Free ,
Speech
Let us
dare to read, think, speak, and wnte. — John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • April 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. IV
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supportersofAmerrmn Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic rad P Sam Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue)^for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. OefendersoftheFi Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Judicial |n sanity
and wm^m
Massacres
/	• :''W ■	■
Dr. William Pierce
wmMmm
The Theft ofliur

mzmmm,
Freedom
Dr, William Pierce
Replacing Shakespeare With Malcolm X
Dr. William Pierce
Clmton’s Legacy I
Pierce
____________
Judicial Insanity and Schoolyard Massacres
Clinton’s sexual escapades, his lying about them, and his attempts to get witnesses to lie, show us what sort of person he is. These things help us to understand what a degenerate piece of White trash we have in the White House. But they are not the really important things about the Clinton administration. They are more like a sideshow, more like comic relief from the real damage Clinton and his controllers are doing to us and to our country.
Consider, for example, Mr. Clinton’s appointments to the Federal courts. He has done more than any other President in history to increase the number of Jews in the Federal judiciary. His most notable moves in that direction have been his appointments of two Jews to the nine-justice Supreme Court, but nearly all of his
The lofty ideals which inspired this statue have been forgotten by modern American courts.
judicial appointments have been aimed at increasing so-called “diversity” in the courts. In most cases when his appointees haven't been Jews they’ve been Blacks or other non-Whites. The rule seems to be, anybody but a heterosexual White male.
One Clinton judicial appointment was in the news in the Philadelphia area in late March when the appointee, Frederica Massiah-Jack-son, withdrew her nomination after it became clear during Senate Judiciary Committee hearings that she would not be approved. Now, that’s really something, for the Politically Correct U.S. Senate to balk at approving a judge who is not only female but also Black.
Actually, the Senate already had approved her appointment last fall,
shortly after Clinton nominated her. In the recent Senate hearings her appointment was being reconsidered. How did that come about? Let me tell you.
For the past 15 years Massiah-jackson has been a judge on Philadelphia’s Court of Common Pleas, and she's made quite a reputation for herself as a Black racist who always sides with Black defendants — and in Philadelphia that means most criminal defendants. She curses and swears at White prosecutors and lawyers in the courtroom, but that's not the reason they persuaded the Senate to reconsider its approval of her nomination and then showed up at the Senate hearings to testify against her; what motivated them is her habit of refusing to convict or to punish Black career criminals. Philadelphia prosecutors cited case after case in which her behavior in the courtroom was so outrageous as to be almost beyond belief.
For example, there was the 1990 case of the Black homosexual rapist who grabbed a 13-year-old boy walking on the grounds of the Albert Einstein Medical Center in North Philadelphia, dragged him into some bushes, and sodomized him. When the child cried during the ordeal, the rapist slashed his face and head with a razor-knife, the kind with a retractable blade used to open boxes. When the Black rapist had finished with him, the boy crawled out of the bushes and was seen by two hospital employees, who came to his aid. The naked, bleeding child told them that the rapist was still in die bushes. Then they saw a Black man come out of the bushes and rearrange his cloches. They summoned police, who seized the man and found the razor knife and a bloody rag in his belt pouch.
When the case came before Judge Massiah-Jackson, she would not admit into evidence die testimony of the two eyewitnesses who saw the rap-1st coming from the bushes, saying that they had seen him under what she called "unduly suggestive” circumstances. She also threw out the evidence of the razor-knife and the bloody rag, saying that the police hadn't had probable cause to seize the items.
Judge Frederica Massiah-Jackson
In two other cases where Blacks were charged with assault involving serious injury to the victims, Judge Massiah-Jackson ruled that the two victims, who had been shot in the abdomen, suffered severe internal damage, and subsequendy underwent colostomies, had not had “serious injury” inflicted on them. By so ruling she was able to downgrade the seriousness of the charges against the Black assailants.
Now, this doesn't mean that Judge Massiah-Jackson is without feelings, however. When, despite her efforts, a jury returned a guilty verdict against a Black who had raped a 10-year-old child and she was obliged to impose a mandatory minimum five-year sentence on the rapist, she wept in the courtroom. She cried. She told reporters and spectators, “it’s not that I think the rape didn’t occur, but five years is a lot of time.” After serving his sentence, the rapist was freed and prompdy raped a nine-year-old child.
Judge Massiah-Jackson is capable of being tough on crime. When a White criminal was unfortunate enough to come before her she imposed an especially harsh sentence on him, explaining that one of the aggravating circumstances in his crime was that he was a “Caucasian.” That’s what the woman said in her written opinion: the aggravating circumstance which justified a maximum sentence was that the defendant was a “Caucasian.”
When the details of her courtroom behavior were presented to the Senate, even that thoroughly corrupt body began backing away from confirming her. Massiah-Jackson wailed that her record was being “distorted.”
She was being subjected “to an unre-lenting campaign of vilification and distortion.”
One of the witnesses against her Pennsylvania’s Northampton County District Attorney John Morganelli, replied to this charge of distortion: “We don’t make up the words that appear in court documents. Those are taken down by stenographers.”
Judge Massiah-Jackson has her supporters as well as her critics, of course. President Clinton, who had recommended her to the Senate as a “highly qualified” judge and urged her confirmation, was angry when Morganelli and others opposed her. He sent her a letter, in which he wrote: “Sadly, in recent weeks your nomination became a target for baseless attacks that mischaracterized your record without affording you a reasonable opportunity to respond.” Baseless attacks!
And Massiah-Jackson also has other supporters. The Jewish mayor of Philadelphia, Edward Rendell, responded to her withdrawal of her nomination by saying: “I view this result with a great amount of sadness.
. . . I’m disappointed because a basically decent individual has been subjected to a level of intensity that I’ve
never seen any other judge subjected
_ » to.
The Jewish chancellor of the Philadelphia Bar Association, Mark Aron-chik, was bitter when many of his fellow lawyers opposed Massiah-Jack-son. He said: “Only weeks before her nomination was to go to the Senate for confirmation ... we see this tactic of selective distortion of a record ....” The Jewish editorial page editor of the Philadelphia Inquirer, Jane Eisner, wrote on March 17, the day after Massiah-Jackson’s withdrawal:
“Judge Frederica Massiah-Jack-son’s lamentable withdrawal yesterday from her quest for a Federal judge-ship leaves the nation’s judiciary a poorer place. The Federal bench desperately needs qualified candidates from all America’s communities, and as the first African-American woman nominated from this district, she would have brought a welcome and necessary diversity to the court.”
Massiah-Jackson also had enthusiastic supporters in the Senate. The leader of her Senate support was
C 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Pennsylvania* s Arlen Specter, not only ;
Jew.
Republican oenator Specter, of
free
speech
I Sen|
I r-^cr, of course, is Republican; he also is i
Jane Eisner spoke for all of Mas-siah-Jackson*s Jewish supporters when she accused those who testified against her of “McCarthyite tactics.” Wrote Eisner with obvious bitterness in her Philadelphia Inquirer editorial: “Once the charge was ‘soft on communism.* Now it*s ‘soft on crime.’”
Well, the diversity-mongers lost this round of the fight. Massiah-Jack-son went down in flames. But that was only one round. Make no mistake about it: the bad guys
for ApriJ 1
win-
---oaa puvs are
mngmost of the other rounds, and
ClZZ ■W,nnmg che war- Most of Clintons appointees have been
approved, and although they’re not as m their anti-White malice Massiah-Jackson is, they’re all the more dangerous because of that. The Jews and their collaborators are winning the war against White America on all fronts, and they’ll continue to win as long as they retain their control of the mass media and are able to keep the White public hypnotized.
The Massiah-Jackson spectacle only received substantial media coverage in the Philadelphia area, so perhaps the rest of the country should not be blamed for sleeping through it But there are other signs of what Jewish media control has done to America which are seen by everyone, and I hope that at least a few White Americans are being awakened by these signs.
An especially tragic sign was the killing of four White schoolchildren and a White teacher in Jonesboro, Arkansas, a few days ago. This is the third mass killing of schoolchildren by other children in the past five months. The media bosses put on a pretense of being mystified. How could this happen? they ask. And then they supply the answer to their question. The reason for all of rhe killings is the easy availability of guns,
that explanation is nonsense,
, rhev know it. Fifty years ago,
SentiL to Si
This magazine feature/designer clothes ad presents murder (of a blonde female, of course) as being cool and trendy. The mass media, especially television, teach children values, and these
values are often abhorrent.
laws or other restrictions, and more of the population was rural than now — which meant that using guns regularly was a part of the lives of more schoolchildren. So it’s certainly not easier access to guns which has made the climate in America's schools murderous. Guns haven't caused the change which has taken place in
I	XXL	—
more access to guns than they do now, but they didn't massacre their classmates. When I was in school there were virtually no gun-control
America.
You know what has caused the
change, but let me tell you anyway. Actually, there have been two
changes. One is the consequence of the loss of racial and cultural homogeneity in our schools. It used to be that a school was like a big extended family. The teachers were all White, and so were the kids. There was a sense of community. But that sense of community is long gone. Even in areas which are still mosdy White, such as Jonesboro, the alienation caused by the diversity-mongers has become a major factor in the antisocial actions of many children. One of the young kill-
1998 • National Vanguard Books
330 . Hillsboro ■ WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
This is the sort of “hero” the young killer, Mitchell Johnson, had.
r, Mitchell Johnson, idolized Black Iture and often pretended to be a member of the Bloods gang.
The other factor is the influence of television on children’s lives, on their behavior, on their attitudes. And I’m not talking simply about televi-sion violence. I’m talking about the pervasive influence, the pervasive effect of television altogether. It distorts a child’s grip on reality. The child exposed to five or six hours of television every day, all of his life — and that’s most American children
today — loses his ability to distinguish between the real world and the imaginary world he sees on the television screen. The connection between the child’s actions and the consequences of his actions becomes fuzzy in his mind. The child fails to develop a normal sense of responsibility.
Of course, I’m generalizing. The effect of television is much stronger on some children than on others. Some children do maintain a fairly good grip on reality and do grow up to be more or less responsible adults.
But the average effects of television are still there, and they manifest themselves in the sort of tragedy we had in Jonesboro a few days ago. This never happened before we had racial integration and television, but it will happen more and more often in the future as so-called “diversity” and its consequent alienation continue to grow, and the influence of television remains with us.
Probably it already has occurred to you, but the Clinton attempt to make a Federal judge out of this Mas-siah-Jackson creature in Philadelphia and the tragedy in Jonesboro are not unrelated. Both are things which couldn’t have happened when we had a sane country. The corruption of the political system and the judicial system on the one hand and the alienation of our children on the other hand, their loss of their sense of community and their sense of responsibility, go together. We fell victim to both of these afflictions as a consequence of losing control of our society, of letting things get entirely out of hand, of abdicating our responsibility to maintain control over our own destiny. And in order to have a sane and healthy society again we must take charge of our own affairs again.
That is easy to say, “we must take charge of our own affairs,” but how do we actually do it?
Well, it’s always been my belief that in order to do anything successfully — especially if it’s a difficult or complex thing — we ought to try to understand it first. And if we want to get ourselves out of a mess, part of what we need to understand is how we got into the mess in the first place: how did we lose control of our affairs? I’ve explored various aspects of that question in the past. I’ll restate briefly one of my most important conclusions.
We failed to understand the absolutely essential role of the mass media, the media of news and entertainment, in the development of our modern society until we had lost control of those media. We failed to understand that as a society grows and becomes more complex and more centralized, the mass media become the principal organs in the society for shaping public opinion;
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
rfcg£ SPEECH for April im
they take the place of the direct person-to-person communication which characterize* fimple and non-central-ized societies#
By shaping public opinion the media arc able to play a dedsive foie in formulating public policy and in determining the makeup of the gov-ern ment. Wc didn't understand that — or at least we didn’t understand it f)lly — until, during the course of this century, a small and alien minority had insinuated itself into a position of dominance over the media. That small and alien minority, of course, is the Jews#
Arid in that one fact lies the explanation of why policies which are destructive of everything that we hold dear, policies which arc morally abhorrent to us, polities which have brought our whole civilization to the brink of ruin, have been promoted by die mass media and enforced by the government in Washington. In that fact is the reason why so-called "diver-sit/ has become a new government-enforced religion? a religion in which M a.ss iah-Jack.sor/* being a Black
female excuses the sort of African tribal justice* sbe has been dispensing if# Philadelphia and cjualifies her for the Federal judiciary.
After we let the control of public policy slip out of the hands of our people and into the hands of the media bosses, we began feeling impotent; we begat) feeling that we no longer had control over our lives or the lives of our children. And so we just sat hack and became spectators# We let events take their course# We let the television raise out children and teach them their values# And then what happened in Jonesboro happened.
What this tells us is that if we really want to regain control of out lives again, regain control of our society and our civilization, we must first regain control of our mass media# As kmg as the media of news and entertainment remain in the hands of the people who control them now, most White Americans will continue to be confused and misled. When the next schoolyard massacre takes place, Americans will hear another call for
gun control from the media, but they will not hear any true explanation of why we are seeing more and uu/te <yf this sort of tragedy#
And when the next national election takes place, we will get another President who is beholder, to the media bosses instead of to the American people and who will appcAfit more judges of the sort Bill Clinton has been appointing.
My broadcasts, of course, cannot overcome the much greater influence of the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the television network* — but they are a start, and your support in making it possible for our influence to grow is appreciated.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voice» program “Ju-dicial insanity and Schoolyard Massacre*/’ aired on April 4,199&
A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
‘	  I
The Theft of Our Freedom
1 want to talk with you about freedom# Freedom! That seems simple enough, but it is a word with profoundly different meanings for different people# Some of the people whom I most despise and whom I consider the greatest threat to freedoim have, ill fact, represented themselves as champion* of freedom# I'm talking about liberals# The name "liberal* comes from the Roman word meaning Tree#* How iroute! — although 1 am sure that most liberals don t see the irony# Their concept of freedom is radically different from mine#
For me freedom is a fairly simple ditng; it is closely tied to my idea of independence# 1 am free when no man can claim the right to force me to do bis will rather man mine# This definition is a definition relative to vxJcty, to wwemment, and to the law# I said, when no man can claim the right # # # / Thus, 1 don’t consider mysen unfree when a robber points a gun at me and Cells me to give him my wallet He's tdt ng me what to do,
but he doesn't claim any right to do so# 1 consider myself unfree if 1 am not able to entertain the possibility of drawing my own pistol and contesting his request for my wallet because the government previously has disarmed me with a gun-control law.
1 also consider myself unfree when 1 cannot say whatever 1 want to say on any subject whatsoever, because the government has forbidden me to speak.
freedom or lack of freedom is a function of my relationship to society and to the government# It is not a function of how much money I have, how popular 1 am, or how happy 1 am with my life. A lot of people talk about things like "freedom from hunger,* “freedom from fear,* or “freedom from want,* but the/re not using the word "freedom* the way 1 use it Hunger ami fear are serious things and unp^ea*ant things, but they don’t have anything to do with freedom as I've defined it here#
We all make conscious decisions to impose certain limits on our own freedom. When we marry, for example, we consciously give up some of our freedom# When we choose to be a member of any community or any society, we enter into a social contract: in return for receiving the benefits of being a member of the society, we agree to obey the societ/s rules# But these things are a matter of choice for us# They are voluntarily accepted limitations# The rrian with a strong sense of self-worth and independence, the man who loves freedom, will be cautious about accepting such limitations, and he will want to keep them to a minimum# Me will he eternally vigilant to prevent other men from changing the term* of his social contract in such a way as to diminish his freedom#
Weaker, metre dependent men, on the other hand, may gladly accept more limitations in return for the promise of more social benefits or more security# And that’s all right, so
I 't*)H • ftotkmtd Vanputid fkeAct * fV/r
W& ' mmm * WV 24946 • %40/yai
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
If you punch him, it will most likely be simple assault.
long as we don't let their weakness encroach on our freedom.
Liberals have an entirely different concept of freedom. For the liberal the idea of freedom is mixed up with the ideas of happiness and comfort That's why one always hears liberals talking about things like “freedom from want* To liberals, a hungry man is not a free man. And of course, in a certain sense of the word that is true. A hungry man is obliged by the pain in his belly to do whatever it takes to get food. His options are more limited — at least temporarily — than those of a man who is not hungry. But that’s not the sense in which we use the word “free.” Whether a man is hungry or not, whether he is poor or not, he is free as long as he not prevented by the government from seeking food for himself or seeking to alleviate his poverty.
That’s where we and the liberals differ. To us a poor man is unfree only if the government prevents him by law from bettering his condition.
To us a man can be poor and hungry and still be free. To the liberals a poor man lacks freedom even if he is poor solely because of his own laziness or stupidity. What counts to the liberals is that he is poor, regardless of the reason, and therefore cannot have everything he wants. So the liberals campaign to free him from his wants, not to free him from laws which prevent him from taking care of his own wants. The liberals in their campaign for “freedom from want" very often seek solutions in the form of more laws: laws which take away our freedom in order to satisfy the wants of those who have an entirely different concept of freedom.
A big thing with the liberals these days is “freedom from oppression.” By “oppression" the liberals mean anything which makes them feel bad or keeps them from having what they want To the liberals poverty is a form of oppression. So is feeling bad because they are ugly, stupid, awkward, ill-bred, or unpopular. The liberals consider a person is “oppressed”
when he is reminded of his inferiority by something another person writes or says. Feminists, in particular, are fond of complaining about this sort of “oppression." They believe that they are free from oppression only when they are feeling good about themselves, and this “freedom to feel good,” as they see it, is threatened by people who say “insensitive” things.
The liberals believe that they are fighting for freedom from oppression when they campaign for laws designed to protect the feelings of people who could be offended by the comments or actions of other people. These laws are often called “hate laws.” The liberals sometimes speak of “freedom from hate” and believe that they are achieving that with their “hate laws.”
In fact, to hear a liberal or a Jew talk about it, you would believe that “freedom from hate” and “freedom to feel good” were what the Founding Fathers really had in mind when they drafted the Bill of Rights. To the liberals the so-called “freedom” of a homosexual not to be offended by the remarks of someone who considers him a freak ranks right up there beside freedom of speech and freedom to keep and bear arms — in fact, a bit above freedom of speech and way above the freedom to keep and bear arms.
These new “freedoms” that the liberals have invented — freedom from oppression, freedom from “bad vibes,” freedom from hate, freedom from being offended — have been given an enormous promotion during the past decade or so. Several large and well-funded Jewish organizations — Morris Dees’s Southern Poverty Law Center, the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, the Simon Wiesenthal Center — have been working together with the controlled media and bought politicians to push so-called “hate laws” through state legislatures.
These laws attempt to protect people — especially those considered “disadvantaged” by the liberals, and that means non-male, non-White, non-heterosexual, or non-Gentile people — from being made to feel bad by outlawing “oppressive” thought and
€) 1998 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yea,r
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
7
“oppressive” expression. Some of the laws aim at punishing a person for having “oppressive” thoughts when he commits a crime. For example, if a homosexual solicits you and you punch him in the nose, it ordinarily would be a misdemeanor assault in most jurisdictions. But if you say, “Take that, you filthy pervert!” when you punch him, it becomes a felony in hose areas where a “hate” law is in effect Instead of being fined a few hundred dollars, you can be sent to prison for five years.
Other laws, based on he same “freedom from oppression” theory, criminalize any speech or other expression which might “oppress” a “disadvantaged” person — hat is, it criminalizes so-called “hate speech.” Jewish and liberal groups have succeeded in pushing such speech-limitation laws through several state legislatures. They also have succeeded in convincing a substantial portion of he public hat “hate,” “racism,” and “discrimination” are illegal, even in hose states where hey have not yet succeeded in enacting “hate” laws. Thus, hey have intimidated many people into limiting heir own speech, in he belief hat to say something Politically Incorrect might result in a prosecution. I am sorry to say, in many cases hey have gotten away with hese infringements on he freedom of other Americans: infringements committed in he name of “freedom from oppression.” It is infuriating, but it is also ironic.
Florida is a state with lots of liberals and even more Jews, and in order to protect “disadvantaged” people in he state from “oppression” hey have enacted several “hate crime” and “hate speech” laws. These laws are unconstitutional, and hey are intended primarily to intimidate he citizens of Florida to conform heir speech and behavior to liberal norms — alhough he liberal and Jewish elements in he state certainly would like to see he Constitution actually changed to favor heir concept of “freedom” over ours.
In late February, nine students at Killian High School, in he Miami suburb of Kendall, Florida, were arrested and hauled off to jail after hey published a pamphlet satirizing
heir school’s administration. They were charged under two of Florida’s “hate” laws, because he principal of Killian High School is Black, and he was treated unkindly in he pamphlet, which even included cartoons depicting he Black principal engaged in sexual intercourse. The principal called he police and requested hat he students be arrested. One of he charges against he students carries a penalty of five years imprisonment
The Jewish Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith joined he Black principal, feminists, eager-beaver politicians and bureaucrats, and others in praising he action against he students, who range in age from 16 to 18 years. One of he more eager members of he lynch mob who praised he arrests was Henry Fraind, deputy superintendent of schools. He told reporters, “Free speech doesn’t give anyone he right to use a word hat would inflame. They do not have he right to incite he feelings of outward racism.”
Unfortunately, Henry Fraind is all too typical of he sort of vicious, Politically Correct bigots we have put in charge of he education of America’s children. I don’t know whether or not he really believes hat Americans don’t have he right to use words which inflame or which incite feelings of racism, but it’s clear hat he would like for he use of such words to be illegal — and I’ll bet he also would like to see people go to prison for using words which incite Politically Incorrect feelings about sex, sexual orientation, religion, and a number of oher hings.
Even if Mr. Fraind understands hat he Bill of Rights is still a bar to he type of “hate speech” laws he favors, he seems pleased hat he laws, unconstitutional hough hey are, are on he books and serve to stifle he ignorant and he timid. And here are, I’m afraid, far too many oher people, who are not activist bigots like Fraind and not even especially liberal, who would vaguely go along with him.
These people have gradually been persuaded by two generations of television propaganda hat people are entided to “freedom from oppression” and hat here should be some
If you punch him it might be a felony “hate crime."
sort of penalty for saying or writing hings hat “disadvantaged” people find “oppressive.” They believe hat he government has — or should have — he authority to compel us all to write or say only “nice” hings. That shouldn’t be surprising in his feminized age. The feminine spirit gives priority to niceness and getting along with everybody and not hurting anyone’s feelings. The masculine spirit gives priority to freedom and to truth and to saying what needs to be said, offensive or not — but masculine priorities have become Politically Incorrect in his age.
It is interesting to note hat of he nine students thrown into jail for producing and distributing heir “insensitive” and “oppressive” pamphlet, five are girls. One of he students is Asian, and three of hem have Hispanic surnames. Most of hem are honors students. This “diversity” didn’t stop he prosecutor from charg-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
The homosexual responsible for this graffiti feels oppressed by the use of the word “wife.”
ing them, and it didn’t stop the police from leaving them locked up over' night in the Dade County jail with murderers and rapists. Four days after they were charged and arrested the state reluctandy dropped the charges against them. The feminist prosecutor who was responsible for the arrests, Katherine Fernandez Rundle, told the Associated Press that dropping the charges against the students was “a difficult decision” for her, even though she knew the laws were unconstitutional and unenforceable. One gets the distinct impression that she and other authorities involved were sorry that they couldn’t prose-cute the students and felt that keeping them in jail for a night was letting them off too easy — for exercising their constitutional freedom of speech.
The parents of the arrested students have talked about the possibility of suing, but I personally feel that a good, old-fashioned necktie party, with the Black principal, deputy superintendent of schools Henry Fraind, and Kathleen Fernandez Rundle as the guests of honor would be more appropriate! Too much of the blood of our forefathers was spilled securing the freedom which these Politically Correct bigots would like to take away from us — too much to permit them to continue trampling on our Bill of Rights with impunity.
These arrests last month in Florida are a pretty clear-cut case of our freedom — freedom of speech — coming into conflict with freedom as defined by the liberals and Jews: namely “freedom from oppression,” freedom to feel good. But it is by no means the only such case. This sort of thing is happening more and more frequently these days, and our freedom all too often is subordinated to theirs. Believe me, they really would like to re-write the Bill of Rights, taking away all of our freedoms and substituting theirs instead. And that’s what they actually are doing, step by step.
There are three categories of people responsible for the gradually increasing loss of freedom in America. First, there are the Jews, as represented by groups such as the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, the Southern Poverty Law Center, and the Simon Wiesenthal Center — and of course, by the masters of the mass media. These are cold-blooded, hard-headed people who know exactly what they are doing in trying to take away our freedom. I’ve talked at length about their activities and their motivations on earlier programs, and I’ll talk more about them in the future.
In the second category are the hard-core liberals, the people who grew up in the 1960s and 1970s believing that they were “oppressed” if mommy or daddy reprimanded
them for not picking up their dirty socks and underwear or if the kid next door was better looking or had more toys than they had. They built their ideas about “freedom from oppression” and “freedom from want” into a sort of nut-case religion, which has been adopted by a lot of really wacky people, people with serious problems of retarded personality development: the feminists, for example. This religion also has been adopted by a lot of amoral opportunists who don’t care about freedom one way or another, but who find it profitable to go with the flow: who find that it helps them get a good press and more votes.
But it’s the third category of people that we really have to worry about. Those are the people who have been too passive, too selfish, or too cowardly to stop the Jews, the retards, and the opportunists: the people who have let them get away with it and have put up virtually no opposition to the theft of our liberty.
I’m talking about us. I’m talking about those who really believe in freedom of speech and freedom of self-defense, but who are so afraid of being called an “anti-Semite” or a “racist” that they remain only silent spectators when our freedom is raped the way it was in Florida last month. Too many of us have let ourselves be buffaloed by the very clever Jewish tactic of calling their campaign against our freedom a campaign against “hate.” Too many of us who see through this tactic are still afraid to stand up and denounce their “hate laws” — and them — because we are afraid of being thought “haters.”
Let me leave you with this thought Cowardice and freedom are not and never have been compatible. If we want to be free again, then we must find the courage to deal properly with those who are stealing our freedom.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Theft of Our Freedom,” aired on March 21, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
9
Replacing Shakespeare with Malcolm X
Just when you thought that the people running this country already had inflicted every sick and degenerate program imaginable on us, they come up with yet another program wackier and more destructive than anything which has gone before. This time it’s a program by the San Francisco Board of Education to step up the rate of “multiculturalizing” of the curriculum for San Francisco’s public schools by phasing out most White influences.
For a long time, of course, the more “progressive” elements — that is, the nuttier elements — in America’s educational establishment have been fretting about exposing young people to all of the racist, sexist, homophobic, and elitist influences inherent in the writings of White authors from generations less Politically Correct than our own. These include all of the writers whose works American schoolchildren traditionally have read: Homer, Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Dickens, Tennyson, and Kipling. They are hateful people when viewed from a Politically Correct perspective. I mean, Homer and Chaucer completely ignored Blacks, as if they didn’t even exist! And Shakespeare made a number of very insensitive references to Jews. Kipling was an unabashed White supremacist. And they were all elitists: not an egalitarian among them. “Progressive” educators have skirted this problem by censoring the works of White writers before presenting them to students, keeping the more objectionable works out of sight
Now the educators have a much better plan. Instead of censoring the White writers, they will replace them with non-Whites. In die new curriculum for San Francisco’s public schools 70 per cent of the reading assignments for students will consist of works by non-White writers — or “authors of color,” to use the trendy language of the new policy statement For every three books written by White authors which students read, they must read seven books written by non-White authors. Actually, most of the school-board members would like
to get rid of all of the White authors, because all of their writings are contaminated by racism, even if it isn’t explicit. But they’re willing to accept paring the Whites down to 30 per cent as a first step.
There have been a few protests against the San Francisco curriculum from conservative teachers around the country, but they didn’t challenge the policy at its core. Rather, the critics said things like, “of course everyone supports more diversity, but quotas aren’t the way to achieve it.” After all, who wants to be condemned as a “racist” for speaking in favor of a mosdy White curriculum? Who has the courage to go on record as saying that multiculturalizing the curriculum inevitably will debase it7 Isn’t that equivalent to saying that non-Whites haven’t written works whose quality matches those of Shakespeare and Dickens? And so most of the more conservative educators are side-step-
A modem school teacher. He would have any number of reasons for preferring Malcolm X to Shakespeare, wouldn’t he?
ping the issue, while the real nut-cases proceed with their multicultural programs.
Now, lest you jump to the conclusion that this is a Black-versus-White issue, I assure you that many of the proponents of the new San Francisco curriculum are neither Blacks nor Hispanics. To be sure, most Black and Hispanic educators support the new curriculum. So do the Jews, although they’re being more discreet about it. And for the sake of appearances, a few Jews are even going on record as being against the new program. But the really interesting thing about this program for “multiculturalizing” the school curriculum is that it also is supported by many White educators. I suppose that shouldn’t surprise us when we consider how many White people voted for Bill Clinton. There really are a great many very sick White folks running around these days. This is the Clinton era!
I find it difficult trying to understand what goes on inside the minds of these sick people. I’m inclined to believe that many of them simply have been exposed to too much Jewish hate propaganda: they’ve seen too many hate films, such as Roots, Schindler's List, or Amistad, and they’ve taken them to heart. They’ve been filled with an artificial sense of guilt and turned against their own people. They’ve let themselves be persuaded that White people are inherendy evil, destructive, and brutal, and that our main role in history has been exploiting, dominating, and harming non-White peoples, who are all inherendy good, sensitive, creative, and inoffensive.
They believe that non-Whites can do a gender and fairer job of running the world, that non-White intellects can give us deeper insights into the nature of reality and can build a more sublime civilization for us. Many of these sick Whites really believe this nonsense! It has become a religion for them, this idea of the noble, gifted savage held down by the wicked White man. They can read some crock of pretentious, angst-filled, drivel written by a non-White and
1
I
I
1
|
if
ii
if?
»
|W1
r

© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
Toni Morrison
One of the “authors of color” who has long been on the required reading list of many schools is Nobel Prize winning novelist, Toni Morrison. Her first novel was the heart-breaking, pigment-envy classic The Bluest Eye,” and her most recent is the gender tragedy Paradise. It is easy to see why she is idolized by the current establishment. She says she writes with “a very good male sensitivity.” She finds rap music “totally compelling” and notes “the part that makes people shudder is the part that means it’s new.” She uses phrases like, “Those conversations can be quite valid” and, “I like that kind of interrogation among various streams” in reference to a conflict between two female rap “artists,” one of whom is angrier and cruder than the other. On Tawana Brawly she says, “Why is everybody determined that it was a hoax from the very beginning? This is a little girl" (Emphasis in the original.) She also believes O.J. Simpson was railroaded.
believe that they’ve read something really profound. If it had been written by a White man, they would recognize it as drivel and laugh at it, but their religion prohibits them from laughing at non-Whites, so they take it seriously. They really believe diat a non-White curriculum will be better for all students, including White students. They really believe that Whites will benefit from being “multicultural-ized."
And I think that there are others among the White supporters of the non-White reading program for San Francisco’s schools who are not reli-
gious, but they simply have a feminine tendency to go with the flow. They look at the changing demographic statistics for the United States, California, and San Francisco, where White children now make up only 12 per cent of the public school enrollment, and they figure that there’s no point in fighting the growing non-White majority. They simply can’t face the prospect of the bloodshed which will be needed to reverse current demographic trends. Above all else they want a peaceful solution to non-White unrest, non-White crime, and non-White failure, and
they figure that the easiest thing to do is give the public schools a non-White curriculum. Perhaps that will make the non-Whites happy, and the Whites will get along somehow.
You may wonder why I care what sort of curriculum there is in a school system which is only 12 per cent White. Well, I care in the first place because it is still 12 per cent White. I don’t want those White children subjected to any more of an anti-White brainwashing program than they already are. Second, I care because the sort of rot that is taking over the San Francisco school system is spreading, and the sooner we stamp it out the better. If we simply acquiesce to what is happening now in San Francisco, then it will happen all the sooner in other cities. San Francisco used to be a White city, and it used to have White schools. The same process that destroyed San Francisco’s schools is destroying the schools in every city in America. Everywhere we are seeing the same sickness among the educators and bureaucrats, and everywhere we are seeing the same changing demographics. The sickness must be stamped out. The demographic trends must be reversed.
I understand, of course, that it will take a civil war to reverse the demographic trends. But even before we are able to begin that cleasing war, we can fight against the sickness which has infected so many of our people, and not just in education. We can fight Clintonism wherever it has raised its ugly head. We can fight the sort of Jewish hate propaganda which has poisoned nearly every aspect of our public life in America. We can expose the lies and the malevolent motivations on which this hatred of everything White is based, and we can help our people to develop a healthier attitude toward their own kind, their own race.
We can help even die least idealistic of our people — we can help even the most selfish and least altruistic of our people — understand that we are headed for certain disaster if we accept the nonsensical doctrine that non-Whites have as much to contribute to our civilization as Whites do and that White children can benefit by being raised on a diet of non-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
11
White literature. We can help them to understand that “multiculturalizing” our schools and our curricula already has lowered our educational standards drastically, and that if we continue along the same path we will end up with a less literate, less well informed, and less capable population than we have now.
And we can help the more idealistic of our people — the ones who care about things besides the gross national product — understand that the most important thing in a child’s education is the sense of identity and rootedness that he receives, his sense of peoplehood and racial belonging. That does not come from a multicultural education. It comes only from immersing him in the culture, in the ideas, in the history, in the spirituality of his own people. What I’m saying is that even if the 70 per cent non-White literature that the San Francisco board of education intends to impose on schoolchildren weren’t mostly anti-White drivel, it would still be bad for White children because it is non-White.
What I just said is a very important point, but I am afraid that of lot of my patriotic friends miss this point, so I’ll say a few more words about it. Most White Americans will agree with us that what the San Francisco board of education is doing is not a good idea. They will be cautious about condemning it because they don’t want to be perceived as racists, but even many of the morally and intellectually challenged White Americans who voted for Bill Clinton would vote against throwing out Homer and Shakespeare and Dickens to make way for Eldridge Cleaver and Malcolm X — if they could cast their votes secredy, so their liberal friends couldn’t see how they voted. But their reasons for voting against the San Francisco program would have a lot more to do with the gross national product than with racial identity and rootedness.
The most common objection one would hear from White opponents to the San Francisco program would be that it is not helpful to anyone — Black, Chicano-mestizo, or White — to teach them in such a way that it will be more difficult for them to be
assimilated into the majority culture. If Blacks want to get ahead in a predominantly White country, it will be more helpful for them to study Shakespeare than Eldridge Cleaver or Malcolm X. And of course, exacdy the same argument applies to White students. Nothing racist about that. The only White people who would disagree are the hard-core, nut-case Clintonistas — and of course, those pitiable souls I mentioned a few minutes ago who are tormented by the religion of White guilt.
Even conservatives — even patriots — seem to believe that die principal reasons why the San Francisco program is bad are that it substitutes inferior writers for superior ones, and it focuses on minority culture rather than on the majority culture. But to think that way is to miss the most important point. That point is that our children must be given strong roots in our culture, and what the Blacks, mestizos, and Asians do with their children is their business, so long as they don’t do it on our turf.
I hardly need to mention that my view of this matter is a racist view. The point I am making is a racist point. My patriotic and conservative friends who have not grasped this point have been trained to look at the world as individuals rather than as White men and women. Individualism is the new conservative religion, and it is really as disastrously wrongheaded a religion, as lethal a religion, as the religion of White guilt which motivates the White supporters of the San Francisco program. The individualist is as concerned about what sort of education Black, mestizo, and Asian children receive as he is about the sort of education White children receive.
In my religion the first commandment is, survive. Be fruitful and multiply. Grow strong, and safeguard the future of your children.
And the second commandment is, seek the future among your own kind. Know that each race of man, each species of animal, must develop according to its own laws, according to its own nature. Understand the nature of your own people, and base your plans for the future, your plans for growing strong, your plans for a
strong and healthy posterity, on that nature. Preserve your kind.
My religion is a racist religion. It does not require me to hate anyone of another race or to harm anyone of another race, so long as he does not threaten or impede my own race. But it does require me always to put the interests of my own people ahead of any other race’s interests or any individual’s interest, including my own.
My religion is based on doing what comes naturally, on doing what my kind always have done — at least, what they did prior to the mass insanity which seems to have taken hold during this century. When we did what was natural for our people we grew strong, and no other people could stand against us. But when we let the religion of White guilt begin setting our policies for us, we began getting the sort of lunacy we have in San Francisco — and everywhere else, in different forms. The religion of White guilt gave us Bill Clinton in the White House. It gave us affirmative action, racial integration in our schools, and the immigration policy which is flooding our country with non-Whites.
I think that my conservative and patriotic friends agree with me on this. Having Bill Clinton in the White House is a disaster. It is not only a national embarrassment, but it is a grave national danger: it threatens the whole future of our country. And they agree with me that open borders, affirmative action, the new San Francisco curriculum, and the rest of the Clinton program are disasters for America, whether Clinton remains in the White House or not.
But I part company with many of my conservative and patriotic friends when it comes to understanding why these disasters have been inflicted on us and what we should do about them. I hope that as our situation in this country worsens, some of them will come to understand that their religion of individualism cannot save us, cannot even slow the pace at which disaster is overwhelming our people on all fronts. I hope that they will understand that a religion based only on individual interests, based only on selfishness, not only cannot save our people, but it cannot even
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
protect their own, personal interests in the face of the disaster which is overtaking all of us.
The Blacks, Asians, and mestizos who want to base the education of children in San Francisco on Malcolm X instead of on Shakespeare understand what the individualists don’t understand. They understand that together they are strong. They understand that as long as the White man remains befuddled by his religion of White guilt or disengaged because of his belief in individualism, they will continue having their way. They understand that the country as a whole is moving toward a non-White majority in the next century, and that if the White man remains unable to look out for the interests of his own people, we actually will have that non-White majority, and then the non-Whites will be able to do whatever they want to do — and there will be hell to pay for us, liberal as well as conservative.
So think about it, all of you patriotic listeners who still believe in indi-
vidualism, who believe that it is wrong to judge others by their race, who believe that racism is wicked: think about the direction in which our country is headed now and how you will act to change that direction as an individualist. And if you don’t come up with any really good ideas, perhaps you will consider the possibility that we ought to work together for a better future on the only realistic basis, and that basis is our common race, our common roots, and our common culture. You might consider the possibility that doing what comes naturally, doing what our ancestors for the last ten thousand generations have done may not be such a bad idea after all.
Perhaps you are still terrified of being thought a racist. So don’t call yourself a racist, if you prefer. But do understand that we must do whatever is required of us to survive first, to survive as a people. Understand that if we permit the sort of madness we can see in San Francisco and in Washington to continue spreading —
as it is spreading now — we have no future as a people. Our children have no future. The Clintonistas will win. Our country will sink into barbarism. Our culture will be replaced by the culture of the Black African, the Mexican mestizo, and the slave-like Chinese. Our race will become extinct.
And all it takes to avoid that end and to have a healthy future is to work together for our people. Together we can put an end to the sort of rabble who have taken over our government. We can clean up the country and get it back on course again. Think about it. And write to me about it.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Replacing Shakespeare With Malcolm X,” aired on March 28, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Clinton's Legacy
Bill Clinton is a psychologically defective person. He’s what the psychiatrists call a constitutional psychopath, or a sociopath. He is not only amoral, but he also lacks the judg-L ment and self-control necessary to ■ conform his behavior to reasonable w norms. Amorality, lack of any inherent morality, is not an uncommon condition among lawyers and politicians, of course, but most of them manage to curb their greed and their lust enough to conform to accepted standards of behavior. A person who wants to get ahead in politics should be a person who looks ahead and tries to understand the long-range consequences of current decisions and policies. Bill Clinton has never had that faculty. For him it’s always been doing what he wants to do at the moment and figuring that later he’ll be able to lie himself out of any problems which arise. He behaves as if he’s been lobotomized or as if he has a substantial non-White component in his genetic makeup. He dis-
plays the type of mentality especially characteristic of Blacks: a profound lack of foresight.
When Bill Clinton was a university student during the late 1960s he organized pro-Viet Cong demonstrations. That may have been a very trendy thing to do in the pot-smoking, coke-snorting crowd to which Clinton belonged, but it wasn’t a very farsighted thing to do for someone who even then had strong political ambitions. Even the most amoral and opportunistic person should have understood that publicly taking the side of your country’s enemies during a war could become a serious liability for a political career in the future. Clinton figured he’d do what was trendy at the moment and lie about it later, if he figured at all.
When he was governor of Arkansas there were enough available women to satisfy any sexual appetite. All that was called for was a reasonable degree of discretion, but Bill Clinton lacked even that. His woman-
izing exceeded all reasonable bounds. Like a Third World potentate making the rounds of his subjects, he would spot a woman in a crowd who appealed to him and point her out to a member of his state police bodyguard, who then would approach the woman and escort her to Clinton’s bedroom for a “quickie.” The technique used with Paula Jones was standard operating procedure in Bill Clinton’s Litde Rock, as several of his former bodyguards have testified. Any prudent man, no matter how lustful, could have guessed that this sort of behavior eventually would lead to serious problems. But not Bill Clinton.
And Clinton was as reckless in his financial dealings and in his use of illegal drugs while he was in Arkansas as he was in his bimbo hunting. A number of witnesses have testified to his use of cocaine at Little Rock parties while he was governor of Arkansas. For the governor of a state to behave in such a manner, regardless of his lack of respect for the law,
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
13
indicates a shocking deficit of judgment.
As for finances, let me remind you that one of his Arkansas friends, Susan McDougal, a former officer of the failed Madison Guaranty Savings and Loan, has been sitting in prison for more than six months now on contempt charge because she refuses to tell a grand jury what she knows about Bill Clinton’s involvement in Madison Guaranty’s illegal opera-cions. She has been granted immunity from prosecution in return for her testimony, but she refuses to talk. One can only suspect that someone in the Clinton crowd is making it worth her while to keep her mouth shut and stay in prison.
And there is the matter of the box of old bank records which turned up in the back of a former bank employee’s car: a box of records everyone thought had been destroyed. Among the records was a $27,000 check from Madison Guaranty to Bill Clinton, which Clinton claims he doesn’t remember receiving.
As with Susan McDougal, suspicions of Uhush money” payments are associated with several other former Clinton associates: Webster Hubbell, an old Arkansas pal appointed associate attorney general by Clinton during his first term as President, later was indicted on felony fraud charges. He promised prosecutors to tell what he knew about Clinton’s illegal activity in Arkansas in return for lenient treatment. But various Clinton associates, including Vernon Jordan, stepped in and arranged for Hubbell to receive 5500,000 in so-called “consulting zes.” After the payoff, Hubbell kept mouth shut about Clinton and
is
HWSHBF

kUSi


> 'iiiiia’inttii iii H'.'ii’iiiiLtui muni.i
FREE
srofi
iLkiakkiJJi
T
»
an

GET VCR ISOH0£
IT*	^



ent to prison.
An illustration from Jerry Rubin’s Do It!. Is this Bill Clinton’s ideal world?
And there s the case of Monica
winsky, who traded her promise of
‘nee in return for a high-paying job Jew York, arranged by Vernon Jor-
Well, the list goes on and on and It's really astounding that one has gotten away with so much managed to stay out of prison — tie to stay in the White House!
said, Clinton's personality s that of what the psychiatrists constitutional psychopatha who not only lacks all moral
scruples but also lacks the judgment and selfcontrol necessary for normal social functioning.
Clinton, of course, grew up dun ing the 1960s, a period of artificial social upheaval when the Jews were using the mass media to encourage young people to break all the rules, cut themselves loose from their roots, and adopt a hedonistic life-style. One of the Jewish instigators of this
upheaval of the 1960s was Jerry Rubin, a leader of the Youth International Party. In his book titled Do It!, published in 1970 by the big New York Jewish company Simon and Schuster, Rubin explicitly urged the sort of behavior manifested by Clinton. He advocated free money, free drugs, sex whenever and wherever one felt the urge, no rules, and no responsibility.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
Bill Clinton, however, wasn’t the only American who grew up during the 1960s, and he really can’t use the so-called “counter-culture” revolution promoted by Rubin and other Jews as an excuse for himself. Constitutional psychopaths are bom, not made. What the 1960s did for Bill Clinton was provide him with a milieu in which he could operate without the social disapproval that ordinarily would be directed at a person like himself. It provided him with a constituency of people who had grown up with the notion that responsibility and discipline are “fascist” concepts. These are the sort of people he has surrounded himself with in Washington.
Gary Aldrich, the FBI agent who was assigned to the Clinton White House to do security checks on Clinton’s staffers, has described these people in detail in his 1996 book, Unlimited Access. Aldrich tells of drug usage and semi-public homosexual activity encountered in the corridors and restrooms of the Clinton White House and of the shocking information uncovered in his background investigations of Clinton staffers. Not a 1960s person himself, Aldrich was distressed by the absence of moral and behavioral standards he observed among Clinton’s associates. In Unlim-ited Access he relates a conversation he had with two other FBI agents. One of them asks him, “What the hell is going on at the White House, Gary?”
Aldrich replies that he has never seen anything like it The third agent says: “Are you sure you haven’t seen these people before? Think about it ‘Kill the pigs. Ho, Ho, Ho Chi Minh, the Viet Cong are gonna win.* That’s who they are, Gary. They’re the people we used to arrest” So you see that my conclusions about Bill Clinton are shared by others who have acquainted themselves with him. Many rank-and-file people in the news media also understand Clinton’s nature, but many of these media people are 1960s-style people themselves, and they were inclined not to be critical of his recklessly self-indulgent behavior, until it exceeded even their limits of tolerance.
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
The interesting thing about all of this is not that Bill Clinton is a constitutional psychopath. There are lots of constitutional psychopaths running loose in our society these days. The interesting thing is that a constitutional psychopath has become President of the United States through the democratic process, and he enjoys a high degree of popularity among the electorate even after his nature has been revealed by the recent scandals. That's what’s interesting.
I draw two important conclusions from this: one about the role of the mass media in the political process today, and one about the nature of the electorate and what that means for mass democracy.
How did a constitutional psychopath become President? To answer this we need to understand that Bill Clinton is not only a psychopath: he is a psychopath with charisma. He is a very manipulative psychopath. He is an intelligent psychopath. With his boyish smile and his “aw, shucks” manner, he has not only been able to charm coundess women out of their panties, he also has been able to charm their husbands, fathers, and brothers into voting for him. It was perhaps forgivable for the local Democratic Party machine in Arkansas to adopt him as a candidate for governor. They saw in him a natural vote-getter. The trouble with this, of course, is that they also should have seen the constitutional psychopath in him and rejected him on that basis. Clinton’s charm and his ability to win votes should not have been the only considerations.
Politics always has been a crooked business. But I believe that the people involved in it used to be a litde more careful, a litde more mindful of the consequences of their actions. This wasn’t really indicative of any morality or patriotism on their part: just normal prudence. The standards seem to be down everywhere these days. The professional politicians always try to remain closely aware of public feeling, public attitudes, public tolerances. When they see that public standards are down, that the public will tolerate behavior today that it wouldn t have tolerated 20 or 30 years ago, then they are more likely to put forward some-
one like Clinton as a candidate. They won’t be quite as discriminating in choosing a candidate as they were earlier.
They usually get away with this lack of discrimination. But they didn’t get away with it in Clinton’s case. Certainly the more prudent Democratic leaders are wishing now that they hadn’t chosen Clinton as their candidate. They can see that he is still popular, but they also can see that he endangers the continued existence of the system from which all the politicians draw their sustenance. They can see that a system of constitutional democracy, of democracy with rules and standards, has been degraded to a mobocracy. The mob doesn’t care about rules and standards. The mob cares only about its hero of the moment.
Did Clinton steal money from the public in his dealings with Madison Guaranty? “Who cares?” roars the mob. Did he use cocaine while he was governor of Arkansas? Has he broken laws in accepting money from Chinese gangsters? “Leave the poor man alone. We like him!” screams the mob. Has he committed perjury and obstructed justice by arranging payoffs to Susan McDougal, Webster Hubbell, and Monica Lewinsky? “That’s not important!” shouts the mob. “Let him do his job!”
Now, the mob may not understand the danger in this sort of situation, but others do understand. There are many thoughtful and responsible Americans who accepted democracy only because of the safeguards designed to keep it from becoming a mobocracy: safeguards which obviously have failed. Until now democracy has been sort of a secular religion in the United States, but the intelligent and independent-minded segment of the public is becoming cynical about that religion. They are losing their faith in it. They will withdraw their consent to be governed by it. That may not worry the mob, because the mob is drunk with its own power, with its numbers. But mobs never rule for long, regardless of their numbers. There will be a revolution, and the mob will lose its power — which is a good thing, of
<£> 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for April 1998
15
course, but we want to be very careful about who gets the power.
There’s one more extremely important element in our situation, and that element is the power of the mass media. Before the rise of the mass media, candidates for office had more or less direct contact with the voters. The public’s evaluation of earn didates was guided by community standards and by local community leaders. Community leaders were usually a cut above the village idiots and the food-stamp recipients and the trendy airheads who always went chasing after the latest fad, and because they were a cut above the rabble in terms of judgment and sense of responsibility these local community leaders gave a degree of stability to democracy. As long as the voters took their lead from people in the community who were respected, democracy was not likely to become mobocracy.
During this century, however, American society has undergone profound changes. For all practical purposes, there no longer are communities or respected community leaders in most parts of America. During this century the mass media have risen to take the place of community contact and community guidance in the lives of most Americans. This has been especially the case since the Second World War and the advent of television. Now candidates for public office are presented direedy to the voters through the mass media. The image of a candidate that a voter sees is the image shaped by the
media, and the media are far from neutral. Of course, charisma and personal charm and likability are still important for a candidate’s vote-get-ting ability, but die media make a big difference in the way these characteristics are perceived by die public. The types of questions that reporters ask during press conferences and interviews, the manner in which they ask questions, and the way in which the interviews are edited before being presented to the public make an enormous difference in the way the public perceives a candidate. There always are things in a candidate’s background, in his past life, which are capable of influencing the public’s attitude toward a candidate. The people who control the media scrutinize these things and decide which ones to present to die public and which ones to keep quiet about.
Did the candidate demonstrate on behalf of America’s enemies during the Vietnam war, as Bill Clinton did? Not important, the media bosses decide. No need to remind the public of that. Did the candidate ever make a remark about limiting immigration or cutting back on welfare or eliminating affirmative action programs? Well, now, that’s something the media bosses certainly will want to tell the public about; they’ll want to tell the public that the candidate is a “racist,” and they’ll figure out the most damaging way to do it.
On top of this control of candidates’ images by the mass media, there also is the more general effect
that the media have on public attitudes. Two generations of Americans have been raised on television now. Television has been the baby-sitter and the teacher for two generations. And during these two generations Jews have had a vasdy — an enormously — disproportionate role in controlling what television has taught to Americans. Jews, whether as scriptwriters, as producers, or as network bosses, have shaped much of the public’s attitudes and values. And that fact is the key to understanding why Bill Clinton still has a very high public approval rating even after being exposed for what he is.
In summary: Bill Clinton did not make the political system in America what it is today. He did not change a constitutional democracy into a mob-ocracy. That change took place without his help, over a period of decades. Bill Clinton has simply made that change manifest — and by making it manifest he has undermined the whole system. He has destroyed any remaining respect and support the system had among thoughtful and responsible and moral Americans. That is what history will remember Bill Clinton for.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Clinton’s Legacy,” aired on March 14, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to free speech!
X* you received thle copy of FREE SPEECH as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe.
dncloae $40 for a one year subscription "to	SP£2ECM.
Name:	  Mail	to:
Address:
k
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books , Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year