FREE SPEECH • MAY 1996 • VOLUME II, NO. 5
Nelson Rosit, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per annum, including special offers and quantity discounts on tapes and printed materials from National Vanguard Books; Defenders of the First Amendment who donate $300 per year or more will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for broadcast or publication.
IN THIS ISSUE O
mmMmm mm


- Visions of the Future
As Signs of Decay Multiply, Prescient Persons Seek Alternatives
by Kevin Alfred Strom
A new vision of the future is taking shape all across the lands of the West. Even as the ugliness and decadence of the 20th Century seem to be reaching their zenith, this new vision is being born in the hearts and minds of men and women of European descent. The New Century, the Great New Century is starting to take shape, even as we speak.
Sometimes this new vision expresses itself in unexpected places. Military writer William Lind has glimpsed a portion of that vision which he describes in his essay “From Nightmare 1995 to My Utopian 2050." Let me share a part of that vision with you.
THE TRIUMPH of the Recovery was marked most clearly by the burning of the Episcopal bishop of Maine.
She was not a particularly bad bishop. She was, in fact, quite typical of Episcopal bishops of the first quarter of the 21 st century: agnostic, compulsively political and radical, and given to placing a small idol of Isis on the altar when she said the Communion service. By 2037, when she was tried for heresy, convicted, and burned, she had outlived her era. By that time only a handful of Episcopalians still recognized female clergy, and it would have been easy enough to let the old fool rant out her final years in obscurity. But we are a people who do our duty.
I well remember the crowd that gathered for the execution, solemn but not sad, relieved that at last, after so many years of humiliation, the majority had taken back the culture. Civilization had recov-
ered its nerve. The flames that soared above the lawn before the Maine state-house that August afternoon were, as the bishopess herself might have said, liberating.
In this Year of Our Lord 2050 we Victorians have the blessed good fortune to live once again in an age of accomplishment and decency. Most of the nations that cover the territory of > the former United States are starting to get things working again. The cultural revival we began is spreading outward from our rocky New England soil, displacing savagery with civilization a second time.
I am writing this dowq so you never forget, not you, nor your children, nor their children. You did not go through the war, though you have suffered its consequences. Your children will have grown up in a well-ordered and prosperous country, and that can be dangerously
©1996 National Vanguard Booh Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/ytar
I » *■
comforting. Here, they will at least read w hat happens w hen a people forget w ho they are.
Was the dissolution of the United States inevitable? Ftobably. Right up to the end the coins carried the motto E Pluribus Unum, Just as the last dreadnought of the Imperial and Royal Austro-Hungarian navy was the Viribus Unitis. But the reality for both empires was Ex Uno, Plura.
...It's funny how clearly the American century is marked: 1865 to 1965. The first Civil War made us one nation. After 1965 and another war, we disunited — deconstructed — with equal speed into Blacks, Whites, Hispanics, womyn, gays, victims, oppressors, left-handed albinos, you name it. In three decades we covered the distance that had taken Rome three centuries. As recently as the early 1960s — God, it's hard to believe
Free Speech for May 1996
— America was still the greatest nation on earth, the most powerful, the most productive, the freest, a place of safe homes, dutiful children in good schools, strong families and a hot lunch for orphans. By the 1990s the place had the stench of a Third World country. The cities were ravaged by punks, beggars, and bums. Law applied only to the law-abiding. Schools had become daytime holding pens for illiterate, young savages. Television brought the decadence of Weimar Berlin into every home.
... Then the hammer blows fell. First, the currency collapsed, inflation had been jerking upward for years because the only way the government could manage its massive debt was to pay it off in inflated dollars. People had adjusted as they did in other Third World countries, opening foreign currency accounts, bartering, burying gold in the back yard.
Then, in the spring of 2001, a new administration really opened the valve. By that summer, inflation was running 40 percent per month; by fall, 400 percent. Financial Weimar had followed cultural Weimar. The middle class was wiped out.
By the year 2005, it was obvious that AIDS was spreading fast. Everyone had friends, relatives, neighbors who suddenly were stricken. But the government still pumped out the same old line. Terrified of the gay lobby, officials conspired to reassure the public that there was no cause for alarm, that “ homophobia’ was the real problem.
In fact, the government suppressed evidence to the contrary, fearing to cause panic. They were right. When the Los Angeles Times broke the story that it was spreading by unknown means, the cities emptied. Most people came back, be-
THE DOLLS’ TEA PARTY
This reproduction of an 1872 Harper's Bazar engraving is part of the present Victorian revival in arts, crafts, and architecture This revival, in turn, is part of a nostalgic longing by White people for a more orderly, more civilized world. Although the Victorian Age was a very progressive and productive period, William Und is wrong to suggest that our salvation ties in returning to a bygone era While we should preserve the best values of the past, only a radically new, forw ard looking society can insure our survival as a people
@1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $4Q/yeat
Free Speech for May 1996
cause they had to go to work or starve, though they left the children In the country If they could. People demanded the quarantine of anyone diagnosed as HIV positive. Instead, the government classified the infected as "disabled,* which made any preventive measures illegal discrimination.
In the spring of 2009 the blacks of Newark rose and took over the city....On May 3. Gov. Ephraim Logan of Vermont told the legislature that the federal government no longer represented the people of his state and asked for a vote of secession. Vermont became a republic the next day.
The first Civil War was, on the whole, a gentlemanly affair; the second one wasn't. Here in northern New England we were lucky. Because we didn't have many ethnic divisions, or cults, or Deep Greeners, we didn't have militias shelling the cities and ravaging the suburbs. Bse-where, it was what Lebanon and Yugoslavia and the former Russian empire saw in the late 20th century. The Reconquista drove the Anglos out of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and Southern California; the Anglos drove the Hispanics out of what was left of the American West. Backs and Hispanics in LA. turned on each other, but there were a lot more Hispanics. Korean marines landed in Long Beach to get their people out. ...Bsewhere, it took about 10 years for the hate caused by decades of illegitimate government to work itself out. Not much was left of the cities or the people who had lived there, but most folks in the countryside at least had been able to eat. By 2017, the South had a second Confederacy going. Southern culture had stayed pretty strong, outside the cities anyway. Rorida was a mess, of course, but otherwise Dixie didn't see much fighting.
But it is our New England history that concerns me. We were the luckiest. Maine and New Hampshire quickly followed Vermont into secession, and upstate New York came in too — after ceding New York City to Puerto Rico. We knew we were all in this together, so we formed the Northern Confederation in 2010. Massachusetts was not invited, but in 2011 New Brunswick, Nova Scotia. and Newfoundland joined (Canada didn’t survive into the 21st century). We had some tough economic times, but nobody starved..,.
But it was what happened on the cultural front that really made the difference for us. The Retroculture Movement had been growing quietly since the mid-1990s. It wasn’t political, just individuals and families deciding to live again in the old ways. By the early 2000s there were Retroculture books, magazines, dubs, even special communities for people who wanted to discover how Americans used to live and how to bring back the old ways. Some people liked one period, some another, but gradually more and more found themselves looking to the Victorian era as the model. The Victorians in England
and America had been an astoundlngly productive bunch, building, inventing, creating, conquering — all the things we needed to do again If we were to be civilized people.
The family was the first Victorian institution to make a comeback. With everything else falling apart, people saw pretty quickly how important a family is. That would have happened without Retroculture, but the Retro Movement helped us see how to make families work. We dug out the many books (most written by women) the Victorians had published on how to make a good home, raise children and live together happily (the secret was sacrificing the late 20th century's god, the self).
...The schools came next. We tossed out the vast accretion ofH professional* educators and found ordinary men and women who knew their subjects and were dedicated to passing on the culture to a new generation. The kids learned to read with Mr. McGaffey's readers....They learned the difference between right and wrong or got their bottoms fanned until they did.
We deconstructed most of the universities. After all, they had started this * mul-ticulturalism” hysteria that ended up with millions of people dead in the wars that followed. The ideologues gone, real scholars emerged from hiding and began offering Greek and Latin and the great books of Western civilization to anyone who wanted to learn.
...As the Victorian spirit spread, standards were revived. Communities decided that some things were acceptable and some weren’t. Crime w asn't; w ith justice locally controlled and the lawyers digging potatoes, somebody who mugged on Tuesday hanged on Wednesday. Entertainment was expected to be decent. In a world that had grown ugly enough, there was small desire for ugliness in art and music as well. The Victorian entertainments were revived, and young people in particular went in heavily for choral singing. The last rock concert was held in 2013 in the Cleveland arena. ...By the mid-2020s, people had started to speak of the Recovery. Things were starting to work again, at least for us up north. And it was obvious why: The Victorian spirit, and Victorian practices, were making them work.
...In gratitude to our Victorian exemplars, the Northern Confederation became, in the year 2035 A.D., the nation of Victoria.
...And so it was that in 2037 we burned the bishopess. We knew this act would close and seal the old book, the book that had seen us go from decay to dissolution to Recovery. The auto-da-fe was symbolic; the Recovery was in fact already on solid ground or we wouldn't have had the moral fiber to torch the old girl.
We are hopeful as we look to the future, and not only here In Victoria. Victorian parties are growing fast in other nations in North America, in the Confederacy and
3
In Trans-Mississippi. Only in Nueva Espana, where California's old Hispanic Party is locked in bitter warfare with the Indian revivalist Aztec Alliance does It look hopeless. Bsewhere, there is even talk of some kind of a new union, much looser, of course, built on shared values and culture, not a shared public trough.
But there will never be another Washington. We have learned, after all, some lessons from history.
That is a part of the vision. The author, William Lind, is a conservative, and because of that he does not feel the full, radical reality of the next century in his heart as we do. And I have left out a few of the token bones he throws to the racial minorities, and some of his more ridiculous Victorian anachronisms. But the Victorians of the past, for all their faults, were a mostly healthy European people working out their destiny with stunning progress in almost every field of human endeavor, and it is to them and their heritage that we owe almost all the progress of our century. Lind sees a part of the future: the defeat of multicultural-ism, new nations built on racial and cultural unity, a reawakening of European culture in the West, and a total rejection of the liberal worldview symbolized by the execution of the radical feminist bishop.
Let us look at another vision of the future, this one posted widely on the Internet and disguised as a contemporary or near-future news item:
SCORES KILLED, HUNDREDS INJURED AS PARAMILITARY EXTREMISTS RIOT
BOSTON, April 20 — National guard units seeking to confiscate a cache of recently banned assault weapons were ambushed on April 19th by elements of a paramilitary extremist faction. Military and law enforcement sources estimate that 72 were killed and more than 200 injured before government forces were compelled to withdraw.
Speaking after the clash, Massachusetts Governor Thomas Gage declared that the extremist faction, which was made up of local citizens, has links to the radical right-wing tax protest movement. Gage blamed the extremists for recent incidents of vandalism directed against internal revenue offices.
The governor, w ho described the group's organizers as "criminals," issued an executive order authorizing the summary arrest of any individual who has interfered with the government's efforts to secure law and order.
©J996 National Vanguard Book* Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
4
Free Speech for May 1996
The military raid on tha extremist arsenal foNoatd widespread refusal by the local eftlzanry to turn over recently outlawed assault weapons. Gage Issued a ban on mSitary-etyte assault weapons and ammunition earlier In the week. This decision followed a meeting In early April between government and military leaders al which the governor authorized the forcible confiscation of illegal arms. One government official, speaking on condition of anonymity, pointed out that * none of these people would have been
killed had the extremists obeyed the law and turned over their weapons voluntarily."
Government troops initially succeeded in confiscating a large supply of outlawed weapons and ammunition. However, troops attempting to seize arms and ammunition in Lexington met with resistance from heavily-armed extremists who had been tipped off regarding the government's plans.
During a tense standoff in Lexington's town park, National Guard Colonel Fran-
cis Smith, commander of the government operation, ordered the armed group to surrender and return to their homes Th* impasse was broken by a single shot which was reportedly fired by one of the right-wing extremists.
Gght civilians were killed in the ensuing exchange. Ironically, the local citizenry blamed government forces rather than the extremists for the civilian deaths Before order could be restored, armed citizens from surrounding areas had descended upon the guard units. Colonel Smith, finding his forces overmatched by the armed mob, ordered a retreat. Governor Gage has called upon citizens to support the state/national joint task force in its effort to restore law and order The governor has also demanded the surrender of those responsible for planning and leading the attack against the government troops. Samuel Adams, Paul Revere, and John Hancock, have been identified as “ringleaders" of the right wing extremists.
As illustrated by the two selections above, America’s future is bound tightly to her past. We Americans are a unique blend of European genes, forged in hardship, in conquest, in exploration, and in our world-historical battle for freedom and independence for our people. We are restless and unhappy as worker-drones living in a Third World province of the Jewish elite’s New World Order. It seems unlikely to me that our genetic qualities and our cultural inheritance can be obliterated by one or two generations of Jewish television.
In the historic task of building a New America, it will fall to us to be examples for our media-befuddled brothers. We who are awakened to our great destiny must spread that awakening, that consciousness of the future, to others. That is the task of the National Alliance, of this newsletter, and of our radio program, American Dissident Voices.
Be a part of that future. Join with us, and through your support we will reach out to more and more White Americans and make the patriotic resistance so strong that none of the enemy’s lies or laws can stop us. Join us and together we will build a New America and a New Age. Not the "New Age" of the deluded “liberal" witch doctors now vending a new mixture of Communism and superstition to an ignorant delusionanat; but a New Age of steel and diamonds — the steel of the White Man's will and the diamonds of his genius. It will he a New Age in which the productive and the great will be rewarded and not penalized tor
CITIZEN SOLDIERS
The Minute Man of the Massachusetts militia ware tha radicals of their day Thay fought for independence and freedom They did not bleed and die to that America could one day become a pi wines in the empire of the New World Order Will history repeat itself? No one knows for sure However, as Thomae Jefferson observed, " The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time by the blood of patriots and tyrants "
fD1996 Nutu/mtl Vanguard Bauiu Bati 330 Htllibae WV 24946 ffO/yrar
Free Speech for May 1996
5
their gilts; a New Age in which all that was good in the Old America will be restored and in which the seeds of alien subversion will never be allowed to take root again.
Surround yourselt with the sounds of Chopin and Liszt and Wagner and Verdi and Schumann. Fill your family’s ears with the sounds of Mozart and Haydn and be imbued with the European race-soul. Cover your walls with the greatest artworks of the West, with Waterhouse and Rosetti and Bierstadt, with Breker and Raphael and with the images of the Classical world where our people’s culture was born. Fill your bookshelves with the greatest works of all time, by all those so-called “dead White European males” and not with the Jewish pop-junk of the present. Immerse yourself in the grandeur and greatness of the world that once was ours, the world that men and women of our kind built from nothing and will build again on the ruins of the plastic, ugly thing that America has become.
Immerse yourself in the grandeur and greatness of the world that once was ours.
Revel in Nature, and in the too-few old-growth forests that remain. Recapture the race-memories of the Titan northern woods where our race evolved. When you visit our once-great cities, ignore the concrete and glass blocks that our enemies openly call the “international” style of architecture, and gaze with pride upon the last century’s still-standing magnificent creations of the European mind — and cast your eyes upward so that you do not see the filthy undermen swarming on the street. Instead, imagine the streets filled with the gentlemen and ladies of a new American millennium.
The first step to our rebirth begins with you. Remake your lives. Remake yourselves into what you were meant to be. And together we will make history.
This article U based on the American Dissi-dent Voices program, “Visions of die Fw uue,” aired on April 27, 1996. A cassette recording of tin* braodcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid.
A Triune
Three Short Essays
by Kevin Alfred Strom
Questionable Advice
I seldom write about money and investment in this newsletter; it isn't what I want to focus on. But when questionable advice is being vended in ostensibly patriotic forums someone has to speak out, and apparently no one else is willing to do so.
Patriotic, anti-establishment radio shows are still a tiny percentage of the media immersion that most Americans undergo daily. To those who have figured out that the major media are controlled, however, listening to patriotic radio shows like American Dissident Voices has become an increasingly important alternative source of information.
No one who has studied the genre of patriotic radio could possibly have escaped the precious-metal salesmen. They seem to be everywhere, hawking their gold and silver. Sometimes they sponsor worthwhile commentaries or information. Sometimes they sponsor frauds with a predilection for seeing flying saucers behind every cloud and evil “fascists” under every bed. Sometimes there isn't any commentary except a thinly-disguised rationale for buying more gold.
Now 1 am not against buying gold or silver. There is a very remote possibility that the whole economic system will come tumbling down suddenly and our trading stamp currency will quickly lose its value. And in such a case it might be nice to have some precious metals to barter for necessities — though in most cases it might be better to have the necessities themselves. But, while I freely acknowledge that America and the West are in a state of decline toward a Mexico-or Guatemala-like scenario, 1 think the likelihood of a sudden collapse is very low. Right-wing cranks have been predicting such a collapse for as long as I have had contact with right-wing cranks — almost 30 years — and it hasn’t happened yet. These right-wingers know and
rightly proclaim that our enemies have largely taken over our nation. But they fail to realize that the last thing those enemies want is an economic collapse. We are far more likely to see the elite get richer and richer and White American workers be driven into poverty and the cultural margins. But the produce-and-consume treadmill is very unlikely to stop turning. It still turns in Mexico and Guatemala, for example. I fail to see how putting your capital into gold is going to help you much in this far-more-probable scenario.
The argument is made by the gold salesmen that an investment in gold will protect you from inflation, and that is true to some extent. We have had inflation in this country for a long time, ever since we gave the bankers and the politicians free rein on the money taps. And there is no doubt it will get worse as real productivity falls because of our increasingly Third-Wo rid population. And there is no doubt that inflation is theft — a cruel theft from the thrifty, the productive, from those who believe in the politician’s promises.
Let us look at one area where the gold salesmen are right. Let us see how ownership of gold can protect you from inflation.
I will quote from an ad from one of these precious-metals Firms, which shall remain nameless:
Gold: The Only Real Money
In 1933, $560.00 cash would be enough money to buy yourself a new Ford Deluxe. OR... You could buy it with 26 $20 liberty (gold] coins. (28 coins times $20 - $560)
In 1995, $560.00 cash would hardly make a down payment on a Ford Taurus.... BUT... 28 $20 Liberty [gold] coins could still buy one! (28 coins times $470 | $13,160)
Now this ad is true enough. They are not lying. Buying and holding gold would have protected you from inflation and preserved your purchasing power.
But what they aren't telling you is that

Free Speech for May 1996
"Gold will climb to $3,000-$5,000 by 1999”
James Dines* The original Gold Bugl Tho Fgnnomv: "Matters are hopelessly out ol control. The budget, the deficit, banks S&L'i debts... within 12-24 months we're facing disaster!"
inflation- "Hyperinflation Is now a real possibility. Even If we’re lucky, we’ll stfll lace 15-30% Inflation rates."
Gold; "In the future, $2,000 will seem a cheap price. Below $400, it's a steal. There's no fever like gold fever,"
FREE GOLD AND SILVER SURVIVAL KIT
Pacific Rim Trading
Gold, Silver, Platinum, & Numismatic Coins
■	Low Prices, Always Competitive (Discounts for Volume)
■	Family Owned & Operated No Commissions
■	Complimentary Newsletter (Populist. Christian Perspective)
■	Published Price Sheet
■	Fast, Confidential Delivery (No Computer Records Kept)
LOW, LOW PRICES V
BEFORE YOU BUY - CALL & COMPARE! *
BULLION 90% and 40% Silver Bags I % above spot. Silver Eagles 1.60 above spot. GOLD-Krugcrrands, Coronas, Brinish Sovereigns, Mcx. 50 Pesos 2% above spot PLATINUM-Koalas, Maples, and Nobles 5% above spot.

NON-REGULATED GOLD
NGC and PCGS uncirculated $20 St. Gaudcns and Libcriics only 6% above wholesale cost. Circulated St. Gaudcns and Liberties only 5% above wholesale cost delivered.
OR SELL, ALWAYS THE MOST COMPETITIVE PRICE VOLUME DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE • CALL FOR CURRENT QUOTES
■ vw, - +All prices sub feci to markeHhictualion and availability - -	'	■
ml
For EAST

PRECIOUS-METALS ADVERTISEMENTS Both right-wing and mainstream periodicals contain advertisements for gold and silver. These met aft have both an aesthetic and intrinsic value, but only limited worth as a financial investment. However, it might be prudent to have a small cache of precious metals for a worst-case scenario of economic collapse.
other investments, the common type of “ paper* investments, that the gold-sales-men are so fond of disparaging would have done better — much, much better over the same period of time.
Yes, if you had enough money to buy
a car in 1933, say $560, and you bought and held gold instead, you would today still have enough to buy a car: more than $13,000. The gold would have held its value while money stuffed in your mattress would not.
But — if you took that $560 and invested it in the average New York Stock Exchange common stock in 1933 you would today have enough money to buy 585 cars, or roughly 7.5 million dollars. That is a return of 16 per cent per year, which is particulariy good because the gold-salesmen picked a starting year, 1933, which just happened to be the bottom of the stock market cycle. But no matter what year you pick, over the long term investment in productive enterprise has widely outperformed investment in gold.
Does that mean that no one should buy gold, ever? No. A very small percentage of your assets might wisely be put into gold and\or silver as a “just in case” hedge against unthinkable disaster. But don’t expect to make much if any money with it. And in my opinion it would be very foolish to put most of your portfolio into precious metals. You’ll be throwing away money, and I want all patriotic White people to have as much wealth as possible. We will all need it in the terrible times ahead. We will need it for ourselves and our families, of course, but we will also need it to fund the White resistance to the New World Order.
We’re building that resistance now. Investigate what I have said, and when you discover that I am right, send a donation to National Vanguard Books out of the tens of thousands 1 have saved you today. Building the patriotic resistance is the best investment that anyone can make.
Slavery in Israel
You hear a lot about Black slavery, even though it has not existed in this country for 130 years. You hear a lot about the slave labor used by Germany more than half a century ago. Every now and then you hear about the slavery and near-slavery that is still endemic in much of the Third World.
You almost never hear about the very real White Slavery that existed right alongside Black slavery, though 1 have discussed it on this program more than once.
But 1 am almost certain that you
01996 Nativnd Vanpund £Wt* Dm 330 HilUburu WV 24946 $4Q/*m
Free Speech for May 1996
7
haw never heard of the slave labor of White people that is happening right now in the state of Israel. 1 am talking about White people literally enslaved by leu's. It was brought to light by a Jewish Journalist in Israel named Schlomo Abra-movitch and published in the Israeli publication Yedior Aharonot in March of last year.
In parts of Eastern Europe the economy is devastated and White people are destitute, on the edge of starvation, and eating by scavenging garbage. A Romanian man, identified only as Dimitri K., said he could earn only $95 per month m Romania, so he was easy pickings for Israeli so-called “recruiters" who promised him higher wages.
What he discovered was that, once in Israel, his real status was that of a slave, who is paid only what his master thinks will suffice to barely sustain him, and who has no rights whatsoever. Dimitri was taken to work at a metal plant in Ashkelon. When they were only paid about one fourth of what they were promised by the "recruiter," he and eight other workers there dared to protest.
The workers were kidnapped, taken to a secret location, and beaten. “They tied a bag over my head, viciously pulled me outside, and took me to a pickup truck parked near the entrance" of the one room apartment he shared with six other slaves. "I did not see who they were, but at least one of them was a real hooligan. He swung me like a chicken and threw me onto the pickup truck. The beatings began immediately afterward. One of the kidnappers told me I was paying for inciting my comrades to go on strike." After the beatings, it was somehow arranged for Dimitri K. and the other troublesome slaves to be officially deported from Ben-Gurion airport. After all, there are plenty more White people tike Dimitri, starving and willing to believe what the Jewish “recruiter" tells them.
The Israeli government admits that as many as 100,000 workers like Dimitri, many of them White Europeans, are brought into the Jewish state by such “recruiters." The practice is technically illegal, but little is done about it because so many Jews profit not only from the trade in human flesh, but from the cheap labor and high living and high profits it means for some Israeli Jews. The Jewish author of this revealing report states that
these people are “employed under slave-labor conditions in factories, workshops, restaurants, and in private homes. Employers exploit the fact that, if the workers disclosed their working conditions, they could be deported. People are sold like slaves by one employer to another for large amounts of money.” Slave women are used sexually by their so-called “employers" but have no legal recourse except escape and recapture by police. If the “employer” has used the workers for a while and wants to get out of even paying the customary slave wages, no problem: he can just turn over his slaves to the police and they’ll be deported and out of his hair.
Sadly, more and more White people from Eastern Europe are caught up in this slave trade by their own desperation: the “recruiters” promise a wage well above what is available in the wrecked economies of their homelands, which in painful irony were once ruled by Jewish Communism, and are now stripped bare by predatory capitalists, many of them Jewish. Now the Jews take possession of the people themselves.
If the American government had an ounce of decency, it would immediately end all aid to the Jewish state and do everything in its power to help our poor blood brothers in Eastern Europe.
Ethnic Neighborhoods
In Perth Amboy, New Jersey, Jews are getting aggressive in trying to keep their neighborhood Jewish.
Like the rest of urban America, Perth Amboy is going the way of the Third World, with non-Whites and especially mestizo Mexicans moving in and taking over. More than 62% of Perth Amboy residents now speak a language other than English at home. And Jews, although they bear a large share of the responsibility for turning America over to the savages, as far as their personal choices of where to live and work are concerned don’t act very differently from members of the Ku Klux Klan. They have moved away from Perth Amboy in droves, looking, as it were, for Winter pastures.
Like the few Whites left in inner cities across America, these Jews are an aging and worried bunch. The youngest mem-
ber of their Shaarey Tefiloh synagogue, for example, is 48 years old. All the young Jews have fled. But unlike White Americans, Jews are allowed to do something about it. And they apparently have substantial sums of money to fund their program.
Shaarey Tefiloh synagogue is offering $2,500 to Jews willing to relocate to Perth Amboy and, in their words, “revitalize the community.” These “pioneering families” will, in addition to the $2,500 cash, receive a year of synagogue dues paid for them, and free transportation to exclusive Jewish schools. Also, the synagogue will help arriving Jews find jobs. Is it possible that these Jews would give their fellow Jews preference in hiring for desirable jobs? Perish the thought.
This sort of thing isn’t only happening in Perth Amboy. Jews who move to Edgewood Park in New Haven, Connecticut, get $5,000 interest-free. In Elmont, New York, Jews escaping the results of what their ancestors have done to the former Soviet Union are given special benefits to encourage their immigration there.
Joseph Vas, whose ethnic background I do not know, is the mayor of Perth Amboy. He stands 100% behind the effort to bring more Jews to his city. He states that the synagogue’s efforts coincide with Perth Amboy’s revival. Alan Goldsmith, of the Shaarey Tefiloh synagogue, states, “I’m hoping to bring Perth Amboy to a thriving Jewish community again as it was in the past."
Now all of this was brought to my attention as the result of a glowing article in USA Today. Do you think the media would have given such a positive, upbeat account of this effort to keep up the Jewish population in certain areas if the principals in the story had, instead of Jews, been ordinary White Americans?
Can you imagine the media reaction, if say, Kevin Strom was quoted as stating that by his efforts “I’m hoping to bring Detroit to a thriving White community as it was in the past"? What would Dan Rather and Tom Brokaw think if the National Alliance were offering cash payments or $5,000 interest-free loans to White families for the express purpose of increasing the percentage of White people in a given area. What would Bill Clinton say if asked to comment on a National Alliance program which offered
Free Speech for May 1996
White families free transportation to special all-White schools in an effort to attract new White residents? What would he say to a program that promised good jobs to White people in return for keeping the city White?
Well, you all know what they would say. 1 don't need to tell you. It seems that George Orwell was right after all: When all animals are equal, some are more equal than others. Why do you put up with it?
In this article I have covered three subjects briefly, instead of one subject in greater detail. 1 do this occasionally but not often. I would like to know what you think about it. Write to me with your comments. Our address is below.
I would like to leave you with the words of the great aviator and patriot Charles Lindbergh: “It is our turn to guard our heritage from Mongol and Persian and Moor, before we become engulfed in a limitless foreign sea.... All foreign races stir restlessly. It is time to turn from our quarrels and build our White ramparts again."
This article is based on. the American Dissident Voices program, “Questioable Advice,” aired on May 4,1996. A cassette recording on this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid._______
FS/ADV News
KCTA Pulls Plug on ADV
Corpus Christi, Texas, station KCTA, which had been part of our American Dissident Voices network since March, dropped out this month. The station manager explained that KCTA is a Christian station, carrying mostly Christian programming, and that several Christian listeners had complained about our programs.
The unfortunate fact is that a high percentage of the independent radio stations not owned by Jews on which we can buy time for ADV are similar to KCTA. These stations do not use network programming; instead they sell time to independent programmers, the majority of whom are Bibie-bealers of one stripe or another.
New Publisher for The Turner Diaries
A major New York publisher, Lyle Stuart, has purchased the publishing rights to The Turner Diaries. Stuart’s Barricade Books is planning a first printing of60,000 copies of a trade paperback edition to be released on May 20th. The new edition is priced at $12 and will be available at most major bookstores. A limited number of the mass-market National Vanguard Books edition of the Turner Diaries are still available at $12.95 plus $3 for postage and handling.
The new edition of the book has provoked an immediate reaction from the advocates of thought control. Morris Dees of the so-called Southern Poverty Law Center has been writing letters to the large book distributors urging them not to handle the book. He and other thought controllers want the book to remain an “underground” publication,
with all of the sinister connotions that such a status implies. They are very unhappy to see TD moving into the mainstream and lose its aura of danger and illegality. To date, Waldenbooks is the only major bookseller to acquiesce to Dees’ call for censorship. Even this com-plience may be shortlived if Walden sees any significant sales lost to other booksellers.
Position Available
National Vanguard Books is looking for an assistant editor. Applicants should understand and support the editorial positions of Free Speech/American Dissident Voices. A strong background in desktop publishing and a willingness to relocate to rural West Virginia are also required. Interested persons should send a cover letter, writing sample, and resume to the address below.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Both an introductory survey and a comprehensive reference work on the racial aspects of American society, The Dispossessed Majority, by Wilruot. Robertson, is must reading for any student of race. Subjects covered by the book include demography, history, law, politics, economics, and foreign affairs. You will want this third revised, hardcover edition for your library, $25 plus $3 postage and handling.
Free Speech for May 1996
9
Proving White Is Black
Reform of Our Legal System Is Long Overdue
by Dr. William Pierce
I have written before about the breakdown of the judicial system in this country. Right after the O.J. Simpson trial last year 1 pointed out that the courts in America have become terminally corrupt. I gave you an example of this corruption: the 1992 trial of a young White man named George Loeb in a Florida court. That was a case in which Mr. Loeb and his wife had gone to a supermarket to shop and in the parking lot nearly had their car struck by a car driven by a young Black male. Angry words were exchanged. Then the Black male drove away, and the Loebs did their shopping.
When the Loebs returned to their car, the Black male drove back into the parking lot, this time with a Black friend. He got out of his car and approached the Loebs’ car on foot. He had a brick in his hand and was screaming that he intended to smash Mr. Loeb’s head in with the bride Mr. Loeb snatched a pistol from the glove compartment of his car and shot the Black dead. It was a clear case of self-defense.
A Jewish prosecutor, however, charged Mr. Loeb with murder, and he was put on trial. With the permission of a cooperative judge, the prosecutor read to the jury personal correspondence which had been illegally seized from Mr. Loeb's home. The correspondence revealed that Mr. Loeb had a strong dislike for Blacks. It revealed that he was a “White racist."
The jury did the Politically Correct thing and found Mr. Loeb guilty of murder. Then the judge did the Politically Correct thing and sentenced him to life in prison.
At the time 1 told you about the Loeb trial I pointed out that similarly horrifying things happen in our court system all the time, and that the average person never hears about them. I pointed out that the O.J. Simpson trial was unusual only in the amount of publicity it received, but not in its failure to yield a just verdict.
Now let’s talk about another recent trial which illustrates my point. That’s the New York trial of Bernhard Goetz. Perhaps you remember when this case First came to public attention, 12 years ago. Goetz, a 36-year-old electronics engineer, was riding the New York subway when four Black thugs approached him and demanded that he give them money. Goetz responded in a perfectly reasonable way: he pulled out his revolver and shot all four of them. Unfortunately, he didn’t kill them, although he did cripple one of them. The three Blacks who weren’t crippled recovered and continued their lives of crime. And New York being what it is, Goetz was arrested and charged with attempted murder for protecting himself. He was also charged with having a weapon to defend himself. He ended up going to prison for the better part of a year for possessing a gun to defend himself.
And then a couple of Jewish lawyers from the Communist-front National Lawyers Guild, William Kunstler and Ronald Kuby, sued Mr. Goetz on behalf of one of the Blacks who had tried to rob him. The case dragged through the courts, using up all of Mr. Goetz’ savings. Kunstler died during the process, but Kuby persevered. The case finally went to the jury last month: a Bronx, New York, jury of four Blacks and two Puerto Ricans. The jury decided that Mr. Goetz should pay $43 million to the Black who had tried to rob him — forty-three million dollars! The Jewish lawyer gloated over the verdict and crowed that it “sends a message to all racists with guns who think young Black lives are worth nothing. They*re worth a lot."
Score another loss for decent folks. Score another win for the Clintonistas. Score another win for the forces of corruption and destruction. Score another win for the Jews.
You know, I don’t want to create the impression that 1 believe that the destruction of America's system of justice is entirely the Jews’ doing. They certainly
are heavily involved in it. They were heavily involved — decisively involved — in all three cases I’ve cited as examples of what’s happened to our judicial system: the O.J. Simpson trial, the George Loeb trial, and the Bernhard Goetz trial. Jews are heavily involved in the corruption and destruction of every aspect of our civilization. It’s in their nature. But to be frank, our legal system was in serious trouble even before the Jews became involved in it.
Nearly three centuries ago — 270 years ago to be exact — the English writer Jonathan Swift wrote of the lawyers of his day that they are “men . . . bred up from their youth in the art of proving by words multiplied for the purpose that white is black, and black is white, according as they are paid.” Swift went on to give a satirical illustration of the way the court system worked in the England of his day. I’ll quote just a few words of what he wrote. It’s from his best-known book, Gulliver's Travels, and I’m paraphrasing it a bit. Swift explained:
My neighbor ... I will suppose, has a mind to my cow; he hires ... [a lawyer] to prove that he ought to have my cow from me. I must then hire another of them to defend my right, it being against all rules of law that any man should be allowed to speak for himself. Now in this case, I who am the right owner lie under two great disadvantages. First, my advocate, being as I said before practiced almost from his cradle in defending falsehood, is quite out of his element when he would argue for right, which as an office unnatural he attempts with great awkwardness, if not with an ill will. The second disadvantage is that my advocate must proceed with great caution, for since the maintenance of so many depends on the keeping up of business, should he proceed too summarily, if he does not incur the displeasure of his superiors, he is sure to gain the ill will and hatred of his brethren as being by them esteemed one that would lessen the practice of the law.
This being the case, I have but two methods to preserve my cow. The first Is to gain over my adversary's advocate with a double tee .... The second way is tor my advocate not to insist on the
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/ytar
justice of my cause, by allowing the cow to belong to my adversary; and this if it be dexterously and skilfully done will go a great way toward obtaining a favorable verdict, it having been found from a careful observation of issues and events that the wrong side, under the management of such practitioners, has the fairer chance for success....
It is a maxim among these lawyers that whatever hath been done before may legally be done again, and therefore they take special care to record all the decisions formerly made against common justice and the general reason of mankind. These, under the name of precedents, they produce as authorities to justify the most iniquitous opinions....
In pleading they studiously avoid entering into the merits of the cause, but are loud, violent, and tedious in dwelling on all circumstances which are not to the purpose. For instance, in the case already mentioned they never desire to know what claim my adversary hath to my cow, but whether the said cow were red or black, her horns long or short, w hether the field I graze her in be round or square, whether she were milked at home or abroad, what diseases she is subject to, and the like. After which, they consult precedents, adjourn the cause from time to time, and in ten, twenty, or thirty years come to an issue.
Now Swift, as 1 mentioned, was a satirist, but there was much truth in what he wrote about the lawyers and the judicial system of three hundred years ago. It is striking how little that system has changed between Swift's day and ours.
Four hundred years ago, at a time when there were no Jews at all in England, Shakespeare had one of the characters in his play King Henry VI say, “The first thing we do, let’s kill all the lawyers.* And that expression of popular sentiment was already widespread in Shakespeare's day — and not without reason.
The basic problem is that our legal profession never has been a profession devoted to justice, but rather to arguing, as Swift noted, that white is black or black is white, according as its practitioners are paid. The principal aim of the profession is the enrichment of lawyers, and the court system functions accordingly. And the lawyers who become judges and rule over this system tend not to be the most just, but rather the slickest, slyest, and most ambitious men of their profession.
It was a bad system to start with, and that's our fault. It’s something we really
€>1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
JONATHAN SWIFT, 1667-1745 The famous Anglo-Irish satirist, Jonathan Swift, lampooned lawyers three hundred years ago
Free Speech for May 1996
must straighten out by ourselves one of these days. But it has been made much, much worse by the Jewish influx into the system during this century. It has gotten to the point now where Blacks can literally get away with murder, if they have the money to hire a clever lawyer and if they can get a preponderance of Blacks on the jury. And Whites can expect to be crucified by the system, in any case where race is an issue, if they either cannot afford to pay a sufficiently clever and aggressive lawyer, or if they are unfortunate enough to have a preponderance of non-Whites on their jury. Poor Bernhard Goetz suffered both from an incompetent lawyer — a Jewish lawyer, incidentally, just like his adversary's lawyer — and
from a non-White jury. The fellow’s life has been ruined because he dared to resist a gang of Black muggers.
Now, all of this does not mean that it is impossible for a White person to get justice in our courts. If one is lucky, one will not have the unfortunate circumstances that George Loeb and Bernhard Goetz had. And of course, it helps a great deal to be rich. Those who are very wealthy can still hope to buy justice in the courts — if they don’t live in a place like New York or Los Angeles, of course. There are still a few honorable and competent lawyers in the profession. I know some of them personally. There may even be an honest judge or two left in the system, who still put the law above Politi-
takespeare h#s Dick the rebel say iis line struck a responsive chord
616	g	jo,	I0*
"Thefirst	as
t ith audience®
WILLIAM

0
SHAKE—
<D] 996 National Vanguard
Dux 31°

V/V24
94o
$40/yeu 1
11
»f
)U
imagine what it will be like in another 50 years, when Whites will be a minority in America? Imagine that you’ve been obliged to shoot a Black or Mexican burglar in your home or to defend your wife against a gang of non-White attackers. Imagine a Jewish prosecutor then forcing you to stand trial before a jury which has a non-White majority. A frightening prospect, isn’t it, regardless of whether or not the prosecutor will introduce any evidence that your opinions on racial matters are not Politically Correct?
One would think that the legal profession itself would have tried to keep matters from becoming as bad as they have, if only from self-interest. They understand as well as anyone that when the public loses its last traces of confidence in the system of justice, the lawyers will be in trouble. But instead of trying to keep the system working, they have let it be corrupted even further by Jewish pressure groups pushing for what they call “hate crime” legislation. We’ve all heard this yammering in the media about the need for new laws to stop “hate crimes.” The Jewish groups doing the pushing — groups such as the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, the Simon Wie-senthal Center, and the so-called Southern Poverty Law Center — are referred to respectfully by the media as “human rights organizations,” but that's a terrible misnomer. These organizations are working to take away our rights. They want to make it illegal to say anything they don’t like. Anything they don’t like they call “hate speech.” In the past they used to apply behind-the-scenes pressure in order to stifle any views they didn’t like. They would approach publishers and demand that any book they deemed hostile to their own interests be withdrawn from publication. They wrote to librarians and demanded that books they didn't like be taken off the shelves. They contacted the owners of bookstores with the same demand.
In fact, they’re still engaged in this sort of secret censorship. The Southern Poverty Law Center and other Jewish organizations right now are putting pressure on bookstore chains in an effort to keep one of my books, The Turner Diaries, out of Circulation. They like to wave
1 i A »\‘i<inn «llHi ilUOtC UOIW
it around on television auu 1
everyone what a dangerous
it and tell book it is,
what a racist book it is. but
1T\H; SrPTiCl l tor May 1996
I Correctness.
Nevertheless, those of us who have ruy modest means must look at an ^counter with the legal justice system in unerica ahout like a game of Russian oulette, especially where there is any !%cial issue. Wc ve seen over and over again, and not just in the O.J. Simpson trial, the reluctance of Blade juries to convict Black criminals for offenses against Whites. And we’ve seen the same sort of racially motivated verdicts when ’Whites are tried by non-White juries. The fact is that non-AX/hite jurors usually have a strong sense of racial consciousness. They vote in accordance with their racial feelings instead of in accordance with the law and the evidence.
And ’WTiite jurors, unfortunately, lack this sense of racial consciousness. They are far more likely to vote in a
Politically Correct manner, as they did in the George Lock case, or to let themselves he intimidated into going along with the Blacks, as was the case with the two White women on the O.J. Simpson jury. White Americans have heen so brainwashed and hrowheaten hy the controlled media that they are afraid to express even the tiniest hit of racial feeling. There is nothing they fear more than heing thought to he “racist.” Some of them have even let their natural racial feelings become inverted: their racial consciousness has become racial self-hatred. They automatically favor the non-White side in any racial issue.
So a judicial system which was bad enough back in the days when America was still a White country has become much, much worse in the racially polarized country we have today. Can you
u
Free Speech for May 1996
they don't want you to be able to read it for yours cl t.
Fortunately, most bookstore owners are becoming resistant to this sort of un-American censorship effort. So these Jewish groups are lobbying the lawyers and the politicians. They want the legislators in Congress to help them abolish the First Amendment.
And they’ve also been lobbying for more laws against what they call “hate crime.* To them George Loeb was a “hate criminal" because he defended himself and his wife against a Black attacker threatening them with a brick. And Bern-hard Goetz is a “hate criminal" because he defended himself against four Black muggers on the subway. White people who defend themselves against Blacks are “hate criminals."
Now, they won’t come right out and state it that plainly, of course. But that’s what they mean when they talk about “hate crime." They want Whites to be afraid to defend themselves. They want White people to be demoralized and intimidated. They want every White person to feel guilty for even thinking about defending himself or his family or his property from the growing flood of non-Whites all around him. That’s what the Jewish lawyer who first bankrupted Bern-hard Goetz with litigation and then got a $43 million judgment against him meant when he gloatingly announced that the verdict of the non-White jury “sends a message to all racists with guns." “You can’t defend yourselves from
us," Kuby was smirking. In effect, he was saying, “If you don’t let us do whatever we want, you’re a hate criminal, and we’ll use the justice system to destroy you.
And in fact, that’s what’s happening. Tlie court system in America has become so corrupt that it is being used by the enemies of our people to take away our most fundamental rights. And those who have corrupted the system are working day and night to institutionalize the corruption. They are working with the politicians to ensure that the shocking miscarriages of justice they obtained in the Loeb trial in Florida and the Goetz trial in New York become the rule everywhere. And the White lawyers and judges are putting up very little resistance. They don’t want to rock the boat. They don’t want to endanger their own positions in the system. They know that anything they say against what is happening will be condemned by the controlled media and by many of their own colleagues as “hate speech.” So they’re permitting the Jews to corrupt the system and in many cases are even helping them.
What can we do about this frightening and depressing situation, besides trying our best to avoid any encounter with courts or lawyers? Shall we promise ourselves that if we ever have to shoot a burglar we’ll just get rid of the body and not call the police? Shall we promise ourselves that if we ever have to defend ourselves against a non-White mugger we’ll leave no witnesses alive to testify against us?
No, that’s really not practical in many cases.
The first thing that we can do is stop being frightened and depressed and instead become angry. Our enemies want us to be frightened and depressed. That’s what they intend when they gloat and announce that they’re sending a message to all racists with guns. So instead of being intimidated by this Jewish arrogance, we must become enraged. We must become boiling mad. We must let our anger reinforce our determination to put a final and total end to their corrupt system, no matter what it takes.
And the second thing that we must do is speak up. Don’t remain silent in the face of this Jewish assault on our freedom and on our civilization. When a mostly Black jury frees a Black murderer, as in the O.J. Simpson trial, express your outrage! Don’t be afraid of being called a “racist.” When a White man is punished for defending himself against Black criminals, speak up! Tell people what you think.
That’s what we’re doing with this newsletter. We’re telling people what we think about the destruction of our justice system. And we’re finding that more and more people agree with us.
You speak up too! Don’t be afraid!
This article is based oa the American Dissident Voices progran, “Proving White Is Black,” aired on May 11, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid._________________________
Subscribe to Free Speech
You may have received this copy of Free Speech as a sample issue. If so, you will want your own subscription.
You can receive twelve issues for only $40.
Your subscription will help to keep you informed, qualify you for quantity discounts on many of our publications, and assist us in buying air time for our radio outreach.
Be part of the solution — subscribe today!
National Vanguard Books
©1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $4Q/ytar
Free Speech for May 1996
13
The Jewish Double Standard
The Controlled Media Judge Jews and Gentiles by Different Standards
by Kevin Alfred Strom
The most outrageous double standard in the world today is the different ways by which Jews and non-Jews are judged in the court of “public opinion," which really means the court of the controlled media. Let me begin by quoting from a wire service dispatch of April 19th:
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department began deportation proceedings Friday against a retired radio broadcaster who edited several anti-Semitic, pro-Nazi newspapers in Hungary during World War II.
Ferenc Koreh, 86, a retired Radio Free Europe producer and broadcaster from Englewood, N.J., was served an order to show cause why he should not be deported.
By helping publish anti-Semitic articles, Koreh “assisted in the persecution of Hungarian Jews by fostering a climate of anti-Semitism in Northern Transylvania which conditioned the Hungarian public to acquiesce, to encourage, and to carry out the abominable anti-Semitic policies of the Hungarian government in the early 1940s," a three-judge panel of the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia ruled last year. The panel unanimously upheld a lower court order stripping Koreh of his U.S. citizenship.... The show cause order, served by the department’s Nazi-hunting Office of Special Investigations and the Immigration and Naturalization Service's Newark, N.J., office, seeks Koreh's deportation for assisting in persecution on the basis of race, religion, national origin, and politicad opinion and for lying about his wartime activities to get into the United States in 1950.
Koreh’s number is unlisted and his last known attorney did not immediately return a telephone message.
In June 1994, at the request of the special investigations office, U.S, District Judge Maryanne Trump Barry of Newark stripped Koreh of the U.S. citizenship he had obtained in 1956.
She found that Koreh’s admitted work as founder and "responsible editor” of Szekely Nep, an anti-Semitic and anti-American newspaper in Nazi-allied Hungary, from 1941-44 constituted "advocacy and assistance in persecution” and “ membership and participation
in a movement hostile to the United States."
She characterized the articles as "poison" which portrayed Jews as "alien elements with diabolical skills" and as being "traitorous, unscrupulous, cheating ... throughout... Hungarian history" and advocated the "de-jewification of Hungarian life" since "a final solution may be achieved only by deporting Jewish elements."
Eli Rosenbaum, director of the special investigations office, said that "propagandists such as Koreh laid the foundation for Nazi genocide by fostering a climate of hate in which inhumane measures could be carried out without protest."
Fifty-three Americans have been stripped of their citizenship and 45 have been deported from the United States, sometimes to face political trials in hostile countries, by the “Office of Special Investigations," an agency of Jewish vengeance paid for by your tax dollars.
Need I note the irony of Eli Rosenbaum et al. stripping this Hungarian journalist, Ferenc Koreh, of his citizenship and trying to deport him for, among other things, “assisting in persecution on the basis...of political opinion"? Need I note the irony in the fact that the most damning thing they can say about Koreh is that he wished Jews (who were opponents in a very real war against his nation at the time) to be deported?
What was Koreh doing but expressing a political opinion, an opinion shared by a large percentage of his countrymen at the time?
What was Koreh doing but writing and publishing articles? Sure, the articles were displeasing to some Jews, but is this now or has this ever been a crime in the United States? Should it be a crime? On what legal basis can Koreh be punished? Of course there is none. It is an illegal proceeding, a star-chamber trial with unconstitutional attainder on Mr. Koreh and his family. And it is happening because you are permitting it.
Now let us look at the other side of the Jewish double standard. Ferenc Koreh can be legally crucified because he
once said things that organized Jewry doesn't like. But organized Jewry can kill innocent children and easily get away with it.
From author Ingrid Rimland we received copies of an important series of articles written by reporter Robert Fisk and published in London’s The Independent. Let me quote to you some excerpts from these articles:
Qana, southern Lebanon — It was a massacre. Not since Sabra and Chatila had I seen the innocent slaughtered like this. The Lebanese refugee women and children and men lay in heaps, their hands or arms or legs missing, beheaded or disemboweled. There were well over a hundred of them. A baby lay without a head. The Israeli shells had scythed through them as they lay in the United Nations shelter,believing that they were safe under the world's protection. Uke the Muslims of Srebrenica, the Muslims of Qana were wrong.
In front of a burning building of the UN’s Fijian battalion headquarters, a girl held a corpse in her arms, the body of a grey-haired man whose eyes were staring at her, and she rocked the corpse back and forth in her arms, keening and weeping and crying the same words over and over: "My father, my father." A Fijian UN soldier stood amid a sea of bodies and, without saying a word, held aloft the body of a headless child.
" The Israelis have just told us they'll stop shelling the area,"a UN soldier said, shaking with anger. "Are we supposed to thank them?" In the remains of a burning building — the conference room of the Fijian UN headquarters — a pile of corpses was burning. The roof had crashed in flames onto their bodies, cremating them in front of my eyes. When I walked towards them, I slipped on a human hand...
Israel's slaughter of civilians in this terrible 10-day offensive — 206 by last night — has been so cavalier, so ferocious, that not a Lebanese will forgive this massacre. There had been the ambulance attacked on Saturday, the sisters killed In Yohmor the day before, the 2-year-old girl decapitated by an Israeli missile four days ago. And earlier yesterday, the Israelis had slaughtered a family of 12 — the youngest was a four- day-old baby — when Israeli helicopter pilots fired missiles into their home.
Shortly afterwards, three Israeli jets
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
UNITED NATIONS TROOPS IN LEBANON Rjian soldiers haul away a dead refugee child, a victim of the Israeli shelling of Qana
©1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/yar
14
dropped bombs only 250 metres from a UN convoy on which I was travelling, blasting a house 30 feet into the air in front of my eyes. Travelling back to Beirut to file my report on the Qana massacre to the Independent last night, I found two Israeli gunboats firing at the civilian cars on the river bridge north of Sidon.
Every foreign army comes to grief in Lebanon. The Sabra and Chatila massa-
Free Speech for May 1996
ere of Palestinians by Israel's militia allies In 1982 doomed Israel's 1982 invasion. Now the Israelis are stained again by the bloodbath at Qana, the scruffy little Lebanese hill town where the Lebanese believe Jesus turned water into wine. ...The blood of all the refugees ran quite literally in streams from the shell-smashed UN compound in which the Shiite Muslims from the hill villages of southern Lebanon — who had heeded
Israel’s order to leave their homes - had pathetically sought shelter. Rjian and French soldiers heaved another group of dead - they lay with their arms tightly wrapped around each other - into blankets.
A French UN trooper muttered oaths to himself as he opened a bag in which he was dropping feet, fingers, pieces of people’s arms.
And as we walked through this obscen-
Free Speech for May 1996
15
ity. a swarm of people burst into the compound. They had driven In wild convoys down from Tyre and began to pull the blankets off the mutilated corpses of their mothers and sons and daughters and to shriek "Allahu Akbar" (God is Oeat") and to threaten the UN troops. We had suddenly become not UN troops and journalists but Westerners, Israel’s allies, an object of hatred and venom. One bearded man w ith fierce eyes stared at us, his face dark with fury. “You are Americans," he screamed at us." Americans are dogs. You did this. Americans are dogs."
Resident Bill Clinton has allied himself with Israel in its war against" terrorism," and the Lebanese, in their grief, had not forgotten this. Israel’s official expression of sorrow was rubbing salt in their wounds. "I would like to be made into a bomb and blow myself up amid the Israelis," one old man said.
As for the Hizbollah, which has repeatedly promised that Israelis will pay for their killing of Lebanese civilians, its revenge cannot be long in coming. Operation Grapes of Wrath may then turn out to be all too aptly named.
Herve de Charette’s face was as white as death. The French Foreign Minister, neatly clad in blue suit and tie, had gingerly walked through the scene of last week’s massacre at the UN’s compound, nodding diplomatically as the UN's Fijian commander described the 12 minutes in which Israeli shells slaughtered up to 120 refugees, the sliced-up corpses that his soldiers were forced to pick up, the difficulty in identifying parts of the children who had been torn to pieces. Mr. de Charettelistened with distaste. But then he was confronted by a survivor. Fawzaya Zrir, a small, frail woman in a scarf, simply walked up to the French Foreign Minister and began talking to him with an odd mixture of affection and anger. " For us, Ranee is our mother and God is our father,” she said in a flight of rhetoric that might have been written by the Quai d'Orsay public relations men, who beamed happily at this fortunate encounter.
Then things began to go wrong. "We have lived through hell," Mrs. Zrir continued. "The people were chopped into pieces by the Israeli bombs. They bleed, these people. You should have seen the heads."
At the Rench foreign minister’s right, a Lebanese softly translated the woman’s dreadful words. The PR men began to look uneasy. "We have lived here 40 years and now we are treated like animats,” the woman cried. " Do you know what the dogs did at night after the killings? They were hungry and I saw them in the ruins eating fingers and pieces of our people."
Mr. de Charette stared at her as if he had seen a ghost. This had dearly not been part of the programme, a schedule that
was supposed to have whisked the foreign minister from a light lunch at UN headquarters in Naqqoura to a photo-opportunity on the roof of the wrecked UN battalion HQ, a three-minutes press conference to give the impression of openness and a swift drive back to the coast and a helicopter to Beirut — everything, in fact, that would enhance France's much-trumpeted love for Lebanon. Reality had very definitely not been part of the programme.
A UN soldier was quite blunt about it.
" This place is going to be turned into one of those awful pilgrimage sites for the great and the good," he muttered. " Boutros-Ghali sent his emissaries today to express their horror. But they’ll do no more than they did after Srebrenica. They’ll tut-tut and shrug it off. They won't even have the guts to condemn Israel even now — for this wickedness." The problem... is that neither America nor Europe is going to condemn a country which pounded refugees of Qana with 155mm shells for 12 minutes; and such condemnation is about the only palliative that the Lebanese might accept for the moment.
And you can see their point. On the coast road back to Beirut last night there were burning cars, civilians deliberately targeted by Israeli warships north of Sidon, three of whom had been badly wounded. Had this being a Syrian, warship shelling Israeli civilians on the Haifa-Tel Aviv road, of course, Mr. Clinton himself would have deplored - rightly - an act of “international terrorism."
But not a word of criticism about this scandalous targeting of Lebanese civilians was uttered by the foreign ministers of America, Russia, France and Italy as they sought to bring an end to an apparently unstoppable war.
Ingrid Rimland adds:
Did we not recently give $20 million to the Israeli government . . ."to combat terrorism"?
You can no more keep retribution for this wanton bloodshed from this country [Israel] than you can keep a cloud from raining. Wake up, you minions of the medial Tell what is going on — and whom we are supporting.
I, too, am an American. You on my list who are Americans, you listen to what they are saying. You listen and never forget; "Americans are dogs. You did this. Americans are dogs."
If there is karma in the universe, [the] karma will be horrific.
Just a few days before this attack on Lebanese civilians, Israel attacked a Lebanese ambulance with a helicopter gun-ship, killing three women and three children. According to the Associated
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboio WV 24946
Press, Israel said the ambulance was hit because it was carrying a Hizbollah activist and again warned Lebanese civilians to stay away from guerrillas. I wonder who was the ‘‘activist” — one of the women or one of the children. The AP story on the attack continues:
“We picked up the people, heading to Tyre. Then, I heard a whooshing sound.
I was sucked out of the vehicle," said ambulance driver Abbas Mdeihli from his hospital bed in Tyre. " It all happened in a second."
The ambulance belonged to the Islamic Message Scouts, an affiliate of Shiite political groups. Phillippe Gaillard, head of the Red Cross, said the ambulance attack violated international humanitarian laws.
Will there be “war crimes” trials for the perpetrators of these atrocities? Will the Jewish killers of civilians be hounded to the ends of the Earth and to the end of their lives, and deported to the Arab world to stand trial for their atrocities? Think carefully and decide for yourselves how much longer you will accept the Jewish double standard.
Ladies and gentlemen, you paid for that helicopter and those rockets. You paid for the uniforms, the clubs, the tanks, the aircraft, the missiles, the bombs, and the bullets that are now being used against innocent civilians and against the dispossessed. Therefore you can stop this horrible killing by refusing to continue your support for the Jewish state. Someday those guns and bombs may be turned against you. They will be turned againSt you the moment it is in the interest of the evil leaders of organized Jewry to do so. I do not ask anyone reading this to respond in kind, to respond with inhumanity and violence. 1 ask you now, while it is still possible, to put an end to the violence. I ask you to devote your lives to the task of liberating the nations of the West from the Zionist yoke.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program, “The Jewish Double Standard," aired on May 18, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid_______________________________   j
$40/year

*.W. ■■'-'• 'f5 V>?

KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/Seymour, Texas area): Every Saturday 830 a m., 943 FM;and 10 a.m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkan-sas)Every Saturday 10 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/Decatur/Hart-seUe, Alabama areas): Every Wednesday 9 am., 1490 and 890 AM.
WTIS (Tampa Bay area): Every Saturday 1130 a.m., 1110 AM.
WALE (Southern New England): Every Saturday, 1030 a.m., 990 AM.
WBDN (Tampa/St Petersburg and much of central Florida): Every Sunday 730 p.m., 760 AM
KXEL: Monday through Friday, 9:30 p.m. Central Time, 1540 AM.
WRNO: This shortwave station serves North America and the world; every Saturday at 11 30 a.m. Central Time on 15420 kHz, and every Saturday at 8 p.m. Central Time on 7355 kHz.
Where will he find itP
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
In his classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where he will be exposed to drug dealers and homosexuals?
We are here to make sure that more and more young people like him will have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed word. We are the men and women of the National Alliance.
v V	\	^	\	ft
For S^-tte wilL&6n&you our informative book and tapeA&islap- and our publication 534, What Is The Ntfwnat Alliance?, explaining our program in detail.
*
WATH
LIANCE
. Box 90

lsboro, WV 24946
Satellite Channel
Listen to American Dissident Voices anywhere in North America, every Saturday from 6 to 7 p.m. Central Time on G7, channel 14, 7.56 audio.
Free Speech and American Dissident Voices on the Internet Our World Wide Web sites: http://www.natvan.com http://www .natall.com
• Listen. . .
...every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in gray. Send $4 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of our radio schedule are available at $3 for 20 copies, $7 for 100 copies, or $30 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946