Free
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. — John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • JANUARY 1997 • VOLUME III, NO* 1
Evelyn Hill, Editor
TREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $800 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession, as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 8.5-inch IBM-fonnat diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for use.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
The Texaco Fiasco
Dr. William Pierce

The Sexual

War Parts I and II
Kevin Alfred Strom
IP
mm
Get Set for War

Dr. William Pierce

The Texaco Fiasco
The Nature of Corporate America Is Clearly Revealed
There's a very old saying, often attributed to the fifth-century BC dramatist Euripides, and also to many others over the years, which runs, approximately:	Whom the gods
would destroy they first make mad.
The reason this saying has endured for so long is that it expresses a truth which often has been observed in the lives of men and nations:	Death,	in the case of an
individual, or the loss of physical or political power, in the case of a nation, is preceded by a loss of contact with reality. We might call this loss of contact with reality senility; or, as Euripides said, madness. It is a loss of the ability to observe, reason, and draw hardheaded conclusions in dealing with the world around us.
If Euripides was on target, then the gods have all of their thunderbolts
Peter Bijur He may know his commitment to "affirmative sotion" well b# detfructive, but ho doesn't oars.
aimed at America today. What could any nation be called, other than mad, which twice in a row would choose a creature like Bill Clinton as its President?
Perhaps you think I say that just because 1 regard Bill Clinton the way 1 would die sort of stinking filth 1 might have to dean off my boots after a careless walk in a dog kennel. So let's look at another sign of America's national madness that has less to do with Presidential politics. Let's look at what might be called the Texaco fiasco.
This particular evidence of national madness first came to my attention while 1 was watching the NBC Evening News in mid-November. Tom Brokaw, the boyish-looking acioi who is paid to mouth the news script for NBC every evening, put on
2
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
IBSwi
Happy Texaco Employees Black Texaco employees are to get over $100 million in cash. Additional millions are to be put into a fund to give Black employees pay raises. White employees will get classes in 'sensitivity.’ They will also be instructed in how to implement ’diversity.” The Black employee’s Jewish lawyers are happy too.
a very stem face and warned parents that what was to follow was "shock' ing" and "graphic” and might not be suitable for children to hear. Of course, 1 perked up my ears in the hopes of hearing something really tit' illating. And what we all got, of course, was a noisy, distorted record' ing of a couple of Texaco executives talking about "black jelly beans.” And, although 1 couldn't really make it out myself, Brokaw told us in tones of shock and horror that the dread “n" word was spoken.
If it had ended there, this litde episode might have been good for a laugh and then been forgotten. But it didn't end there. Brokaw, and the news actors at the other networks as
well, went on and on and on about this bit of idle chatter on the part of a couple of Texaco executives. They treated the matter as if the president of Texaco had been caught sexually abusing litde boys in his presidential suite.
Well, perhaps that wasn't a good example! Pederasts are becoming one of those officially favored minorities about whom one must say nothing disrespectful. If the president of Tex-aco had been caught buggering litde boys, the networks would have taken the attitude that that wasn't really news and that to report it with a tone of disapproval would have been tantamount to what they call “homophobia.” And "homophobia” these days
is becoming almost as much a sin as using the “n" word!
Brokaw and the other news actors treated the matter as if it were a grave national crisis calling for action of the most drastic sort. They polled people on the street and quoted a few trendy airheads saying that, yes, they were suitably shocked and horrified, and they intended to sell their stock in Texaco and to buy their gasoline elsewhere in the future. Then, of course, the politicians and the church people began getting into the act. They talked about “racism" and “hatred” and about the need to make everyone understand how “hurtful" the things the Texaco executives said were.
Then Jesse Jackson got into die act. He said it was time for Texaco to pay for using the “n” word — pay with lots of money. Otherwise he would organize a boycott of Texaco products. This is the sort of extortion racket that Jesse and his so-called “Rainbow Coalition” have worked on dozens of other businesses: Cough up some money, or we'll organize a boycott against you. That would be a felony if you or I tried it, but Jesse has been getting away with it for years. I think it may have something to do with his color.
The most astounding performance of all was put on by the president of Texaco, Peter Bijur. Instead of telling the media that his employees' private conversations were nobody else's business and then denouncing the treacherous former employee who had made the surreptitious recording of what should have been a private conversation, he outdid Tom Brokaw at professing his horror and shock over the discovery that anyone at Texaco had ever had a Politically Incorrect thought. He practically rent his garments and beat his breast in his expression of repentance for the White guilt of Texaco executives. It was embarrassing to watch him. Finally he promised to cough up $176 million to placate Jesse Jackson
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
and Texaco's offended Black employees.
Texaco is a big and very successful company. I can only assume that the people who run the company are not idiots. But if Peter Bijur is not an idiot, then he is a crook: a man without scruples or principles who will do anything, no matter how dishonest or treacherous, in order to keep his job.
I say that, because if he is as smart as I think he is, then he certainly could see through Tom Brokaw's act and understand what is behind it. He must understand that the whole pretense of shock and horror by the controlled media is part of a deliberate conditioning effort aimed at establishing a conditioned reflex against so-called “racism" in the more suggestible and easily manipulated segments of the population and intimidating the more independent-minded segments into going along with the mob.
We're all supposed to be horrified — or at least pretend to be horrified — that anyone at Texaco would use the “n" word, even in a private conversation. We're all supposed to side with Jesse Jackson in a crusade to punish Texaco for having executives who joke with each other about “black jelly beans." Those of us who can't simply dose our eyes to reality and actually think whatever thoughts are fashionable at the moment, no matter how much at odds with the facts they are, are supposed to be afraid to tell a joke about Blacks or to use the “n" word even in a private conversation, because someone might be secredy recording our remarks, in which case we'll be fired by our employers, have our homes and cars repossessed, and be shunned by all right-thinking members of society.
That's the sort of conditioned reflex Tom Brokaw and the other media actors, following the policies of the media bosses, were trying to implant in us with their big hullabaloo about black jelly beans at Texaco. And Texaco's boss made a
In the modem Army ‘equality* is stressed. Men and women, Whites and Blacks, not only must work together, but often share the same barracks. Black males are given positions of authority over VMiile females. When White female soldiers are raped by Blacks it is kept quiet. To cause too much fuss might be interpreted as * racism.'
conscious decision to go along with this attempt to control the minds of his fellow Americans. He decided to collaborate rather than fight, because he figured that if he went up against the Jewish media bosses the fight would become too expensive, even for Texaco.
Actually, Peter Bijur and corporate America generally made this decision to collaborate with the Jews a long time ago. The campaign by the media bosses to control the thinking and behavior of Americans has been going on ever since the Jews began establishing their stranglehold on the
mass media, more than 60 years ago. The Texaco hullabaloo was only one small event in that continuing campaign. Over the years a few of the big corporation bosses refused to go along with them, but only a few. Henry Ford, Senior, was one example. Most of the big capitalists put their profits ahead of everything else. They decided that it would not be profitable to get on the wrong side of the Jews, and so they collaborated with them, either actively or passively, regardless of the consequences for America and for our people.
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ytar
In an effort to promote racial mixing, and to make the public think negative views of Blacks are utterly unacceptable, the controlled media are much more likely to portray Blacks like this ...
When the news finally broke a couple of weeks ago about what was happening to women recruits in the Army, the question which naturally arose was, why wasn't something done to stop the rapes a long time ago? Why did the Army brass tolerate this behavior for so long?
Amazingly, the answer to this question was provided by Time magazine in a November 25 news story on the Army rapes. The Army had been investigating the situation for some time but was moving very slowly and very cautiously, according to the Time story. And why was the Army cautiously sitting on its hands and doing nothing to stop the rapes it knew were happening? The reason, according to Time, was that most of the rapists were Black drill instructors and Black officers, and most of the women being raped were White recruits. The Army brass were afraid that if they moved against the Black rapists they would be accused of
The implication of this Time magazine story was that if the rapists had been White, the Army would have moved against them instandy and stopped the rapes. But because most of them were Black, the Army leaders were afraid to take action. And why were they afraid to take action? Because of the sort of brainwashing campaign that the controlled media have been engaged in for so long, a campaign to make people fear being accused of racism more than anything else, to make them fear that an accusation of racism will cost them their careers and ruin their lives, whether or not there is any substance to the accusation.
It is this campaign by the controlled media to develop a Pavlovian reflex in the American public, so that they will be afraid to criticize Blacks, which kept the Army from moving against its Black rapists. And it is the same campaign which led so many of the White women in the Army to become rape victims. They were easy targets for the Black rapists because
racism.
C 1997 'National Vanguard Booh • Boa 330 » Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
Peter Bijur and the other big corporation bosses ate intelligent enough to understand the general son of damage to a people and a nation that must follow from permitting a small, alien minority to brainwash the public, to control the minds of its more suggestible dements, to shape public opinion, and to exercise a correspondingly powerful influence over governmental policy.
Yes, they have subde enough minds to understand these things in a general way. For those who need very specific examples in order to grasp the significance of this sort of mind control exercised by the media, I'll give a very specific example.
Think for a moment about the current uproar in the Army as a result of the revelations about the wide-scale rape of female soldiers by drill instructors and officers at Aberdeen Proving Ground and other bases. This is really a shameful and intolerable situation. It is totally different from the drunken party a few years ago in Las Vegas by Navy fliers — the socalled “Tailhook scandal” — in which some women who attended the party were fondled and subjected to other indignities. The Tailhook Association parties were well known among Navy people as drunken orgies, and all the women who attended did so voluntarily. The Tail-hook behavior was certainly nothing to be proud of, but it did not involve rape or coercion.
In the Army, on the other hand, female soldiers have been subjected to systematic sexual harassment, not at drunken parties they attended voluntarily but in connection with their military training, and many actually have been raped. Drill instructors and officers came into their barracks, grabbed them, dragged them into the bathrooms, and forcibly raped them, then threatened to cut their throats if they told anyone. This son of thing happened not just once, but many times, it was a systematic thing. It is absolutely intolerable that we should have such a situation in the U.S. Army!
FRFF SPEEC11 for January 1997
.. I than this.
they all had been subjected to a brainwashing campaign that conditioned them to be especially receptive to Blacks, a campaign which cleverly insinuated the idea into their minds that there's nothing inherendy wrong with interracial sex, that sex with a Black man is somehow more “progressive,” more “tolerant," more Politically Correct than sex with a man of their own race; that to reject a Blade man might be interpreted as an expression of racism. We've all seen this propaganda a thousand times in the mass media. All of the new films and television shows are full of it.
I'll go a bit further. This same Jewish media brainwashing campaign has been responsible for putting Blacks into positions of authority over Whites in our armed forces. That's something we never had until after the Second World War. And it has been responsible for removing the protections that we once gave to women. This Jewish media campaign is behind the move to mix women with men in every military role, including combat, and to treat them just like men.
It is a campaign to persuade us to ignore reality and to pretend that the world is not what we know it to be but instead to try to make it conform to some lunatic model of Political Correa ness, in which everyone is equal, men and women, Blacks and
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
5
Whites, and we all think and behave the same way. This campaign is destroying our society, destroying our country, destroying our people. And it is this campaign which the chairman of Texaco chose to collaborate with rather than risk a fight with the Jewish media bosses. That is truly shameful.
Twenty years ago I wrote a political novel, The Turner Diaries, in which I predicted situations we are seeing all around us today, but which seemed wildly fantastic to most people at the time I wrote about them in the 1970s. 1 looked at the policies being pushed by the Jewish media bosses at that time, I looked at the directions in which those policies were leading us, and I extrapolated 20 years ahead. I not only predicted greater governmental intrusions into die lives of our people and governmental efforts to take away our freedom of speech and our freedom to keep and bear arms, 1 predicted the advent of domestic terrorism in the United States in response to this governmental repression. And 1 also predicted the fate of White women as die government moved to enforce a Jewish concept of equality on all of us. I predicted a great increase in the incidence of rape, and 1 specifically forecast the rape of White women by Black soldiers and the unwillingness of the Army brass to deal with this situation. I am horrified to see this scenario I imagined 20 years ago as fiction becoming reality today.
And 1 believe it goes without saying that 1 am not horrified at all by ralk of black jelly beans or the use of the “n" word by Texaco executives. But I am horrified when men in positions of power and authority, men like Texaco boss Peter Bijur, choose to collaborate with those who are destroying America, choose to collaborate with those whose propaganda campaign has led to the systematic raping of our young women in the Army, rather than take a forthright and honest stand against this destructive campaign and the evil creatures behind it.
You know, there are plenty of idiots in this country who can't figure these things out, idiots who believe
that the really big problem we have to solve in this country is learning to be one big, happy familyt Blacks and Whites, Jews and Arabs, homosexual activists and normal people, mestizos and Vietnamese immigrants and those of us whose ancestors came from Europe and built a new civilization here. They wring their hands and think, “Oh, if we could just get along peacefully with each other!" They believe that we must be very careful what we say, very careful never to give offense, very careful never to use the “n" word, and then maybe all those people who are so different from us will come to like us, and we will somehow be able to live together without violence and hatred.
The idiots believe that, but the big corporate bosses like Mr. Bijur certainly don't. They have a litde better grip on reality than the idiots do. They understand that if they tried to run their corporations that way, they would become snack food for the ones who play by rougher rules. The Army brass understand that too. And both the corporate bosses and the Army's generals understand that when you have something that someone else is determined to take away from you — in this case, our country, our civilization — you don't get him to change his mind by trying hard not to offend him, by being careful never to use the “n" word.
Yes, the generals and the bosses understand this — but they don't really care. What happens to the country is not important to them. What happens to our people is not important. The only thing that's important is their careers. And we tolerate people with these attitudes, with these values, as the leaders of our society!
That too is a part of America's madness.____________________________
This article is based on die American Dissident Voices program “The Texaco Fiasco,” aired on November 30, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available form National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
O 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
The Sexual War
How the Natural Feelings of Whites are Being Perverted
The war against the survival of the European race is being waged on many fronts: economic, political, psychological, and sexual. Let us take a look at the sexual war against White people.
The most overt sexual warfare takes the form of the promotion of racial mixing, which is inserted into virtually every form of entertainment offered to us in print or electronically. Jewishowned MTV pumps out morally and racially defiling images and music to our young people 24 hours per day via satellite and cable, and thousands of money-hungry record stores and radio stations make sure that our youngsters can take the sweet poison with them wherever they go.
But a more covert sexual warfare is caking place simultaneously. You need to learn to recognize it when you see it. Every creature on this planet, male or female, of whatever species, is bom with the necessary instincts which lead it to do what it needs to do to ensure the survival of the next generation. Any species which foiled to do these necessary things would quickly pass from the Earth.
Creatures, such as man, which reproduce sexually require that males fertilize females, that the children be bom, and that the children be nurtured and protected to an extent sufficient to result in an increase — or at least not a prolonged decrease — in the numbers of the species.
For our species, sexual attraction between male and female serves the purpose of conception. Love between the couple bonds them together for the purpose of nurturing the children, and a special kind of love for the child makes the mother and father willing to sacrifice and even die if necessary so that the child may live.
Although we may analyze and justify these behaviors on purely rational grounds, it is not upon the calcula-
| Condom Mirandas*
They wear — and distribute — comdoms for the AIDS Foundation in San Francisco.
dons of reason that we act in the interests of our children; it is not by the light of logic that we act so that there might be children of our kind after we as individuals die.
No, these actions of ours are based upon a different kind of light — an inner light that tells us that the healthy White child is a sacred being to be protected at any cost, an inner voice that tells us that our mate and our offspring are to be provided with the necessities of life and protected from danger. In short, there is an instinct that tells us, and has told us since the dawn of man, to do the things that must be done so that our kind will be perpetuated through the ages.
Revealed in this light, our sexual nature can be seen for what it really is> a unity of erotic love, family formation, and the birth and nurturing of our children. This unity is absolutely essential for the continued survival of our race. Breaking up this unity is one of the highest priorities of
our enemies. That is the grand stiat egy of those who are prosecuting th( sexual war against White people.
A recent article in my local newspaper confirms that nurturing behavior is not only instinctive but that the instincts have a definite genetic basis. So for, the proof only extends to mice, but it is known that the same gene exists in humans, and there is every reason to believe that all instincts, including our own, are determined by genetic structure.
BOSTON- "Mom" Gene Spurs Mice To Nurture Little Ones
Scientists have discovered a "good mother" gene, an inborn trigger that prompts female mice to care for their young. When this gene is missing, mice show no interest in their babies. Instead, they curl up in a comer and let the young ones die. The discovery is part of an effort by scientists to learn the genetic factors that control complex behaviors in animals.
This particular gene, called fosB, is a kind of regulatory switch that turns on other genes in response to outside cues. In this case, the gene is probably activated by the sight and smell of baby mice. Humans, too, have a fosB gene. Whether it plays any role in prompting women to nurture their babies is unknown. "Whether this would be relevant to other mammals — including people — remains to be considered in the future," said Dr. Michael E. Greenberg. "You can't say anything more about that."
The study was conducted by Jennifer R. Brown, a doctoral student in Greenberg's lab at Children's Hospital in Boston. It was published in the mid-July issue of the biweekly journal Cell. The scientists began by creating a "knockout" mouse, an animal that was missing the fosB gene. The goal was to learn the gene's function by seeing how the animal acted without it. The mutant mice seemed normal until they gave birth. Ordinarily, a female mouse put in a cage with her babies will crouch over them and keep them warm within a minute. "The mutant will go and investigate them but fails to retrieve them and eventually goes off in a corner and ignores them," said Greenberg. Not fed or tended in any way, the babies die in a day or two. The gene also controls nurturing in
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Homosexual Fashion
— and children themselves — need, but have refused to do so? It has become too acceptable for both men and women to look after only their own interests,
Since the 1973 decree by the Supreme Court legalizing abortion, at least 17,600,000 White children have been aborted. Had they been allowed to live, many of these children would be young parents by now. In a strange but probably not entirely unintended irony, we have the brown flow from Mexico to “replace" these dead White children. Thus we lose batde after batde in the sexual war against White people.
male mice (although this drive is less pronounced in males).
Those who would destroy us do not yet have the ability to genetically alter us, but what they can do, and what they have been doing for decades, is to take advantage of the fact that as intelligent creatures we can make conscious decisions that run contrary to our instincts. Knowing that our conscious mind can over-ride our instincts, they seek to fill that conscious mind with every possible kind of suicidal idea, from racial mixing to interracial adoption to the slaying of our healthy children in their mother's womb.
Now I am not one of those who says that abortions must be absolutely prohibited. For example, as a thoroughgoing racial separatist, I do not presume to tell other races how they must govern their societies. They should be allowed to have whatever policies they choose — on the other side of a secure border from us. I do not ask a woman to bear a child which is the result of rape. I do not ask a woman to bear a child which is deformed. I do not ask a woman to bear a child if its birth would kill the mother.
But today greater numbers of White children are being killed in the womb than ever before. And when we are speaking of killing our own offspring, if we are true to the instincts that ensure our survival and make us what we are, we must recognize that we are speaking of a particularly horrifying kind of killing. There is something almost unbelievably depraved about women committing this obscene act for no other reason than convenience. Any society that encourages such behavior is revealing a death-wish that may well prove fatal. But it would be a mistake to blame only White women for the large numbers of abortions today. How many White men have direedy or indireedy encouraged their mates to have abortions? How many have been able to provide the emotional and financial support that a woman with children
g 1991 • Notional Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
It isn't only by encouraging convenience abortion that our enemies seek to break the fundamental unity of love, family, and children which is our natural sexual nature. They also encourage the idea that sexual intercourse is a consequence-free recreation, and that any path — any path — to sexual pleasure and happiness is as valid as any other. Not only is homosexuality elevated to the status of an “equal” alternative to natural behavior, not only is the special feminine nature to be thrown out the window so that women can be degraded into an impossible and spiridess “equality” with men, but the more “advanced” thinkers on the campuses you subsidize are now telling our students that their inborn sexual identity may be discarded at will and another taken up in its place.
If you find that unbelievable, consider the following excerpts from an article entided “Gender School,” by Shannon Bell, from the magazine, Ctheory. Ctheory states that it is published with the assistance of die Dean of Arts and Science, and the Department of Political Science, of Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. The article concerns a being named “Kate” Bomstein who calls itself a “transgender transsexual.”
Shannon Bell, is the author of a book published by the Indiana University Press and the author of a piece published by St. Martin's Press. She teaches political science at York University and teaches the “sociology of indmacy,” whatever that is, at die University of Toronto.
Part 1: Gender School
"Sex is f***ing, everything else is gender/' Kate told us on the first day of gender school a four-part, sixteen-hour Cross-Gendered Performance Workshop which was part of the Buddies in Bad Times Theater summer school program. Kate is a Buddhist male-to-female transsexual performance artist and gender educator. Kate has been both male and female and now is not one or the other, but both and neither.
The Cross-Gender Workshop aimed at deconstructing gender shedding gender, trying on a new gender; getting to
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
7
Bornstein as a Boy
zero point and then constructing a nev gender.... The only constraint on selecting a character was that it be some version o the opposite gender.
I decided on the male object of m3 desire: I had done this before, but 1 hac never stood in the shoes of the object of mj desire: a butch chickenhawk. 1 had usually done boy; the crossover from womar to boy is pretty easy for a butch-femme Besides, when women do male, our male often comes out boy due to similarity in skin, size, weight, and energy. This time I was going to do the sort of male that brings me to my knees: the sardonic, gruff, older boy lover in the tradition of Jean Genet, Allen Ginsberg, and a couple of less famous, but no less impressive boy lovers whom 1 have had the pleasure of sharing with boys....
Part 2: The Opposite Sex — Is Neither!
Maggie, a goddess-in-training, "has taken a wrong turn at the moon and ends up in late-20th-centu ry North America." Her current goddess training exercise is to allow her body to act as a conduit for seven people who are "neither male nor female, neither here nor there, and neither dead nor alive" Maggie is to hold the gateways of higher awareness open for them as they each tell their own story of crossing gen-dcr.M .
There is Ruby, the she-male drag queen performer: breasts, big hair, lots of make-up, and a penis. She is dying, her
Bornstein as a Man
body ripped apart by AIDS lesions. Ther is Kat, who enters Maggie's body as she i waking up from sex change surgery (mal< to female). Kat, a compulsive suppor group joiner who concludes that "gender: just something else to belong to."...
Part 3: Kate on Kate, An Interview
Shannon: In the Cross-Gender Per formance workshop you gave some very right-on definitions of gender.
Kate: Gender is simply a way to classify people. Depending on the time and the culture, there are different criteria for the classification In this culture, at this time, it is genital. Gender assignment happens at birth when the doctor inspects for a penis. The infant is assigned gender corresponding to the presence or absence of the penis. There are more and more people who are questioning gender, and not by dint of Gender Studies Programs. In them they mainly focus on: What is the difference? They don't study gender. There is a field that is questioning gender and that is ethnomethodology. Kessler and Me Kenna's An Ethnomethodological Approach deserves tons of credit Part of the dedication in the book 1 am writing is to them.
Shannon: Gay men taught me to be the kind of woman I am now. And more recently, 1 learned how to be a goddess from Annie Sprinkle: 1 took her ten hour Slut and Goddess Transformation Salon. I also learned just from being her friend.
You were a het (heterosexual) guy until what age?
Kate: Yo, what do you want to know for? Until 1 was thirty-five or thirty-six.
Shannon: You changed genders, then became a lesbian Did your taste in women change?
Kate: No, but I was finally able to be with the women 1 really wanted to be with.
1 can't tell you how many women 1
Bornstein as a
approached when I was a straight ma only to find out they were lesbian.
Shannon:	What	is	your	taste	ii
women?
Kate: 1 like a little bit of danger. I'd into S/M and I am a switch. I appredat someone who is into switching... .
Shannon: What does it mean to be i sexual outlaw?
Kate: A sexual outlaw is a persoi who breaks sexual, or in this case, gendei rules. The prime directive of gender in thi! culture is, if you are a woman, thou shall not be a man. And if you are a man, it u thou shalt not be a woman. And in sex, thou shalt be heterosexual.
... There is a transgender liberation happening. Leslie Kleinberg writes aboul it in her book Transgender Liberation Within the transgender movement there is a hierarchy: at the top of the heap are the post-operative transsexuals who pass, next down are those who don't pass as well, and then down and down and down. But it depends on where you are standing. If you are standing in the shoes of a she-male, that is the top of the heap. At the bottom of anyone's heap is the closet case who puts on his wife's panties when she is away on a business trip.
There it is in all its sick glory. You may find it hard to believe, but the most offensive portions of this article have been edited out.
& 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Boa 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
Lest you think that I exaggerate the importance of these two extremely sick individuals, may 1 remind you that "Kate* Bomstein, who used to be a nice Jewish boy and now is a mutilated 1 don't know what, has had its book published by Roudedge Press and has had its work favorably reviewed by Brenda Danet of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Ms. Danet said in part:
...the photographs in Kate Bom-stein's part- autobiographical, part analytic book on her transformation from a formerly married, biological male to a transsexual lesbian invite readers to compare her formerly male “look" with the new-emale/lesbian one. Can that dashing man in a marine officer's uniform really be the same person as the attractive woman with the long, luxuriant hair, plunging neckline and earrings in the frontispiece photograph?
While any writer who dares to write on behalf of the European race is excoriated and censored, and sometimes even arrested and jailed, perverted corrupters of youth like Bomstein, Bell, and Danet are respected by universities and publishing companies!
In ancient Peru lived a tribe of Indians, not far from the famous and mysterious lines of Nazca. We know them only by their paintings, which display a high degree of skill. The current inhabitants of the area have no knowledge of the people who made the paintings. They have disappeared without a trace. What little we know about these people we glean from the paintings they created. And what paintings they are! They are filled from top to bottom and margin to margin with depictions of sexual activity. They show themselves engaging in almost every conceivable type of sexual congress — sometimes even in groups. But what is really remarkable about these paintings is not that they show such obsession with sex, but that they do nor portray one particular kind of sex. They do not portray normal sexual intercourse between a man and a woman. They do not portray the kind of sexual intercourse which leads to the conception of chil-
FREE SPEECH for Januaty 1997
dren. And the creators of these paintings are now extinct. Draw your own conclusions.
The perverts do not have to recruit everyone in the country to achieve similar results. Our race both in America and in its home countries in Europe is already failing to reproduce itself, and its actual numbers are falling, while alien immigrants with higher birthrates stream across our borders and fill our maternity wards. Those who recruit for homosexual sodomy are a factor in pushing us ever closer to the edge of racial suicide. Every recruit for diem is how many White children never bom?
I am aware of the objections that some may raise in light of the evidence that homosexuality can be genetic in origin. I agree that some defective individuals may carry a gene or genes that predispose them toward a perversion of the sexual instincts. And 1 further admit that it would be a good thing if such genes were not carried forward to future generations, and therefore I agree that to the extent that toleration of homosexual behavior may prevent such pitiable creatures from conceiving children, it may have a eugenic effect.
But I also believe that the factors that control sexual behavior are not absolutely bipolar. Some men are more masculine than other men, who are more masculine than others still, until you reach men who seem effeminate in many ways but who are still definitely heterosexual in their proclivities and relations with women. There are also men who seem asexual. Then there are the truly defective types who form the foundation of the homosexual group.
Sexuality, particularly male sexuality, is a very powerful drive that demands satisfaction. If a teenage male, perhaps not the most masculine and perhaps a bit afraid of women, but who in ordinary circumstances would lead a healthy sex life and contribute good children to the race, is approached at an impressionable age and convinced to try homosexual perversions, and if this constitutes his first sexual experience, he may be pushed over the edge and identify
9
himself with the sodomites and become habituated to the practice of sodomy to satisfy his sexual needs. It is not by coincidence that the perverts have always concentrated their recruiting on teenagers, as even a cursory glance at the increasingly open homosexual literature will prove to you. Oxford and Cambridge Universities, for example, were infamous for the indoctrination and recruitment of queers and Communists, and they were often one and the same.
This recruitment is often elaborated beyond perverted intercourse to include the idea that the young man is joining a secret fraternity of the very best people who are "changing the world for the better” by destroying traditional Western values, an argument which sadly does hold some appeal for "idealistic” young men sick to death with modem society and ready for a glorious revolutionary alternative. What they get is anal sodomy, death by infectious disease, and an anti-Life philosophy that perverts almost every aspect of their thinking and makes them into enemies of the race and culture which gave them birth. It is really very, very sad.
When homosexuality was strongly disapproved of, its recruiting activities and its anti-Life culture had little or no chance to develop, and the victims of the genetic defect were often objects of pity and sympathy. They were even sometimes honorable participants in the culture of the West. The defect was kept secret as much as possible, and only in the most depraved examples of the breed like the famous exemplar of the French Revolution, the “Marquis" de Sade, was the defect elevated to the level of a virtue.
A professor acquaintance of mine opines that it is almost impossible to succeed in the world of modem “art" today unless you are a Jew or a homosexual. In the giant bi-coastal con game that the art world has become, these two categories often overlap.
We all know what they have done to our art. Splotches, dabs, and unrecognizable scrawls are far from the worst of it. Ugliness and the des-
© 1997 » National Vanguard Books j Bos 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Sculpture by Robert Ullmann Our art has been degraded from this...
ecration of all that is noble and beautiful are hr from the worst of it. What is to follow is probably not even the worst of it.
The level of newspaper writing reaches new lows of vulgarity every year, and when I quote from articles 1 will use the word “excrement" in place of other words which are now apparently permitted in general circulation publications, and which 1 have edited out.
The British newspaper New Statesman and Society waxed eloquent recently over an art exhibition at the South London Gallery by a pair of uty perverts who call themselves “Gilbert and George.” The article is tided 'Fecal Fulminadons:	Gilbert	and
George's Naked (Excrement) Pic-
uses.1
It states:
Representations of human feces and the male nude are the most noteworthy features of collaborators Gilbert and George's current exhibition of paintings at the South London Gallery. The works have the capacity to astonish, but they are ultimately unsatisfying.
Now there's a real criticism for you! Thank you, New Statesman, for putting these culture destroyers in their place. “Unsatisfying!”
After bewailing the fact that some other critics can't handle this sweet couple's “homoeroticism,” the article continues:
Naked IExcrement] Pictures, their new work, 16 a collection of huge jewel-colored photographs hung from floor to ceiling at the South London Gallery. The Victorian civic building is the perfect setting.... This might be the chapel of a neo-Gothic church with stained-glass windows by Burne-Jones or William Morris. Except that the
Q 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
pictures are full of the artists' own huge, hand-colored, giant [excrement], flying [excrement], cruciform [excrement), penile (excrement], and Gilbert and George with their Y-fronts round their ankles, or exposing their anuses....
The catalogue quotes the bible, reminding us that we are no more than dust (or [excrement]) and came into this world naked. There is an implied humani-tarianism. The artist "lays his arm around the shoulders of the other human [excrement] or saves him like someone drowning at sea... ." In this work, Gilbert holds George like the dead body of Christ brought down from the cross. Elsewhere in "[Excrement] World" the artists gather at the foot of the cross, like the lamentors in a classical painting. Only this time the cross is made of their own [excrement].
As Freud wrote "Defecation affords the first occasion on which the child must decide between a narcissistic and an object loving attitude. He either parts obediently with his feces, 'sacrifices' them to his love, or else retains them for purposes of autoerotic satisfaction." For Freud the anal phase is arrested, pre-genitaL The [excrement] is synonymous with the penis; a means of procreation. Defecation becomes the child's most valuable "gift" to be given or withheld....
So there you have it. “Gilbert and George” conceal their real names and ethnicities, but their “art” says it all. Severed of all moorings in European culture, if they ever had any, and severed of all ties to the natural
Work of “Art” by Ed Kleinholz ... to this.
Lesbian Filmmaker Andrea Weiss
and healthy values that well up from the soul of European man, these per-verts vend their obscene degradation of our bodies and our instincts to the accolades — or at most the amused boredom — of die current cultural establishment. This should, but apparendy does not, cause all reasonable men and women to think very long and hard about the exact nature of that current establishment.
Let me make it clear that 1 have nothing at all against nudity in art. Art reproductions, including nudes, grace the walls of my home. The glorification of the idealized human form began in the Classical civilization founded by our race. This beautiful form of artistic expression was renewed when our race rediscovered itself in the Renaissance, and continued until 1945. It is an integral part of our culture and our nature.
But to link the beauty of the human body with its waste products — to degrade both woman and man by portraying them as receptacles for unnatural acts — that is a product of the mentality of an alien race, Freud's race, or the product of a European mentality perverted beyond recognition by the anti-culture that surrounds homosexual ity.
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
And what of Freud's race, the Jews? Richard Orenier, himself of Jewish ancestry, said the following about Jewish influence on the theater in the June 1993 issue of National Review and in a later follow-up letter:
Just who are the legions of theatergoers that have made homosexual theater commercially viable? Here we come to a curious recognition. Starting after World War II, Jewish playwrights have succeeded on Broadway in large numbers, and at the same time Jews have come to dominate Broadway audiences. When I returned to America from Europe in 1977, and was required for professional reasons to see almost everything on Broadway, I was intrigued to find theater audiences that seemed overwhelmingly Jewish — a point perhaps more noticeable to the son of a Jewish mother. So I found it not especially surprising that, in a recent week of diligent theatergoing in New York, at the more commercially successful homosexual works, I got the impression that the audiences were something like 10 per cent homosexuals and 90 per cent heterosexual Jews — to all appearances well-to-do, liberal, husband-and-wife couples. We had some heterosexual Gentiles in the audiences, no doubt, but they appeared to be a distinct minority. During a preview of Angels in America, when one of the characters uttered an expletive in Yiddish, the house positively roared with laughter_
Many liberal Jews ... have fully accepted the parallel between discrimination based on race or religion and discrimination based on 'sexual orientation.' This parallel is reflected in the AIDS plays — indeed, it is more than reflected. To put it plainly, these plays are about Jews and Jewishness almost as much as they are about homosexuality. The plays' authors are almost all Jewish. Angels in America is by Tony Kushner, Jeffrey is by Paul Rud-nick, and both music and lyrics to Falsettos are by William Finn. The Night Larry Kramer Kissed Me is by the only Gentile, David Drake, but the title's Larry Kramer is Jewish and a real person. He is the author of The Normal Heart and The Destiny of Me, two angry AIDS- homosexual plays of 1985 and 1992, respectively. (Barbara Streisand is currently planning a movie version of The Normal Heart.) In all these plays a homosexual, usually the Jewish protagonist's Gentile lover, dies of AIDS. This is the fixture of these homosexual works, novels as well as plays....
The leading Jewish figures are homosexuals and most of the leading homosexuals are Jews. The characters talk endlessly about Jews and homosexuality, homoaexu-
11
Homosexual Playwright Larry Kramer Jewishness, sexual perversion, and cultural deterioration often go hand in hand.
ality and Jews. The playwrights themselves find a correlation. Am I not to notice this?..."
The health effects of homosexual sodomy, which 1 have discussed in other programs, are destructive to our race. The anti-natal effects of homosexual recruitment are destructive to our race. The demoralization, perversion, and confusion that result from homosexual culture distortion are destructive to our race. The creation of a moneyed and amoral class with great political influence but no responsibility to future generations is destructive to our race.
There is no doubt that the promotion of homosexuality is a major front in the sexual war now being waged against White people. And the sexual war against us is just a theater in the total war being waged against the White race worldwide. So it will go until you and 1 put a stop to it
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices programs "The Sexual War, Parts I and 11,” aired on December 7 and December 14, 1996. A cassette recording of both parts of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
Get Set for War
Will the Next Four Years See Americans Dying for Israel?
Mr. Clinton has chosen the members of his government who will have charge of America's national security during his second term. They are Madeleine Albright as secretary of state, William Cohen as secretary of defense, Samuel Berger as chairman of the National Security Council, and Richard Holbrooke as ambassador to the United Nations. That's a lineup which should give nightmares to every American patriot — and also to everyone who would like to avoid another war for a while.
Why are these four Clinton appointees likely to get us into a war during the next four years? In the first place, all four are Jews. Don't let the Gentile names Albright and Holbrooke fool you. These two appointees are just as Jewish as Cohen and Berger are. Jews make up two and one-half per cent of the U.S. population — and 100 per cent of Mr. Clinton's national security team. That's quite a striking contrast! Especially for a President who has told us often that he wants his administration to “look like America," to be a reflection of America. 1 think what he meant is that he wants his administration to be a reflection of the behind-the-scenes power structure in America. It is the most Jewish administration our country has ever had — by far.
And let us consider, in the second place, Mr. Clinton's reason for appointing these Jews to the top national security positions. Why didn't he appoint his friends and cronies to these positions instead? Why not appoint the drug dealers and pimps and money launderers he used to hang out with in Arkansas? He can't be reelected President for a third term. He doesn't need the support of the Jews and their mass media any longer. Or does he?
You bet he does! Bill and Hillary Clinton are in a heap of trouble, and the heap is getting deeper by the week. Their Arkansas buddies are being packed off to prison one by one, and the trail is getting closer and
maucicme Miuiiyru
Even Newsweek magazine proclaimed, "The lady is a hawk.”
doser to the Clintons. And I'm not die only American who would like to see Bill and Hillary led out of the White House in handcuffs and leg irons. The Republicans would love to get even for what the Democrats did to Richard Nixon 23 years ago. They would love to inflict as much damage as they can on Clinton and his party, because they hope to fill any resulting power vacuum.
But the amount of damage inflicted on Clinton depends much more on the controlled media than it does on the Republicans. Everything that happens in Washington is orchestrated by the men who control the mass media. The poliddans all dance to the media's tune. They know that the way they are treated by the media determines whether or not they will be re-elected. Everything the politicians do and say is done and said with die media in mind. The media provide the link between the politicians and the voters. Mr. Clinton understands that as well as anyone else. And Mr. Clinton knows exactly who controls the media. He knows that whether or not he goes to prison depends more than anything else on how useful he remains to the Jews.
© 1997 • National Vanguard Booh • Box ))0 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
It was the enormous publicity given to the Watergate burglary by the controlled media 23 years ago which forced President Nixon from office: the intense media focus on this one subject day after day, for months, until it finally sank into the consciousness of Joe and Jill Sixpack. If the media had given Watergate the sort of cursory, ho-hum coverage they gave to the Paula Jones case recendy, Nixon would have been able to finish his second term. And on the other hand, if the media had focused on the Paula Jones scandal the way they focused on Watergate, Clinton would not have been re-elected.
You remember Paula Jones, don't you? She's the Arkansas state employee that Clinton dropped his trousers in front of and tried to pressure into having sex with him when he was governor of Arkansas. Her sexual harassment law suit against him will be coming to trial soon.
Bill Clinton has a lot more problems than the Paula Jones law suit to worry about, though. He is facing the likelihood of felony indictments on several charges during the next year or two, as the investigations into various of his criminal activities continue. In each case the attitude of the media bosses will be of critical importance to him. If the media give any case against him the Watergate treatment, with lots of negative coverage, day after day, that will generate a feeding frenzy among the Republicans, and they will be relendess in pushing for his prosecution. On the other hand, if the media ignore the investigations and scandals, that will take most of the steam out of them and discourage the Republicans from pursuing them.
The Jews, in other words, have Mr. Clinton exaedy where they want him. He dare not disobey them. He must do everything they tell him, in the way of appointments and otherwise. Which is why Madeleine Albright, William Cohen, Samuel Berger, and Richard Holbrooke are where they are today.
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
13
The third thing to consider is the character and personality of these Jewish appointees. They are not just bureaucrats who happen, incidentally, to be Jews. They are a ruthless crew who know exactly where their loyal' ties lie. When the Jewish media were trying to force Richard Nixon out of office, for example, William Cohen was the first Republican in the Congress to abandon his party and join the media campaign against Nixon.
Madeleine Albright is an even better example of Jewish ruthlessness and Jewish loyalty to her fellow Jews. I remember seeing her interviewed on the CBS program 60 Minutes last May. The program was exploring the suffering of the Iraqi people under the total embargo placed on Iraq at the insistence of the United States — which means at the insistence of the Jews, who wanted to punish the Iraqi people for being a threat to Israel's domination of the Middle East. 60 Minutes took us on a tour of an Iraqi hospital, where children were dying by die dozens, because there was no medicine to treat them. The interviewer, Lesley Stahl, pointed out to Albright that 500,000 Iraqi children are reported to have died as a result of the embargo. And Stahl was obviously distressed by the plight of the Iraqi people and by all of those Iraqi children who had died as a result of this Jewish policy intended to cripple Iraq. 1 could see the distress on her face and hear it in her voice when she asked Albright, “Is the price worth it?"
And I'll always remember Albright's harsh, arrogant, and unapologetic answer. Without hesitation, almost with a sneer, she answered, “We think the price is worth it.”
In other words, “Certainly, it’s worth having 500,000 Iraqi children die in misery in order to safeguard Israel's position. After all, they’re only Gentiles, they're only goyim; they're not Jews, so who cares.” What a vicious, hardhearted Jewess! And, you know, it was Madeleine Albright, who while she was Mr. Clinton's ambassador to the United Nations during his first term was continually urging that the United States use its armed forces for military intervention
‘Settlers' on the Disputed West Bank: The Controlled Media View Israel Images such as this are used by the media to Increase sympathy for Israel and to make Americans more willing to go to war to protect Israel's interests.
around the world, wherever some country needed to be made Politically Correct. And this Jewess will be in charge of the foreign policy of the United States for the next four years. That is really horrifying.
Now, these considerations I've Just mentioned are not sufficiently persuasive by themselves for me to be convinced that our country will be led deliberately into another war. That is, I'm not predicting a war Just because we have the amazing coinci-
dence that Mr. Clinton chose Jews for all the key positions in his national security team, or because he desperately needs to do something, anything, to head off the investigators who are closing in on him, or because the Jews he appointed happen to be an especially bloodthirsty bunch.
The really frightening thing about these coincidences is that they just happen to have occurred at the precise moment in history when the Jews
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Israelis Burn a Palestinian Flag Images in which Israelis appear in a non-sympathetic manner are much rarer in the controlled media than the type of image on page 13.
need another war, when it is essential for the Jews to get die United States involved in another major war.
They need to get us involved in a war for two reasons. The first reason is that, after nearly 50 years of turmoil, bloodshed, and minor wars in the Middle East, they still haven't been able to build a viable country for themselves on the land they stole from the Palestinians. Their neighbors hate diem as strongly as ever — and their neighbors are becoming more sophisticated as time goes on. Without the billions of dollars in military and economic aid the Jews extort from the United States every year, they could not maintain their military superiority over the rest of the Middle East. If U.S. aid to Israel is ever cut off, Israel will be finished in short order.
Furthermore, the growth of Islamic fundamentalism is a real threat to the Israelis. If Islamic fundamentalists gain power in Egypt or Saudi Arabia, then the rest of the Arab world is likely to go the same way soon, and the Islamic fundamentalists are people who do not compromise with what they view as fundamentally evil. They are determined to free the Middle East from Jewish domination. And they are growing in strength every year.
The Jews need a major Middle Eastern war to crush their enemies decisively and to make it impossible
for diem to wage war against Israel. Now, with Bill Clinton in office, and with Clinton surrounded by Jews, is the time to strike. If they do it now they can use America as their weapon, and it will be Americans rather than Israelis taking all the casualties. If they don't do it in the next four years, they may never have another chance.
The second reason the Jews need a war is to put down the growing dissent against them and their policies in the United States. The natives are becoming resdess and have to be put down. The Internet is buzzing with questions the Jews don't want asked, with complaints the Jews don't want heard, with facts the Jews don't want you to know. The Internet is a communications medium unlike any of the others we are accustomed to, such as radio, television, newspapers, and so on, in that the amount of money a communicator has is irrelevant. They can rigidly control the ideas and information that the public has access to through television, because no dissenter has enough money to buy his own television network. To a lesser extent the same thing applies to radio, newspapers, and the other information media. The program on which this publication is based, American Dissident Voices, is on radio, of course, but there are only a few stations from which we can buy time. The rest are afraid to carry our pro-
14
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
gram because of the threat of Jewish boycotts. Most Americans aren't able to listen to American Dissident Voices unless they have a good shortwave receiver or a satellite system.
That is, they weren't able to listen to American Dissident Voices broadcasts until we began making them accessible through our two Internet web sites. Now, if you are able to connect to the Internet, and if you have the proper computer equipment, you can hear this and other American Dissident Voices broadcasts just by going to either of our two web sites, which are http://www.natvan.com and http://www.natall.com. And you can listen to us anywhere in the world at any time of the day or night.
Of course, NBC and ABC and CBS also have their web sites, but we are on an equal footing with them. You can find our sites just as easily as you can find theirs, and you can read or listen to what we have to say just as easily as you can to them. Our voice is just as loud as theirs. That's true only on the Internet. They can control the flow of ideas and information to you through television, but they can't control the Internet, and it's driving them crazy.
All of the big Jewish pressure groups — the Simon Wiesenthal Center, the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, the Southern Poverty Law Center — they're all screaming about the need to stifle Politically Incorrect ideas and inconvenient facts on the Internet. But they're having a hard time convincing the American people. They've tried to establish censorship of the Internet with new laws, but so far it hasn't worked. They've come forward with all sorts of new proposals for Jewish control of the Internet.
For example, they have Internet software which to a certain extent can filter out Politically Incorrect information, and they want to make the use of this software mandatory.
If that sounds like a pretty desperate proposal, believe me, it is. They know that they cannot maintain their control over the minds of Americans unless they can control the flow of information and ideas. And if they lose their control over what Ameri-
© 2997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1997
15
cans think, they eventually will lose their political power as well.
And it's not just the Internet which is a problem for them in this regard. The American people as a whole — even Joe and Jill Sixpack — are becoming disillusioned and unhappy. Only 23 % of the electorate voted for Bill Clinton in November. More than half the electorate didn't bother to vote at all. The media have downplayed these facts, but the Jews are concerned about them. The people are being kept in line at the moment, because there are still lots of shiny new things for them to buy. But more and more Americans are beginning to look beyond their immediate material comfort and to worry about the long-term moral slide of their country. If the economy slips badly, there will be hell to pay. More and more people will listen to the dissidents.
A big problem for the Jews is how to silence the dissidents now, how to stifle the people who are asking inconvenient questions and thinking dangerous thoughts, before these thoughts spread to other people. They've tried to do it with legislation, but the country isn't yet in a mood to be told what it can think.
What the Jews need is a nice, big war. Then they can crack down on the dissidents. Then they can call us
“subversives." Then they can call us “unpatriotic," because we will be against their war. Then the government can pass laws against us, and Joe and Jill Sixpack will go along with it.
Does that still sound pretty farfetched? 1 guess it does to many of you who haven't been keeping up with what the Jews have been doing and saying during the last few years. If you're a lawyer, though, you will know that the Jews have been sending up trial balloons for years, arguing that the First Amendment needs to be rewritten so that the only speech which is protected is Politically Correct speech. And if you're an Internet person who is knowledgeable about the big debate on Internet censorship, you know how hard the big Jewish pressure groups are pushing for censorship. And if you're just a person who pays attention to what other people are thinking and feeling, you know that the discontent about the course America is on has reached an all-time high. People are worried. People are heartsick. People are asking questions they were afraid to ask a few years ago.
The Jews need to squelch this incipient revolution before it grows. They have a window of opportunity during the next four years. After Bill Clinton leaves office, anything can
happen. There undoubtedly will be a wave of popular revulsion against him and a demand for substantial change. The Jews may never again have such a pliant tool in the White House. They may never again have the power over the U.S. government that they have now.
That's why the alarm bells went off in my mind when Mr. Clinton announced who would be in charge of America's national security during the next four years. That's why I am convinced that there will be a strong effort to involve America in another major war during the next four years.
This effort will be disguised, of course. It will be cloaked in deceit, as such efforts always are. While the warmongers are scheming for war, they will tell us how much they want peace. They're good at that sort of thing. They've had a lot of practice.
But they will be scheming for war, believe me, no matter what they say. And when that war comes, remember what you have read today.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Get Set for War,” aired on December 21, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available form National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
Subscribe to Free Speech
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe!
Enclosed is $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech.
Address:
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
Mail your chack or money ordar to:
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24046
O 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Bos 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yoar
KSEYAM/FM (Wichita Falls/ Seymour, Texas, area): Every Saturday 8:30 a.m., 943 FM; and 10:00 a.m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas): every Saturday 10:00 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJ and WYAM (Huntsville/ Decalur/Hartselte, Alabama, areas):	Every	Wednesday
6:00 a.m., 1490 and 890 AM.
WT18 (Tampa/St Petersburg, Florida, area and much of central Florida):	Every
Saturday 11:30 a.m., 1110 AM
WALE (Rl, CT, and MA): Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m., 990AM
WBDN (Tampa/St Petersburg and much of central Florida):	Every	Saturday
4:30 p.m., 760AM
WRNO: This shortwave station serves North America and the world: every Saturday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 15426kHz; eveiy Saturday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time and every Sunday at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7355 kHz.
The Saturday programs may be preempted by sports events
Satellite Channel
News Flash!
Our Mlrllili provider I under new ownership. Hie new owner hie cancelled ADV because I is “too divisive." Write a protest letter to:
John stedtuaiUfi Republic Rod to PH Tippecanoe Evansville. IN 4771S
Where Will She Find It?
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
In her classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where she stands a greater than one in four chance of being raped, probably by a non-White?
We are here to make sure that more and more young people like her w/VHyTeaapepss tte -the teifer-over the air and through tHe prinid^ word. We are (the men and women of the Nmaotiftl Xlliance. lt^dimut time.	Is
National Allfliic^ ^
P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro,mPnUi^USTCH
Listen to American Dissident Voices on the Internet.
Our World Wide Web Sites are:
http://www.natvan.com
and
http://www.natall.com
Listen...
. . . every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3.00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 300 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance Box 90 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 • U.S.A.
She Needs the Truth