FREE SPEECH • MARCH 1997 • VOLUME 111, NO. 3
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession, as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for use.
Pierce
mmmm
Tho|lghtsjoii the |||<Hdo<mist* 11
I IIPPierce ill#!
Dr. William Pierce
wmmm
IN THIS ISSUE OP FREE SPEECH
Shakespeare and Democracy
mm
Skating on Thin
illflIIEtev William Pii
m





m
mm


m


wmm

Shakespeare and Democracy
Our Culture Is Not Being Passed on to Future Generations
William Shakespeare is out. Maya Angelou, Frantz Fanon, and W.E.B. DuBois are in. I'm talking about fashion at American universities.
There's been some discussion in the mass media recendy about the fact that American universities are phasing out Shakespeare and the other creators of our European culture and replacing them with non-Whites of various stripes, such as the three Black writers I just named. The impression is left by the media discussion rhat this is some sorr of fad, which, hopefully, will pass soon. The discussion was sparked by a decision on the part of the faculty at Georgetown University, the prestigious Jesuit school in Washington, to drop the requirement dial their English majors study die works of at least two authors from among Chaucer, Milton, and Shakespeare.
William Shakaapaara Ha hat inspired millions ovar tha past 400 years, but ia now being diaoardad I even by tha English department* of major universities
Now Georgetown's English majors can graduate without ever having read anything by Shakespeare. I'm not talking about Georgetown's basketball players or her business majors. I'm talking about the students who are seeking degrees in English literature. An acquaintance with Shakespeare is no longer necessary. Nor is an acquaintance with the writings of any other dead White European males, or “dwems," as they are referred to contemptuously by the Politically Correct elements at our universities these days.
And this is not a fad, nor is it restricted to Georgetown University. After Georgetown made its move, a survey was conducted among the top 70 universities in America by the National Alumni Forum, and it was found that two-thirds of them have made similar moves. Instead of studying Hamlet or Julius Caesar or MacbecH
FREE SPEECH for March 1997
... or Milton's Paradise Lost or II Pen-seroso or the works of any other great writers of English literature . . . students of English literature are studying the scribblings of miscellaneous non-White nonentities, or they are taking courses in such pop-culture topics as “The Gangster Film,” which is now offered to English majors at Georgetown in lieu of Shakespeare, or “Melodrama and Soap Opera,” which Duke University offers to its English majors instead of Milton and Chaucer.
Other universities have courses on comic books or checkout-stand tabloids or rap ditties. The ones with real pretensions to seriousness have scraped together English literature courses which actually require the study of books written in the English language, so long as they were not written by a White male — at least, not by a White male who has been dead for a long time. Jewish males, of course, are A-OK, and so the students spend plenty of time with the works of J.D. Salinger, Saul Bellow, Bernard Malamud, Herman Wouk, Norman Mailer, Philip Roth, and scores of other Jews. Unfortunately, the students are taught that the books of these Jews constitute serious English literature. It was a little harder to convince students of that when they also studied Shakespeare and Milton and could compare their writing with that of the aforementioned Jews. Now it will be easier.
As I said, this is not just a passing fad, something very trendy and liberal to suit the Clinton era. It is the outcome of a campaign which goes back more than 30 years. In the 1960s, when I was a university professor myself, anyone who had suggested that Shakespeare should be phased out of university teaching would have been thought crazy — at least, he would have been thought crazy at the university where I was teaching, which was a bit more conservative than some. But even at my university there were faculty and administration people pushing for more democracy and more “diversity.” They were promoting the idea that universities were too White and too elitist, that we needed more “diversity” among students and professors and that we should give the students more of a say in the running of the university and not leave it all to die professors.
Maya Angelou The silly poem she wrote for Clinton’s first inauguration was even made fun of by the controlled media. Nevertheless, she is replacing Shakespeare.
It was really very subde. It wasn’t until they had established their idea about the need for more democracy and more “diversity” that they moved to the next phase and began suggesting that the traditional courses in history and literature were actually a bit . . . ah . . . racist and needed to be, well . . . cleaned up a bit.
And then a few years ago you had groups of the more trendy students marching around on some campuses and chanting, “Ho, ho, ho, Western culture has got to go.” They wanted the traditional courses in Western civilization to be replaced with courses which treated all cultures equally, instead of focusing primarily on European culture. And, of course, all along Shakespeare was gradually being eased out the door. It's just now that a few people have noticed it and raised the alarm.
And even now the anti-alarmists are telling us that it's all much ado about nothing: that English literature students still can study Shakespeare if they want to — and that some universities still require their English literature majors to study Shakespeare — so
stop worrying. And, of course, that is true: students still can study Shakespeare if they want to — but there's no denying the trend. There's no denying that Shakespeare actually is being eased out the door, and that the curricula at our universities are being filled with courses which at best are worthless and at worst are destructive of the central purpose of a university, which is the training of an elite to carry on and enhance the cultural traditions of our people. Our universities actually have been subverted. They actually are being turned against us and used as weapons to destroy the civilization of which they used to be a part.
How did that happen, and why did it happen? There still are many bright people, as well as honest and well-meaning people, on the faculties of our universities. How could they let anyone subvert their institutions without noticing what was happening and opposing them?
First, I'll give a very brief answer, and dien I'll go back and explain it in detail.
Our universities were subverted without any effective opposition because, first, the subversion was done very gradually, over a period of more than three decades, and it was done by a very clever group of very determined and very well organized people who already had infiltrated our university faculties and administrations. Second, the people who should have opposed the subversion already had been morally and ideologically disarmed, so that they could only fight tactically, but not strategically. They could oppose the details of the subversion, but they could not oppose the overall campaign of subversion — and in particular, they could not attack the subverters themselves. They were fighting the subversion, in other words, with both hands tied behind their backs.
Now I'll explain this answer. Before this century, our universities more or less served their two basic purposes, one of which is to train scholars in a technical sense — the mathematicians, the chemists, and the physicists — and the other of which is to instill in a leadership elite of our young people an understanding of and a sense of commitment to our civilization, so that they can maintain that civilization
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FRhE SPEECH for March 1997
3
and add to it. The civilization that our universities were a part of was unmis-takably and unapologetically Western, which is to say, European — or if you prefer. White.
This fact did not suit some people. In particular, it did not suit the Jews, a people of Asian origin with quite different traditions and a quite different way of looking at the world. To them our universities were an obstacle which stood in the way of their penetration and domination of our civilization. And so they set about eliminating this obstacle, in their usual very carefully planned way. They were very unobtrusive at first, just infiltrating themselves gradually into university faculties and more or less behaving themselves, trying hard to convince the people at the universities that they were harmless. They worked to get rid of the restrictions the better universities had to limit their numbers, and they very cautiously pushed such ideas as democracy and equality.
It was only after the Second World War that they really came out of the closet and began pushing hard for the changes they wanted in the universities. The Second World War, after all, had been fought for the sake of democracy and equality, we all were told. We had killed millions of people in Europe in the name of democracy and equality and had turned half of Europe over to Bolshevik butchers to kill millions more after the war. After that, how could we oppose democracy and equality in our universities? We needed to open the doors of our universities to everyone, regardless of race, creed, sexual orientation, national origin, et cetera. We not only needed to open the doors, we needed to reach out and pull in hundreds of thousands of young people who before never would have thought of attending a university.
Of course, there was some opposition to all of this. Some university people expressed concern about the lowering of standards required to ao commodate all of the new students, especially the Black students. And they were assured by die proponents of democracy and equality that standards would not be lowered: that die universities could absorb Black students and all sorts of other students without low-
An ADL Pamphlet from 1949 The campaign to make America’s universities anti-White was very gradual. At first, it was said that a few exceptional Black students should be admitted to White universities. Much later it was suggested that standards should be lowered to allow more Blacks in. (In 1949 almost no schools refused to accept Jews, but a few tried to keep the percentage of Jewish students about same as the percentage of Jews in the general population.)
ering their standards at all. To suggest that they couldn't was tantamount to racism; it was tantamount to claiming that Black students could not graduate in significant numbers unless standards were lowered. And this was where the people who should have defended our universities against the subverters were stuck. They didn't want to admit to racism, so they really couldn't fight effectively to maintain standards that clearly worked to the disadvantage of Blacks. And they didn't want to admit to anti-Semitism, so they couldn't really take off the, gloves against the ringleaders of the subversion. So they retreated, step by step.
Of course, pretty soon many more people than the original Jews were involved in the subversion. As the number of students at the universities increased enormously, many empires were built and many vested interests established. The salaries of many peo-
ple at the universities have become dependent on how many students they have. Professors who teach courses in basket-weaving or golf or the-comic-book-as-iiterature become fiercely defensive and can give you all sorts of reasons why their courses are important. And there has been a growing tendency to cater to the desires of the students: not to teach them what the professors know they ought to be taught, but instead to teach them what they think they want to learn. For young people raised on television and permissiveness, what they often choose are fun courses, trendy courses, trivial courses, and what they often neglect are the serious and more demanding courses. Universities, instead of scholarly institutions, have become to a large extent economic enterprises: that is, commercial institutions selling education, and the customers all too often are assumed to be right. Sometimes when a university offers a huge assortment of Mickey Mouse courses, it's hard to separate the economic motive of wanting to keep the customers coming in the door and lining up at the cash register, from the ideological motive of wanting to be democratic by having curricula that will be easy enough for everybody.
But despite the economic factors and other factors which have degraded American universities, the motive to destroy our culture and undermine our civilization continues to provide a powerful driving force for subversion. Political Correctness was born at our universities, and it reigns supreme there. University professors must toe the party line on race, on equality, on history, and on matters relating to sex and sexual orientation. And the party line is anti-White, anti-European, anti-Western. It is strongly influenced by the interests of feminists, homosexuals, and Jews.
One factor which obscures the seriousness of this problem is its uneven effects. It has devastated some academic disciplines and left others relatively undamaged. If one wants to become a mathematician, for example, there are many universities which still offer top-quality mathematics curricula. The Red Guards have not yet gotten around to applying the canons of Political Correctness to mathematics.
<£P 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/ytar
SPEECH for March 1997
chronic ineptitude and appalling iniq. uity on the part of others.
In the second place it provides the indispensable basis for a seme of peoplehood, a sense of rootedness, a sense of racial identity. It is nor something you want spread around when you are trying to reduce a population to a mass of roodess, cosmopolitan, interchangeable human atoms.
Finally, history gives us some very inconvenient truths, especially about the origins and conduct of the two world wars in which we have participated in this century. Perhaps the undergraduates will sit meekly in their classrooms and soak up whatever lies the professor dishes out, but it's still dangerous because some of the students may develop a real interest in the subject and do some reading or real research on their own, and there's no telling what sort of Politically Incorrect things they may discover.
And literature . . . well, that's at least as dangerous as history. Who can read the Iliad without his blood beginning to race and without feeling a connection to those ancient people and events? Who cannot be moved by the same spirit which moved Homer? And that spirit has nothing to do with the sickly spirit of democracy and equality. Dangerous stuff, indeed!
And then there's Shakespeare! There was never a man who observed the human condition with truer eye than he. He stripped away every pretense and showed us as we are, the good and the bad — but hardly equal! The great danger in literature — in real literature, in great literature — for the democrats and the egalitarians is that it helps us to understand ourselves and to place ourselves in the context of our people. It helps us to complete ourselves and to become whole. It expands our horizons, helps us to see the big picture. It gives us ideals, models — and those ideals, in our literature, are not egalitarian ideals. Nor are the models Politically Corrects in fact, i hey are much more likely to be heroes than democrats.
And the people who run most of our universities these days are frightened by that prospect. In their view it is much better to feed our young people the sick, Semitic, anti-heroic blath-
A Rockwell Kent illustration from Shakespeare’s Troilus and Cressida Mwte European literature often portrays heroes and tends to inspire, Jewish literature often portrays arfc-hsros and tends to demoralize
It helps, of course, that most basketball players don’t care much for math.
But if a young person is interested in literature or history, he is likely to be badly alio mi ranged at most American universities. These are subjects on which tlie Red Ouards have left their mark, and u is easy to understand why.
History is an inherently racist subject, although 1 can hear die gutless wonders who try to teach it
squealing in protest at that verdict. History is racist because, in the first place, it involves the study of what various peoples and individuals actually liave done, not what the theorists of democ racy and equality would like to leave ut believe they have done.
1 hstory gives us a continuing proof of due fact that there is no equality in the It it a record of heroic accomplishment and outstanding virtue on the pan of some, contrasted with
€> 1991 « National Vangimrg Books • Boa HO * Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/
yea I
er of a Bellow ot a Malamud or a Mailer than to let diem get carried away with die dangerous, undemocratic ideas of Homer or Shakespeare.
And so our universities have become what they have become. And the people who should have stopped it from happening didn’t, because they were afraid to deal with the fundamental issues. They were afraid to deal radically with the problem.
And now, looking at the situation objectively, it is still possible to study
FREE SPEECH for March 1997
hard and to learn at our universities — at least, in most curricula. That is undeniable. But it also is undeniable that the average graduate of our universities is seriously deficient in the arts of civilization. And that's the way the subverters of our universities want it.
It's a serious problem. We have a job to do at our universities someday which will make Hercules' cleansing of the Augean stables seem like good, clean fun. Let's hope that we can be-
gin that job before Shakespeare has disappeared completely down the Memory Hole.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Shakespeare and Democracy/’ aired on February 2, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available form National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
Skating on Thin Ice
Those Who Would Destroy Us Are Getting Worried
I've been astounded by all of the public attention focused on the decision of a school board in Oakland, California — a Black district — to treat the Blade version of English, or “Ebonics*’ as they call it, as a separate language in the schools. What goes on in their schools is their business, and if they want to learn Swahili or invent a pseudo-grammar for Black English, let them. So far as I'm concerned, the farther they separate themselves from White America, linguistically or otherwise, the better.
But the liberals in the media don't look at it quite that way. They're fascinated by the Ebonics issue, but they don't know quite how to deal with it. On the one hand they hate to see anything which separates Blacks from Whites or calls their ideology of egalitarianism into question. On the other hand, they have long had such a patronizing attitude toward Blacks that they can't quite bring themselves to respond negatively to anything Blacks do, no matter how foolish. The liberals have encouraged the development of “Blade studies” programs in the schools and then have smiled patronizingly when Blacks have gone off on wild and nutty “Black history” tangents: for example, their claim that the ancient Egyptians and Carthaginians were Blacks. They even claim that the Greek queen of Egypt, Cleopatra, was Black,
in fact, die latest craze among “Black history” endiusiasts is a curriculum called the “African-American
Baseline Essays.” Courses based on this curriculum teach students in our public schools that not only were the ancient Egyptians Negroes, but that they were great scientists and inventors, who developed quantum mechanics and the theory of evolution and built airplanes, which they used to fly around the pyramids for business and pleasure . . . until, of course, the evil Europeans appeared on thq scene and enslaved them and stole their inventions. They're actually teaching such things to children in the public schools in Milwaukee and a number of other cities, and it's beginning to make the liberals a little uncomfortable. To the liberals, Blacks are above reproach. So how to tell them that they're on a self-destructive course with Ebonics and their Black Egyptian aeronauts?
Well, anyways, bro,' dat' be de way I sees it.
Actually, it's good to have a little comic relief occasionally. What the liberals and their pets are doing to our world usually isn't very funny. Have you seen some of the newer programs on television? If you haven't looked recendy at what MTV is offering to our teenagers, make a point to survey their programs. They are pushing as hard as they (an the idea that miscegenation —■ diat sex between Whites and Blacks — is a natural and good thing, a fashionable thing. They are deliberately and blatandy encouraging teen-aged White girls to have sexual relations with Blacks.
Now, I don't mean to imply by what I've just said that the Jewish owner of MTV, Mr. Sumner Redstone, as he calls himself these days, is a fuzzy-minded liberal. Mr. Redstone is no liberal. He is a hardheaded man who knows exaedy what he's doing. The liberals are the trendy Gentile idiots who smile approvingly at Mr. Redstone — and who frown disapprovingly at me when I point out that he is a Jew and that he is doing what he does because he is a Jew.
Mr. Redstone and his fellow Jews are far more dangerous and destructive than the liberals, even though they depend on the liberals to make their destructive work possible and to pro-tea them from retribution. Liberals are essentially irrational, and left to themselves can easily wreck a society, but the damage liberals do is usually inadvertent. When they encouraged Blacks to believe themselves equal in ability to Whites, they didn't really anticipate the nutty extremes to which this would lead Blacks. And when liberals cheered the drive by the controlled media for all of those “civil rights” laws of the last few decades, they didn't really anticipate the wrecking of our schools and our cities that would result. Liberals always are wringing their hands, lamenting the mess their programs have made ot things, and then pushing for even nuttier programs to try to fix die mess.
Mr. Redstone and the other media bosses are quite different. They know widi a satanic certainty what
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/yiar
FREE SPEECH for March 1997
6
Sumner Redstone
they are doing. When Mr. Redstone encourages teenaged White girls to date Blacks, his motivation is purely satanic. His conscious and deliberate aim is the destruction of our race. But the liberals aren't capable of understanding that. To them Mr. Redstone is a nice man, a progressive man, who just wants us all, Black and White, to Love each other.
In addition to the media bosses, who're deliberately destroying America, and the liberals, who're helping them without really understanding what's happening, there's another really big group of people who must take some of the blame. Those are the folks we might call individualists. They don't actively collaborate with people like Mr. Redstone, the way the liberals do. And they generally have oniy contempt for the liberals. They figure that their job is to look out for themselves, and everyone else can do the same. I run into a lot of these people among White businessmen, but they're really spread through our society, in all occupations. Most of these indtvidualistft aren't malicious, like die Jewish media bosses, and they have a much better grip on reality dian the liberals do. What they lack is any sense of responsibility. Ask one of these individualists what he thinks about the fact (hat some public schools are teaching that die ancient Egyptians were Black and were flying airplanes 4,000 years before die White
man flew. His one concern will be that his children not be in such a school. If the schools want to teach that to the children of other Whites, that's not his concern. He may agree with you that such teaching is ridiculous, but he knows that anybody who says so publicly risks being branded a “racist,” and that's bad for business.
Ask an individualist what he thinks about Mr. Redstone's poisonous race-mixing propaganda on MTV, and he will back away from you in a hurry. His thought will be that he has nothing personal to gain from being involved in that dispute. Mention to him Redstone's Jewishness, and he will turn around and start running. He knows that any criticism of the Jews is very bad for business. If you try to drag him into that, he will become hostile to you, not to Mr. Redstone. And he'll be thinking, “Hey, 1 can keep my own daughter away from Blacks, and I don't have time to worry about what Mr. Redstone does to other people's daughters.” And, unfortunately, all too often he'll be dead wrong about his ability to keep his own daughter safe.
Many individualists have a strong authoritarian streak in them. They respect not only authority, but also money and power. They have a subconscious conviction that anyone with as much money as Mr. Redstone has can't be all bad. They can't help but admire him as a smart and successful businessman, even if his business is genocide. An authoritarian individualist is a person who habitually ignores facts which lead to inconvenient conclusions. He is a person who may despise draft dodgers and drug abusers and men who use the power of a public office to coerce women into having sex with them — and yet he will jump at the chance to shake hands with a man who is all of those things, if that man happens to be the President of the United States. He'U say, “Yes sir, Mr. President!” with a proud grin on his face, no matter what sort of filth happens to be President.
Now, if you add up all of the people I've mentioned so fan the soft-brain liberals, the no-brain couch potatoes, and the individualists, you've got a majority of the White population. So how can the minority of us
who're concerned about what Mr Redstone is doing and believe that he must be stopped at any cost. . , how can we hope to prevail? How can stop Mr. Redstone and the other me-dia bosses from completing their program of destroying our people, when the liberals are against us, when the individualists will take orders from whoever has the power at the moment, and when most of the rest of the people neither understand nor care what's going on? How can we prevail?
Perhaps you believe that I make these broadcasts just because it is my moral responsibility to do so, that I expose myself to the hatred of the government and the controlled media and all of their supporters just because it is the right thing to do, whether there is any chance of making a difference or not.
1 must tell you that I believe that every man and every woman should do what he or she believes to be right, without regard for the personal consequences. I believe that every White person has a moral obligation to oppose Mr. Redstone, whether he can see a way to defeat him or not — and I often am disappointed that so few actually accept this responsibility.
But I also must tell you that there is more than a sense of moral obligation which compels me to work for the future of our people and to expose myself to the hatred of our enemies. There is also my conviction that, powerful as our enemies may seem now, ultimately they cannot win. The liberals cannot win, because the world that they want cannot exist. The liberals believe in equality, and there is no equality, there never has been, and there never will be. They want a world which is contrary to Mother Nature and to human nature, and there is no way they can have it. That is why every program the liberals have been able to persuade the government to enforce on us has been a failure.
And Mr. Redstone and his fellow Jews cannot win because they are destroyers, not creators. Throughout history they have destroyed nation after nation, but it is because of their inherently destructive nature that they never have been able to fasten their grip on any nation permanently. Their own account in the Old Iesta-
H j 997 f National Vanguard Books • Box HO • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/y*ar
FREE SPEECH for March 1997
7
ment of what they did to Egypt before they moved on serves as a paradigm for what they have done always and everywhere.
Of course, it is not enough that our enemies eventually should fail. They must fail before they have completely destroyed every prospect for a healthy future for us. We must get rid of them while there is still a possibility for rebuilding, while there still are enough sound White people left to make a new start. 1 believe we can do that.
I believe that the enemies of White America will fail, will become weak enough for us to destroy them, soon enough for us to salvage a future for our people, because I can see the dear signs of their impending failure all around me. 1 can see the signs that their system is coming unglued, that they are losing their grip on things already.
What most of us are able to see of the world outside our own neighborhoods is only what we see on television, only what the controlled media let us see. And of course, they want to convince us that their grip is still very firm, that they still have everything under control, that their programs are working, that most people are satisfied, and that there is no stopping them, that they are inevitable, the wave of the future.
But if that were so, why would they choose as badly flawed a front man as Bill Clinton? Why not choose someone who could win the respect of a substantial portion of the public? If they really had a grip on things they wouldn't need a President so crippled by scandal and by his own obvious moral inadequacies that he could win the support of only 23 per cent of the electorate. They cnose Clinton only because they need someone who will be completely under their control:	someone who needs
them as much as they need him. They are afraid to have someone in office who might be strong enough to oppose them — or have enough public support to oppose them — because they know just how quickly the game would be over for them if any President stood up against them and called on all decent people to stand up with him and rid the country of people like Mr. Redstone. They know just how unstable the country has become, just
Rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg (AKA Calvin Broadus)
Without Mr. Redstone he would be just another Black criminal known only to his victims. Because of Mr. Redstone's ceaseless promotion he is idolized not only by young Blacks, but by the unfortunate, misled young Whites who watch MTV.
how much anger and resentment is boiling right under the surface, just how precarious their position really is.
If most Americans felt like the ones they show on television, bubbling about how wonderful all of the “diversity” in our society is, the media bosses and their collaborators wouldn't be so desperate to silence dissent. But they really are desperate. The big Jewish organizations, like the Simon Wiesenthal Center, Morris Dees's Southern Poverty Law Center, and the B'nai B'rith, are constandy agitating for new laws to silence people like me — and, in fact, to silence everyone who doesn't like Mr. Redstone and his program to mix the races. If they were confident that the public agreed widi their programs, they wouldn't need to silence us. They could just laugh at us. But they're not laughing. They're sweating.
There's a new book out by the best-known Black newspaper columnist in America, Carl Rowan. It's called The Coming Race War in America, and it's absolutely nutty. It is completely paranoid. Rowan, as a longtime journalist, has a little better view of what's going on and what people are thinking than most of us. He gets a lot of letters from angry people — mostly angry White men. And they've scared him out of his wits. He really believes that Newt Gingrich, Patrick Buchanan, Gordon Liddy, and I — along with many, many other White men — are engaged in a gigantic conspiracy to overthrow the government and get rid of all die non-Whites.
I wish it were so; I really do. But the fact is that Rowan, like many other liberals, Black and White, is very jumpy, very nervous, very worried, very insecure. 1 hey are seeing conspiracies where there are none — yet.
24946 • $40/year
It is because they know how much an* get there is out there, how fed up many people are. They know that the house of cards the media bosses and the liberals have built is in danger of getting knocked down. But their fear makes them imagine dangers that don't really exist — yet.
Yes, Carl Rowan has gone around the bend with his paranoia. But where he imagines dangers, I see real prospects for hopeful developments. The biggest hope 1 have is based on what I have learned about public opinion. There's a huge swing element out there, which right now is supporting the status quo, because the people in this element are to a very large extent the individualists and the authoritarians. These people are not ideologues. They have no commitment to liberalism or to what Mr. Redstone is doing. They give passive support to these destructive policies now, because most of them don't yet feel personally threatened or personally damaged by them — and they still look to the government and to the mass media as authorities which should be respected and obeyed.
Furthermore, the alternative to the status quo is unacceptable to the individualists. The prospect of chaos and conflict is unacceptable. They know that a strong move against the government at this time would lead to conflict and chaos. They know that a
FREE SPEECH for March 1997
strong move against the minorities would lead to rioting and conflict. They don't want that. The status quo, no matter its problems, seems better — for now, anyway.
They always respect power, and as long as Mr. Redstone and his fellow media bosses seem powerful, the individualists will go along with them and will not oppose them. But when they no longer seem powerful, the individualists will withdraw their support. They will not fight for Mr. Redstone and his policies like the liberals will. And when the status quo becomes bad enough that conflict and chaos no longer look so bad in comparison, they also will withdraw their support for the status quo.
So to a large extent it's a matter of perception, and that's a rather fragile thing. And it's evident to everyone that perceptions are shifting, • that they're not what they used to be even ten years ago. There is much more of a feeling of instability and uncertainty in the air. And that feeling will increase. Perceptions will continue to shift, because the destructive process which has been set in motion by Mr. Redstone and the other enemies of our people will continue. Things which used to be solid and safe will continue to be undermined. And there's not too much our enemies can do about that. It's the price they must
pay for carrying on their destructive activity.
The recent Presidential election it an example. They wanted a complete* ly pliable tool in the White House, someone who will do whatever they tell him, someone utterly without principle or scruple. Well, they got their tool, but the price they paid is a lowering of respect for the government. The price they paid is getting their tool in with the support of only 23 percent of the electorate, a new low. And the process will continue. Carl Rowan and the liberals know it — or at least sense it — and that's what makes them paranoid. They sense that the ice they're skating on is getting thinner and thinner.
The ice will break sooner than anyone imagines. Our responsibility is to remain a beacon of truth and of hope for a healthy future, and to become a brighter and brighter beacon, so that when the ice does break, enough people will know which way to turn.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Skating on Thin Ice,” aired on January 25, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available form National Vanguard Books for $12.95.

Subscribe to Free Speech
If you received this copy of FREE SPEECH as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe!
Enclosed is $40 for a one year subscription to FREE SPEECH
Name:
Address:
Your subscription helps to keep AMERICAN DISSIDENT VOICES on the air


iivvifiivK'vv'f


FREE SPEECH for March 1997
9
Thoughts on the “Holocaust”
The Dishonest Label “Holocaust Denier” Is Used to Prevent Questioning
There has been a lot of commotion in the controlled media recendy about Swiss bankers who supposedly are hiding the assets of various Jews who perished more than 50 years ago, during the Second World War, in the so-called “Holocaust.” The idea is that during the war Jews in Germany, France, and other European countries squirreled their money away in secret Swiss bank accounts so the Germans couldn’t get it. Then the Jews were hauled off to concentration camps or otherwise came to an end, and their money still remains in the secret Swiss accounts. The news stories have hinted that the Swiss bankers have been remiss in simply keeping the money in the accounts, rather than searching for heirs or turning it over to Jewish organizations. It has been suggested that billions of dollars of Jewish money is being kept from the Jews to whom it rightfully belongs. Jewish groups are demanding that the Swiss set up a fund immediately to reimburse “Holocaust” survivors.
The Swiss, who are proud of the integrity of their banking system, are naturally indignant about these Jewish allegations that they have behaved improperly. The outgoing president of Switzerland, Jean-Pascal Delamuraz, called the Jewish media campaign “extortion” and “blackmail.” The Jews and the media have responded by clamoring even more insistendy that the Swiss should pay billions of dollars to the Jews. In fact they now have begun making demands against Sweden as well. The Jews claim that the Germans bought raw materials from Sweden during the war using gold that had been confiscated from Jews, and that now Sweden owes that gold to Jewish “Holocaust” survivors.
Ids really an amazing campaign. The Swiss bankers have said repeatedly that they have checked their inactive accounts in die past, and that they are holding at most a few million dollars which may belong to die relatives of Jews wljuo died during the war, diat it could not possibly amount to the bil-
lions of dollars the Jews are claiming, and that they have treated the accounts of their Jewish depositors just like they treat all of their accounts. Yet the media virtually ignore what the Swiss say and continue to raise a huge hullabaloo about the poor, persecuted Jews and how they are being done wrong by the Swiss and the Swedes. And, of course, the U.S. politicians are jumping into the act, demanding that the Swiss and the Swedes satisfy the Jews. It's really amazing.
You know, 1 haven't talked much in the past about the so-called “Holocaust,” because I've felt that really is a job for the historians, and I'm not a professional historian. Unfortunately, however, the “Holocaust” is one of those politically sensitive subjects which makes professional historians very nervous. Jews — and apologists for the Jews — have written literally thousands of “Holocaust” books during the past 50 years, and many of the claims made in these books are patently false. The professional historians know that, but they hesitate to say anything, lest they be branded as “Holocaust deniers” by the powerful Jewish organizations and by the controlled news media.
Because of this timidity on the part of the professionals, perhaps we amateurs really have an obligation to speak out more. This whole “Holocaust” business is a fascinating subject, and there's much to be learned from looking into it, even if one isn't a professional historian. Take, for example, the label of “Holocaust denier,” which is pasted on anyone who dares to ask questions about the “Holocaust.” If I comment publicly that the official figure for the number of Jews who died in the big concentration and labor camp at Auschwitz, in Poland, has been revised downward recently by the Polish government from an earlier figure of four million to about one million, and 1 suggest that perhaps that means that the famous figure of “six million* Jews killed by the Germans also needs to be revised downward •—
if I make such a suggestion, then I'm immediately denounced as a “Holocaust denier.” That's the standard phrasing that's been agreed on by all of the big Jewish outfits, the news media, the bought politicians, and so on: “Holocaust denier.” That's what you're called if you question anything about the official myth It's a crooked tactic. It deliberately makes it look like you're denying that there ever was any such thing as a “Holocaust.” It's a label that's designed to make any questioner look like some sort of extremist who denies that anything at all happened to the Jews during the Second World War. That's crooked, isn't it?
I know that Jews were killed during the war. I've talked with German soldiers who shot Jews. In the war against the Soviet Union and Communism, the Germans found that virtually all of the Jews they encountered on the Eastern Front were Communist partisans, that Jews were heavily involved in Communist guerrilla activities, in sabotage, and in other hostile actions against the Germans. Often the only way to pacify an area was to round up all of the Jews and ship them off to a concentration camp or to shoot them. Most of the other folks on the Eastern Front — the Poles, the Ukrainians, often even the Russians — were happy enough to have the German Army get the Communists off their backs, but the Jews were fanatically pro-Communist. The Soviet Political Commissars who were attached to all Red Army units to spy on ordinary Russian soldiers and look for any signs of Political Incorrectness nearly always were Jews, and the German Army in many cases separated these Jewish Political Commissars from their Russian prisoners of war and shot the commissars.
I also know that Germans didn't like Jews, and Hitler especially didn't like them, and as a consequence the German government tried very hard to encourage Jews to leave Germany, even before the war. Laws were passed limiting Jewish participation in
10
FREE SPEECH for March 1997
and the German government durir that period. I knew that the Germar didn't like Jews, but I also knew tfo the German Army was the best disc plined army in the world. I knewtfo they had a better record of behavior i the countries they occupied than an other army in the Second World Wa — including the U.S. Army. I had ur til that point believed the stories tha the Germans had methodically herd© the Jews into gas chambers. But I n ally doubted that any disciplined arm' would tolerate its soldiers just killinj prisoners for sport.
If you saw the anti-German propa ganda film which came out a couple ol years ago, Schindler's List, you will re member that it portrayed the German commandant of a labor camp shooting Jewish inmates with a hunting rifle from his balcony. That was the sort of thing I had questioned when I first encountered these stories. And yet, very few other people were questioning these accounts. Newspapers and magazines and books were reporting them as if they were unquestionably true.
I began looking into the matter in detail, and I discovered many interesting things. I discovered that some Jews had been killed, and I discovered the circumstances under which they were killed. I discovered that many more Jews simply died under the conditions that existed toward the end of the war, when malnutrition and disease were rampant in the prison camps. I discovered that the total number of Jews who were killed and who died of disease was substantially less than the six million daimed by the Jewish propagandists. Most important, I discovered that a great many lies had been told about what had happened during the “Holocaust." I discovered that most of the tales about gas chambers — that is, the ones that could be checked out — were not true.
I discovered that not a single one of die stories about bashing out babies' brains or throwing children off buildings or shooting prisoners with hunting rifles for sport, a la Schindler's List, could be substantiated, and that they were all almost certainly false.
All of this is interesting in itself at least, it is interesting to me. It is a putt of our history. I could talk all day about the details, about the facts that 1
German POWs After WWII After the war. many German POWs were housed in camps like this. Virtually the only shel was provided by trenches dug in the ground by the prisoners. Although it was much easier obtain and distribute food now that the war was over, the prisoners were given starvation diets The death rate at such camps was estimated at 30% per year. In fact, more Germans died afti the war than during it. Why is this rarely mentioned by the media as a crime against humanity?
some professions — such as the law and publishing — where they were heavily overrepresented.
So I know that something did happen to the Jews in Europe both before and during the Second World War, and if they want to call that something a “Holocaust,” that's all right with me. 1 don't deny that something did happen. 1 don't deny that there was a “Holocaust.” I'm just interested in checking the details, in checking the facts. But as soon as I or anyone else does that, we're called “Holocaust deniers,*
That's interesting, because the obvious intent of the people who use that label is to discourage us from asking questions. They don't want the details checked. They don't want anyone looking for any facts other than the of ffdal facts they present to us. And af ter being called a “Holocaust denier” a hundred times or so. I've cotne to believe that die reason tliey don't want their fet*** checked is that they know that in many cases dieir facts are falsa* Thar's really crooked *r but 1 believe
that to be an accurate assessment of the situation.
I first became interested in the “Holocaust” enough to want to check it out when I encountered some especially fanciful accounts by so-called “survivors.” I read accounts by Jews who claimed that they saw German soldiers grabbing Jewish babies by their legs and swinging their heads against brick walls to smash out their brains. One Jewess told of witnessing German soldiers carrying Jewish children one at a time up the stairs to the top of a building, throwing them off, and laughing when they hit the pavement below and were killed. Other Jew# made the claim that they saw German guard# separate Jews out from prisoner# arriving at concentration camps, pour gasoline on them, and set them afire, right on the train platform. And there were oilier stories about Jewish prisoners with colorful tattoos being selected from die camps and then akinned to dial dieir tattooed •kin could be made into Uinp«bade«* Now, dictc »torie» Juat didti t Jibe wit » what 1 knew about die German Army
FREE SPEECH for March 1997
discovered when 1 began looking into the “Holocaust,” but 1 don't want to bore you. If you really want to know the details, write to the Institute for Historical Review. They're experts, and they're honest. Their address is:
Institute for Historical Review
P O Box 2739
Newport Beach, CA 92659
To me what’s even more interesting about the “Holocaust” story than all of the holes in it is the motivation behind it, the way the story is being used today, and the response of various elements of our society to it. Let's go back for a moment to that deliberately misleading label of “Holocaust denier” that I mentioned earlier. If you've spent any time exploring the Internet — especially some of the political discussion groups on the Internet — you'll have heard that term “Holocaust denier” often enough. It's not that the “Holocaust” is a hot topic of discussion on the Internet. It isn't. But it is discussed occasionally, along with just about every other topic under the sun, and it's discussed openly, without fear. The Internet is just about the only place left where one can discuss politically sensitive topics openly. And that just drives the big Jewish censorship organizations crazy. They don't want any open discussion of the “Holocaust.” They’re terrified of it. The Simon Wiesenthal Center has been especially loud in its complaints about the lack of censorship on the Internet. Without censorship, they complain, the “Holocaust deniers” can say anything they want. If we don't censor the Internet, the “Holocaust deniers” can come right into your home and contaminate your child's mind while he's using his computer to do his homework.
They've tried to intimidate people into silence. They'll have one of their own people claim to be a World War II veteran, and his standard line will be, “Hey, don’t try to tell me there wasn't a Holocaust. 1 was there. 1 saw the bodies. So don't try to tell me there wasn't a Holocaust.”
Now, that sort of tactic may work on television, where they control the whole medium and no one can contradict them. But on the Internet people have been contradicting them. People
have been saying, “Hey, we're not trying to tell you there were no bodies. We just want to know how many bodies. We want to know how they died.” But they will not engage in a rational discussion with you. If one trick won't silence you, they'll try another. They'll say, “What difference does it matter how many? If only one Jew were killed just for being a Jew, that's a terrible crime. That's a Holocaust.” That's supposed to embarrass you into shutting up. But on the Internet you can come back and say, “Well, what about the Germans who were killed just because they were Germans. What about the Russians and the Ukrainians and the Hungarians who were killed by some Jewish Commissar just because they were anti-Com-munists? Don't they count? Wasn't that a crime for which someone should be held accountable?”
They don't like to hear that. They really don't. Try it sometime, if you have a thick skin and don't mind having them shriek insults at you.
Their final line of defense is governmental force, governmental repression. If they can't embarrass you into silence, they turn to the politicians and demand laws to make you shut up. That's what they've already done in Europe and in Canada, where you can be jailed for being a “Holocaust denier” — which means, for questioning anything at all about what really happened. There are many people in German prisons now who made the mistake of saying, “Hey, I was a guard at such and such a prison camp during the war, and there was no gas chamber there.” In Britain, they already have laws against criticizing Jews, but they want the laws toughened, and so they've turned to the politicians. And, I'm sorry to say, the politicians in Britain are just about as crooked a lot as we have here. The chairman of the British Labor Party, Tony Blair, is a real piece of filth, of about the same quality as Bill Clinton. He hopes to be the new prime minister after the parliamentary elections coming up in May. He has announced, with a little prodding from tiie Labor Party's Jewish backers, that when he is prime minister he will pro-pose a new law making “Holocaust denial a specific crime, so that anyone
# 1991 * National Vanguard Books * Box 330 * Hillsboro » WV 24946 • $40/y€ar
Tony Blair
The most likely candidate to become the next Prime Minister of Britain is as willing to pander to Jews and other non-Whites as Clinton is. Here he is participating in a Hindu ceremony in London’s Swaminarayan Temple in an effort to win the support of Britian’s Asians.
who questions whether or not there was a gas chamber in such and such a place can be locked up, just as in Germany.
And that's what they want in America too. The Jewish lawyers and journalists and professors — and their Gentile collaborators — already are working hard to persuade people that the First Amendment to our Constitution needs to be scrapped, or at least rewritten. The Founding Fathers never intended to protect all types of speech, they say. They never intended to protect indecent or hurtful speech. And to deny the “Holocaust” is indecent and hurtful. They're working hard on it. The trendier Gentiles already are falling into line. Believe me, they'll be making a strong push to abolish free speech in America soon. They'll tell us that it's for our own good.
But it's for their own good, not ours. That's the most interesting insight I gained from checking out the “Holocaust.” I learned why they push it so hard, why they've made so many Hollywood propaganda films like Schindler's List, why they've told so many whoppers about bashing out babies' brains and making lampshades out of skinned Jews, why they talked the politicians into letting them have a Holocaust Museum in Washington, why they've gotten politicians at the state level to pass laws requiring that the public schools carry “Holocaust” indoctrination courses, and why they're so desperate to stop people from asking questions.
It's not just because they're afraid of being exposed as liars if they stop defending their old lies with new lies. It's not just because they hate the Germans and like to beat them over the head with the “Holocaust.” And it's
FREE SPEECH for March 1997
not just because they find the “Holocaust” a convenient excuse for the crimes they have committed and still are committing against the Palestinian people. There's a much bigger reason than all of these things — and a much more dangerous reason for us, for our people.
But you are an intelligent person with at least a little bit of open-mindedness, a little bit of mental independence, or you wouldn't be reading this magazine. Why don't you discover for yourselves why the Jews are so defensive about the “Holocaust,” why they are so afraid for anyone to ask questions about it? It's an easy thing to do, and 1 believe it'll be much more convincing if you find out for yourselves, instead of having me tell you. There are thousands of books out there that they've written. Go into any large bookstore or library and you'll find books about the “Holocaust” by the
top “Holocaust” promoters, Jews like Elie Wiesel and Simon Wiesenthal. Read these books with an open mind, with a questioning mind. Think about the claims they make. Then get a copy of our book catalog and read a couple of the books we sell — or read some books from the Institute for Historical Review — and think about what you read in these books too. Make up your own mind. I believe you'll find it an illuminating and rewarding experience.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Thoughts on the “Holocaust,” aired on February 8, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available form National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
Time to Stop Listening
Comments on Current Events
I don't watch much television, but 1 do try to catch the NBC Evening News every day, so that I can keep up with the party line. Tom Brokaw is an excellent actor, and 1 can tell from the expression on his face and the degree of enthusiasm in his voice — or the degree of disapproval — as he reads the news just what line the media bosses are pushing on each issue which comes up. Of course, 1 try to find out what really happened from more reliable sources, but I always like to know what the official version is, a la NBC, as well as the true version.
Usually Tom Brokaw is very good at appearing credible. That's what he's paid for more than anything else, of course. The media bosses don't want the lemmings doubting the party line, and so Brokaw tries very hard to give an impression of honesty, of trustworthiness, of folksy credibility. And usually he's pretty good at it. But some things he reports are just too fantastic
Madeleine Albright Everyone seems to have known she was a Jew but she herself. Is this believable?
to believe. One of the most unbelievable things 1 have ever heard him say was a recent report he gave that our new Jewish secretary of state, Madeleine Albright, had just discovered that she is a Jewess, that she had no inkling of her Jewishness before becoming secretary of state. Brokaw
gave us a little hocus pocus about Jewish tombstones in Prague and Jewish grandparents who had disappeared at Auschwitz, and how these things had been revealed very recendy to Albright, surprising her gready and leading her to the conclusion that she is not really the Gentile Episcopalian she formerly had thought she was, but a Jewess. Wow!
Now, I've been telling the world for the last four years that Madeleine Albright is Jewish. 1 knew, of course, about her pretense to Episcopalian-ism, but 1 also knew many other things about her — including the fact that both her parents were Jews from the former Czechoslovakia. And now she is trying to persuade us peasants, with the help of the media bosses, that she didn't know. That is just not credible, no matter how hard Tom Brokaw tries to keep a straight face when he tells us.
Gee, all Madeleine had to do was look in a mirror at any time during the last 59 years to know what she
FREE SPEECH for March 1997
13
was. Shades of Golda Meier! Are we supposed to believe that Madeleine’s totally pro-Israel policy throughout her public life was based on a belief that she was a Gentile? Are we supposed to believe that her hawkish, bloodthirsty policy toward everyone else in the Middle East besides Israel has had nothing to do with her Jewishness? Are we supposed to believe that all of her Jewish political connections and the fact that she already had surrounded herself with Jewish advisors and assistants at the State Department are just coincidences? Are we supposed to believe the top politicians in Washington didn't know she is Jewish, and the Senate just rubber-stamped her appointment to be secretary of state because they like her looks? Are we supposed to believe that the media bosses have been in love with her for the same reason?
Come on, now! Everybody knew what Madeleine was, except the general public. At the time Clinton nominated her to be secretary of state the Jewish newspapers were ecstatic — that is, the Jewish newspapers that only Jews are supposed to read, where you usually can get some hint of what they're really thinking, unlike the Jewish newspapers for Gentile consumption, like the New York Times and the Washington Post. These were happy with her too, of course, but they naturally cited reasons more likely to appeal to non-Jews to explain their happiness. The Arab newspapers were very unhappy about her appointment and referred to her Jewishness as a reason for their unhappiness. Now Madeleine and the New York Times want us to believe that the Arabs knew she was a Jew, but she didn't know. And the New York Times also is telling us, “Don't worry. Her being a Jew won't change die way she does her job as secretary of state.” In an editorial on February 6 the New York Times also told us that Madeleine has a “strong record of support for * . | human rights." They're talking about die same Madeleine Albright who last year on
the interview program 60 Minutes said that causing the deaths of 500,000 Iraqi children with an embargo which keeps food and medicine out of Iraq was a reasonable price to pay in order to keep Saddam Hussein from threatening Israel. Some humanitarian!
We've let Madeleine and her kinsmen in the media get away with so much for so long that they believe that they can get away with anything now. They believe that they can tell us any kind of whopper, and we'll believe it.
The thing that I'm wondering about is why did she choose this time to make her Jewishness public? Earlier, when she married one of the few Gentiles with some influence in the mass media, she found it advantageous to pretend to be Episcopalian. Now that she has become secretary of state in the most Jewish government this country has ever had, why did she choose to reveal her true identity?
I have some ideas about this, but no proof yet. I hope that I'm wrong, but I'm afraid that within the next year or two we'll all find out why this thoroughly obnoxious, aggressive, and pushy Jewess has come out of the closet at this time.
♦ ♦ ♦
Another interesting item in the news recendy in addition to Madeleine Abright's “outing” is the case of the Army's highest-ranking Black enlisted man, Sergeant Major Gene C. McKinney. Actually, he's not just the highest-ranking Black enlisted man: with the help of a litde Affirmative Action he's been boosted above ail the White enlisted personnel in the Army too. At the time of his boosting, in June 1995, all of the media were gushing about the fact that he is Black and that he has been selected by the Army brass, with a litde urging from the Clinton administration, to serve as a role model for all of I le White enlisted personnel in the Army. Clinton was shown on television shaking hands widi him, and the trendier Army spokesmen were beaming with pride and making
statements about how McKinney's promotion showed that the Army is free of racism and is committed to “equal opportunity," blah, blah, blah.
That was in 1995. Now in 1997, with the details of Sergeant Major McKinney's sexual life in the Army finally leaking out, his name is in all of the media again, but, strangely, one really has to search to find any mention of the fact that he is Black, or that the female soldier he is accused of harassing sexually and threatening with rape is White. I have eight major, in-depth news articles on this matter in front of me now, from the New York Times, the Washington Post, and USA Today, and not one of them mentions that McKinney is Black, or that the woman he molested, former Sergeant Major Brenda Hoster, is White. There is no mention of race at all in the articles.
That's interesting, isn't it? At the time when Sergeant Major McKinney was made a role model for White soldiers, every newspaper and news magazine told us about his Blackness. They rubbed our noses in it. The media bosses really were gloating about it. And now, when he has become just one more Black noncommissioned officer using his position of authority to demand sex from White female soldiers placed under him by an Army establishment desperate to prove its Political Correctness, there is no mention at all of his race.
In fact, except for one slip made in Time magazine last November, the controlled media have been very careful not to talk about the racial dimensions of the Army's sexual harassment problem. The November 25, 1996, issue of Time pointed out that the reason the Army brass hadn't done anything to stop the rapes of female recruits at Aberdeen Proving Ground and other Army bases is that most of the rapists are Black drill instructors and Black officers, and most of the rapees are White recruits, and the Army brass were afraid of being charged with racism if they acted quickly to deal with the problem. But since that one revelation in
That, unfortunately, is all too typical of the U.S. Army today. For more than fifty years the Army has been politicized, step by step. Officers with the slightest hint of Politically Incorrect views or with any old-fashioned military values have been weeded out. Unprincipled careerists, willing to pay lip service to the party line, have been promoted. Today the officers' corps of the United States Army consists of politicians in uniform: trendy, rootless, without honor — as ready to move against Politically Incorrect elements of their own people as against a foreign enemy.
This is the sort of development 1 foresaw more than 20 years ago, when I wrote The Turner Diaries. In my novel I predicted it, but 1 am truly sorry to see that it has come to pass.
♦ ♦ ♦
Another matter much in the media of late has been O.J. Simpson. They can't seem to get enough of him — and yet, they certainly have mixed feelings about him. On the one hand, he is their own creation:	a	Black
sports star and media idol they created and then held up as a role model for young White Americans. And he's a race-mixer besides: he was married to a beautiful but empty-headed, trendy slut of a White woman. They love him for that. But then he had to go and embarrass them by letting his Black nature get the better of him, and, worse than that, get caught for it.
At that point the media bosses would have been well advised to drop O.J. and give him no more public exposure than they give to any of the thousands of other Black murderers who get caught in this country every year. But they were fascinated by their boy O.J., and so, with the eager collaboration of Judge Lance Ito, they gave us a media spectacle which has done more to wake up White Americans and set back the media's program of racial destruction than anything else in years. That was a big mistake on their part.
When the civil trial finally brought in a guilty verdict recently, there was much foolish talk about how the new verdict shows that our system
Gene C. McKinney
At the time of his promotion his race was stressed. After the sexual harassment charges were made against him, not only was his race rarely mentioned, his photograph was rarely shown.
Time magazine, I haven t seen a single other mention by die controlled media that the Army's sexual harassment problem is actually a race problem. They don't want us to know fhat.
This seems to be true of die case widi Sergeant Major McKinney too. His White victim, Brenda Hosier,
complained to her superiors in the Army after McKinney attacked her, but diey refused to take action. McKinney was being idolized as a Black role model for Whitt* soldiers, and Brenda Hosier's superiors knew that if they did anything to damage his image they would be suspected of racism. So they did nothing.
© 1997 - National Vanguard Books f Box 3 30 * Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/>«ar
FREE SPEECH f
or March 1997
15
of justice works after all. What nonsense! Our justice system is broken, and it can’t be fixed — short of a revolution — and everyone with half a brain understands that. To pretend otherwise is nothing but hypocrisy and unwillingness to face the more unpleasant realities of life in multiracial America. All of the talk about how the burden of proof is different in a civil trial than it is in a criminal trial and that's why he got through the first trial safely but lost the second one is just so much hot air. The only reason there was a different verdict in the civil trial than in the criminal trial is that the civil jury wasn't Black. If the civil jury had had the same racial makeup as the criminal jury, O.J. would have won the civil trial too. That's a fact, and it's utter foolishness to pretend it isn't.
The lesson for us in all of this is, don't get involved in any sort of dispute with a Black in an area where if you end up being tried for defending yourself you'll have a Black majority on the jury.
The corruption of our court system, of our legal system, is one of the most unfortunate things which has happened to America. Before the system was corrupted by “diversity” — that is, by Blacks being on juries and being unwilling to rule against one of their own — it was corrupted by money. The amount of justice a man got depended on how much justice he could afford to buy. Rich people were happy with the system because they could manipulate it to their advantage. Perhaps the two O.J. trials have been a good thing for us in more than one way. Perhaps they have awakened rich White people to the feet that their money is no longer enough to keep them safe, whenever there is a racial factor involved.
The whole O.J. saga reminded me of a novel 1 read more than ten years ago. It was Tom Wolfe's Bonfire of the Vanities. It's a story about what the court system in New York City does to a rich White man who has a racial encounter. Very illuminating. If you haven't read it yet you can order a copy from National Vanguard Books.
The Bonfire of the Vanities is very entertaining. It is both well written and fun to read. It is also amazingly true to life for a best-selling book.
Bonfire of the Vanities and over 400 other interesting and important books are available from National Vanguard Books. Send away for a catalog today!
O Enclosed is $2.00 for a book catalog.
0 Enclosed is $10.95 for The Bonfire of the Vanities (this includes postage).
CD Please send me membership information for the National Alliance.
Name:
Address:
Mail to:
NVB • Box 330 • Hillsboro • VW 24946
It's good to read informative books. It's good for you to listen to American Dissident Voices. In fact, these things are very necessary. But they are not enough. Listening and reading must be a preliminary to participation, or they are meaningless. While you do nothing, the people who are destroying America gloat and smirk. They will keep on gloating and smirking, and they will keep on with their destructive work until we stop them.
In America, unfortunately, we have developed a spectator mentality. We like to watch what's happening around us, but we don't like to participate. We don't like to get involved. That's why I hate spectator sports and have a great contempt for sports fens. Sitting on your couch and watching other people do things isn't healthy, either individually, for you, or collectively, for the country. America is in the mess it's in today because we just sat back and watched it happen. We didn't do anything to stop it. We just let the wreckers have their way, without doing so much as giving them a bloody nose.
I don't like to say this, but I feel obliged to say it: If you just continue to do nothing, you are betraying your country and your people. You are a selfish coward. You are a traitor to your children and your grandchildren. You are shirking your responsibility to them. You know what the media bosses and the politicians have planned for them. You are a disgrace to your country and your ancestors.
Think about that. And if you are a real man or a real woman and not just a spectator, write and ask for information on the National Alliance. Together we can do something. Together we can make a difference. Together we can stop the people who are destroying our country and destroying our children's future.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Time to Stop Listening,” aired on February 15, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available form National Vanguard Books for $12.95.
KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/ Seymour, Texas, area): Every Saturday 8:30 a.m., 94.3 FM; and 10:00 a.m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas):	every	Satur-
day 10:00 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/ Decatur/Hartselle, Alabama, areas):	Every
Wednesday 9:00 a.m., 1490 and 890 AM.
WTIS (Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida, area and much of central Florida):	Every
Saturday 11:30 a.m., 1110 AM.
WALE (Rl, CT, and MA): Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m., 990 AM
WBDN (Tampa/St. Petersburg and much of central Florida):	Every Saturday
5:30 p.m., 760 AM
WRNO:	This	shortwave
station serves North America and the world: every Saturday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7395 kHz; every Saturday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time and some Sundays at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7355 kHz.
The Saturday programs may be preempted by sports events. The Sunday program is used as a makeup.
Listen...
. . . every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3.00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order
National Alliance Box 90 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • U.S.A.
Listen to American Dissident Voices on the Internet. Our World Wide Web Sites Are:
http://www.natvan.com
and
http://www.natall.com
Where Will She Find It?
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
In her classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where she stands a greater than one in four chance of being raped, probably by a non-White?
We are here to make sure that more and more 3/oungpeople like her will have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed word. We are the men and womeq of the National Alliance. It's about time.
/National Alliance ■5 JT P.O. Box 90 -Hillsboro, WV 24946
She Needs the Truth