FREE SPEECH • NOVEMBER 1997 • VOLUME 111, NO. IX
Evelyn Hill, Editor
Slavery and Race
Dr. William Pierce
/■w
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
In Your Ear, Mr. Clinton
Dr. William Pierce
The Looting of America
One of the more interesting aspects of the ongoing saga of illegal campaign contributions and money-laundering in the Clinton administration is the Asian connection. A temple full of Buddhist nuns who cannot speak English but who have handy checkbooks, Clinton buddy Johnny Huang, and other assorted Chinese and Indonesian gangsters, bankers, and wheeler-dealers seem to have played a major role in getting the Democrats back in the White House. Some of the things that went on in the campaign to raise money for Mr. Clinton's re-election are so outrageous that they're funny, not to mention criminal. All of this would provide the basis for a good comedy film, if the Jews who own Hollywood were interested in that sort of thing.
What’s not so funny about the Clinton administration's Asian connection is the payoff to the Asian community in the form of govern-
Lan Ngoc Tran Tran was a hitman for the Born to Kill gang. He came to the United States as a refugee from Vietnam. He claims to have worked as an assassin in his home country also. In his spare time he writes poetry. In one of his poems, he imagines hitting a White man over the head with a chair in a Chinese restaurant.
ment contracts. From a strictly technical viewpoint, this payoff probably would be considered legal, because it falls under an affirmative-action policy known as the “section 8a minority business set-aside.” Under this policy government contracts, instead of being awarded to the lowest bidder in a competitive bidding process, are “set aside” to be awarded to non-White businessmen and to companies owned by non-Whites. The theoretical justification for this program used to be that it would pump money into Black ghettos by giving government contracts to Black entrepreneurs, who in turn would hire Black workers, and the chance of Black rioting would thereby be minimized.
Asians, like other non-Whites, are able to qualify for 8a set-asides, and the numbers doing so have risen spectacularly during the past tew years. In New York City, tor example, Asians currently are grabbing 64.1
FREE SPEECH for November 1997
Johnny Huang
Huang, shown here wearing a donkey tie, is accused of channelling illegal foreign money to Clinton and to the Democratic party.
per cent of the minority set-aside contracts. That's up from just 3.5 per cent a decade ago. Imagine that: up by a factor of nearly 20! Isn't it an amazing coincidence that so much Asian money found its way into Mr. Clinton's campaign fund while the amount of government money going to Asian businessmen was rising so rapidly? The figures elsewhere in the country are not all that different from those in New York. In Alabama, for example, in the middle of the Black belt, Asians got 46.3 per cent of the
minority set-aside contracts last year. The figure a decade ago was just 2.6 per cent.
Not surprisingly, the Clinton administration is fighting desperately to keep the 8a minority set-aside program alive in the face of opposition from the majority of Americans who want to do away with all affirmative action programs. Actually, the recent Asian takeover of the 8a set-aside program is a good thing for White Americans. Before die Asians made their move, 8a set-asides were just another
taxpayer handout to Blacks in order to keep them from making too much trouble. When the Chinese and the Koreans and the Vietnamese got into the racket, though, they applied intelligence to it which the Blacks simply don't have. They figured ways to milk the program for more money than the Blacks had ever dreamed of. The 8a set-aside program has produced a new class of Asian multimillionaires -who in turn have been generous contributors to Mr. Clinton and the Democratic Party. We, the taxpayers, of course, are paying for the whole, crooked business. But now, thanks to the excessive cleverness of the Asians and the excessive greed of the Clin-tonistas, it has become such a stinking scandal that we have a reasonable chance of seeing the whole thing exposed in a way which will deal a major setback to all of those who want to keep affirmative action programs alive. That's why it's good that the Asians have elbowed aside the Blacks and taken over the 8a set-aside swindle. The Blacks never would have figured out in a million years how to use an affirmative action program to buy massive political influence the way the Asians have.
Exploiting affirmative action isn't the only thing Asian immigrants have figured out how to do. They've also learned how to cheat government welfare programs in new and creative ways. As younger Chinese immigrants have prospered from 8a set-asides they have brought their parents and their grandparents over from China, put them in government-subsidized apartments (often over 90% Chinese, so they needn’t feel too homesick), and then signed them up for every welfare program available, including Supplementary Security Income. Hundreds of thousands of elderly Chinese and other Asians, who have never worked a day in the United States and cannot even speak English, are now living very comfortably off the American taxpayers, while their well-to-do children who brought them over continue to get even richer from various government programs favoring non-Y(7hites.
The latest figures from the U.S. Census Bureau are from 1990, and they show elderly Chinese immigrants
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/ye&r
FREE SPEECH for November 1997
3
in California receiving Supplementary Security Income at more than five times the rate for elderly native-born Americans. And Blacks are included among those elderly native-born Americans! Although we don't have figures later than those for 1990, it is quite certain that the disproportion has become substantially greater since then, because the immigration of elderly Chinese has been booming. The word is out all over Asia that the United States is the land of free money for elderly Asians. Most of this Asian welfare racket is illegal. In order to get their parents and grandparents into the country the children sign papers pledging to be financially responsible for them. But after their parents and grandparents are in, the younger Asians ignore those pledges and put their relatives on welfare. Often the children do continue to support their relatives (in a manner that can’t be easily traced, of course) and simply use the welfare money as extra cash.
Don't hold your breath waiting for the Clinton government to crack down on these Asian welfare cheats. The people in the government know what's going on. They know that this racket is costing White taxpayers billions of dollars every year, but there's no chance at all of any of these Asians being called to account. The Democrats and the Republicans have developed a very cozy relationship with Asian immigrants, and they're not about to spoil it
The really bad thing about all of this is that as Asians have mastered the technique of milking the U.S. Treasury, more and more of them have come flooding into the country. A few years ago we had a very small Japanese minority on the West Coast and a few Chinatowns in major cities, and that was about it Now Asians have become a fast-growing minority all across the country, and their presence is becoming increasingly intrusive and disruptive. Unfortunately, many of our people, especially those with libertarian or individualist tendencies, have been slow to understand this threat. They see Asians as intelligent; hard working, and much better disciplined than Blacks. They feel that if they must have a non-
White neighbor, coworker, or fellow student, it's much better to have an Asian than a Black or a mestizo. This is a very shortsighted and selfish view of the situation.
For one thing, as the number of Asians flooding to our shores has grown, more and more of their bad habits have begun coming with them: Asian crime and Asian gangs, for example. As 1 mentioned on an earlier program, despite what many people may believe, Asians are not especially law abiding. The Asian minority in America commits substantially more murders, on a per capita basis, than the White majority. They are even better represented among white-collar criminals. They have a way with money, it is not for nothing that the Chinese are known as “the Jews of the Orient” wherever they have settled as a significant minority.
For another thing, it is precisely the good traits of the Asian immigrants — their intelligence, self-discipline, and willingness to work — which make them an especially dangerous minority for us. 1 know that there are many White Americans with a Pollyanna outlook on Asian immigration. They believe that Asian immigrants will simply blend in and use their good traits to make this a more prosperous country for all of us. They believe that after Asians have lived here for a while they will become just like White Americans, except that they will keep their lawns neater and their kids will make better grades in school.
Hey, wake up! Just because White Americans have fallen for the line of egalitarian baloney put out by the controlled media and the government that people of all races really are the same doesn't mean that the Chinese and the other Asian immigrants have fallen for it. In fact, one of the really admirable things about the Chinese and the Japanese is their very strong sense of race consciousness. They have pride in their own racial characteristics, in their history and traditions and culture, in their uniqueness, and they understand the value of coupe ration with their own kind and of sticking together. And as their numbers grow they will become
an increasingly formidable force we will have to deal with. We don't want America to become more like China or any of the other countries Asian immigrants have come from. We want them to take their intelligence, self-discipline, and good work habits back where they came from. We'd much rather deal with these people from a distance.
I've briefly mentioned three things today: political corruption, as manifested in Mr. Clinton's Asian connection; the exploitation of the government's various minority-oriented welfare giveaway and affirmative-action programs by Asians; and the problem of skyrocketing Asian immigration and the effects it is having on American society. I've tried to bring out some of the interconnections of these three problems. Each of these three problems is part of a larger problem. The illegal campaign contributions and money laundering associated with Mr. Clinton's re-election are part of the much larger problem of the growing crookedness of the politicians in this country, the growing corruption of the system generally. The Asian manipulation of the 8a minority set-aside program is just one aspect of the rottenness and inappropriateness of current welfare programs generally. And the recent growth in Asian immigration is just part of the much larger problem of the non-White immigration which is changing the nature of America.
An interesting thing about these three problems is that they are generally recognized by the American people — not just by “extremists” like me. Most Americans have a general awareness of the growing corruption of the government, even if they haven't tried to figure out the details. Most Americans have a growing distrust of the government, a growing disgust with the political process. We can see this in the growth in the percentage of Americans who decline to vote. They're fed up with the whole business.
People are fed up with government welfare programs too — at least, White people are fed up. You know, welfare used to be a community thing. Brople used to help each other out. Even the ne'er-do-wells could count
i 1
* fi ; 9
i <
(Q 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/year

I’RHH SPKECH for November 1997
An elderly Asian immigrant demands services at a government office in San Francisco.
on a handout from the churches. Even the village idiot could count on *ome charity from other villagers. But there was no pretense that the ne'er* do-wells and the village idiot were respectable citizens with the rights and privileges of other citizens or that they were entided to their handouts. They were tolerated, but not to the point that anyone would be inclined to join their ranks. Welfare was kept to a minimum, and that's the way it should have been.
Today, in the hands of the gov* eminent, the welfare system has become a socially destructive monster. We have a large and growing class of people in America who believe that they are entitled to a handout. They believe that the rest of us owe it to them. Having to support this welfare dais with our taxes is increasingly
galling to working Americans. And very few of us are fooled by the gov* ernment's periodic announcements of so-called “welfare reform.”
It has been those aspects of the government's welfare system which are specifically anti-White — such as affirmative action — which have generated the most public dissent recently, but the truth of the matter is that the entire welfare system, not just those aspects of it which are aimed at giving non-Whites special advantages, has Income a thorn in our side. People ate fed up with the whole thing.
And immigration is another issue on which die position of the great majority of the people is far away from the position of du* government. The people are very worried about what continued non-\X/hite immigration is doing to America. They see
more and more Asians, more and more Mexicans, more and more non. Whites of all kinds around them They see their neighborhoods chan?, ing, their cities changing, their schools changing, becoming more alien, more foreign, more non-White, and they don't like it. The govern* ment tells us that we should like it, that we're racists if we don't like it, that we need more diversity, and they keep the floodgates open.
You know what all of this amounts to? You know what all of this government corruption and welfare racketeering and non-White immigration means? It means the looting of America by greedy predators. It means the plundering of our heritage and our children's heritage by hungry predators. Our ancestors came over here from Europe with a more or less healthy and realistic attitude toward the world. They were race conscious. They understood that the strong survive and the weak perish, and they didn't favor institutions to promote weakness. They conquered this continent, and it is ours by right of conquest. Our ancestors understood that we had to remain strong and vigilant if we wanted to remain masters in our land.
But we didn't. We became soft and weak. We became inattentive. We let ourselves be confused — about race, about our heritage, about the nature of the world we live in. We dropped our guard. Then the predators moved in and went to work. They saw that we were soft and vulnerable, but they realized that we still could become dangerous if we realized our danger and began raking steps to regain our strength. So they did everything they could to make us even weaker while they strengthened their own positions. They preached to us against racism, so that we would not unite on the basis of our racial roots. They encouraged immigration from the non-White world in order to dilute our political strength. They bought the support of non Whitt' minorities — and of the dregs of out own people — with a growing government welfare program. Now the feeding frenzy has begun.
The word is out around the wot ■Id: Whit ey has become soft. 1 he
J997 • Naiioml V
|j<M J 10 • Hillsboro . WV 24M* • $40/ycar
gringos are ripe tor the plucking. The non kies are on the run, too confused to understand what's happening, too stricken by a sense of racial guilt to fight back. In China, in the Philippines, Vietnam, Haiti, El Salvador, and India they watch what's happening in America, and they can hardly believe their eyes. The White man has become crazy. He is giving everything away. They think, ‘There's free money for us in America, and the White man won't even try to keep us out And if he does try, his government will be on our side, not his.” And so, as I said, the feeding frenzy has begun. And the renegade Whites have joined the plunderers. Ffeople like Bill Clinton — and, for that matter, practically all of the politicians, Republican as well as Democrat — instead of trying to defend America from the plunderers have been trying to grab as big a share of the plunder for themselves as they can.
FREE SPEECH for November 1997
And so where does that leave us, the people who are being plundered? What can we do to protect ourselves? Is there any chance that we can preserve part of our heritage for our children?
Actually, I believe there is a chance. The fact that so many Americans are fed up with the government gives me hope. The fact that so many Americans are willing to oppose the government's policies on affirmative action and open-door immigration, even at the risk of being labeled “racists’’ by the controlled media, gives me hope.
Of course, it'll be a while yet before we'll be able to do what needs to be done. It'll be a while before we'll be able to drag anyone out of the White House and string him up from a lamppost on Pennsylvania Avenue.
5
It'll be a while yet before we can sow land mines along our border with Mexico and begin rounding up Chinese immigrants in California and putting them aboard ships headed west. But the time for that is coming.
And the more politicians who join Bill Clinton in the Washington feeding frenzy — the more Democrats and Republicans who begin grabbing for everything they can get while the getting is still good — the sooner will we be able to do what needs to be done.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Looting of America,” aired on September 20, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
The Wages of Liberalism
There was a major article on South Africa in last week's London Sunday Times. The article was written by the Times' Johannesburg correspondent Andrew Malone, and it was tided “Blacks Turn Their Anger on Mandela.” The gist of the article was that as the South African infrastructure and economy continue to disintegrate under Black rule, most Blacks in die country, having gotten over their euphoria after having the country handed over to them in 1994, are now looking for somebody to blame for their growing misery.
Ids hard for the Blacks to blame the honkies like they used to, because the honkies no longer run things. And it’s not as if the Whites left the country in a shambles. When they turned the government over to Nelson Mandela and his Black crew three years ago, things were running well, but conditions nave gone downhill rapidly since then. Not only has Mandela failed utterly to deliver the material goodies he promised — new houses, new schools, new cars, and an easier lift for all Blacks — but Black unemployment has skyrocketed as Black leaders have mismanaged and exploited the economy, and soaring inflation has made tile increasingly difficult for those Blacks who st® have work.
Just one small reminder of the way in which the infrastructure of South Africa has decayed in three years of Black rule was provided by the mid-air collision of a German and an American aircraft just off the west coast of South Africa two weeks ago, taking the lives of all 33 people on board. The mass media certainly have not had much to say about the cause of this disaster, but knowledgeable air-
k ~~ ****** P*
Liberals did ail they could to make Whites feel guilty about apartheid. Economic pressure
TnPh nnin W Statw « Instrumental In bringing Black rule to South Africa
line pilots have put the blame squarely on the incompetence of African air traffic controllers. Since the advent of Black rule, conditions in the air over South Africa have become chaotic, and pilots consider it to be the most dangerous air space in the world.
On top of all this, the horrendous crime situation in South Africa plagues Blacks as well as Whites. When Mandela took over and Blacks began running the police departments, law enforcement simply ground to a halt. Now Black gangs roam the cities and rob, rape, and murder almost with impunity. Johannesburg, which used to be a clean, safe, orderly city under White rule, now has the highest per capita murder rate of any major city in the world. In the countryside, the witchcraft craze is spreading and taking the lives of more and more Blacks. Blacks accused of witchcraft are being stoned to death or “necklaced" in unprecedented numbers.
It is not surprising that many Blacks are turning their anger on Nelson Mandela now — especially since the corruption and incompetence of his regime are becoming increasingly apparent. He and his Black cronies are living high on the hog, in the tra-
© 1997 ■ National VaHua,d Uoola . Boa 330 . H,l!,60ro . WV 24946 . $40/^.r
An unemployed White men begs in South Africa. The new government s vigorous sffir* ffi&tivfc action programs together with the economic downturn caused by Black misrule has foread many Whites out of work.
dmonal manner of Black Afrnaii potentates, while most ordinary Blade* are living in substantially worse conditions friar* they did under White rule. News stories a hour his wife Winnie Mandela's slabbing to death of a M-year-oid Black critic and
Nelson's ordering the kidnapping of a witness to the murder nave not helped his image.
What really is surprising is the growing number of Blacks willing to openly express their disillusionment with Black rule and their nostalgia for
the good, old days of White rule, a 35'yearold Negress interviewed f0r the Sunday Times article was one of many who said she much preferred White rule. “There were not the prok lems then,” she said. “I have got no money now, and my clothes are in rags. At least the police were effective then, and there was no crime. I believed in Mandela, but now 1 don't.”
Not so long ago, such an expres-sion of preference for White rule would have resulted in the “necklac-ing” of the interviewee: Mandela's followers would have put a gasoline-soaked tire around her neck, wired her hands behind her back, and burned her to death. Nowadays such sentiments are more likely to he condemned by White liberals in the United States or Britain, who would refer to her contemptuously as an “Uncle Tom.”
As for the shrinking number of Mandela's followers, they are more likely to blame the declining popularity of their leader on the remaining White minority in South Africa, since there aren't tires enough in the country to punish all of the Blacks who are now disillusioned with his regime. They look enviously at the Whites, who still live in nice homes, now surrounded by walls topped with razor wire and patrolled by armed guards because of the crime problem, and still manage their businesses, or practice their professions as doctors or engineers or writers, or serve as technical consultants for the Black government. And Mandela's people complain that the Whites don't do enough for them, that the Whites spend too much time condemning the government for its corruption and whining about the crime problem, and not enough time praising Mandela and proclaiming their solidarity with his regime. The Whites are too standoffish, the Blacks complain; they keep too much to themselves instead of mixing with the Blacks and demonstrating their belief in equality and brotherhood. And the Whites are too successful, too industrious, too smart, too prosperous, too rich. Increasingly, the resentful Blacks think about killing the goose which lays South Africa's dwindling supply of golden eggs. The rime for that certainly is coming.
Meanwhile, South Africa's Whites concern themselves primarily with coping with the changed condi*
® J 997 . National Vanguard Booh . Box 330 . HUUboro . WV 24946 . $4Q/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1997
7
tions in their country — or what used to be their country, before they voted three years ago to give it away. The most dangerous time for them every dav is when they must open their gates and drive out of their guarded enclaves to go to work. Carjacking has become a major industry for Blacks. Sometimes they hide in shrubbery outside a gate, and if a White driver is so careless as to stop his car and get out to close his gate instead of having an armed guard do it for him as he speeds away, they will jump him and take his car. They may kill him. Certainly, if there is a woman in the car, she will be taken away and gang-raped. Raping White women is another major industry for Blacks in the new, “free” South Africa.
When South Africa was under White rule, it was a safe and orderly place, with crime confined almost entirely to the Black townships, and even there it was kept within reasonable bounds by rigorous White policing efforts:	efforts which were
condemned by liberals in America and Britain as “brutal” and “racist.” Every time the White government hanged a Black murderer, the liberal media unleashed a torrent of abuse and complained about the wickedness of apartheid. Now, with apartheid gone, the murder rate in South Africa has risen until it is nearly 100 times the murder rate in Britain. But, of course, the liberal media have very little to say about that. The sort of article I mentioned in the Sunday Times is quite rare, and even in such articles the writers feel obliged to refer to “the horrors of apartheid” in the old days, while lamenting that things haven't worked out in South Africa the way the liberals had planned.
Some Whites cope with the way things have worked out by building higher walls around their houses and hiring more armed guards; others cope by emigrating. And every time a White professional or manager leaves South Africa for good, the Black unemployment rate rises and Black desperation grows.
Lest there lx- some misunderstanding, let me assure you that 1 am not bothered a bit by Black desperation. I am not bothered by Blacks “necklacing” each other, suspecting
each other of witchcraft, or whatever. 1 think that Blacks ought to be left to do their own thing, as in Rwanda, Uganda, Congo, or Liberia, and Whites ought not to get involved in feeding them, doctoring them, sending them relief supplies, or policing them.
I am not even bothered very much by White desperation in South Africa, because the Whites there voted themselves into their present predicament. Pathetically eager to be fashionable, disgustingly eager to prove to the world that they weren't the racists the liberals were accusing them of being, a majority of them voted to turn their country over to Black rule in 1994. So sometimes I am inclined to say, damn them! Let them reap the reward for their weakness and their folly.
But then I must remind myself that my fellow Whites in America and in Britain have not demonstrated more strength or wisdom than the Whites of South Africa. Wherever there is democracy, and wherever the mass media are in the hands of the enemies of our people, we can expect the same sort of suicidal folly on the part of the majority, the same sort of mindless, self-destructive rush to be fashionable. Really, it is the minority of Whites able to think for themselves but, in a democracy, subject to the foolishness of the majority, with whom I sympathize. I sympathize with the minority of South African Whites who voted against giving their country away in 1994, and who now must suffer the consequences of the majority's folly. I wish that every White South African who is killed during a carjacking and every White South African woman who is gang-raped by Blacks when her car breaks down on a country road could be one of the fashionable twits who voted in 1994 to end apartheid, but I know that that cannot always be so. I know that many of them must be the self-respecting, race-conscious Whites with whom i sympathize, and my heart aches for them.
And, my god, even the twits! Most of them are guilty of no more than the same foolishness and weakness which afflict most of our people everywhere. With good leadership —
with strong, responsible, loyal White leadership — they can build civilizations and conquer the universe; the best in them can shine. But when they are led by traitors or criminals and misdirected by liberal propaganda, the worst in them shows itself. It is to the liberals we must direct our attention if we want to understand why our fortunes as a race have declined so steeply in this century.
Do you remember the way the liberals were carrying on in America about South Africa before 1994.7 For two decades, ever since they finished cheering the Viet Cong to victory in Vietnam, the destruction of White South Africa was at the top of their agenda. Do you remember the hatred the liberals directed at South African Whites? It was unremitting. Anyone who spoke up for South Africa was blasted with the same hatred, anyone who did business with South Africa was cursed and vilified, anyone who opposed disinvestment in South Africa or who was not in favor of a boycott against South Africa was hated. Hating White South Africans was absolutely the trendiest thing on university campuses and in fashionable circles everywhere. Organizing demonstrations and picketing and leafleting against South Africa kept the liberal rank and file busy, while the liberal spokesmen poured out their hatred of South Africa in editorial after editorial.
All of this liberal hatred might have been of no account, except the liberals had the mass media at their disposal, so the politicians danced to their tune. An economic boycott of South Africa was enforced by the U.S. government, and diplomatic pressure was used to persuade many other countries to participate in the boycott. Athletic and cultural boycotts also were organized by associations responding to liberal pressure. It became illegal to buy any South African product or to sell or give anything to South Africans which might be useful to them. The only South African sports figures who were permitted to compete internationally were Blacks, and the only South African writers, playwrights, or film-makers who were given an audience outside of South Africa were Jews, such as
® 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/ycar
8
Nadine Oordimer, with her anti* White novels, or White turncoats who followed the Jewish party line.
Eventually the White South African majority caved in under the weight of the hatred and voted to give away everything that their ancestors had worked, fought, and died to build for them: the only truly progressive country on the African continent. The liberals, having achieved their goal, have moved on to other causes. South Africa, once their obsession, no longer interests them. And, of course, they accept no responsibility for what they did. Liberals never accept responsibility for the disastrous consequences of their policies, their enthusiasms, their causes. They just move on to another cause.
I blame the destruction of South .Africa on liberals, but what is a liberal, other than a person who just happens to wind up on the wrong side of every important issue? I think we ought to recognize the fact that there were at least two distinct types of liberals involved in the hate campaign against South Africa. First, there are the liberals who are really cause driven, liberals whose hatred for White South Africans was based on some deep-rooted personality disorder, some feeling of guilt, self-hatred, or infantile resentment against their betters which fuels their manic egalitarianism. But these cause-driven individuals, these manic liberals, are a minority, even among the liberal spokesmen and editorialists.
Most people associated with liberal causes are not psychologically abnormal. They are simply bigots. They hate whomever it is fashionable to Kate at the moment They have a strong screak of authoritarianism in them. That doesn't necessarily mean that they are supporters of the government Liberals were very critical of the government during the Vietnam war, tor example, liberal authoritarianism manifests itself as a greater than average tendency to go with the flow, as a greater than average trendiness, a greater than average tendency to condemn or to hate any nonconformist
Most of the university students wi 10 were picketing companies which did business in South Africa, most of the pension-fund trustees who made | public show of refusing to buy stock in scud) companies, were liberals of
FREE SPEECH for November 1997
Nelson Mandela, Prince Charles, and members of the pop band Spice Girls celebrate the new South Africa. Mzwakhe Mbuli, one of the organizers of the concert at which these notables were in attendance, couldn’t attend himself; he was arrested for bank robbery shortly before the concert was held.
this sort. They are feelgood liberals. They like being part of a mob. Most of the people who wrote rabid editorials denouncing apartheid — the South African system of racial apartness, of racial separateness — as the most evil system ever conceived and who gave direction with their own hate to the rank-and-file haters on the picket lines were also feel-good liberals.
And that's also true of most of the people who still write such editorials today. I have in front of me an editorial by John Simpson, who is the foreign affairs editor for the BBC, and Mr. Simpson writes: “The election of 1994 which brought Nelson Mandela to power in South Africa was such a triumph of the human spirit, such a success for the kind of virtues which rarely appear in political life, that even now no one really wants to describe what is going on there. We all hope it will get better of its own accord. But, instead of being a fairy tale, South Africa is one of the most violent countries in the world. Its government is riddled with inefficiency and corruption . . . ."
We must shake our heads in disbelief when we hear a man like John Simpson, an educated, well informed man in a very responsible position, a man who is neither a Jew nor a Black, describe the campaign of hatred against South Africa which resulted in a convicted Black terrorist being installed as president and the country la-ing brought to ruin as Ma triumph
of the human spirit.” Mr. Simp** like all liberals, simply refuses / accept responsibility for the damage he and his kind have caused, k refuses to consider the possibility that the cause of forcing White South Afrj. cans to turn their country over to Blacks was a perverse cause. He refuses to consider the possibility that the egalitarian idea which underlies all liberalism is an incorrect idea. He thinks himself quite bold in recognizing the obvious fact that things have worked out rather badly in South Africa. That's certainly more than most liberals will admit.
I don't know Mr. Simpson personally, but I'm inclined to believe that he is not one of those liberals who has deep-rooted feelings of guilt or inferiority because his potty training went wrong. I suspect he's one of the trendy, authoritarian ones who is simply incapable of entertaining an unorthodox idea. He believes that since his cause was just when he was preaching hatred against White South Africans and apartheid, he cannot be held accountable for what is going on in South Africa today. Something went wrong, but it's certainly not his fault, he believes. It couldn't be. He has always promoted the trendiest causes, the causes that all of the important people were promoting. So it can't be his fault.
Well, Mr. Simpson, we unfashionable people are getting a little tired of you and your kind messing up the world and then refusing to accept responsibility for what you have done. We're fed up. And the day is coming when you and your kind will be held accountable for what you have done. We'll hold you accountable for every White woman raped in South Africa, for every White man killed in South Africa during a carjacking. We'll hold you accountable regardless of what kind of potty training you had.
I his article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Wwages of liberalism,” aired on September 27,	1997. A cassette
recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books tor $12.95 (postage included).
H'q 1997 * National Vanguaid Hooks • Ho* i 10 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $4Q/year
FRHB SPEECH for November 1997
9
Slavery and Race
I have before me a news story written by a correspondent for the London Daily Telegraph. It's a story about the flourishing child-slavery business in West Africa: in countries like Nigeria, Togo, Benin, and Gabon. Businessmen in the coastal cities send buyers into the interior with buses, where they collect surplus children, in the seven- to 15-year-old age range, and bring them back in groups of 50 to 100 — in other words, a bus load — to the slave markets on the coast. Typically the buyers pay parents anywhere from 10 to 30 dollars per child. In some areas, they simply bribe local officials to look the other way and kidnap the children.
Once in the coastal cities, the children are housed in large, supermarket-style buildings where shoppers can stroll through, select the children they want to buy, and pay for their merchandise at the door as they leave. Some of the purchasers send the children out on the streets to work as prostitutes. Others use them as house servants or as factory workers.
This is not a small-time thing or an occasional thing. This is a thriving business involving thousands of children bought and sold every year in dozens of slave markets in West African cities, in the region which used to be known as the “slave coast,” because that's where the slave dealers, during the 18th and early 19th centuries, would buy ship loads of slaves to take to the West Indies and the Americas for plantation work. After slavery was outlawed in Europe and America, it continued as an ongoing institution in Africa, just as it had for coundess centuries before White men began buying African slaves.
The only reason Europeans and White Americans ever hear anything about this ongoing African slave trade is that there are a few tender-hearted White groups, such as Amnesty International and Anti-Slavery International, whose sensibilities are offended by this sort of thing. These groups try to arouse public opinion in America and Europe against slavery. They also work through politicians,
trying to persuade them to put anti-slavery amendments into aid agreements with African countries. As a result of such aid-agreement amendments most African countries recendy have gone through the motions of enacting legislation oudawing slavery. All this means in practice is that the slave dealers must pay bribes to the politicians or the police in order to avoid interference with their business.
Now, the news story I mentioned appeared because the London-based group Anti-Slavery International has just released a report detailing the latest facts and figures for child slavery in West Africa. Do you wonder why you don't see more news about the slave trade? Do you wonder why the New York Times, the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, and the major television news networks have virtually nothing to say about it? Can you imagine the outrage you would see in these controlled media, day after day and week after week, if White people were behind this trade in Black children?
Of course, you can! But news about Blacks in Africa, behaving the way Blacks always have behaved, whether it is buying and selling child slaves in Nigeria or engaging in ritual cannibalism in Liberia or “necklacing” accused witches in South Africa, is news which doesn't fit and is therefore deemed not newsworthy by the
masters of the controlled media. In fact, the media masters consider such news positively harmful, because it conflicts with the image they have built in the minds of the White public: an image of virtuous, peaceable, freedom-loving, industrious, sensitive, and creative Blacks, essentially noble Blacks, who have failed to rise to the cultural level of Europe and America only because they have been enslaved and exploited by cruel, greedy White supremacists. It's important to maintain this deceptive image, because it reinforces the sense of White racial guilt; it helps keep Whites convinced that they owe something to non-Whites, that they must never think of their own racial interests or feel any sense of White racial solidarity, because that can only lead to terrible things like slavery and the oppression of noble Blacks.
Actually, the media masters have quite different reasons for wanting to keep White thinking about racial matters confused. If Whites ever begin thinking racially, ever begin thinking in terms of their collective racial interests, the way the media masters do, they will be much more difficult to control — and the media masters themselves will be in grave danger. So that's why we hear and see so much in the media about the evils of White racism, and the need for the government to crack down on what the
African Children
1997 • National Vanguard Boohs I Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 \ $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1997
The media love to present Blacks as being particularly noble and heroic.
media bosses call “hate,” and the importance of giving the poor Blacks a few special advantages like affirmative action to make up for the way we mistreated them in the past — and, ahem, the correctness of pressuring the Swiss people into coughing up as much gold as another poor, oppressed minority group demands. And it s also why we almost never see
or hear anything about Black slavery in Africa today — and, more generally, about what all of these wonderful minorities with which we are blessed are actually like and the way in which they really behave when left to themselves.
I've done a lot of thinking about this problem of the Jewish control of our news and entertainment media,
and I've probably talked more about it on these American Dissident Voices broadcasts than any other problem we're facing as a people. That's because it's the most important problem we're facing. It's the key to all of our other problems. It's the one problem we must overcome if our people are to survive.
Let's look today at a couple of aspects of this problem of Jewish media control that I haven't discussed much in the past. What I have discussed often before is the fact that most people aren't really rational in the formation of their opinions and attitudes. They don't believe what makes the most sense. They don't believe what they see the best evidence tor They believe what is fashionable. They' believe whatever they think other people believe. And so the task of the mass media is not primarily to present either factual or contrived evidence for a particular point of view they want the public to adopt; instead it is simply to convince the public that this point of view is fashionable: that it is the point of view most ocher people already have. And the media do this convincing primarily with advertising and with entertainment:	they show fashionable
actors expressing the opinions they want the viewers to adopt. Sometimes they use news for the same purpose: they'll sample the reactions of people on the street to some event in the news and then select those reactions for broadcast or publication which match the reaction they want the public to have. But the main task of the news media is to screen out facts which don't fit and present only those facts which seem compatible with the opinions the media are promoting.
And that technique works quite well with most people. But there are many White Americans who are able to think for themselves, who are able to entertain even unfashionable ideas, if that's where the evidence points. Why don't we hear more of these Americans speaking out.7 Why do so many of them just go along with the falsehoods and deceptions of the controlled media.7
I believe that a full answer to this question has three parts. In the first place, these people able to think for
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV
FREE SPEECH for November 1997
themselves tend to be more successful economically and socially than the average, because they’re smarter than the average. They tend to belong to the upper strata of our society, strata whose inhabitants are cushioned against many of the harsher realities of what is happening to our society — and who live in an environment where politeness is especially valued. They don’t want to be rude. They don't want to be offensive. To point out too loudly the inadequacies of Blacks would be considered a bit declasse.
In the second place many Whites believe that we should preserve the peace at all costs. They place a very high value on maintaining social tranquillity. They know how easily some minorities take offense and how violent and destructive they can become. They know that if a White policeman has to tap a Black with his nightstick during an arrest, his fellow Blacks may stage a three-day riot and burn the whole town to the ground. And so these peace-loving folks are inclined to tread very softly and leave their nightsticks at home. They’d rather see us White rabble-rousers restrained than give us an opportunity to stir up trouble. After all, they think, as bad as the racial situation is, we have Co learn to live with it. We may not like it, but there’s nothing we can do about it — nothing, that is, except things that inevitably would entail a great deal of conflict, violence, and bloodshed, and that’s just too terrible to contemplate. Our people, unfortunately, have lost a lot of their stomach for that sort of thing over the past couple of hundred years.
And, as I said, these are folks who already have a reasonable understanding of the facts. They're not taken in by any egalitarian myths. With them it's a problem of values, of priorities. Keeping the peace and avoiding violence is the most important thing to them. About the only way you can persuade them to take a stand for their people is convince them by demonstration that Blacks are not rtie only ones who can raise hell, and that simply being polite will not permit hem to escape unscathed and avoid violence to heir own persons.
Finally, I believe hat for many independent-minded people the problem is not being able to see the forest for he trees. What they see is that here are many individual Blacks who are intelligent, there are many moral Blacks, many industrious and self-disciplined Blacks, many individual Blacks who are able to adapt quite successfully and even constructively to a civilized, European society. And hey also see that here are many White people who are stupid, lazy, immoral, and undisciplined and are a burden on our society. These independent-minded people are focused on individual Blacks and individual Whites, and he conclusion hey reach is hat here are some good and useful people of all races in our society and some bad and useless people of all races.
What these independent-minded people fail to do is back off a bit and look at races as a whole. What hey fail to understand is hat he problem we must deal with is not he quality of he individual Negro who is living next door, or even he effect that minorities are having on our neighborhood. The problem is what Blacks as a race — or what non-Whites generally — are doing to our society and to our race by living among us. And it is quite clear, indisputably clear, hat what they are doing as a race, as a whole, is not good. They are destroying our society and our race. That's he problem we must deal with, and all considerations of individuals become wholly insignificant in comparison.
Now, I know hat's hard for some people to grasp. I know that it took me a while to get my own hinking straightened out. I began life more or less as a libertarian, and my primary concern was hat he government not mess wih me personally — and more generally that people be permitted to do whatever hey want to do as individuals. I didn't think much about he cumulative effects of individual actions and individual qualities on he society in which 1 was living. But as hese cumulative effects began being really noticeable in he 1960s, I had to start hinking about them. 1 believe hat all of us need to think about them.
We need to understand that every race encompasses individuals with a range of characteristics, wih each characteristic distributed about some average value in a more or less bell-shaped curve. When we want to hink about the effects of mixing two races together in a society, it is these average values we must consider, not individuals. For example, here are smart Blacks and stupid Whites — a lot more of he latter these days han in the past, it seems — but he average intelligence for Blacks in he United States is between 15 and 20 IQ points below he average for Whites. That's more han enough to make he difference between being able to sustain a modem, civilized society and not being able to keep it from sliding back into the jungle, the way every Black country in Africa for which Whites built a civilized infrastructure began sliding back into he jungle as soon as he Whites relinquished control to he Blacks during the decolonization period after he Second World War. More than hat, he rare individuals who have he special abilities required to build a civilization, not just sustain one, are way out on he high side of he bell curve — far enough out, in fact, hat he Black bell curve has for all practical purposes gone to zero. Which is to say hat if on he White bell curve for an average population of one million Whites here are 100 who qualify as civilization builders, as true innovators, hen on a bell curve for one million Blacks he number of individuals who qualify as civilization builders is somewhere between zero and one.
These are the things that people who are able to think for themselves need to consider. They need to consider he overall effects of allowing large numbers of Blacks and oher non-Whites to live among us. They need to consider he ultimate consequences of such a policy. They need to realize hat as races wih lower standards of performance han ours mix with us, hey inevitably will pull down the overall standards for our society. Eventually they will pull us down to the level where we cannot compete effectively with oher societies which have maintained heir own standards.
Our independent-minded people need to think clearly about he ways in which our society already has been degraded by permitting larger and larger numbers of non-Whites to live among us. They need to look at our
© 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
1;RH; SPEECH for November 1997
Claiming that race doesn’t really exist is a tactic designed primarily to keep Whites from thinking of themselves as a distinct group with vatuable characteristics.
school problem and our crime problem and our drug problem and to understand that these are consequences of our failing to maintain a White society, and that we are suffering these consequences regardless of
the fact that there arc many individual blacks who cannot be blamed for these problems. They need to understand that it is Blacks collectively, Blacks as a race, who are pulling our
society down.
Our people also need to understand the true motivations of the media bosses when they respond to these problems by trying to obscure the problems and confuse us about them: for example, by campaigning against IQ testing — or any testing of people which distinguishes them or ranks them according to ability and thereby reveals the fact of racial inequality — and at the same time by trying to convince us that there is some mysterious benefit to be gained by having more racial diversity in our society; when they deliberately try to make us feel a sense of racial guilt by blaming Black slavery on Whites; when they deliberately use their media to encourage miscegenation; and finally, when they make the claim that there really is no such thing as race, that the whole concept of race is meaningless. Yes, we need to understand what these Jewish media bosses are up to. We need to understand the overall consequences to our people of permitting them to live among us.
Finally, let me leave you with this thought. If the idea of inferiority and superiority bothers you, if you don't like the idea of categorizing Black society in Nigeria or Uganda, with its enduring institution of slavery, as inferior to White society, just think of it as different. And just realize that when people from a different race are mixed with ours, we will become different We will lose our racial distinctness, our very ability to think of ourselves as a race. That is why I am opposed not only to the presence of Blacks and Jews in our society, but even to the large-scale presence of races I respect, such as the Japanese. Mixing leads to the loss of distinctness, to the loss of identity. And the loss of identity leads inevitably to death.
Think about it.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Slavery and Race,” aired on October 4, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
In Your Ear, Mr. Clinton!
Ever since two Israeli terrorists, acting on direct orders from the prime minister of Israel, attempted to murder an Islamic religious leader in Jordan by squirting an especially nasty poison into his ear, I've been waiting to hear what the reaction of the politicians in Washington would be. That was more than two weeks ago, and I'm still waiting.
Imagine what the reaction would have been if Syria's President Assad, say, had sent a team of Arab terrorists into Israel to murder a Jewish religious leader, a prominent rabbi, with an exotic poison they had cooked up in their chemical and biological warfare laboratories, and the terrorists had been caught in the act. There would have been no end to the expressions of pious outrage from Washington's windbags, and Bill and Hillary would have been leading the chorus. The State Department would have announced the immediate breaking off
of diplomatic relations with the guilty country. Senator Alphonse D'Amato and the rest of the Jews' Gentile step'n'fetchits in our Senate would have been preaching non-stop for an all-out military crusade against Syria. Mr. Clinton would have conferred with Secretary of Defense Cohen about the best way to knock out Syria's chemical and biological warfare capability with a military strike, and our Navy would have transferred several aircraft carriers to the eastern Mediterranean. The editorial pages of the New York Times would have been filled with the bloodthirsty screeching of Abe Rosenthal day after day, demanding action against Syria. Billy Graham and America's other political churchmen would be telling us all from the pulpit how terrible such an attack on a religious leader was, how the world must not tolerate such anti-religious terrorism, and so on. And even the soberer columnists and commentators would
be telling us all about the dangers of permitting a renegade country like Syria to have the capability for making and using exotic chemical and biological warfare agents — and about the need to make an example of Syria, so that no other country would be tempted to follow in Syria's footsteps. At the very least, after a preemptive military strike on Damascus, chemical and biological warfare specialists from the United Nations would have to he stationed permanently in Syria to ensure that that country never again tried to rebuild its chemical and biological warfare laboratories.
But, as I said, I'm still waiting to hear the first condemnation of Israel's terrorist activity from Washington. l'n\ still waiting to hear the first warning about the danger to the world in allowing a paranoid, bullying, puffed-up little excuse for a country like Israel to develop chemical and biological warfare capabilities. I'm still waiting to
4P 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks • Box 3 30 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/year
hear any comments about the religious implications of an officially Jewish country setting out to murder Islamic religious leaders in other countries. I’m waiting to hear any expression of disapproval at all. There is only a deafening silence.
Canada, at least, had the decency to recall her ambassador from Tel Aviv. But our government in Washington is so totally under the control of the Jewish minority in this country, the minority which controls our mass media, that it dares not make the faintest squeak of protest.
This sort of government-sponsored assassination is nothing new for Israel. Back in the 1950s the Israelis pioneered the use of letter bombs to kill and maim people they didn't like in other countries. They also have used car bombs to assassinate people — including innocent bystanders. Sometimes they simply gun their victims down on the street, again with total disregard for the safety of bystanders. Sometimes they shoot the wrong person, but they never apologize for their mistakes. When they want to kill someone clandestinely, they use poisons or infectious agents, and it looks as if the victim died a natural death. The botched assassination of the Islamic leader in Jordan was such a routine operation for Israel's Mossad agents that they simply picked up the special weapon used to squirt poison into the victim's ear at the Israeli embassy in Amman, where it was kept for use as needed.
Yes, that's a routine operation for a government based on a religion which teaches that the lives of non-Jews are worthless and that all enemies of the Jews should be killed. But, the only reason that this particular attempted murder by the government of Israel is of interest to us, the only reason that it should be of special interest to all patriots, is that it is of no interest to our government. Our government, after all, is one that makes a big pretense of caring about such matters as international terrorism and the proliferation of chemical and biological weapons. Our government makes a big thing out of denouncing state-sponsored terrorism — so long as the state sponsoring the terrorism isn't Israel. The non-
Benjamin Netanyahu
response of our government to Israel's most recent state-sponsored assassination attempt is a splendid example of the subservience of our government to the Jews.
Do you remember all of the pious statements against terrorism we heard from our government and from the media during the Timothy McVeigh trial? Terrorism is something which must not be tolerated, our government and the media told us. The second Oklahoma City bombing suspect, Terry Nichols, is on trial now, and the government is doing the same sort of preaching about not tolerating terrorism or terrorists. And you also can count on hearing the same sort of anti-terrorist sermonizing from the government during the trial of Ted Kaczynski, the alleged Unabomber.
All of that anti-terrorist posturing is total hypocrisy. The prime minister of Israel is a proven terrorist, a man who ordered the assassination of a religious leader in another country, a man who has ordered other terrorist activities as well. Just a few weeks before his latest murder attempt, he sent another group of terrorists across the border into Lebanon with orders to kill people. Fortunately, that group also was caught before it could complete its murderous mission. And, of course, that murder mission, just like the latest, received zero notice from Washington and almost zero notice from the controlled media in this country. Yet you can be sure that Mr, Netanyahu will be permitted to travel to the United States whenever it pleases him, and that Mr. Clinton will greet him in the White House
with a big hug and a smile when he does.
What our government's condoning of terror and assassination by Israel does is pull the moral rug right out from under its stand against terror and assassination by everyone. When the President of the United States bows and scrapes in front of the prime minister of Israel and hugs him and asks him how much more money he needs from American taxpayers to expand his campaign of terror and assassination against his neighbors, how seriously should that President be taken the next time he begins his anti-terrorist posturing against Libya's Moammar Kaddhafi? How seriously should he be taken the next time somebne bombs a Federal building in this country, and the President denounces it as an act of cowardice?
What causes political terrorism in the United States is the sort of behavior by the government which causes people to lose their respect for the government, behavior which causes them to have contempt for the government. Just as surely as the government's massacre of the women and children in David Koresh's church in Waco, Texas, in 1993 caused the bombing of the Federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995, President Clinton's condoning of Benjamin Netanyahu's terrorism in 1997 will cause other Federal buildings to be bombed in the future.
If our government were serious about disapproving of terrorism it would break diplomatic relations with Israel immediately, it would halt all aid to Israel, and it would impose a total economic boycott on Israel. It would make an example of Israel, so that no other country would be tempted to engage in state-sponsored terrorism. That's what the U.S. government would do — if it were serious about disapproving of terrorism. But of course, it isn't serious. And serious people notice things like that. Not Joe and Jill Sixpack, of course. Not the couch potatoes. They never notice anything. They're too busy watching ball games. But we do still have some serious people in America, people who notice things, people who still are able to think for themselves, no
© 1997 I National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for November 1997
Samuel Sheinbein (on the right) is led into the hearing that decided he cannot be exradited to the United States. Later, when a few Congressmen threatened to delay a grant of aid to Israel, Israeli authorities found a couple of technical reasons to reverse their earlier decision. However, they warned the extradition process could take months to years.
matter how Politically Incorrect thinking for oneself may be these days.
The government's stand on terrorism today reminds me of the government's stand on drinking in the 1920s. Prohibition went into effect primarily because the fundamentalist Protestant churches disapproved of drinking, and they controlled a great many votes. And, no doubt, there were many sober, decent citizens in addition to the fundamentalists who also were concerned about alcoholism and the social ills caused by excessive drinking. But the government never took Prohibition seriously. It failed to make a serious and determined effort eg enforce its own laws against alcohol. The politicians preached and postured against drinking, but as soon as the speeches were over they headed for their favorite speakeasies. It was all hypocrisy, and as a result drinking went on pretty much as
before, but there was an enormous increase in police and political corruption and in organized criminal activity. There also was a big increase in public cynicism and in loss of respect for the government, because then as now there were some serious people who noticed the hypocrisy.
In a democracy it is the couch potatoes who rule, simply because there are so many of them, and the media bosses control what the couch potatoes think and the way they vote — most of the time. But die serious people, even though there are not enough of them to outvote the couch potatoes, do become frustrated, and when they become frustrated enough they take action. Sometimes they blow up Federal buildings. And sometimes they overthrow governments. And when they do overthrow a government, there won't be any ball games for a while, so even the couch pota-
toes may pay attention long enough to help the serious people hang the politicians and the media bosses — and that's something that really needs to be done in the United States soon.
And that is something I really look forward to. I ache for it. And I know that many patriots ache for it. It's not that we are especially indignant about the Jews squirting exotic poisons into the ears of Islamic leaders and getting away with it -although it does give me the creeps to think about the fact that the Jews keep their embassies around the world stocked with all sorts of nasty equipment for disposing of people they don't like in ways designed to make murder look like death by natural causes. I wonder how many Americans they've murdered. I wonder how many cases there have been where, as soon as it became clear that the Jews were involved, the FBI told the local police to stop investigating. That's a spooky thought.
But the real reason for our growing anger against the government in Washington is not what the Jews do in other countries. It's what our government does — and does not do — in this country. Mr. Netanyahu's latest venture in assassination by poison is not what's important: it's Mr. Clinton's reaction that's important. It's the hypocrisy and corruption in Washington that are important to us, not the religious belief of Jews that their god gave them the right to murder anyone they don't like. And this latest demonstration of hypocrisy and corruption in Washington is only one in a long series of demonstrations, no more shocking than many others and certainly not as bad as some. But what is nice about this latest demonstration is that it is so clear, so unambiguous. And it also is so timely, in that it comes right in the middle of a series of trials of terrorists in' this country, right in the middle of a series of government and media denunciations of terrorism. It doesn't give the media bosses or the politicians a chance to use the excuse that that was then and this is now and their policy toward terrorism has changed with time and circumstances.
There is one thing you can say for the Jews. Their religion leads
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $4Q/year
them to do things which are so outrageous and so striking that the crooked politicians among our own people who collaborate with the Jews in order to advance their careers aren't left much room to make excuses. About all they can do is keep their mouths shut and hope that the couch potatoes won't notice — or will forget before the next election.
For example, there is the case of the Jew from Maryland, Samuel Sheinbein, who took a power saw to one of his teenaged neighbors last month and hacked off the young fellow's arms, legs, and head, and then put what was left of him in a plastic bag and left it in someone else's garage. It seems to have been some sort of disagreement over a drug deal that didn't go according to Mr. Shein-bein's liking. When the police began closing in, Sheinbein hopped a plane for Israel, and once there he just thumbed his nose at the police in Maryland. When the police asked that he be sent back to America to stand trial for murder, the government of Israel announced that it has a policy against extraditing Jews. With a smirk on their faces, the Israelis told the Maryland authorities that if they really want to try Sheinbein they could come to Israel and try him in an Israeli court. That offer, of course, was entirely fraudulent. Aside from the enormous practical difficulties for the Maryland authorities, the fact of the matter is that they would find it impossible to convict Sheinbein in an Israeli court.
Israel's policy of not extraditing Jews is based in the Jewish religion,
FREE SPEECH for November 1997
which prohibits Jews from cooperating with Gentile authorities in the prosecution of a Jew for crimes committed against a Gentile. Even providing information about a Jewish criminal to Gentile authorities is a crime punishable by death under Talmudic law.
What this means in practice is that a Jew can commit just about any crime he wants in the United States or Europe — murder, rape, embezzlement, importing drugs, White slavery, racketeering — and if he is able to fly to Israel without being arrested, he will be safe. This sort of behavior by any other country would not be tolerated, but don't expect the U.S. government to put much pressure on Israel about this. Mr. Clinton just wishes the Maryland state authorities would shut up about the case before the public wakes up and begins asking questions.
The real question here is not why does our government put up with this sort of behavior from Israel; we know the answer to that question. The real question is: Why do we Americans put up with a government like the one we have in Washington?
The government can keep passing more repressive laws, tapping more telephones, hiring more jack-booted thugs, but it cannot survive without the trust and respect of the people — and I don't mean just the trust and respect of the couch potatoes; I mean the trust and respect of serious people, who notice things and who are able to think for themselves. The government cannot long survive without their trust and respect, and it has just about used up all of that. The
15
next time there is a major bombing of a government building in this country — and there will be; Mr. Clinton's behavior guarantees that — and the government puts on its pretense of outrage and begins weeping crocodile tears for the victims ana calls the bombers “cowards,” there will be a noticeably more cynical reaction from the serious portion of the public. The couch potatoes may still respond the way the government wants them to, but among the serious people there will be more than ever before who will understand that the bombings will continue until we have a government which is genuinely outraged by terrorism, a government which not only genuinely disapproves of terrorism, state-sponsored or otherwise, but which also is actually our government, not the government of the politicians, the media bosses, and the Jews.
We want a government which is honest, a government which means what it says and says what it means, a government we can trust and respect and which the rest of the world also will be obliged to respect. We want a government which represents our interests and which is totally free of Jewish control, of Jewish influence. And one day we will have such a government.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “In Your Ear!, Mr. Clinton,” aired on October 18, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
Subscribe to Free Speech
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe!
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech. Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
Nam*:	Mail	to:
| |	National	Vanguard	Books
'	P.O.Box	330
v '.. .......r~~.-.. .	Hillsboro,	WV	24946
® 1997 • Nuiiofuil Vunguurd Books » Box 3 30 • Hilltboto • \X/V 24946 • $40/yetn