IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
FREE SPEECH • March 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. Ill
Evelyn Hill, Editor
Sinking of the Wilhelm
by Dr. William Pierce
Bill, Monica, and Saddam
by Dr. William Pierce
Jewish Policy Against Iraq
by Dr. William Pierce
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
The Wrecking of Our Schools
by Dr. William Pierce
Sinking of the Wilhelm Gustloff
What's said to be the most expensive motion picture ever made was released a few weeks ago and has been earning record money at the box office. The film, of course, is Titanic, and it's about the sinking of the ocean liner S.S. Titanic on April 15, 1912, with the loss of 1,513 lives, after the ship struck an iceberg in the North Adantic.
There are many superlatives in the film. The Titanic was the largest ship ever built at the time. It also was the most luxurious ship, intended to provide high-speed trans-Adantic transportation in comfort for the rich and pampered. The implication of the film is that the sinking of the Titanic is the greatest maritime disaster of all time. I'm sure that the great majority of the American public believes that to be the case, but it isn't. Everyone has heard about the sinking of the Titanic, and very few have heard about the sinking of the S.S. Wilhelm
Naval historian, Kit Bonner, with tableware and a ship's model made for the film Titanic.
Gustloff, which was the greatest maritime disaster.
It is easy to understand why everyone has heard about the Titanic: it was a very big, very expensive ship, claimed to be virtually “unsinkable,” which went down on its maiden voyage with a record number of celebrities and tycoons aboard. The irony of the sinking helped generate public interest and an enormous media coverage. When the Wilhelm Gustloff went down, on the other hand, with the loss of more than 7,000 lives, the controlled media adopted the deliberate policy that it was a non-event, not to be commented on or even reported. The Wilhelm Gustloff, like the Titanic, was a big passenger liner and was reasonably new and luxurious. But it was a German passenger liner. It was sunk in the Baltic Sea on the night of January 30, 1945, by a Soviet submarine. It was packed with nearly 8,000 Germans, most of them
2
women and children escaping from the advancing Soviet Army.
Many of these German refugees lived in East Prussia, a part of Germany that the Communist and democratic Allies had agreed would be taken bom Germany and given to the Soviet Union at the end of the Second World War. Others lived in Dan-rig and the surrounding area, which the democrats and Communists had decided would be taken from Germany and given to Poland. All of these refugees were fleeing in terror from the Reds, who already had demonstrated in East Prussia what was in store for any German unfortunate enough to foil into their hands.
As Soviet military units overtook columns of German civilian refugees fleeing to the west, they behaved in a way which has not been seen in Europe since the Mongol invasions of the Middle Ages. Often the men, most of them formers or Germans who had been engaged in other essential occupations and thus exempted from military service, were simply murdered on the spot. The women were, almost without exception, gang-raped. This was the fote of girls as young as eight years old and old women in their eighties, as well as women in the advanced stages of pregnancy. Women who resisted rape had their throats cut or were shot. Very often women were murdered after being gangraped. Many women and girls were raped so often and so brutally that they died from this abuse alone.
Sometimes Soviet tank columns simply rolled right over the fleeing refugees, grinding them into the mud with their tank treads. When Soviet Army units occupied East Prussian villages, they engaged in orgies of torture, tape, and murder so bestial that they cannot be described fully on this program. Sometimes they castrated the men and boys before killing them. Sometimes they gouged their eyes out Sometimes they burned them alive. Some women after being gangraped were crucified by being nailed to bam doors while still alive and then used for target practice.
This atrocious behavior on the part of the Communist troops was due in part co the nature of the Com-
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
Ilya Ehrenburg
munist system, which had succeeded in overthrowing Russian society and the Russian government in the first place by organizing the scum of Russian society — the losers and ne'er-do-wells, the criminals, the resentful and the envious — under the Jews and setting them against the successful, the accomplished, the refined, and the prosperous, promising the rabble that if they pulled down their betters then they could take the place of the latter: the first shall be last, and the last shall be first.
It was the members of this rabble, this scum of Russian society, who became the bosses of local soviets and collectives and workers' councils — when the positions had not already been taken by Jews. The Soviet soldiers of 1945 had grown up under tftfc system of rule by the worst; for 25 years they had lived under commissars chosen from the dregs of Russian society. Any tendency toward nobility or gentility had been weeded out ruthlessly. Stalin had ordered the butchering of 35,000 Red Army officers, half of the old Russian officers’ corps, in 1937, just two years before the war, because he did not trust gen-demen. The officers who replaced those shot in the 1937 purge were not much more civilized in their behavior than the commissars.
An even more specific and immediate cause of the atrocities committed against the German population of East Prussia was the Soviet hate pro-
paganda which deliberately incited the Soviet troops to rape and murder — even to murder German infonts. The chief of the Soviet propaganda commissars was a hate-filled Jew named Ilya Ehrenburg. One of his directives to the Soviet troops read:
“Kill! Kill! In the German race there is nothing but evil; not one among the living, not one among the yet unborn but is evil! Follow the precepts of Comrade Stalin. Stamp out the fascist beast once and for all in its lair! Use force and break the racial pride of these German women. Take them as your lawful booty. Kill! As you storm onward, kill, you gallant soldiers of the Red Army.”
Not every Russian soldier was a butcher or a rapist, of course: just most of them. A few of them still had a sense of morality and decency which even Jewish Communism had not destroyed. Alexander Solzhenitsyn was one of these. He was a young captain in the Red Army when it entered East Prussia in January 1945. He wrote later in his Gulag Archipelago:
All of us knew very well that if the girts were German they could be raped and then shot. This was almost a combat distinction.
In one of his poems, “Prussian Nights,” he describes a scene he witnessed in a house in the East Prussian town of Neidenburg:
Twenty-two Hoeringstrasse. Its not been burned, just looted, rifled. A moaning by the walls, half muffled: the mother's wounded, half alive. The little daughter's on the mattress, dead. How many have been on it? A platoon, a company perhaps? A girl's been turned into a woman, a woman turned into a corpse.
,.. The mother begs, “Soldier, kill me!*
For his failure to take Comrade Ehrenburg's directive to heart, Solzhenitsyn was reported by the political commissar in his unit as not being Politically Correct and was packed off to the gulag: that is, to a Soviet concentration camp.
And so, German civilians were fleeing in terror from East Prussia, and for many of them the only route of escape was across the icy Baltic Sea. They packed the port of Goeerv ha fen, near Danzig, hoping to find passage Co the west. Hider ordered all available civilian ships into the rescue effort. The Wilhelm Gustloff was one
C 1998 • fatal Vanguard Books • Box 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/jear
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
3
of these. A 25,000-ton passenger liner, it had been used before the war by the “Strength through Joy” organization to take German workers on low-cost vacation excursions. On January 30, 1945, when it steamed out of Gotenhafen it carried a crew of just under 1,100 officers and men, 73 critically wounded soldiers, 373 young women of the Women's Naval Auxiliary, equivalent to our WAVES, and more than 6,000 desperate refugees, most of them women and children.
Soviet submarines and aircraft were a constant menace to this rescue effort They regarded the refugee ships in the light of Ehrenburg's genocidal propaganda: the more Germans they could kill the better, and it didn't make any difference to them whether their victims were soldiers or women and children. At just after 9:00 PM, when the Wilhelm Gustloff was 13 miles off the coast of Pomerania, three torpedoes from the Soviet submarine S-13, under the command of Captain A.I. Marinesko, struck the ship. Ninety minutes later it sank beneath the icy waves of the Baltic. Although a heroic effort to pick up survivors was made by other German ships, barely 1,100 were saved. The rest, more than 7,000 Germans, died in the frigid water that night.
A few days later, on February 10, 1945, the same Soviet submarine sank the German hospital ship, the General von Steuben, and 3,500 wounded soldiers aboard the ship, who were being evacuated from East Prussia, drowned. To the Soviets, inflamed by Jewish hate propaganda, the sign of the Red Cross meant nothing. On May 6, 1945, the German freighter Goya, also part of the rescue fleet, was torpedoed by another Soviet submarine, and more than 6,000 refugees fleeing from East Prussia died.
The lack of knowledge in the United States about any of these terrible maritime disasters of 1945 is profound, even among people who consider themselves knowledgeable on naval matters. And this ignorance stems from the deliberate policy of the controlled media, a policy which has relegated these disasters to the category of non-events. The reason for this media policy originally was the
A young German girl who was raped and murdered by Soviet troops in 1945.
same reason which led the Jewish media bosses to blame the slaughter of 15,000 Polish officers and intellectuals in the Katyn woods in 1940 on the Germans. They knew that the Soviets had done it, as part of their effort to “proletarianize” Poland and make the Poles more amenable to Communist rule, but they didn't want to tarnish the image of our “gallant Soviet ally,” as the Reds were called by the controlled U.S. media during the war. They wanted Americans to think that the Germans were the bad guys and the Soviets were the good guys, so they simply lied about the Katyn massacre.
Likewise, even in the last months of the war, they didn't want Americans alerted to the fact that our “gallant Soviet ally” was butchering and raping the civilian population of East Prussia and deliberately sinking the civilian refugee ships which were helping the East Prussians escape across the Baltic Sea. That might damage America's enthusiasm for continuing the destruction of Germany with the help of our “gallant Soviet ally.” So the controlled media simply didn't report these things.
After the triumph of the democratic and Communist Allies and the unconditional surrender of Germany this reason no longer was valid, of
course. But by then another motive had taken its place. The Jews were beginning to build their “Holocaust” story and were demanding sympathy from the world — and reparations money from anyone they could get it from. As they began wailing about the supposed extermination of six million of their kinsmen in “gas ovens” by the wicked Germans and portraying themselves as the innocent and inoffensive victims of the greatest crime in history, they didn't want any facts getting in the way — and they certainly didn't want Americans to see both sides of the conflict; they didn't want the Germans seen as victims too. All Germans were evil, just like Comrade Ehrenburg had said; all Jews were good; and that was it. The Jews suffered, and die Germans didn't, and so now the world owed the Jews a living for not stopping the “Holocaust.”
It really wouldn't help their “Holocaust” propaganda at all to have die American public learn about what had happened in East Prussia or in the Baltic Sea — or to learn that our “gallant Soviet ally” had deliberately murdered the leadership stratum of the Polish nation in the Katyn woods, and that some of the murderers involved in that horrendous act were Jews. And so there has been a conspiracy of silence in America on the
© 1998 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
Ilya Ehrenburg and Albert Einstein in May 1946.
part of the Jewish media bosses. That's why Hollywood was willing to spend $200 million producing the film Titanic but would never consider any film dealing with the sinking of the Wilhelm Gustloff. It's not that such a film couldn't make money — I think that a film about East Prussia and the Wilhelm Gustloff could be a real blockbuster —«it's that there must be no sympathy for the Germans. There must be no rethinking of America’s reasons for waging war against Germany, no questioning of whether or not we did the right thing in allying ourselves with Communism on behalf of the Jews. And beside these considerations, the truth simply doesn't count — at least, not to the Jews who control our mass media.
This bit of history — America's motivations for engaging in the war in Europe, which really was something altogether separate from the war in the Pacific, despite the alliance between Germany and Japan — this bit of history always has fascinated me. And one of the interesting aspects about it is the unwillingness of so many Americans to examine it. I understand the sentiments of the Clintonista elements. To the kind of people who voted for Clinton, the Soviets were the good guys and the Germans were the bad guys on ideological grounds. Gang-rape, mass murder, and the sinking of refugee ships are not really crimes in the eyes of the Bill-and-Hillary types when they're done by Communists against “Nazis.”
But there also were a lot of decent Americans who fought in the war in Europe, anti-Communist Americans, and many of them don't want to think about the fact that they fought on the wrong side. These American Legion and VFW types don't want to hear about who really killed all of those Polish intellectuals and leaders in the Katyn woods. They don't want to know what happened in East Prussia in 1945. They hate it when I ask them, why did we fight Germany in the name of freedom and then turn half of Europe over to Communist slavery at the end of the war? They become angry when I suggest that perhaps Franklin Roosevelt was the same sort of lying, Jew-collab-orating traitor that Bill Clinton is, and that in return for media support he lied us into the war on behalf of the Jews, just the way Clinton is lying us into a war in the Middle East on behalf of the Jews.
I was far too young for military service in the Second World War, but I am sure that if 1 had fought in that war, I'd be even more interested in understanding what was behind it. I believe that knowing the truth about these things is far more important than protecting our carefully nurtured belief that we were on the side of righteousness. I believe that understanding how we were deceived in the past is necessary, if we are to avoid being deceived in the future.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Sinking of the Wilhelm Gustloff,” aired on February 14, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Join the jNjatio na I AH lance!
Your mon thltj d urs will help our educational efforts even more than a subscription to pree 5pccc^-
Add reM:
Mail m this coupon for more information and a membership application.
Mail to:
|S|atio nal Alliance
ro. Box 90
MiHsboro, WV 24?4d
dO 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
5
Bill, Monica, and Saddam
As we all watch the U.S. govern' ment deliberately move closer day by day to the war I predicted a year ago — when Clinton appointed his all-Jew-ish foreign policy, national security, and defense team — the question must come to many minds: Why do the American people permit this? Why do they vote for a government which clearly doesn't care at all about American interests? Why do they tolerate a government which plunges diem into unnecessary wars?
Well, of course, we already know part of the answer. An electorate which will put a creature like Bill Clinton into the White House twice clearly doesn't care much about American interests. All most of them care about is the size of their welfare checks. But there's more to the war mania in Washington than an irresponsible lumpen electorate. There is the conviction on the part of those pushing for war against Iraq that they can get away with it, that no one will call them to account for it, because the controlled media will cover for them. In fact, the controlled media are at the forefront of those insisting on a war. Which is why virtually every political prostitute in Washington, Republican as well as Democrat, is beating the war drums and calling for die bombing of Iraq to begin.
But the American people — the decent, level-headed, responsible portion of the electorate that didn't vote for Clinton — what about them? Why are so few of diem speaking out against the government's warmongering? I mean, when our government goes in and tears up another country and massacres thousands of its citizens for no good reason, it reflects on all of us. Why do we not at least speak out against it?
For an answer we must examine in more detail the role of the controlled mass media in this affair. They are not just telling the politicians of both parties that if they want media support at the next election they had better ratde their sabres at Saddam Hussein; they also are deceiving the
American people about all of the issues involved.
The situation is almost as bad as it was back in the days before the Second World War, when the controlled media were trying to work up a war fever against Germany by telling the American people that Hitler intended to invade and conquer the United States, that our government had discovered a secret plan Hider had to conquer Brazil first and then to send his Panzers up through Central America and across the Rio Grande. As crazy as that story sounds, I've met American Legion and VFW types who still cite that as a justification for having gone to war against Germany. We had to do it to keep Germany from invading us by way of Brazil.
The media can get away with peddling such whoppers to the public because they have almost no competition. There's almost no one to contradict them and point out their lies to the public, almost no one to challenge their claims of secret plans for invasions by way of Brazil and explain to the public why that doesn't make sense. And in 1940 and 1941 no prominent politician wanted to anger the Jews by pointing out to the public that the idea of a German invasion of the United States by way of Brazil was simply ridiculous. Even then the Jews had a virtual deathgrip on the flow of information to the general public, and with that deathgrip they lied us into the bloodiest and crudest war in history, in which we not only killed millions of the best people of our own race but then turned half of Europe over to Communist slavery at the end of the war. But of course, it gained for the Jews what they wanted, which was the destruction of the one man in the whole world with both the will and the ability to free Europe from their grip. And if they got what they wanted, nothing else mattered.
Today the official media line is that Saddam Hussein is the new Hitler. He is a menace to the world, they say, because he has chemical and biological weapons and wants to produce
nuclear weapons as well, and the United Nations hasn't given him permission to do so.
Actually, Saddam Hussein is no menace at all to the world, but he is a threat to Israel's ambitions in the Middle East, because a strong Iraq under a strong leader could make it too cosdy for Israel to continue bullying and robbing her Arab neighbors. So the Jews would like to have us get rid of Saddam Hussein and cripple Iraq for them. It's better for us to take the losses involved, they figure, than to risk Jewish casualties. So Saddam Hussein's refusal to take orders from the United Nations is portrayed by the media as an intolerable affront to us. I mean, who does he think he is, refusing to abide by United Nations resolutions and thumbing his nose at Mr. Clinton's all-Jewish defense and foreign policy team? Let's teach him a lesson! Let's punch him in the nose!
Of course, no one in the mass media portrays as intolerable Israel's flaunting of United Nations resolutions. No one in the media urges a military strike against Israel to take out that country's nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons facilities. The United Nations has never given Israel permission to develop any of those weapons, but it went ahead and developed them anyway. Should we condemn Iraq for wanting to develop equivalent weapons when it has a paranoid, megalomaniac neighbor like Israel? Clearly all of the media talk about the need to control weapons of mass destruction and to enforce the rule of law in international affairs is crooked. It is sham and pretense. It is aimed solely at deceiving the American people so that the Jews can get what they want, which is a war to destroy Iraq, with us taking the casualties instead of Israel. The Jewish mass media, with their treatment of the Middle East situation in general and the U.S. government's war plans against Iraq in particular, are doing for the rule of law in international affairs what Bill Clinton is doing for morality in government.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
William Cohen, Madeleine Albright, and Samuel Berger before the disastrous Ohio town meeting
Let me emphasize my point about the utter crookedness and treason of the mass media in America by backing off from the Iraq situation for a minute and talking about a quite different media topic. I spoke in an earlier broadcast about Steven Spielberg's new Hollywood film, Amistad, but since then I've looked into the subject further and learned a few more interesting things about the way In which the American public is being deceived.
Steven Spielberg, everyone must admit, is certainly one of die most influential of the Jewish media bosses. He's not some eccentric taking a course separate from mat of the ocher media bosses, but is a mainstream figure respected and praised by his fellow media tycoons — and by the whole Jewish community, in fact. He s made two very important propaganda films which have had a targe impact on the consciousness of the American public and have been heavily promoted and praised by die other media
bosses. Those two films are Schindler's List and Amis tad. The first is about how the Jews were mistreated by White people — specifically by Germans — and the second is about how Blacks were mistreated by White people — specifically by 19th-century White Americans who were insuffi-ciendy sympathetic to the Abolitionist position. And both films are filled with lies, distortions, and pure invention masquerading as historical truth. They are propaganda films, with no regard for the truth: films which were designed purely as psychological weapons for keeping White people off balance and feeling guilty, so that Jews can manipulate and exploit them more easily.
Schindler's List left the theaters long ago, but Amistad is still being shown and reviewed, and it is being treated by the controlled media as almost a historical documentary, just like Schindler's List was. The feet of the matter is that all of the dialogue in Amistad, several of the characters, and
much of the plot were invented by Spielberg's scriptwriters and have no basis in fact. Yet Spielberg's Hollywood production company actually has had the brass to produce a so-called “film study guide and learning kit” which has been mailed out to thousands of high school teachers and principals with the suggestion that it be used to bring the so-called “lessons” of Amistad into their school curricula. Nowhere in Spielberg's material for high school students is there any hint that the film is not historically accurate.
What h is “learning kit” for students does contain, however, is a statement by one of his associates in the production of the film, Debbie Allen. She condemns the history texts used in American schools as “racist, because they fail to give an account of the achievements of Blacks, and she blames this “racism” on Whites refusing to acknowledge “the contributions of a culture that was for beyond and centuries ahead.
© 1998 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/'ycar
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
Spielberg's Amistad associate wants White high school students to be taught that Black African culture is “far beyond and centuries ahead” of European culture, of White culture. Now that is brassy, even for a Jewess. But how many White teachers and principals who receive Spielberg's “learning kit” do you believe will have the courage to point out to students that her statement is sheer nonsense — and risk being called “racists” for their honesty? How many, in this age of cowardice, official lies, and Political Correctness?
Let me tell you something about the hero of Spielberg's film, the Black leader named Cinque. He is portrayed as a person of noble character who has been terribly wronged by being enslaved, as a person who is morally offended by die notion of slavery and therefore is morally superior to the Whites who are not offended.
Well, in the 19th century there actually was a mutinous Black slave named Cinque who instigated a mutiny and the murder of the White captain and crew of a Spanish ship, was captured by the U.S. Navy, was tried and acquitted — for political rather than legal reasons — by a U.S. court, and then was sent back to Africa. This all really happened. And here's something else that really happened: when Cinque got back to Africa, back to Sierra Leone where his home was, he went into business — as a slave dealer, buying and selling his fellow Blacks.
Oh, did Mr. Spielberg forget to tell you that? Did his colleague Debbie fail to mention that7 Did all of those film reviewers writing so learnedly about Cinque and his adventures in die New York Times, the Washing-ton Post, and other Jewish mass media not have enough room for that litde detail?
Well you can read about it in some of those “racist” history books Debbie was complaining about For example, there is The Oxford History of the American People by the late Samuel Eliot Morison, a very distinguished author and historian — probably the most distinguished American historian — who taught American history for many years at Harvard. The information about
Rwandans attempt to escape their “superior culture” via a road made with European technology while carrying whatever Western items they possess.
Cinque's slave-dealing will be found on page 520 of the 1965 edition of Morison's book. That's The Oxford History of the American People by Samuel Eliot Morison. You'll find it in many college libraries or larger public libraries.
So what does Steven Spielberg's crookedness have to do with Mr. Clinton's campaign to drag America into another war in the Middle East7 I'll tell you. The connection is the media. The same Jewish media bosses who gave us Amistad and who reviewed it without telling us about its deceptions and lies and misrepresentations and who now are trying to convince White high school students that African culture was and is centuries ahead of European culture, and we should feel guilty for not having acknowledged that — these same Jewish media bosses who warned us that Germany was planning to invade the United States by way of Brazil — more recendy have been explaining to us why we must go to war to destroy Saddam Hussein. Should we trust them? Should we believe them when
they tell us that Iraq is our enemy and Saddam Hussein is a threat to the United States? Well, about as much as we should believe them when they tell us what a high-minded fellow Cinque was and how much further advanced Black culture is than ours.
What can we believe from the bunch of liars who control our news and entertainment media? I'll tell you what news from them we cannot believe, what news we dare not take at face value, and that is any news that has a bearing on Jewish interests or concerns — which means that reading a newspaper or listening to a newscast has become a very tricky business these days. You really have to be able to read between the lines, you have to know about hidden motives, you have to understand a lot of things they don't tell you in order to interpret what they do tell you.
Take as an example the Bill and Monica story we've been getting so much of recendy. They're really doing a good job of tearing up their former best pal Bill Clinton, of exposing every sordid bit of his thoroughly rotten private life to public scrutiny. The
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
New York Times and other big Jewish newspapers even reported the comments of Clinton's Jewish buddy and former White House adviser Dick Morris, when he suggested during a radio interview a few days ago that the reason Clinton drops his trousers for various female government employees so often is that Hillary “isn't into regular sex with men." Wow! That must have really hurt
Now, Dick Morris, as a former Clinton intimate and confidant, was in a position to know things like that, but the interesting aspect of this is that the Jewish media are now reporting such details. Why? After all, they've spent years covering for Clinton, protecting him, and suppressing unfavorable news about him. Have they suddenly decided to go straight, to become honest and tell us the truth about Clinton?
No. In fact, they tried at the beginning of the current scandal to cover it up. Newsweek magazine, which is owned by the Jewish ^Washington Post Company, was sitting on the story and hoping it woula go away, but an independent reporter put the story on tne Internet, and eventually Newsweek realized that the news about Bill and Monica was just too hot to be suppressed. And then at some point early in this affair the collective decision was made by the Jewish media bosses to stop protecting Clinton, to abandon him to the fate he so richly deserves. He had screwed up so many times that he had become a liability for them. They had enjoyed die luxury of having a totally subservient, totally corrupt President who
would do whatever they told him to do — but the jerk just couldn't keep his zipper up. Why keep embarrassing themselves with Clinton when A1 Gore would do what he was told just as eagerly as Clinton would?
Now as one reads the Newsweek stories about Bill and Monica, one can sense the underlying sarcasm and the exasperation of the reporters and editors. The February 16, 1998, issue of Newsweek reported: “. . . there is an unmistakable sense in Washington that the protective wall around Clinton is beginning to crack.” Indeed it
is.	That sentence from the February 16 Newsweek is just an understated way of saying, the insiders have decided that the bum is finished, despite his approval by the rabble.
So, yes, if one is able to distinguish truth from falsehood, one can sometimes find truth in the controlled media — but not because the media bosses have any honesty in them; it's just because they sometimes change their minds about what suits their interests; they sometimes change their strategy. Sometimes they decide to stop protecting people mat they had been protecting earlier, and then you may be able to learn something about a person that you couldn't learn the truth about earlier. And that's where we are with Bill Clinton now.
In this regard, I was in Germany a few days ago, and the Germans were really curious about the Clinton situation. It didn't seem real to them. They thought there must be some trick to
it.	Tney just couldn't believe that the most powerful and dangerous country on earth is being led by an irresponsi-
ble clown like Clinton. I assured them that it isn't: that the United States is a democracy, and therefore it is led by the people who control the mass media.
Now, this is the sort of thing that's embarrassing to the media bosses. They like to maintain the illusion that the puppets they put up for public office in the United States are the ones who are really in control. Clinton has completely blown their cover — at least in places like Germany, where the average citizen is a bit more alert than over here. So that's why they've decided to abandon Clinton and let him stew in his own juice.
But the Jewish media bosses still believe that destroying Iraq's ability to wage war against their kinsmen in Israel suits their interests. Forcing America to go to war against Iraq on their behalf is still very much a part of their strategy. Remember that when our military people start killing Iraqi women ana children with their “smart” bombs and missiles, and the media bosses try to make you feel heroic about it and tell you that we had to do it, because Saddam was a threat to the American way of life.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Bill, Monica, and Saddam,” aired on February 21, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Jewish Policy Against Iraq
It used to be that before we would wage war against another country, we had to believe that we had some moral justification for doing so. And it used to be that die only moral justification which we considered sufficient was selfdefense.
No matter how much we disliked another country or its policies, we would not attack them with our armed forces — we would not wage war against them —■ unless they attacked us or one of our allies first We used to put a lot of stock in never being an aggressor, but acting only in selfddense. We had to wait until we were hit before we would hit back.
Even the Second World War, in which all of die media Jews — and therefore their boy Franklin Roosevelt — wanted the participation .of the United States in die worst way, had to wait until our government could maneuver Japan into attacking us at Pearl Harbor. Roosevelt and his Jews had been trying for more than a year before Pearl Harbor to provoke Germany into doing something which we could use as a pretext for declaring war. Our Navy had been firing on German ships at sea and doing everything else it could to provoke a military response from die Germans, but die last thing Hider wanted was a war
with America, and so the German Navy was under orders not to shoot back. Roosevelt secredy had told Churchill and others that he would bring the United States into the war as soon as he could, but first he needed something which he could hold up to the American public as moral justification for a declaration of war against Germany.
Well, Mr. Clinton went on television about 10 days ago to present to Americans his moral justification for waging war against Iraq. I figured beforehand that he and Mr. Cohen would have cooked up some phony “incident,” some Tonkin Gulf affair,
O 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
Pearl Harbor After the Japanese Attack Even in World War II the United States waited until its forces were directly attacked before it entered into the war.
they could use to claim that the United States was acting in self' defense. But Mr. Clinton didn't even have such a pretext! His sole excuse for an attack on Iraq was that Iraq wouldn't follow orders. Saddam Hus* sein wouldn't permit the UN inspection teams to poke around in his palace bedroom and in other places Mr. Clinton said they must be permitted to inspect. For that Mr. Clinton proposed to launch a massive military assault on Iraq, which certainly would kill many Iraqis and would put us into a state of war with a country which has done nothing against us. He proposed to kill Iraqis on a large scale in order to enforce a policy. That's moving warfare onto quite new moral grounds for America, and it's something about which we ought to be quite concerned.
Do you remember when Mr. Clinton was explaining to the American people why we had to wage war against Iraq? He said that if we don't attack Iraq now and bomb the hell out of the Iraqis they'll develop weapons of mass destruction. And then, with that boyish little grin he puts on whenever he wants one of his lies to be especially convincing, he said that
if we permit the Iraqis to develop weapons of mass destruction, then someday they'll use them. “You can be sure of that,” he said.
That's a justification for a massive military attack on another country? An unsubstantiated assurance by a habitual liar that if we don't attack another country now, then they'll develop weapons we don't want them to have, and then, someday, they'll use them.
For something. Maybe for defending themselves from Israel? That, of course, is the key to this whole, sordid business — Iraq may defend itself from Israel — but it's something that's never admitted in public by the politicians or the media. Instead Iraq always is held up as a threat to us, to America, to the world: we must get the Iraqis before they get us. And that, of course, is nonsense: total nonsense. But Mr. Clinton is surrounded by people who parrot the same nonsense. The only people he talks with are his Jewish advisers and officials, the media, and other politicians. They all agree with him. Until Saddam Hussein's agreement just a few days ago to let the UN inspection teams into his bedroom whenever they want
to come in, all of the people around Clinton agreed we should attack Iraq, and the sooner the better. Now most of them have backed off a bit until they can figure out a new reason for attacking, on which they’re working.
Some Republicans are saying that we should ignore the UN agreement and attack anyway. Mr. Clinton thinks that because the Republican politicians as well as the Democrat politicians support his warmongering, he's got a lot of support. Of course, these Republican and Democrat politicians are as corrupt and as totally lacking in genuine patriotism as he is. They are men who fall to the ground and begin groveling whenever they see a Jew. And they know that the Jews are virtually 100 per cent in favor of a war against Iraq — although they never say this in public.
It was this “bipartisan support” from the corrupt crowd in Washington which led Clinton to make the disastrous mistake of sending his all-Jewish defense and foreign-policy team to Ohio State University last week to stage one of his “town meeting” propaganda stunts that he thought would help persuade ordinary Americans to support his war
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
10
against Iraq. The Clintonistas were surprised when a substantial portion of the audience rejected Clinton's war. Albright, Cohen, and Berger were expecting the same sort of groveling acquiescence to their policies that they are accustomed to from the Washington crowd, and they really didn't like it when people in Ohio asked them why America supported Israel and proposed to bomb Iraq, when Israel is by far the more flagrant flouter of UN resolutions.
I hate to keep reminding everybody of this, but what the Clinton government was trying to do — and what some of their people are still trying to figure out an excuse for doing — is exactly what I predicted more than a year ago. In my broadcast of December 21, 1996, right after Mr. Clinton had appointed his new, all-Jewish foreign policy, national security, and defense team. I said:
“I am convinced that there will be a strong effort to involve America in another major war during the next four years. This effort will be disguised, of course. It will be cloaked in deceit, as such efforts always are. While the warmongers are scheming for war, they will tell us how much they want peace.”
I explained my reasons for believing that the Clinton team would try to start a war. I explained in detail why the Jews need a war and why they need it before the end of Clinton's second term. Those reasons still hold. And that’s why the Jews around Clinton will push ahead with their war plans despite the obvious reluctance of most non-Jewish Americans to go to war for them and despite the new agreement between Iraq and the
UN.
The situation in Washington today is really bizarre. We've never before had anything quite like it Clinton has a few of his old cronies from Arkansas with him in the White House, people like lawyer Bruce Lindsay, who used to get him out of problems with drugs back in Arkansas and who now helps him with problems like Paula Jones and Monica Lewinsky, but nearly everyone else is a Jew — especially everyone who has anything to do with foreign policy or national defense.
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
One of Clinton's top advisers in the White House is the Jew Rahm Emanuel. During the 1991 war against Iraq Emanuel joined the army: the Israeli army, that is.
He's a dual citizen and one of the key advisers who sets policies for Clinton. Madeleine Albright, the Jewess Clinton chose to handle America's foreign affairs, has had very little foreign policy experience, but she has surrounded herself in the State Department with experienced people, and they're all Jews too. The Jew she chose to head the State Department's Middle Eastern section, Martin Indyk, wasn't even a U.S. citizen when Clinton was first elected President. His whole life has been spent working for Israel in one capacity or another, and now he's the man in charge of “our” policy in the Middle East.
These people aren't concerned about what's good for the United States. They're concerned about what's good for Israel, what's good for the Jews. We might as well have the Israeli Knesset conducting our affairs of state for us. They're all hot to blast Iraq back into the Stone Age, and they want us to do it for them. I don’t think it even occurred to them before they staged that town meeting in Ohio that not all Americans are eager to do that for them.
Unfortunately, however, some Americans are — and not just the Washington politicians, who are always eager to do whatever the Jews want. I saw a television interview with one of our military pilots in the Persian Gulf, and he was obviously eager to begin the war. We have all of these hot, new weapons, he said, and he wants to see what they'll really do. He's been trained to use these weapons, he said, and he's eager to try out the things he's learned. He's eager to try out his new bombs and missiles on live targets. The TV interviewer seemed to think that this was a normal, healthy sentiment: the sentiment of a real patriot.
I remember a time when I was a kid and I had just bought a new rifle, and 1 was hot to go out in the woods and try it out on live targets. I wanted to see what my bullets would do to live animals. I'm really ashamed now
that I ever thought like that: that I was so indifferent to the destruction of wildlife and the suffering of animals. But apparendy the Jewish media bosses aren't ashamed to broadcast interviews with our military people who are eager to start blowing Iraqis to bits with their new weapons so they can see how well these weapons work, people who are hot for some live targets.
During the past seven years we've killed five per cent of the population of Iraq with the embargo that Jews like Madeleine Albright are so determined to maintain. Five per cent of the population. What do you call that? Genocide?
I am not a pacifist. I am not against war, when war serves our purposes, rather than someone else's purposes. I'm not even against genocide, if we're killing people who need to be killed, people who are our natural enemies. But I don't like being tricked into going to war or waging genocide against someone else's enemies.
We were told — and I'm convinced that we will be told again — that we must go to war against Iraq because it's bad for Iraq to have weapons of mass destruction. And what about Israel's weapons of mass destruction? You ask that question of one of Mr. Clinton's Jews and you'll be told that we're more concerned about Iraq than about Israel because Iraq has a record of aggression, a record of attacking her neighbors. As if Israel doesn't attack her neighbors!
Over the past 50 years Israel has attacked her neighbors more often than any other country in the Middle East. Israel has grabbed the territory of her neighbors in one war after another, and every time has been armed and supported by the United States government in this aggression. The United Nations has condemned Israel's aggression and has passed a number of resolutions demanding that Israel give back the land stolen from her neighbors, but those resolutions are ignored with impunity.
If we want to compare the relative aggressiveness of Israel and Iraq, let us not forget that it was Israel who first attacked Iraq. All we hear from the controlled media is that Iraq fired some SCUD missiles at Israel during
€> 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
11
the Gulf War. What we are never reminded of is Israel's military strike against Iraq in 1981. That Israeli strike, by the way, was a sneak attack. Iraq had done nothing to Israel to provoke it. When Iraq fired its SCUD missiles at Israel in 1991, Iraq was under massive military attack by the United States and its allies, and I think that we cannot blame Saddam Hussein for regarding that as an attack on his country by Israel. Then as now we were being used as an instrument of Jewish policy, and the world understood that, even if few world leaders had the honesty to say so.
I predicted this war effort against Iraq because I understood the underlying forces at work. I cannot predict what the eventual outcome of the war will be after it begins. There are too many variables. But one outcome I think we should be prepared for is the commencement of terrorism on a significant scale in the United States. I know that if I were Saddam Hussein I would have spent the last seven years quiedy putting agents into place in the United States: agents equipped with biological and chemical weapons. The U.S. military machine is capable of completely destroying Iraq. There's no way that Iraq can oppose the United States by conventional means. We can, of course, threaten horrible retaliation against Iraq if biological or chemical terrorists strike in the United States. Still, if I were Saddam Hussein, as a last resort I would use my terrorists. I would turn them loose against the Great Satan to do as much damage as possible. I wouldn't go down without a fight. I would teach the world a lesson about the limits of the Great Satan's power.
The Jews, of course, are willing to take that chance with the lives of our people. They've got their borders under a lot tighter control than we have. It may be difficult for Arab terrorists to smuggle biological weapons into Israel, but it's not difficult at all to smuggle them into the United States. Illegal aliens enter the United States by the hundreds every day. And a few may have really potent terrorist weapons. Perhaps we'll find out what some of those weapons are capable of doing to our civilian population.
White American Cars prepare to make the Mideast sate for Israel.
In fact, I'd not be surprised if Israel is thinking right now about popping an anthrax bomb in some place without many Jews — some place like Des Moines, say, or Sioux Falls — if the Israelis think that's the only way they can get their war against Iraq started. Israel can do this knowing that Iraq will be the one blamed by the media and the government and the one that our military will flatten in retaliation. That is the sort of thing Israel has done before. That is what Israel had in mind back during its 1967 war against its neighbors when it tried to sink our electronic intelligence ship the USS Liberty. If the Israeli attack on the Liberty had been successful, the sinking would have been blamed on Egypt.
In any case, if Mr. Clinton's advisers figure out a way to get around the UN agreement with Iraq and proceed with their planned war it will be perceived by the world — and most especially by the Islamic world — as an attack carried out for the benefit of, and at the behest of, the Jews. And an attack against Iraq will gready increase the likelihood of terrorist activity in the United States, whether that activity begins immediately or later. There's one interesting thing about biological and chemical terrorism: they don't require much in the way of resources. Anyone with a little
graduate training in microbiology or chemistry can figure out how to produce extremely lethal substances. The equipment required is minimal. One country wanting to wipe out another country with chemical or biological weapons delivered in a military way might need big factories and warehouses for the equipment and materials, but an educated terrorist aiming to build a biological or chemical bomb to kill 100,000 people can do it in his basement. All that's required is the will. Mr. Clinton and the gang of Jews around him are providing that will to a lot of people around the world.
When the first such terrorist attack hits the United States — not if, but when — the media and the government will be yapping about “extremism” and “hate” and “anti-Semitism” and all of their familiar devils. But you and I will know whom to blame. We will understand who brought it on.
You know, there are many people, in Washington and out of Washington, who already know everything I've told you today. The Jewishness of the Clinton gang and the Clinton government's policies is just too obvious to miss. Unfortunately, most of these people are too polite, too cautious, or just too timid to talk about the Jewishness of America's affliction.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
They are afraid that they will be condemned as “racists” or “anti-Semites” if they attribute the Clinton government’s policy against Iraq specifically to the Jews. And so they talk all around the problem. They talk about the government's policy being a bad policy, an unwise policy, a policy which is harmful to America, but they refuse to tie that policy to Madeleine Albright's Jewishness, Samuel
Berger's Jewishness, William Cohen's Jewishness, Rahm Emanuel's Jewishness, Martin Indyk's Jewishness, or the Jewishness of the whole Clinton gang. They will try to find other explanations for the policy: any explanation except the explanation that those behind the policy are Jews, and the policy was formulated to benefit Jews at the expense of the rest of us.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Jewish Policy Against Iraq,” aired on February 28, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Wrecking of Our Schools
In October 1997 the Clintonistas celebrated the 40th anniversary of one of the proudest moments in the history of America's march toward the New World Order, a moment whose memory makes every Clintonista misty-eyed and brings a lump to his throat. That was the moment in 1957 when the Federal government sent troops into Little Rock, Arkansas, to force, at bayonet point, the racial integration of little Rock's all-White Central High School, and the White citizens of Litde Rock did not revolt. The Clintonistas still like to give their denched-fist salute when they gloat with each other about this easy victory over the hated White racists who wanted to keep Blacks out of Central High School. Bill Clinton made a special trip back to little Rock a few weeks ago to lead the gloating.
Today the enrollment at Central High School is 60 per cent Black, and conditions there have changed accordingly. Two of the members of my organization, the National Alliance, are high school teachers in Arkansas, and they wrote to me with comments about their own experiences in Arkansas schools today, along with comments by some of their colleagues which had been published in local newspapers. You won't find any of this in the New York Times or the Washington Post, of course, because it's news which doesn't fit One teacher wrote to me that while the 40th-anni-versary hoopla was still going on in Central High there was a gang fight in the school involving approximately 40 Black students. It took six police* men using pepper spray to break it up. That’s pretty routine stuff at Cen-
tral High these days. Other teachers report about school plays being broken up by rowdy Blacks in the audience	and	about the teachers'
frustration over the fact that they're not permitted to do anything to control the Black students. The school administrators are afraid to have records of suspensions and expulsions which show a disproportionately	large	number of Black
troublemakers.
Little Rock schools are still operating under various court orders, and court-appointed Clintonistas monitor very closely everything in the schools regarding race. One teacher writes: “When the deseg monitors come to my classroom, they don't ask me anything about the curriculum or the success of the students. They count the Black and White faces and check to be sure that I have posters of African-Americans on the walls. Never mind that I teach British literature.” “Deseg monitors” in the classrooms: doesn't that sound Orwellian, like something right out of George Orwell's novel 1984? Actually, it's Clintonian. It is a real shame that we are permitting it to happen in America.
The real shame for us is not that Black students are having gang fights and otherwise behaving the way they always do; it is that nearly 40 per cent of the students at Central High are still White and are subjected to this environment. The Litde Rock school board is able to keep a minority of White students in the formerly all-White Central High by making it a so-called “magnet” school, with many advanced courses that are not available at other high schools. The Clin-
tonistas want to keep the schools racially integrated, and so they are forced to employ such stratagems as magnet schools, but they really don't like the way these things work out in detail. What has happened at Central High is that the students have resegregated themselves: the Whites are 39 per cent of the general enrollment, but make up nearly 90 per cent of the enrollment in the courses for gifted students and 87 per cent of the advanced classes. There was a major article in U.S. News & World Report a few weeks ago lamenting this fact and asking what can be done to achieve complete racial mixing at Central High and other public schools across the country. The Clintonistas always have looked on schools which separate students into different classes on the basis of ability as “undemocratic.” In the case of racially mixed schools, ability tracking also has the embarrassing result of exposing the differences in ability between Blacks and Whites.
Now, race, unfortunately, isn't the only problem in America's schools — although it's a big problem, especially in the cities. It's the racial integration of our schools which has brought drugs, gang fights, schoolroom rapes, assaults on teachers, and a general atmosphere of indiscipline to the education of our children. But the same people who pushed so hard for die racial integration of die schools 40 years ago have been pushing for other changes too, and in the long run these other changes may prove to be at least as destructive.
I'll give you an example based on my own experience. I receive a great
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
13
deal of correspondence from people all over the United States, and one of the things which impresses me is the inability of a relatively large percentage of our adult population to use the English language effectively or cor-recdy. Spelling, punctuation, and grammar are very often abysmal. These people who write to me are virtually all high school graduates, and many of them also are university graduates, some with advanced degrees, but they have failed to learn how to use the English language at what used to be a grammar school level.
As a child I attended schools in five different districts from Virginia to Texas, and I believe that the standards in these schools were only average. But the standards were such that a substantial portion of the people from whom I receive letters today would not have been permitted to graduate with the low level of proficiency in English manifested by their letters. And it's not that these people are unintelligent; I've spoken personally with many of them who are quite intelligent. They just didn't learn English, and I've worried for a long time about why this is so.
We all understand, of course, that the schools have been dumbed down in order to make it possible for Blacks to cope with them. But this shouldn't have made it impossible for Whites to learn who really wanted to learn. I was discussing this problem with a professor of education at a major American university just last week, and he explained to me that it's not just the racial integrationists and egalitarians who have been changing the nature of our schools in recent decades. The feminists also have had a major role in the wrecking of our educational system. Feminists are solidly entrenched in the education departments which train our teachers and design our school curricula. They have gained a virtual stranglehold on many facets of our educational system. And let me tell you, if there is any bunch of people in this country with wackier and more destructive ideas than the racial egalitarians, it is the feminists. They have been busy feminizing the education of our children, and it shows up in the inability of an increasing number of Ameri-
Federal troops implement the integration of Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas.
cans to use English effectively. The key to understanding why this is so is the fact that the feminists not only promote the teaching of feminist propaganda in the schools — denying any essential differences between men and women, among other things — but they also are changing the way in which children are taught, in order to bring it into conformity with their own ideas.
Feminists, for example, always have been against competition. They regard competitiveness as a masculine trait, and they try to discourage it in every way they can. They are in league with the racial egalitarians in pushing for an end to the grading of students. Setting precise standards and then grading students numerically according to their performance relative to those standards is anathema to them. They see it as psychologically damaging to the students — especially to those who make low scores. They much prefer a warm and fuzzy approach to evaluating students. Their goal for the classroom is coop-
eration, as opposed to what they like to refer to as “cutthroat” competition. They love committees and work groups and consensus. They want to see the students deal with learning as a group, with the brighter students helping the duller students. They like to see problems talked to death in a group. It's really not stretching their ideas very far to say that whenever the members of a student group disagree about the answer to a question or a problem, the feminists would like to see the students vote on the correct answer. They really do have a different view of the nature of reality.
The feminists also don't like to see a strong emphasis on rules. It destroys creativity, they believe. Rules and details should be relegated to a secondary position, and students should be given the “big picture” instead. They should be able to talk about a subject in broad terms without worrying too much about the details. And the feminists don't much care for an analytical approach to any subject. Analysis is too masculine.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/y<
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
A “Workplace Readiness” class at Central High today. This general level class contains mostly Black students.
What all of this means when it comes to the teaching of English to students is that the rules of grammar, punctuation, and style are de-empha-sized, and the students instead are given a “feeling” for what constitutes standard English.
Here's a specific example of the way in which the feminist influence in education has affected Americans' mastery of their language. When I was a student back in the fifth or sixth grade, one of the most important tools I learned for understanding grammar was the diagramming of sentences. This involved breaking down a sentence into its constituent structural components and analyzing their relationships to each other: subjects, predicates, conjunctions, direct objects, objects of prepositions, modifying phrases and clauses, and so on. 1 had to fit every word in the sentence into a structural diagram which emphasized the role of the word in relation to the other words. It seems as if every night for a couple of years 1 was diagramming sentences. And I was called to the blackboard hundreds of times to diagram sentences. 1 didn’t enjoy it, but it taught me to look at language analytically. It gave me the habit of building sentences
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books * Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
the way an architect designs buildings: a very useful habit, 1 believe.
But most high school graduates today — not all, but most — have never diagrammed a sentence. The concept is completely unfamiliar to them. Instead, they have been taught to see the “big picture” in English, to get a “feeling” for it. The feminists regard diagramming with distaste: too analytical, too masculine. They have succeeded in having it phased out of most curricula. The consequence is that most high school graduates are not able to use English with a reasonable degree of precision. They have not really mastered the language. Of course, they usually can say approximately what they mean when they write a letter, and that's good enough to get by for most purposes. The decline in the degree of precision with which the average American uses English more or less matches the general decline in the level of civilization in our society.
This decline is sufficient that most Americans are no longer bothered by the dropping of the old, sexist rule that a pronoun must agree in number with its antecedent, and so the language can be made more nearly Politically Correct without alarming too many people. For example, in the bad, old days of grammatical rules a teacher might have announced to a class: “Any student who wishes to graduate with his classmates must do all of his homework.” Today the Politically Correct teacher would announce instead: “Any student who wishes to graduate with their classmates must do all of their homework.” A bit less precise, a bit more open to misunderstanding, you must admit — although a reasonable person could guess what the teacher probably meant. The important thing, though, is that it keeps the feminists happy.
Perhaps it seems foolish to worry about such matters as the gradual loss of facility with English by the average American at a time when our entire society is under attack by those who are determined to destroy us. Why should we even think about the diagramming of sentences or the agreement of pronouns with their antecedents when we have a growing
flood of non-White immigrants pouring into our country, when we have a rising tide of racial intermarriage, and when Bill Clinton is in the White House? Why should we even concern ourselves with the gradual dumbing down of our schools when we have a government of traitors and criminals who are hell-bent on suppressing our freedom as individuals and our sovereignty as a nation and dragging us into the New World Order?
Certainly, if we could in any quick, direct, and simple way halt non-White immigration, halt racial intermarriage, get Bill Clinton out of the White House, get rid of the other traitors and criminals in Washington, and restore our government to health and honesty, that's what we should be doing, instead of worrying about the details of what's been done to our schools. The fact is, however, that it all hangs together. In order to solve the big problems, we must first understand them, and to understand them we must look at the details, at all of the little specifics.
What's been done to our schools is one of those details. Understanding this detail, understanding who did it, what their motivations are, and how they did it is important to us — really, essential to us — if we are to understand how to deal with the big problems. It's important to understand that the damage done by feminism in our schools is more than teaching some Politically Correct nonsense about there being no difference between the sexes, because this helps us to understand that the damage done by feminism in our armed forces is more than merely putting women into formerly all-male combat units. We need to understand that wherever feminism gains a dominant influence, it brings with it a different way of looking at the world and of dealing with reality. And this different view of reality has profound consequences — ultimately lethal consequences — for our whole society.
Everything hangs together: our schools, our armed forces, our government. Understanding the problems in one area helps us understand the problems everywhere else. For example, thinking about the way in which feminists have de-emphasized
FREE SPEECH for March 1998
15
competition in our schools and discouraged the competitive spirit of American children gives us insight into the growing softness, the growing wimpishness, that we see in so many young men these days.
And learning about the role of the feminists in the destruction of our society leads us to a better understanding of other destructive influences. We can understand better, for example, why the Jews, whose own traditions are anything but feminist, have so enthusiastically promoted feminism in our society. We can understand better why the media of news and entertainment, which are so largely under Jewish control, have worked so hard and for so long to ram feminist propaganda down our throats.
Understanding is essential. It doesn't do us much good to become angry and wave our arms and shout about the evils of the New World Order in general terms. If we want other people to agree with us and join forces with us, then we must be credible and we must help them understand what's going on and why. We must be specific. We must explain the details as well as the big picture. And we need a lot more people to join forces with us if we are to be able to compete effectively with the Jews and their many allies.
More than that, we need understanding — a thorough, detailed understanding — of what has happened to our society if we are to have any reasonable chance of building a sane and healthy society in its place someday, a society in which our children and grandchildren can live and
A debating class at Central High. This class contains many honors students and thus more Whites. Egalitarians don’t like this, so Blacks who are not honors students are also thrown in.
learn and grow strong again, free of the destructive influences which have afflicted this society so grievously. And a sound educational system will be a very important part of that new society. We must know in detail what is wrong with the present educational system if we are to be able to build a better one someday.
And listen: if you'd like to participate with me in learning what we must do to build a better society and
in helping other people understand these things too, I'd like to hear from you.
Tliis article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Wrecking of Our Schools,” aired on November 1, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech!
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe.
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech.
Name:
Address:
Your subscription heips to keep American Dissident Voices
on the air.
Mail To:
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
NATIONAL VANGUARD BOOKS CATALOG SUPPLEMENT No.17-A
	Chdnges to Catalog #17	
207.	Unconventional Warfare	Price is $9.95
437.	Scandinavian Folk & Fairy Tales	No longer available, do not order.
441.	Political Theology	No longer available, do not order.
478.	Zionist Factor	No longer available, do not order.
663.	Sacred Chain	This is a soft-cover book
672.	Other Side of Deception	No longer available, do not order.
Damaged or Sale Items
(very limited supply of fully-readable books)
Y902. Turner Diaries, 2nd Edition, 1st Printing [Damaged] Macdonald—This is the same edition we are currently selling but has the original 2nd edition cover. Books have print that is too bold on parts of a few pages but are still fully readable. We had them so long the covers are shelf worn, soft cover 211 pp $3.95 132X. Germany’s Hitler [Damaged] Heinz-Limited damage to binding, small wrinkle in cover, or wrinkled page, otherwise nice books. See Catalog 17, page 27.	$2.95
Y901. Clansman [Damaged] Dixon—Famous novel about Reconstruction and the rise of the original KKK. We have a few copies that we acquired in a package deal with other books. Has introduction by one of the current KKK leaders. Shelf-worn covers. Not in main catalog. 374 pp soft cover	$2.95
553X. Eye for An Eye [Hard Cover] Sack— We couldn’t put this in Catalog 17, because we only had 2 copies left. 252 pages hard cover
$9.95
197X. The New Crowd: Changing of the Jewish Guard on Wall Street Ehrlich and Rehfeld—After WW II a new crowd of Jews took over from the old crowd of Jews on Wall Street. We still have 3 copies left. Not in catalog. 444 pp hard cover	$9.95
273X. Controversy of Zion Reed—Exposes Jews from Biblical times through the present era, covering Judaism, Jewish values, Zionism, Marxism, international finance, wars, & the degeneration of nations. Slightly damaged, fully readable. Not in catalog. 587 pp soft $4.95
NOTICE: Very limited quantities. Usual shipping and handling charges apply.
J.J. GOLDBERG
EWISH
Inside the
American Jewish Establishment
815. JEWISH POWER: INSIDE THE AMERICAN JEWISH ESTABLISHMENT
The author, J. J. Goldberg, a Jewish “insider,” first asserts that American Jews do not have as much power as Gentiles think they do. Then he unintentionally goes on to prove the opposite. This 2.5% of the population can erase a 44 point lead in a U S. Senate race in the last six weeks; they can change 31 votes on a key issue in the U.S. Senate; they can destroy a U.S. presidency; and they can change the government of Israel. Their major organizations have budgets in the $1 billion range, and up to 50% of U.S. Jews contribute to these Jewish organizations. One Jewish organization has over 900 donors who contribute $100,000 or more per year.
Goldberg boasts that half of the tens ol thousands of civil rights activists invading the South in the 1960s were Jews and that the Jews furnished 300 lawyers for that effort. The Jews still have the power to control most of the Black civil rights leaders, to force Black radio stations to lower their rhetoric, and to emasculate and humble Black leaders like Jesse Jackson. However, the Jews’ big and growing weakness is the burgeoning influl ence of anti-Semitic Blacks. Goldberg del votes a chapter to this trend, which appears! irreversible.
At least 50% of the money going to the Democratic Party can be traced to Jews, and they furnish 20% of the Republicans’ money. Jewish Power has scarcely a page that doesn’t gloat over some form of Jewish coercion. One chapter is titled “How the Jews Won the tCold War,’’ and the next is subtitled “Jerusalem on the Potomac.” Abe Foxman of the ADL gloats that he has power and access, "not because I’m a lord, not because I’m a millionaire, but because I am Abe Foxman, a Jewish official.” Only in America, crows the author, could two Jews fight over a U.S. Senate scat in Minnesota, whose 4.4 million people include only 30 thousand Jews, and where the key issue is who is the best supporter of Jew ish causes.
One of the most significant Jewish developments of the past generation has been the rise of the neo-conservative movement. Goldberg shows that the neocons originated exclusively from and are dominated by a clique of ex-Marxist, New York Jews. Goldberg points out that the two most prolew ish and pro-Israel presidents were Nixon ind Reagan, both Republicans and both hated jy the Jew s.
Jewish Power is full of specifics: names, iates, places, percentages, and dollar unounts. Unwittingly, Goldberg demon-itrates that most of the things you’re heard ibout Jewish power in elections, legislation, oreign affairs, the media, the civil rights novement, the antiwar movement, and left-ring causes are true. Inadvertently, he also hows that the Jews’ increasing arrogance and waggering may become their downfall.
58 pp soft cover	$14.95
Page 2
National Vanguard Books
822. OPEN SECRETS: ISRAELI NUCLEAR AND FOREIGN POLICIES Shahak—The Jews openly discuss much of the hidden truth about themselves, Zionism, and Israeli foreign policy in theHebrew-lan-guage newspapers in Israel. Few Gentiles can read Hebrew, and no English-language newspapers could honestly discuss these matters without being labeled “anti-Semitic.” That which is kept secret from Gentiles is open to Hebrew readers. Israel Shahak, a retired Jewish professor and a critic of Zionism and Israeli human rights violations, translates and analyzes these open secrets.
This book includes fourteen essays by Shahak in which he exposes Israel’s real aim Its aim is not security but military and trade domination of the entire Middle East. He documents and accuses the Israelis of establishing apartheid and engaging in ethnic cleansing by herding the Palestinians into iso-ated ghettos and destroying their livelihoods. However, Israel’s number one enemy, he lays, is Iran, and Israel will resort to any po-itical or military strategy to destroy it. Iran's iindamentalism, its proven staying power in var, and its ability to develop nuclear weap-ins make it Israel 's long-term rival in the rc-;ion.
Shahak uncovers why Israel secretly /ants Saddam kept in power and the Kurds ept down; that 50% of US Jews are orga-
nizcd by the Israel lobby; why U.S. Jews sabotaged Admiral Bobby Inman's chance to be appointed secretary' of defense by Clinton; that Israel is a major dealer in illegal drugs; that Israel has latent hostility toward its present allies; and much more. This is a must book for anyone wanting to understand Israeli actions or learn of the extreme hypocrisy, money orientation, and internal corruption that mark “The Jewish State.”
202 pp soft cover
$18.95
lows these dark-skinned aliens from the tenth century, when they left India, to their arrival in Europe in the fourteenth century, to the current day. In many Eastern European countries local villagers are virtually at war with the Gypsies, who were both protected and controlled by the previous, communist governments. Under democratic capitalism the Gypsies have been liberated. Even when they have lived in one nation for years, they have no loyalty to it, but are loyal only to their families and other Gypsies. Fonseca weaves the history of the Gypsies with her incriminating, highly interesting observations and anecdotes on Gypsies from having lived with them in several countries of Eastern Europe. 323 pp soft cover	$12.95
821. BURY ME STANDING: THE GYPSIES AND THEIR JOURNEY Fonseca-Fascinating book on one of the “persecuted” minorities. The American author, who has both Jewish and Gypsy blood, attempts to paint a positive picture of the Gypsies but instead shows the generalizations about them to be true. They live by lying, cheating, and swindling non-Gypsies, whom they call Gadje\ by importing; by selling used cars; and by welfare. Rarely do they perform physical labor, which they abhor. Up to 50% of the men are in prison. Women marry at 12 or 13 and thereafter are condemned to long days of domestic work and producing as many babies as possible while the men do virtually nothing. They do carry large wads of money or gold, have disgusting personal habits, and are extremely superstitious. The author fol-
820 WHY RACE MATTERS: RACE DIFFERENCES AND WHAT THEY MEAN Levin—Jewish race expert takes the Blacks to task in an interesting and well-documented, though somewhat technical, attack. Covers many issues, including IQ (native Africans score a dismal 60-70), inherited Black temperament, values, racism, Afrocentrism, tolerance, egalitarianism, and affirmative action. The chapter on Black crime is devastating. Probably no Gentile could have gotten this unremitting, encyclopedic expose of Blacks published. Filled with interesting facts and anecdotes. 427 pp hardcover $65.00
National Vanguard Books
Page 3
814 CELTIC MYTHS AND LEGENDS Squire—Fascinating and informative book both telling and discussing the many stories of the Celtic gods of the Irish and British. Tells of the wars between the gods, which may be memories of the original Celtic invasion, and of the wars between the armies of gods and men. The few surviving gods each chose a hill and moved underground. Arthur, Merlin, and their allies and enemies were probably gods, recast as mortals by the early Christians.
464 pp hard cover
$9.95
146. JEWS AND MODERN CAPITALISM Sombart—Back again after being out of print. Interesting look at Jewish economic activity and the rise of capitalism. Author credits the Jews for the rapid rise of capitalism, with which they always have been closely associated, but he also points out unhealthy ways in which they have turned it to their advantage. The Jews’ traits and the influence of their religion also are discussed. 547 pp soft cover	$24.95
New Book!
812. A HISTORY OF THE THEATRE IN EUROPE Allen—Covers 2500 years of the theatre in Europe, from 5th Century BC to the 1980s, in 108 short chapters. Allen shows that theatre is a reflection of the people and spirit of the times. For example, mythic tragedy appears in the Greek plays and in Wagner, while at other times theatre focuses on “naturalism,” class struggle, and economic themes. 314pp hardcover	$14.95
Page 4
National Vanguard Books
825 ANTHROPOLOGICAL HISTORY OF EUROPE Bed-doe—Reprint of the 1912 edition. Remains one of the most valuable works on anthropology ever published. Covers the Aryan question, the opinions of noted anthropologists concerning permanent European types, and the distribution of those types across the continent. Beddoe also comments frankly on that most predatory of peoples—the Jews. 190 pp soft cover $10.95
824. HOW GOOD IS YOUR COUNTRY Cattell—A technical study by the man who has been one of the dominant thinkers on intelligence and eugenics for over 65 years. Using statistical factor analysis, Raymond Cattell exposes the factors which have made some countries great and left others behind. Some of these are high intelligence and work ethic combined with low sexual freedom and license. The Jews continue to attack Cattell’s blunt comments on IQ, immigration, eugenics, etc. 120 pp soft cover	$9.95
4 New Books by
Wagner’s music speaks for itself, but he was also a prolific and talented writer, contributing many articles to the journals of his day. The four books that follow each contain a number of his works. Most of his writings center around art.
Wagner’s genius was his ability to mobilize the Aryan spirit though a fusion of music, drama, and movement. His early operas, those before 1850—including The Flying Dutchman, Tannhauser, and Lohengrin— were initially not successful. After participating in the unsuccessful revolution of 1848, he fled to Paris. After a 10-year exile, he produced his masterpieces: Tristan and Isolde (1865), Ring of the Niebelungs (1876), and Parsifal (1882).
His almost mystic relationship with the Nordic peoples, their land, and their folk wisdom and myths permeates most of his writings. Wagner was the essential Aryan, an unabashed German patriot, loyal to the German folk.
His 1850 article “Judaism in Music” caused the German press, which was largely controlled by the Jews, to rain abuse on him. Wagner lived in a period when German Jews had just been “emancipated,” and large numbers of Eastern Jews were swarming into
Richard Wagner
German cities. He respected the Jews for their successes but loathed both their means and their ends. He found them distasteful to look at and distasteful to talk to.
JUDAISM IN MUSIC AND OTHER ESSAYS
by Richard Wagner
817.	Much of this volume is taken up by essays on art topics: the importance of establishing an institute for Goethe, theatre in various cities, instructions on how to perform Tannhauser and The Flying Dutchman, articles on Beethoven and Liszt, an epilogue to Ring of the Nibelungs, and much more.
The most important article in this volume is the 48-page “Judaism in Music” and its introduction and an appendix written years later by Wagner. Written in 1850 only a few decades after the emancipation of the Jews, it reflects the revulsion that Aryans like Wagner felt for the damage the Jews already were doing to German culture. He gives them no quarter and minces no words. To him they are totally alien, and their culture smothers the German spirit. Wagner says the natural repugnance one feels in looking at the Jews
National Vanguard Books Page 5
ncr was a mentor to younger intellectuals, like dc Gobineau and Nietzsche, and some of his ideas foreshadowed Schopenhauer, including his discussion of voluntary or rational will versus involuntary will. This book includes an autobiographic sketch of this steadfast German patriot, whose part in an unsuccessful revolt forced him into temporary exile.
In “ Art and the Revolution ” Wagner calls for a new political order, attacks individualism, and expresses his belief in the folk and the wisdom of the German spirit. He discusses the contradictions between Christianity and the natural thirst of the Germanic nations for bold adventure and unbounded self-reliance. Art work reflecting the German spirit cannot be restored but must be born anew from revolution.
or listening to them speak is an indication of their destructiveness.
As long as money is the center of power, the Jew will rule, and Wagner wondered if the Germans would ever be free of them. Germans need emancipation from the Jews, whom the Germans had just emancipated, he says. The Jews have never had an art of their own. They are just parrots or mimics with no true passion and no true calm - outlandish, odd, indifferent, cold, and unnatural.
In the appendix he relates the Jews’ reaction to his ‘“Judaism in Music.” In the press, which the Jews and liberals in Germany already dominated, they blasted him with name-calling, claiming that he was mad, a criminal, and a Jew-hater. Rather than attacking “Judaism in Music” directly and risking a debate, they made sure his operas got bad reviews and relentlessly attacked him and his friends on other issues. Well worth reading. 444 pages soft cover	$14.95
THE ART WORK OF THE FUTURE AND OTHER WORKS by Richard Wagner 816. This volume contains the core of Wagner’s philosophy and will be of interest to more of our readers than the other volumes, except, perhaps, “Judaism in Music.” Wag-
Page 6
National Vanguard Books
“Art Work of the Future ” continues the discussion Wagner started in “Art and the Revolution.” The folk and its collective need and Nature are praised, while luxury, fashion, money, and habit are attacked. Wagner insists that invention comes from folk wisdom and not from wise men.
“Wieland the Smith” is the highly interesting, chapter-length sketch of a Viking myth that Wagner was developing into an apera. It is complete with beautiful shield
maidens (flying warrior daughters of a god, something like Valkyries), war between rival Viking kingdoms, and a wicked, beautiful Viking princess who wants Wieland for her own.
In other essays he discusses the effects of different climates on the development of man and provides a long narrative titled “A Communication to My Friends” on how his mind developed as he developed his works.
One can see from this volume that Wagner was much more than the greatest composer of dramatic music. He was one of the key links between the Germans’ folkish and mythic past and its rebirth in National Socialism. 442 pp soft cover $14.95
RELIGION AND ART
by Richard Wagner
818.	In his introduction the translator provides a spirited defense of Wagner’s views on Christianity and says that Nietzsche was flat wrong when he said that Wagner "fell suddenly, helpless and broken, before the cross.” He sums up Wagner's religious ideas as “there is a soul in all that lives.”
This volume contains Wagner's views on religion and how it relates to the arts. It includes several highly quotable, critical evaluations of the Jew and his influence on the press and art. Wagner felt the Jews, through their control of the press, might have already won. 418 pp soft cover	$14.95
PILGRIMAGE TO BEETHOVEN AND OTHER ESSAYS by Richard Wagner
819.	Among the selections in this volume is the 107-pagc "Pilgrimage to Beethoven'' fictional work in which a German meets an En-glishman and both journey to meet Beethoven. Some of Wagner's musical and personal philosophy arc contained here, as is his famous phrase, "I believe in God, Mozart, and Beethoven."
"The Wibclungcn" is an interesting discussion of several German myths and their relation to history. Wagner believed that ancient religion, saga, and the spirit of the folk were more important and more concrete than history in providing understanding of the folk.
823 CONQUEST OF A CONTENT: THE EXPANSION OF RACES IN AMERICA Grant— Reprint of Madison Grant's magnificent 1933 racial history of North America with the theme that the character of a country depends on the racial characteristics of it inhabitants. Describes the origins and racial characteristics of the various European peoples, especially the Nordics. Traces the timing and effects of the arrival of the English, Ulster Scots, Germans, Higliland Scots, and later immigrants to North America and their migrations westward. Author is a hardcore Nordicist who attacks the "Myth of the Melting Pot" and miscegenation. Also discusses the racial makeup and history of the Central and South American countries. 406 pp hard cover $35.95
National Vanguard Books
Page 7
“The Nibelungen-Myth: A Sketch for Drama” is Wagner’s highly fascinating early retelling of an ancient myth, which— in a radically altered version— became the Gotterdammerung.
418 pp soft cover
$14.95
813 MEMOIRS: TEN YEARS AND I TWENTY DAYS Docnitz—Grand Admiral Karl Docnitz (1891-1980) has been condemned as a Nazi and praised as one of the most brilliant and honorable military leaders of the war. Unfairly sentenced to ten years at | the Nuremberg Trials, Docnitz published his ! Memoirs in 1958. He was strongly criticized for the sinking of the British liner Laconia in the west Atlantic. He ordered the survivors picked up, but U S. bombers drove off the U-boat rescuers.
In a clear, firm style he discusses the U-boat fleet and planning and execution of the U-boat campaign. Particularly interesting is his description of U S. “neutrality” before America’s entry into the war. Neutrality consisted of massive shipments of war material and supplies to one side and a massive naval war against the other in the western Atlantic.
His “wolf-pack” tactics resulted in a handful of U-boats nearly deciding the outcome of the war. The Allies sank 753 U-boats
weighing a total of400,000 tons. The U-boatJ sank 2,759 Allied merchant ships weighting 14,100,000 tons. In addition, they sank 14\ warships, including six aircraft carriers, twe battleships, six cruisers, and 52 destroyers Despite the horrific losses, Doenitz’s personal leadership built an esprit de corps and loyalty among the U-boat crews that have become legendary.
Doenitz had nothing but scorn for those w ho attempted to murder Hitler. Weakening Germany in time of war could only hurt Germans, as did the 1918 naval mutinies. He says the German people were solidly behind Hitler, and a successful assassination would have led to civil war.
He met only rarely with Hitler because he had Hitler’s complete trust. German officers from the old school avoided any direct involvement in politics; Doenitz never formally joined the Nazi party. Yet in the end Hitler made Doenitz his successor.
Docnitz ends his book with a call to rebuild German patriotism, to tell the Germans the unbiased truth, and to avoid the lies of the occupying Allies’ “reeducation” processes. His last sentence is, “Unselfishness and loyalty are essential for the regeneration, the reunification, and the resurgence of our people.” 549 pp soft cover	$16.95
ORDERING: List quantity, item number, title, and price. Please print clearly or type.
West Virginia residents add 6% sales tax.
MAILING & HANDLING COSTS:
Inside U.S.A.—$3.00 for first book, then $0.50 per book.
Outside U.S.A.—$3.00 for first book, then $1.00 per book.
FOREIGN ORDERS are payable in U S. currency, by check on a U.S. bank, by an international dollar money order, or in foreign currency at 125% of the current exchange rate. No foreign checks are acceptable. Because some countries occasionally seize shipments of Politically Incorrect books, we cannot be responsible for shipments to non-U.S.A. addresses.
NATIONAL VANGUARD BOOKS POB 330-HILLSBORO-WV 24946