FREE SPEECH • DECEMBER 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. XII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America's only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Tribes
Dr. William:
p
TT	Ti 1“** • i m	*	Jig
How It Fits Together
Dr. William Fierce
iHii
H
Aesop’s Fables and the Rules
Dr. William Pierce
Wnatiwe Owe Sana Dash
Lite	MUism Pierce 5
Today let's talk again about an all-too-familiar subject: the murder of our people by the racial enemies we have taken into our midst. I don't really like to spend time talking about individual murders when matters so much more important and so much more tragic need our attention. But when I have talked about this subject in the past — when I told you in August about the gang-initiation murder of two young White women by the Black and mestizo Crips gang in Fayetteville, North Carolina, for example — the enormous response I received showed me that most Americans weren't aware of what is happening in this country.
They were shocked by what I told them. Or at least, they were shocked by the fact that they had to hear about these murders from me instead of from Tom Brokaw
Unlike the death of Matthew Shepard, the “anti-hate” crowd didn’t get a chance to hold a protest march when homosexual Gary Trzaska was murdered. Why?, because Trzaska was killed by a group of Blacks. According to the media, crimes aren’t “hate crimes” unless Whites (preferably heterosexual, White, male racists) are the perpetrators.
or Dan Rather or Peter Jennings. They were shocked that the news of these horrendous crimes against our people was suppressed by the national media. And I was shocked that my listeners were shocked. I had thought that everyone knew about this suppression of the news which doesn't fit. But apparendy they didn't, and I suspect that many still don't.
So: two months ago, on October 2, Gary Trzaska, a 41-year-old apartment building owner, was jumped on by three Black teenagers as he walked along the sidewalk in front of one of his buildings in Buffalo, New York. Laughing and gesticulating like a troop of baboons, the three young Blacks knocked Trzaska down and then took turns kicking him as hard as they could. Several bystanders witnessed the attack but were afraid to come to Trza-
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
ska's aid. You know how the media would have dealt with that: “White adults assault Black children on Buffalo sidewalk. Janet Reno sends in FBI. Hate crime charges to be filed against White adults. Bill Clinton denounces White racism in special television appearance.” Well, the bystanders didn't want to take a chance with that sort of thing. So they played it safe and just watched while the Black teenagers enjoyed themselves enormously as they kicked Gary Trzaska to death, and then ran off down the street, hooting and yelling.
A neighbor, George Boos, told the Buffalo News, “I've never seen someone so beat up in all my life. The doctor told me his insides were split open.” Members of Trzaska's family told the Buffalo News that they couldn't understand why he was beaten so viciously, and they couldn't understand the motive for the killing, since $200 in cash in Trzaska's pockets was not taken by the young Blacks.
Well, the Buffalo News did report all of this. The story is in the paper's October 4 edition. Good for them! The problem is that papers outside Buffalo didn't report it. The national media didn't report it. People outside the Buffalo area weren't allowed to hear about it. It is news that just doesn't fit. You see, if a Black convict is dragged behind a truck in Texas by three White convicts, that is news that fits. It's big news. It's news that can be used to make Whites everywhere feel guilty about White racism.
Oh, incidentally, Trzaska was a homosexual. I imagine that because of that the media bosses really hated to have to pass up this story. It could
Tiffany Long
have supplemented so nicely their story about the killing of the homosexual Matthew Shepard in Laramie, Wyoming, at just about the same time and could have been used to prove once again to everybody how beasdy people are who don't like homosexuals. But it just didn't fit — the murderers were Black teenagers — so the story was killed.
On October 16 three different Black teenagers, in Burlington, North Carolina — 13-year-old Joseph Jones, 16-year-old Harold Jones, and a 17-year-old Black girl, Dorthia Bynum — grabbed a 10-year-old White girl, Tiffany Nicole Long, from the sidewalk just a few doors from her home, dragged her behind a garage, and beat her and sexually tortured her until she was dead. One of the young Blacks twisted a piece of television cable around Tiffany's neck to stifle her screams while the other Blacks were torturing her. Police used blood-
Joseph Jones
hounds to find Tiffany's mutilated corpse in a pool of blood behind the garage at 4:30 the next morning. Burlington police who viewed the little girl's body said the murder was the most vicious crime they had ever seen.
When the three Black teenagers who killed Tiffany were brought into court, dozens of the teenagers' relatives and the local NAACP showed up to protest. It's a racist county, the NAACP chairman protested, and the young Blacks wouldn't get a fair trial. The three Black teenagers are retarded, the relatives protested, and shouldn't be held accountable. The police were brutal to them in questioning them about the murder. They're just children, the Black relatives said, and they should be allowed to go home to their parents. With all that fuss one would think that Mike Wallace or Time or Newsweek magazine would have taken notice. One would think that the whole country would have heard about it, like they did about that Black convict in Texas who was dragged behind a truck. Did you hear about Tiffany's murder? Even one word?
Now, of course, many people around Burlington, North Carolina, did hear about it. Even people as far away as Greensboro and Raleigh read about it in their newspapers. Of course, they were told repeatedly by the local media that what happened to Tiffany was not a “hate crime.” There was nothing racial about Tiffany's murder. I mean, how could there be? There were no White racists involved. The last thing the media wanted to do was get all of those North Carolina crackers stirred up. Anyway, news of Tiffany's murder,
Harold Jones
24946 • $40/ycar
just like news of the murder of Gary Trzaska, just didn't fit. And of course, there are a lot of other things you haven't heard about in the last couple of months, because they don't fit. But as I said at the beginning of this broadcast, I really don't like to waste time talking about all of these crime details, because I'm afraid we'll end up studying the trees and failing to see the forest.
And I'm a lot more concerned about the forest than I am about the trees. That doesn't mean I'm not sickened when I read about the sort of thing which happened to little Tiffany Long, but the fact is that we are engaged in a war in which hundreds of millions of our people will die, and it's that war on which we need to focus our attention.
You know, the problem is not that Blacks do the sorts of things they did in Fayetteville or in Buffalo or in Burlington. That's the way Blacks are. Rape and murder are their thing. Most of the violent crimes in America are committed by non-Whites. We can't change their nature. We took them out of the African jungle and brought them into our midst, and we'll have to suffer the consequences of that terrible mistake until we remove them from our midst, one way or another.
Unfortunately, there is no peaceful way remaining for us to do that. All that remains to us now is violence and bloodshed and much, much suffering. There will be many more Crips gang-initiation murders, manyv more White people being kicked and' stomped to death on the sidewalks of our cities, many more little White girls being dragged behind garages and sexually tortured to death by Black animals for whom such behavior is natural and normal. As I said, we're in a war, and there's no peaceful way out It's simply win or lose.
One hundred thirty years ago, right after the Civil War, we could have ended this problem peacefully. We could have sent them all back to Africa. But we put it off, and now we've lost the opportunity for any peaceful resolution. In fact, we've lost the opportunity for a peaceful resolution to a lot of other problems. We let things slide to the point that we no
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
longer can vote our way out. The two-thirds of the population which approves of Bill Clinton and thinks that he shouldn't be impeached just for lying about a few cigar tricks he did in the White House has got the decent, hardheaded people outnumbered now. The feminists and the queers and the welfare rabble and the non-Whites, together with the part of the White population which will vote for anybody who promises them more ball games on TV, can outvote the rest of us. And that's exacdy what they'll do, shepherded by the Jewish media bosses. They'll destroy what's left of our civilization. They'll take us straight to hell, because all they care about is hanging onto the perks they're getting from the system. That's really all they care about.
I don't want to sound simple-minded about this. I understand that the next President of the United States may be a Republican instead of a Democrat. But he will be a man who will be elected only if he caters to the same coalition of system dependents, the same bread-and-circuses crowd — feminists, homosexuals, recipients of monthly checks from the government, and non-Whites — whose approval of Bill Clinton is cur-rendy scaring the Republicans in the Congress away from prosecuting him. And of course, whoever is elected must cater above all else to the Jews. This fundamental political situation becomes worse every year, as the country becomes less White through immigration and differential breeding rates and as the continued decay, the continued destruction, of traditional social institutions and structures yields more and more feminists, homosexuals, and confused, aimless people looking to the government for support.
Of course, if the media reported what's going on: if the White couch potatoes and fashion-conscious yuppies and trendy, liberal airheads had their noses rubbed in what's really happening in America, if the Jewish media began reporting things like the Black gang murders of White women in Fayetteville and the stomping of Gary Trzaska in Buffalo and the torture-murder of Tiffany Long — if they began giving the same sort of cover-
3
age to all of these atrocities committed by non-Whites against Whites that they gave to the killing of a Black convict in Texas last summer and the killing of a homosexual in Laramie this fall, then enough White voters might get their act together to outvote the Clinton coalition. They might get some race-conscious politicians in office who could begin reversing some trends. They could begin by sealing the borders and launching a mass roundup and deportation of aliens. Then they could cut off the vote to everyone who's getting any kind of check from the government That would be a good start.
But of course, the Jews who control the media understand all of that, which is why they will continue suppressing the news that doesn't fit. The last thing in the world they want is for the White couch potatoes and sports fans to wake up and pay attention to what's happening. The last thing they want is for the present demographic trends to be reversed. They have the White, heterosexual male on the run, and they intend to keep him running. They intend to run him right into the ground. Then there won't even be any potential opposition to their rule; there will be nobody at all to challenge them.
You know, whenever I say something like that I get a storm of protest from people who tell me that I am wrong to attribute such a scheme to the Jews. They will tell me, “Sure, there are some pretty nasty and destructive Jews running the Disney Company and the New York Times, but they are only a small minority of Jews. There are six million Jews in the United States, more than two per cent of the population, and most of them have no connection to the mass media. I know a nice Jewish dentist,” these protesters will tell me. “He does good work on my teeth and doesn't charge too much. You can't condemn all Jews just because a few of them are bad.”
Well, of course, my real aim is not to condemn all Jews. My real aim is to secure the future for my people, to overcome the dangers that threaten that future. And you know, I cannot do that unless I address the problem of the Jews as a whole. I'll give you an
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
example. Imagine that you are living in a nice, peaceful, clean, safe, White neighborhood somewhere in America where the diversity mongers haven't had a chance to do their wrecking job yet It's a neighborhood where your wife can walk down the street to visit a neighbor, even after dark, without having to worry about being grabbed by a carload of Crips who need a White victim for an initiation killing, a neighborhood where your children can play outside without your having to worry that they'll end up like Tif fany Long, in a pool of blood behind some garage.
Then the house next door to yours is sold to a Gypsy family, say, and they move in: all 27 of them. Of course, the local Christian minister organizes a welcome party for the Gypsies, just to show that there's no bigotry, no racism, in your neighborhood, and all the airheads and trendy do-gooders in the neighborhood go to the party. You go too, just to find out what you're in for, and you meet all the Gypsies at the party.
And you discover that on the whole they're not an unfriendly bunch. Of course, the men all carry knives, and about two-thirds of them have criminal records, but two of them actually have steady jobs selling used cars. Their kids are dirtier and noisier than yours, but they don't seem really dangerous. One of the older Gypsies is a quiet, dignified sort, and you strike up a conversation with him. He has a good sense of humor, seems to be intelli-l gent and civilized, and you think that perhaps he won't be such a bad neighbor after all.
Within a few days, however, reality begins setting in. Your kids' bicycles disappear from your yard and are never seen again. Someone breaks into your garage, steals all of your tools, siphons the gas from your car, and takes the battery.
Trash from the Gypsies' yard blows over into your yard. The noise, especially late at night, is a real problem. You spot the older Gypsy you had spoken with
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
at the church party on his front porch and decide to mention some of these things to him. He sympathizes with you, asks you to describe the tools that were stolen from your garage, and tells you that he will see what he can do.
And sure enough, the next evening when you come home from work he knocks on your door and hands you your set of socket wrenches which had disappeared from your garage. He tells you that he found them in his basement and suspects one of his nephews stole them from you, although he isn't sure. Of your electric drill and your other tools he found no trace, however. And for the next three nights there are no loud parties next door, and you are able to get some sleep. Your children have even made friends with two of the Gypsy children, and one of their little girls seems really nice. Of course, your children have to be treated for head lice regularly as a result of playing with their new friends.
A few problems with your neighbors remain, however. A couple of the young Gypsy women are “in business,” with customers coming and going at all hours, and one of the Gypsy men stands out on the sidewalk every night until quite late, selling drugs to people who pull up to the curb. These activities bring some pretty unsavory people cruising through your neighborhood, and one night your wife is knocked to the ground and her purse is snatched as
she is walking back from a fbien(i. home in the next block. And then th loud parties start again.
You speak again with the older Gypsy, and again he sympathizes with you, but not quite as much as before You tell him that he should kick out of his house the two prostitutes and the drug dealer, so that the neighbor-hood can live in peace with the rest of his clan. Well, no, he can't do that, he tells you. The two prostitutes are the daughters of his favorite son, and the drug dealer is his favorite nephew. Besides, they all need the revenue the activities of these three bring in. Their government welfare checks aren't enough to cover ail of their expenses. He is really sorry about the situation, and he wishes he could do something for you, but....
And what you finally understand is that your Gypsy problem cannot be solved by thinking about your Gypsy neighbors as individuals. As individuals some of them are not really bad people. But as a whole they have ruined your neighborhood, taken away your happiness and peace of mind, put your family in jeopardy, and cut the value of your property in half. If you want to solve this problem, it has to be solved as a whole. You begin to wish that you had listened to one of your neighbors who had suggested to you as soon as the Gypsies bought the house next to you that you should bum it down before the Gypsies moved in.
Now, the analogy is not perfect, but it's good enough. Our problem is not just a few bad Jews who own the New York Times and make propaganda films, while most Jews are good citizens who must not be lumped together with the bad ones. Our problem is the Jews as a whole. In the first place, they have a lot tighter grip on the news and entertainment media than just the New York Times and the Disney Company. If you make a detailed study of the mass media, as I have, you'll find that the Jews effectively control or own
, q | q , ,n. Hillsboro - WV 24946 • $40/year © 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • twsoori
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
5
most of them: Hollywood films, newspapers, news magazines, television, the music industry. That's how they're able to suppress news of the Fayetteville murders and what happened to little Tiffany Long and to publicize the few White-on-Black crimes so heavily that they've got most voters believing that these White-on-Black crimes are typical of the criminal activity in America.
And as for the majority of the Jews, the ones who're not actually involved in the ownership or management of the mass media, you'll find more of them than you ever imagined possible infesting all of the lower reaches of the media, so that if you get
rid of the Jews at the top, more will simply pop up from below to take their places.
And you'll also find that on all questions pertaining to the welfare of Jews, they stick together as tighdy as any Gypsy clan. If you want to, you go to that nice Jewish dentist you know and start talking with him about why the United States should cut off its huge annual subsidy to Israel and start supporting the Palestinians instead — but after that you'd be well advised not to let him anywhere near your teeth.
One final thing to keep in mind: the media bosses who made the decision to keep the news of those Crips gang-initiation murders of the White
girls in Fayetteville quiet and also the news of the torture-murder of little Tiffany Long did these things for a reason. It's not just a whimsical thing; it's systematic. They're doing it for the Jewish tribe, not just for themselves. They're doing it because they understand that we're in a war, their tribe against our tribe, and they don't want us to understand that.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Tribes,” aired on December 5, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
How It Fits Together
We've talked about many subjects on these American Dissident Voices programs, but one theme which has appeared in nearly every program has been the role of the Jews, either in our history or in our lives today. To a certain extent that's been unavoidable, because of the influence they have over current events through their control of the mass media and because of their historical role in communism. But it's more than that.
What I've said, in one way or another on several programs, is that the Jewish role in our lives goes far beyond the fact that their control of the news and entertainment media gives them a big influence on popular culture and on the political process. Today I want to talk again about this Jewish role. I want to try to give you an overview of it first. There are about 14 million Jews in the world today, according to the Encyclopedia Britan-max Yearbook for 1997. Nearly half of those — about six million — are now in North America, where they make up just over two per cent of the population but wield far more influence than any other group.
The world's 14 million Jews think and act like one big family — even though, like most families, they do a lot of arguing and squabbling among themselves. They go to different synagogues — Orthodox and Conservative and Reform — or to no synagogue at
all. There are atheist Jews, and there are Jews who have converted to Christianity. There are capitalist Jews and communist Jews, homosexual Jews and heterosexual Jews. There are rich Jews and middle-class Jews and even a few poor Jews, but despite this apparent diversity they do a better job of cooperating with each other and looking out for their common interests than any other ethnic group in the world.
Why is this? Why are Jews more racially conscious than anyone else? Why are they so much more ready to collaborate with each other than members of other groups? Part of the reason is in their religion. It is an ethnocentric religion, a racist religion. Whereas Christianity and Islam, for example, are universalist religions, religions for anyone who chooses to believe in them, Judaism is not. Judaism is a religion only for the Chosen People, only for the circumcised sons of Abraham. Jews are defined in terms of their bloodline, not in terms of their faith, which is why non-religious Jews like Freud or Trotsky or even Marx, the father of atheistic communism, are considered just as much Jews as the most pious synagogue-goer, with sidelocks and yarmulke. The non-religious Jews don't believe the hocus-pocus in their Torah, or Old Testament, but they nevertheless are steeped in the folk-
lore and traditions of Judaism. They are as familiar as their religious cousins are with the claims that Jews are a Chosen People, destined to own all of the world's wealth and be waited on hand and foot by non-Jews. And they are familiar with the tales of persecution, from the time of the pharaohs until the time of Hider: with the tradition of being universally hated by all the other peoples of the world — which is why they believe they are justified in avenging themselves on non-Jews whenever they have the opportunity.
I'll not spend any time quoting Bible verses to you today, but if you doubt what I've just told you about the religious basis for Jewish ethno-centrism, just read the Old Testament: especially the five books of Moses and the book of Isaiah. Study them carefully. Even the bowdlerized King James translation is pretty clear. If you really want to rub your nose in this subject, do some browsing in the Talmud — or for a solid scientific treatment, read the books recendy written by a real expert on the subject, California State University psychology professor Dr. Kevin MacDonald. All three of his books are available from National Vanguard Books, the sponsor of this program. Those books are subtided Judaism as a Group Evolutionary Strategy, Toward an Evolutionary Theory of Anti-Semitism, and An
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
Cartoon from Washington Jewish Week Jews actively promote their own cultural and ethnic identity while attempting to destroy that of other peoples.
Evolutionary Analysis of Jewish Involvement in Twentieth-Century Intellectual and Political Movements. Pretty heavy reading, but very convincing, very thorough.
This tendency of the Jews to stick together, always to favor their fellow Jews over non-lews, and to work for the interests of their tribe instead of just for their individual interests is a fact: a very enviable fact. It is the primary reason for their extraordinary level of wealth and power through the ages.
You know, there are clubby little groups of White men who cooperate with each other to advance their interests. But those interests are personal and individual, not racial or even tribal. And virtually all of the really influential groups of this sort — the Council on Foreign Relations, for example, or groups of very rich and
Cowerful men, corporate bosses or ankers, are in fact heavily larded with Jews. They’re not racial groups at all, even if they don't have any Blacks or Chinamen in them. They're simply special-interest groups, whereas the 14 million Jews of the world form a huge, self-conscious racial-interest group. They really are unique in this regard.
1 wish that our people had the same degree of racial consciousness the Jews do. The Jews understand the power of togetherness. Most of our people don't. And this is largely the reason why we're in the mess we're in today. I'll come bade to this point in a few minutes.
The second thing for us to understand about the Jews is their very
unusual mode of existence, living nearly everywhere as a small minority among other peoples. If one looks at their history in the Biblical period, they were at most times a people on the move, living as strangers and aliens among other peoples, getting kicked out of one place after another, always on terms of enmity with the Gentile host population. Only for a little over 400 years, from approximately the time of King David until the Babylonian conquest, did they really have a national existence in the ordinary sense of the word, with geographical borders. When the Babylonians dispersed the Jews throughout the Middle Eastern and the Mediterranean world in the middle of the sixth century BC, the Jews adapted amazingly well to being a minority everywhere and a majority nowhere. Five hundred years later, in the first century BC, the Greek writer Strabo commented: “The Jews have penetrated every country, so that it is difficult to find any place in the world where their tribe has not entered and become dominant” Note those words: “There is no place where they have not become dominant.” The great geographer and historian Strabo was not the only scholar of the ancient world to make that observation about the Jews. The Jews became dominant by accumulating a substantial portion of the wealth of every country that they infiltrated. And they accumulated their wealth by collaborating with each other and preying on the host population. Their collaboration was based on their racial consciousness, on their conviction that they were a distinct and unique people, superior to the people among whom they lived and deserving of whatever they could take away from their hosts. The Jews in Rome did not think of themselves as Romans who happened to believe in Judaism, but as Jews who happened to live in Rome. And the same for every other country where they lived.
With the sort of attitude and behavior the Jews had they were bound to be hated by everyone — and they reciprocated. The Jews regarded the hatred they had for their hosts as
justified, just as they consider deceiving and exploiting their hosts^ be justified; but their hosts' hatred!} the Jews they regarded as Vo J and “persecution.” ^ Their history h chronicle of one “persecution” ak another, right down to modem time* During the Middle Ages they were kicked en masse out of every country in Europe, repeatedly. They pretend today that this supposed “persecu. tion” was the result of religious big. otry on the part of their hosts, but in fact it was simply self-defense on the part of their hosts, the same sort of reaction to their presence that the Egyptians and the Greeks and the Romans and everyone else in pre-Christian times had had. And it was this barrier of hatred between the Jews and the rest of the world which made it possible for them to maintain their identity and their sense of racial self-consciousness. If you want to study some of these details of Jewish history for yourself, there are many good books available. One I Have read and found valuable is A History of the Jews by Abram Sachar. Sachar was the president of Brandeis University, and of course, he looks at history very subjectively and from a very Jewish point of view. But his history is
Uiuai
revealing, and you can find it in large libraries.
Now, this peculiar mode °f e^s^' ence of the Jews I have described changed to a certain extent shortly after the Second World War, with the theft of Palestine and the establishment of the new state of Israel on Palestinian territory. Today one-third of the world's Jews live in Israel, but this is only made possible because the other two-thirds are continuing their existence as parasitic minorities among Gentile hosts. Without a constant supply of money extorted from Germany, the United States, and other countries, Israel could not continue to exist. Israel would have gone under half-a-dozen times in its warfare with its neighbors during the past 50 years if the United States had not provided massive military and dipl0m^
support. If all of the Jews in Arnerira and Europe sold their television n works and newspapers and frl^ ^
dios and moved to Israel, that flower blood from their hosts would be °*
cut
. Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/ytar
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
7
An illustration from a 15th-century manuscript In former times Jews had influence over the rulers of a country, but had little influence over the general population.
off, and Israel soon would cease to exist.
The third thing we must understand about the Jews is the way in which they maintain their status as the dominant minority among us today. In Strabo's day it was through their accumulated wealth. They were able to buy influence and special privileges for themselves. It remained that way pretty much for the next 1900 years. Throughout the Middle Ages they made themselves useful as sources of money to kings and popes and emperors. They would suck the wealth from the host population, and then give or lend some of it to the rulers in return for being allowed to keep their privileges. Although they usually were tolerated for their usefulness by the rulers, they were hated intensely by the general population. The Jews bought the tolerance of the rulers, but of course, they couldn't afford to buy the tolerance of the people.
And so until quite recendy the Jews maintained a separate existence among the host population, often living in ghettos, not mixing socially with their hosts, generally not engaging in the same occupations, and regarded with disdain if not revulsion by everyone. The great advantage for our people of this mode of existence was that the damage done by the Jews was mosdy economic, although they also caused political mischief when it suited their needs. But they had almost no cultural influence on our people. They didn't write books or plays, they didn't paint or compose music, they didn't clog up our universities, they didn't run for public office, and of course, they didn't have television studios or newspapers or advertising agencies. And so to a large extent they lived their lives, and we lived ours.
That began changing drastically approximately 200 years ago, with the advent of the mass media and mass democracy, and the change accelerated gready during this century. Jews understood immediately the potential that newspapers and other media gave them for extending their influence from the rulers to the whole population, and democracy made this extension of their influence relevant;
democracy provided the tool for transforming influence into power. I've described on other programs the way in which the Jews acquired control of our mass media and, through the media, control of the political process, and I won't repeat that story today. There's an up-to-date summary of Jewish media control in the National Vanguard Books catalog, which is available from the sponsor of this program.
But I do want to emphasize this very important point: the way in which the Jews maintain their position as the dominant minority in our society has changed. It used to be moneylending and bribes, and the pressure was exerted only at the top, on the political leaders of our society; today it's control of the mass media of news and entertainment, and the pressure is exerted at every level of society. Some people still talk darkly about international Jewish bankers — and of course, there are such animals today, just as there also are international bankers who are not Jews — but the control of the media is the key to Jewish power today, not control of
banking. The most important Jews today no longer are the Rothschilds and Warburgs and Hambros and Sassoons, but instead are the Eisners and Levins and Newhouses and Red-stones and Bronfmans and Sulzbergers: the Jewish media bosses.
So now let's look at the details of the Jewish application of influence through media control. Most people have a very limited range of real life experiences. Television and films and glossy magazine advertisements provide an enormous expansion of experience for the average person, by substituting artificial experiences for real experiences. On the television screen viewers experience artificial social relationships, artificial romances, artificial conflicts, artificial life. In advertisements they are given artificial ideals of beauty and fashion, artificial life-styles to which they can aspire. And in their newspapers and newsmagazines they are given a carefully filtered, a carefully slanted, view of what is happening in the world.
And unfortunately most people do not have sufficient powers of discrimination to distinguish the artifi-
• •
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
dal world of the media from the real world of everyday experience. The two worlds merge in their minds, and they can't tell them apart What peo-pie sec on the television screen is not just entertainment; it is a collection of artificial experiences which merges with their collection of real expert-cnees and gives diem a new and largely artificial basis for evaluating things and making dedsions. Cleverly designed advertisements don't just show potential customers what is available and give them the information they need to choose what they want; clever advertising actually creates new wants, new desires, that didn't exist before. The advertisements manipulate people's desires and motivations. In a similar way television entertainment manipulates viewers psychologically. It changes their values and attitudes. It strongly affects the way they sec things — including political issues and political candidates.
Well, I hardly have to tell you that the modem mass media give enormous power, unprecedented power, to whoever controls them — especially in a democracy. And really, no knowledgeable person who is honest will dispute my conclusion here. There arc many people, who are not knowledgeable, who believe that they can watch television without being
A PEOPLE THAT SHALL DWELL ALONE
Judaism as a Group Evolutionary Strategy
Kf*tai MacDonald
These three excellent books describing why
affected by it, who believe that they make up their minds independendy without relying on the artificial reality supplied by television, but most of these people are mistaken, and the experts will agree with me on this. The mass media do shape public opinion, and in a democracy they do control the political process.
So now the only question which remains is this: To what end do the Jews who control the media use their control? What is their aim? What do they want? Now, the Politically Correct answer is that all the Jewish media bosses want is what any other businessman wants. The media bosses are simply businessmen, and their aim is simply to run their businesses at a profit
Well, I'm sorry, but that simply isn t true. It simply is not a coincidence that everywhere you look in the mass media you see Jews in control. It s not a coincidence that a group making up only a little over two per cent of the population has virtually complete control over the mass media. The unanimity of the mass media on virtually every major issue of our time simply is not a coincidence. It is simply not a coincidence that the media bosses all just happen to have adopted the policy of hushing up Black-on-White crime and publicizing as widely as possible any
White-on-Black crime. All things are planned and driiS They are the consequence S, scious collaboration. Onlyaf \ believe that it's all just coincide^ The Jewish media bosses l' what they want. It is control C0* just of the media, but of us: of thing. They want to own us ar^ the extent that they cannot own 10 destroy us. Unfortunately, I ^ play for you a secret recording of0Jl i of their summit meetings, where tL / discuss their goals and their strateg? a la the Protocols of the Elders o/Z^’
I can only offer you the historical record and common sense. The record, for those who have eyes to see and an open mind, is pretty cleat, beginning with the account in the book of Genesis of the takeover of Egypt by Joseph and his brothers so that they could all “eat the fat of the land,” on through the ages to the Marxist takeover of Russia early in this century and the attempted take-over in many other countries.
You know, the Germans didn't begin throwing the Jews out of Get* many in the 1930s because of Christian bigotry. It was because they wanted their country back. The Germans wanted to run their own universities and schools, their own newspapers and films, their own legal and medical professions.
's of Jewish •h-Century
mms®

8W9 are a distinct group and how they affect society are available from National VangUa
rd i______
SEPARATION AND ITS DISCONTENTS
Toward an Evolutionary Theory of Atui-Semitism
Kevin MacDonald


OF
CRITIQUE
?,lutlonary Anc involvement in Twet Intellectual and Polin
TTj, ****" ^Donald
© 1998	■	National Vanguard	Books	■	Box	330	•	Hillsboro	.	WV	24946	•	$40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
9
If you want to understand the historical record, you must study it. I can't go through all of that for you in a half-hour program. I can only point the way. And as for the common-sense aspect of understanding what the Jewish media bosses are up to, we just need to clear the cobwebs out of our heads and realize that every racially conscious group strives for mastery, for domination, not just the Jews. That's Nature's way. That's the way it is in every barnyard and every schoolyard.
And that is why the media propaganda takes the deliberate slant it does: trying to make us feel guilty, trying to kill our sense of racial consciousness while the Jews keep theirs, trying to persuade us to give up our arms, trying to silence all our dissident voices. Their aim is for us to be racially unconscious, for us to be ashamed of our nature and our traditions, for us to be afraid to organize for our common good, afraid of being thought racists. The deliberate aim of the Jewish media propaganda is to disarm us morally, to make us root-
less and defenseless, and then to destroy us. That is what is happening now.
Think about it, and you'll see how it all fits together.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “How It Fits Together,” aired on December 12, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Aesop's Fables & the Rules of Engagement
Last week I gave an interview to a news reporter from a television station in Charlotte, North Carolina. That's station WSOC, channel nine, Michael Eisner's ABC affiliate in Charlotte. The reporter and his cameraman drove up to my broadcast studio in West Virginia. My organization, the National Alliance, has been doing some recruiting in Charlotte, and someone had given a copy of one of our recruiting leaflets to the reporter at a Charlotte gun show. The reporter apparendy had checked with his superiors at his television station and been told that the National Alliance is a “hate group,” so he had come up to check us out and interview me.
The reporter was an enthusiastic young man of apparendy normal intelligence, although clearly a bit trendy, as virtually all media people are. While we were talking off-camera, he told me that he is a recent graduate of Auburn University in Alabama. During the interview we toured our book department, where we stock the books sold by the National Alliance. He noted that we advertise many children's books, and he asked me why.
I told him that decent children's books are becoming increasingly difficult for parents to find in bookstores or libraries, because the multicultural-ists have had a devastating effect on the publishing of children's books, insisting that every illustration in children's literature show a racially mixed group, that homosexuals be portrayed positively, that little girls be shown doing typically “boy” things and vice versa. In fact, I said, there has been a
An illustration and typical story from the version of Aesop’s Fables that National Vanguard Books sells:
The Wild Boar and the Fox Wild Boar was engaged in sharpening his tusks upon the trunk of a tree in the forest when a Fox came by and, seeing what he was at, said to him, “Why are you doing that, pray? The huntsmen are not out today, and there are no other dangers at hand that I can see.” “True, my friend, replied the Boar, “but the instant my life is in danger I shall need to use my tusks. There’ll be no time to sharpen them then.”
real effort afoot to keep traditional children's books away from children. The multiculturalists don't want White children to learn about their own history and traditions. They don't want White children to learn the values and attitudes that are inherent in the sorts of books that White children used to read in America
before the Second World War. So the National Alliance searches for good children's books which the multiculturalists haven't gotten to yet and makes them available to parents who want their children to learn these traditional values.
The reporter asked me for an example. I picked from our shelves a copy of a large, colorfully illustrated edition of Aesop's Fables which we sell and handed the book to him. The reporter flipped through the pages and asked me, “What's this all about?”
I was surprised by the question, but I answered, “You know, it's the collection of little stories, each with a moral, which have been attributed to the Greek writer Aesop, who lived about 600 BC, although some of his fables are much older than that.”
Well, he didn't know. He had never heard of Aesop or his fables, he told me. And I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised. There undoubtedly are hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of recent White university graduates in America who have gone through school during the multicultural era and have learned everything they needed to know in order to graduate just by watching MTV regularly. Their trendy parents, who also had a multicultural education, saw no need to introduce them to Aesop or to the Brothers Grimm or to any of those other “hateful” people who wrote children's stories without Black or “gay” heroes and who always portrayed little boys doing “boy” things and little girls doing “girl” things.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
Charles Schumer at his victory celebration
When I was a kid one of the spe-cial charms that Aesop's Fables held for me was the knowledge that Alex-ander the Great, for example, had read exactly these same stories when he was a child, more than 2,300 years ago. When I read the fable about the dog in die manger or the one about the shepherd boy who cried, “wolf,” and thought about the lessons these fables taught, it thrilled me to think that every great man in our history, for thousands of years, had read these same stories when he was a child and had learned the same lessons.
Hey! But not any longer. These fables arc what the multiculturalists call “Eurocentric,” not to mention “sexist” and “homophobic.” So are die morals die fables teach. And so today they are all “no, nos” for White children — which is why we have a White population in America which is increasingly roodess, cosmopolitan, alienated, and atomized — a White population which is unable to defend its heritage or to oppose those whose aim is to destroy that heritage, because they have no knowledge of their heritage, and who believe that anyone who values that heritage must be a "hater,” a "racist” The professors at Auburn University must be really proud of themselves — and the professors at nearly every other university in America too. They all are educating citizens for the New World Order — roodess wonders all — and certainly the last things these New World Order citizens need to know are the little lessons Aesop was teaching to Greek children 2,600 years ago.
Now do you understand why Bill Clinton is the way he is — and why a majority of American voters still think he's an OK guy?
Speaking of politicians and voters, I got a big laugh out of what happened to New York's Republican Senator Alphonse D'Amato a few days ago. The poor guy had been counting on holding onto his job as chairman of the Senate Banking Committee by serving as an errand boy for his substantially Jewish constituency. Whatever the Jews wanted, Senator D'Amato fell all over himself in his eagerness to please them. He was the Jews' principal front man in their huge extortion racket for extracting Second World War reparations from the Swiss people. It was D'Amato, as chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, who twisted die arms of die Swiss and cold them that if they didn't cough up all of the money the Jews were demanding, he would introduce legislation cutting off the ability of Swiss banks to do business in the United States. D'Amato would do anything the Jews demanded of him. In order to keep his position in the Senate he would gladly throw his Italian grandmother to die wolves, if it would please the Jews. But in die elections this month the Jews chose one of their own, Charles Schumer, to take D'Amato's job. So now D'Amato is out of the Senate, out in the cold without a job.
1 can imagine him the day after the election going to his biggest Jewish supporters with tears in his eyes and asking, “But why did you desert me? Haven't I always done everything
you asked of me, no matter how du tasteful or dishonorable it was?" A j I can imagine his top Jewish porter looking coldly down his wL nose at D'Amato and answering wi| a sneer. “Yes, but vot haff you cW for us today?”	°ne
So Alphonse D'Amato learned a good lesson about Jewish gratitude. I hope that many others of his type learn similar lessons in the future. 1 really enjoy seeing the expressions on their faces.
You know, I haven't received a letter from Alphonse D'Amato yet, but I have received letters from many other Americans asking me what I have against the Jews. There are many Americans who agree with me on almost every subject except the Jews. They agree with me that the political system which allowed Bill Clinton to be elected is rotten to the core. They agree with me that the quality of the electorate in the United States has declined to the point that democracy has become a threat to our civiliza-
LU uui
tion, not to menuon a tnreat race. They agree with me on the pernicious influence of die mass media. They agree with me on the disastrous effect multiculturalism has had on our schools and universities. They agree with me that America's present immigration policy, which favors immigrants from die non-White parts of the world, is ruining the country. But when I tell them that the Jews play a key role in each of these problem areas — that the Jews are in large measure responsible for what is wrong with our government, for what is wrong with the mass media, for what is wrong with our schools, for what is wrong with our immigration policy — they run like frightened rabbits.
If I comer one of these people who agrees with me on everything except the role of the Jews, I'll hear from him how each of the evils I attribute to the Jews also can be attributed to non-Jews — and I'll also hear from him that there are individual Jews who are opposed to each of these evils. And of course, all of that is true.
The Jewish program of extortion against the Swiss and the Germans has depended heavily on corrupt Gentiles like Alphonse DAmato, for example. And I am sure that one can find individual Jews who believe this extortion racket is excessively pUshy and could backfire on the Jews. But
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
the feet remains that it is a Jewish racket Despite D'Amato's role as front man, it is not an Italian racket; it is Jewish. And the same general considerations apply to all of the other problem areas I mentioned.
In the mass media, for example, there are bad actors who are not Jews. Rupert Murdoch is the most conspicuous of these. And there are a few Jewish columnists and editors and even publishers who are opposed to most of the destructive policies being promoted by their fellow Jews. Nevertheless, no reasonable person can deny that the influence of the Jews in the media outweighs that of any other ethnic group, and the dissent among media Jews is far outweighed by their agreement on virtually every major issue.
Or consider immigration policy. It's not just that the Clinton administration has a Jewess, Doris Meissner, in charge of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, which is in line with the extraordinarily high percentage of Jews in other positions in the Clinton administration. The key to our present ruinous immigration policy is that Jews as a whole, not just Doris Meissner as an individual Jew, are in favor of it. There are non-Jews who also fevor it, and there are a few Jews who oppose it, but in essence it is a Jewish policy, and it is the Jewish support for this policy which keeps it in place, despite widespread public opposition to it
Or consider the White slave trade, which I have commented on in earlier broadcasts. Corrupt government officials, who are not Jews, in places like Ukraine, make it possible for Jewish slave traders to operate, and in addition to this there are a few Jews who oppose the White slave trade — not to mention the feet that most Jews are not engaged in the slave trade. But without Jews there would be no White slave trade. That's the most important point — not that die Jews have Gentile collaborators or that most Jews aren't in that particular business or even that a few Jews oppose the trade, but that it is a Jewish business, and without Jews we wouldn't have it
And without Jews we wouldn't have a lot of other problems too. That doesn't mean that we would have a problem-free society, but at least we would have manageable problems,
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
and we could go to work on them without having to simultaneously fight the media and the government Above all our other problems today looms the problem of Jewish control of our mass media, with the disastrous influence the media have on all our public institutions, from government to schools, and on private attitudes, opinions, and behavior.
To me that seems self-evident, and I really become impatient with people who refuse to recognize the key role the Jews are playing in the destruction of our civilization or who pretend to be confused by the fact that not every single Jew is involved or that non-Jews also are involved. This is a case where too much sophistication simply is not helpful: a case where trying too hard to be reasonable and fair will get us all killed and bring about the end of our civilization.
Can you imagine being involved in a war in which the primary rule of engagement was that you were not permitted to shoot at an enemy soldier, regardless of the fact that he was wearing an enemy uniform, until you had personally observed him shooting at you or had personally questioned him and determined his hostile intent
—	a war in which you were required to assume that a soldier in an enemy uniform really was friendly until you had concrete evidence to the contrary
—	a war in which your general explained to you that this rule of engagement was justified because most of the enemy soldiers were only support troops, not combat troops, and besides, there were a few soldiers on the other side who weren't really hostile — a war in which you were liable to be court-martialled for anti-Semitism if you actually began shooting enemy soldiers? Can you imagine being in such a war? Clearly, the only way for your side to win would be for you to shoot your subversive general first and then adopt a new rule of engagement, under which the simple feet that a soldier was wearing the enemy uniform was sufficient evidence of his hostile intent and sufficient grounds for you to fire on him without further ado.
Now, the feet is that we are engaged in just such a war today. It is a war for survival, a war of extinction, of annihilation, a race war to the death. It is a war in which White
11
Alphonse D'Amato after his defeat
Americans are being pushed to the wall, are being crowded out of their own land by non-Whites of every sort
—	by Blacks, by Hispanics, by Asians, by Middle Easterners — crowded out of their employment, crowded out of their schools, crowded out of their neighborhoods. It is a war in which there can be no truce, no peaceful resolution, only victory or extinction, because the populations of those who covet our living space continue to grow, while that space does not.
And in this war our generals — which is to say, our government and our mass media — are telling us that we must not judge our enemies by the uniforms they are wearing — which is to say, by the color of their skin or the tribe to which they belong — but we must ignore their uniforms and judge each of them individually, and we must keep in mind that some of them are pleasant and inoffensive individuals, while there are many very destructive and undesirable individuals among our own people. And especially, we must not judge our generals by the particular Middle Eastern tribe to which so many of them just happen to belong.
And of course, we are losing this war. It is time to shoot some generals and change the rules of engagement. It is time to be a little less confused by sophistries and to call a spade a spade
—	and to call a Jew a Jew. And it is time to begin considering as traitors those who wring their hands and assert that there's enough space for everyone, and please, can't we all just learn to share and to get along with each other? It is time, as is proper
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
during a war, to begin dealing with them as traitors.
Before we can do anything else, however, we need first to be able to think clearly about our situation, and then we need to find the courage to deal with it in a reasonable way. Many of our people do understand our situation — many more, I am sorry to say — than have the courage to deal with it properly or even to speak publicly about it Lack of courage is a bigger problem for us than lack of understanding. The fact is that too many of our people are willing only to take public positions which will not subject them to too much criticism, positions which are not too dangerous and won't get them kicked out of the country club.
Of course, what's dangerous depends upon one's station in our society. In many social settings, for example, one can complain about the government's immigration policy, if one doesn't become too specific about the racial aspects of that policy. But almost nowhere can one openly talk about the Jewish aspects of immigration policy without risking reprisals. So that leaves on just a few of us now the burden of continuing to speak out, of continuing to explain our situation, of continuing to build understanding in our people.
So I'll finish today with a recapitulation: There are many of our people — including educated people, successful people — who, like the television reporter from Charlotte, North Carolina, who interviewed me last week, have never heard of Aesop and who believe that whatever he wrote wasn't
really important. They are ignorant and roodess because they had trendy, airhead parents and went to multicul-turalized schools where they were taught by Politically Correct teachers and professors. And of course, these people will raise their own children in a similar way and send them to schools where they will receive similar educations. So in a sense it is correct to say that a great many people are responsible for this deplorable situation, for this increasing roodessness of each succeeding generation of our people; in a sense the whole society is responsible.
There is more to it, however: this roodessness, whether manifested as ignorance of the oldest traditions of our people or in some other way, is not a natural or accidental development It has been planned and orchestrated. It is deliberate. The people who planned it — the people who continue to orchestrate it — are Jews. In every society they enter, the Jews immediately begin gnawing on the roots. They understand that only after they have destroyed the people's roots — only after they have made the society roodess and cosmopolitan — will they have free rein and be able to manipulate and exploit the people without resistance. They understand this at an instinctive level. That is why wherever you look in a society which has been infested by Jews, into whichever festering sore you peer, you will find the Jews at work destroying roots.
They have many collaborators among our own people, but the. plan to cut our people loose from their roots, so we will have no basis for
defending our civilization, is a Jewish plan — just as the racket to extort billions of dollars from the Swiss and the Germans and other European peoples for wrongs allegedly inflicted during the Second World War is a Jewish racket, despite the collaboration of non-Jews such as Alphonse D'Amato.
The program to weed all traditional books for White children out of libraries and out of school curricula is a Jewish program, despite the fact that one can find individual Jews who claim to support traditional education and traditional culture. One can find organizations run by Jews which support performances of Shakespeare's plays. One can find Jewish Mozart societies and Jewish Beethoven societies. Perhaps one can even find a Jewish Aesop society if one looks hard enough. But as surely as Aesop is being removed from our culture, so are Shakespeare and Mozart and Beethoven. The Jews appropriate our culture and our traditions before they destroy them. But destruction always is their ultimate aim, and the Jewish mass media are the principal agents of destruction. That is what we must remember. That is why we must change the rules of engagement.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Aesop’s Fables & the Rules of Engagement,” aired on November 11, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
What We Owe Sam Dash
Something very interesting happened on Friday of last week. Samuel Dash, a high-profile Jew lawyer that Special Prosecutor Ken Starr has employed for the past four years as a high-priced consultant during his investigation of Clinton's illegal behavior, suddenly torpedoed his employer in a sneak attack that severely damaged the effort to impeach Clinton and remove him from office.
Let's look at the details. Samuel Dash gained his high profile 25 years ago, when he was the chief counsel of
the Senate committee investigating the Watergate scandal. He had close ties to people at the Washington Post, and it has been widely assumed that he orchestrated the torrent of leaks from his investigating staff to the media. It was these leaks to the media day after day, for month after month, virtually all of them damaging to Nixon and his allies, which unraveled the Nixon presidency. In any case, Dash played a key role in the process which eventually forced Nixon to resign from office in 1974.
When Ken Starr hired Dash in 1994 as a member of his staff to investigate Clinton's criminal activity, the reasoning seemed to be that as a well-known Jewish Democrat, Dash would give “balance” to Starr's team and deflect charges from Clinton supporters that the investigation was a partisan effort by Republicans and Christian conservatives out to “get” Clinton. And Dash was not the only Jew working for Ken Starr. Starr, a naive, straidaced preacher's son, really seems to have a blind spot where Jews are concerned — as in fact, a great
© 1998 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 | %40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
13
Samuel Dash at the Watergate hearings
many other Christian conservatives do. In Starr's case, perhaps the fact that he is married to a Jewess has had something to do with his leaving himself open to Jewish sabotage.
Starr was paying Dash $3200 a week for four or five hours of work — until Friday of last week. On Friday, the day after the opening of impeachment hearings by die House Judiciary Committee, Samuel Dash announced that he was resigning from Ken Starr's staff because Starr wasn't being fair to Mr. Clinton and had acted unethically in giving his opening statement to the Judiciary Committee on the previous day. Dash had given Starr no warning of what he intended to do, and it caught the special prosecutor completely by surprise. It didn't catch the media people by surprise, however, because rumors already had been buzzing among them that Dash was involved in secret meetings with Clinton's people in the days before his resignation last week, and so they were expecting some interesting developments. Other members of Starr's staff had exacdy the same suspicions. One of them was quoted by Newsweek magazine this week saying that Dash had become a “traitor” who “willfully aligned himself with the other side.” Starr was especially surprised, because he had showed to Dash the report he intended to give to the Congress, and Dash had agreed with all of Starr's conclusions.
What was really interesting was to see the Republicans backpedaling and the Clintonistas gloating after Dash sandbagged Starr. The Republicans already were nervous about continuing with the impeachment process against Clinton after the lemmings had shown in the election results earlier this month that they were more interested in getting back to their ball games and funny papers than in having the law enforced. When Dash denounced the prosecution of Bill Clinton as “unethical,” many Republicans ran for cover. It's clear that they're looking for a quick and easy way out now, rather than giving Clinton the punishment he deserves.
Now, the really interesting question is, why did Dash do it7 Why at this time torpedo the investigation that he had been a part of for four years? Why was he so eager to let
Clinton off the hook that he would betray the man who had hired him as counsel and risk charges of unethical behavior himself?
Now I'll tell you what I think. I can't prove it, but if 1 am correct events soon will prove me right. I think that the bigshot Jew lawyer Samuel Dash made a secret deal with Bill Clinton on a matter of great importance to Dash's fellow Jews. Dash would launch a treacherous, surprise attack on his employer, Kenneth Starr, and take much of the steam out of the impeachment process if Bill Clinton would make a firm commitment to find any convenient excuse for getting the war against Iraq started quickly: any plausible excuse. As I prepare this broadcast, the war still hasn't started. It may have begun before I'm actually on the air. But if it hasn't I have a strong suspicion that Mr. Clinton soon will seize any pretext, no matter how flimsy — he will invent a pretext — for claiming that Saddam Hussein is defying the United Nations again. The Jewish media will back him up, of course, and the slaughter will begin.
Now, that's just my hunch, my suspicion, as to Samuel Dash's motive for doing something which is otherwise inexplicable. The Jews really do want this war. They desperately need this war. And they certainly don't want to have to fight it themselves. Well, we'll see. Meanwhile, we get to see that grinning piece of filth in the White House become cocky again in the knowledge that he's beat yet another rap — probably.
You know, it's my belief that it behooves us always to try to find something good in our situation, no matter how bad it seems. We ought to look for an advantageous aspect in every disaster that befalls us and see what we can do to make it more advantageous. That's the only way for us to keep our courage up; it's our only hope for improving things. And certainly, if we assess our situation objectively today, it is a full-fledged disaster. We Americans — we White Americans, we European Americans
—	are largely a population of mindless, spineless lemmings with a government consisting entirely of criminals, and we are all — people and government — under the control of a tribe of alien, bloodsucking parasites who use us and abuse us at their pleasure.
Perhaps that summary of our situation sounds too harsh, too extreme
—	but I believe that it's pretty accurate. Just back off for a minute and look at what already has happened to us. At the beginning of this century we were the undisputed masters of all we surveyed. There was no possibility of Black thugs terrorizing White children in our public schools, no possibility of mestizos pouring across our southern border and taking over the southwestern United States while we did nothing to stop them, no possibility of Jews using our popular media to blatantly persuade our trendy young women that it's fashionable to go to bed writh Negroes, no possibility of having someone like Bill Clinton in the White House. And today we have all of these things.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
That's a very crude summary of the transformation in our situation which has occurred in this century, but it's accurate. Every one of these changes actually has occurred. I've spoken with you on many broadcasts about how these changes occurred. I've spoken with you about the grad-ual takeover of our mass media by Jews, about the way in which they consolidated their control of Hollywood and of Madison Avenue and of our most influential newspapers and magazines. I've spoken with you about the way in which this Jewish control of our media has been used to change our attitudes and values, to weaken us, to make us more tolerant of every sort of evil; I've spoken with you about the effects of the media, the effects of propaganda on our people. I've spoken with you about how the American electorate has been degraded as it was extended to broader and broader segments of the population during this century. I've spoken with you about the fundamental flaws in democracy itself. And it's important to understand all of these things, to understand this disaster. But, hey, I promised you a bright spot we could focus on.
So how's this for a bright spot: Clinton, after being exposed for what he is, after having the incontrovertible proof of his criminality displayed for all to see, gets to remain President. This lying draft dodger gets to become a war hero by being our fearless commander-in-chief while we use our cruise missiles and smart bombs to wipe out all of those camel jockeys and towel-heads in the Middle East — and their women and children too, of course: little towel-heads will grow up to be big towel-heads who will then be a new problem for those nice, democratic, Jewish allies of ours in Israel. Clinton gets to stay in the White House for two more years, begins getting good press again, and then gets honorably discharged with all of the perquisites the system provides for ex-presidents.
That ought to knock some wind out of those who think the system is still basically sound and we ought to give it a chance to work. That ought to wake up some of the wishful thinkers who still believe we can vote our way out of this disaster. Seeing Clinton get away with everything he's done and watching his popularity rat-
Ken Starr
ing with the lemmings shoot back up ought to help us straighten out our thinking about political matters.
Those Americans who still think of themselves as patriots — those who still think — ought to learn something valuable from this obscene circus we have been witnessing in Washington. They ought to stop believing that the Republicans or any other political party can rescue them from the Democrats. So if we can't vote our way out of our current disaster, what can we do?
Well, one thing that we cannot do at this time is shoot our way out. I just don't believe that any scheme based on illegal activity or on a violent confrontation with the government can succeed at this time or in the near future. The Pentagon's cruise missiles and smart bombs can be used against us just as easily as against Iraqi women and children. I know that there are some Christian patriots who believe that their faith will give them an advantage over Washington's forces of godless democracy, but that'll work about as well as the faith that many Blacks in Africa have that their witch doctors can make them immune to bullets. And there are some militia people who are looking forward to a major disruption of Washington's forces in the year 2000, when, they believe, the government's computers will stop working. But that's also wishful thinking. Any disruption of government capabilities in 2000 will be very minor and ultimately inconsequential.
The best thing that one can hope for in that direction is that there may
be a few leaders in our armed forces who have some sense of honor left and who will decide that they cannot simultaneously obey Bill Clinton as their commander-in-chief and also satisfy their obligations to their country. In fact, a few lower-ranking officers already have said as much in public statements recendy. But you know, the Jews and the democrats began worrying about that sort of thing a long time ago, and they've pretty well done the same sort of wrecking job on our military leadership that they've done on our universities. Ever since the end of the Second World War the only way one could rise in the leadership ranks of our armed forces was to be a paragon of Political Correctness. If we had a few top generals today of the George Patton stripe — and 60 years younger, of course — Clinton and his whole crew of Jews, lesbians, and sniveling, 1960s-style trendies would have been dragged out of the White House, put up against a wall, and shot long before now. And then a similar cleansing operation would have been repeated at the Capitol and then at the Justice Department and at a dozen other government buildings. As it is, I'm not confident that there's a general left on active duty who still has a sense of honor. They're all politicians these days: all Eisenhower types. When a country decays, all of its institutions decay.
I'll repeat what I've already said: the biggest benefit to America to come out of the Clinton affair is the clear and forceful demonstration that it is not just Clinton but the system itself which is rotten and which must be replaced. That demonstration has had no effect on the lemmings, of course, other than persuading a few more of them that there's no point in voting, but in the long run die lemmings don't really count anyway. What the patriots should have learned — what the independent thinkers should have learned — is that we must stop wasting our time on various reform schemes and instead prepare for revolution.
And how does one prepare for revolution in our situation? I have been told by people who should know, by trained psychologists, professors of psychology, that everyone acts in accord with his perceived self-interest. Perceived self-interest is what motivates people, whether they are
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for December 1998
professors or generals or businessmen or office workers or housewives.
And for a long time I resisted believing that. I wanted to believe that there was something else in our people, something finer, something nobler. I wanted to believe that a patriot, for example, is a person who is motivated by a sense of history and tradition and a deep love for his people and for what is right. But I now accept the view of the psychologists that patriots are pretty much like the rest of the population, just with different opinions. They say patriotic things, but when decisions must be made about what to do, they act in accord with their perceived self-interest — in most cases. Undoubtedly there still are a few zealots among us, a few Eric Rudolphs and Timothy McVeighs, who will do what they believe is right rather than what seems advantageous. But one cannot make a revolution with a handful of zealots. What we must do is persuade a substantial number of patriots — and more generally, a substantial number of thinking people — that their self-interest will be better served by revolution than by supporting the system or by sitting on their hands.
I'm not talking about persuading a majority. We're not looking for votes. But we must persuade a few hundred thousand thinking people — a few hundred thousand people who now are involved in keeping the system going in one way or another — we must help them understand that their interests really lie in getting rid of the present system and building something new and fundamentally different
How does one persuade a general who is receiving a salary of $120,000 a year plus really a lot of very nice perks from this system that it will be to his advantage to do away with it? How does one persuade a university professor who has a secure and comfortable position in a system that demands only Political Correctness from him that he should turn against that system? How does one persuade a businessman who has learned how to turn the system to his advantage, despite its corruption, and to make a good profit from it that he should begin rocking the boat7 How does one persuade the office worker or factory worker, who despite everything is still living pretty comfortably, that he
should bite the hand that is feeding him?
We have observed over and over again in history that strong governments are not overthrown from within, no matter how immoral and oppressive they are. Only weak governments are overthrown from within; only weak governments are susceptible to revolution. Unfortunately, there's not much that you or I can do to weaken this government at this time. Bill Clinton is doing a much better job of that than we can. Our job now is simply to help people see the system's weakness, to help them understand that continuing to put their faith in a weak system will not serve their interests well. That job is more difficult when people are feeling comfortable and secure, easier when they are uncomfortable or frightened.
This is a difficult time, despite all of the help Bill Clinton is giving us. This is a time when it is very difficult to persuade people who have a short-range perception of where their interests lie. This is a time when we are able to persuade only those who have a fairly long-range view of things, those who include in their own self-interest the interests of their children and their grandchildren: those who really care what sort of world their children must live in. And you know, there still are a fair number of our people out there who do care about things like that, people who do think beyond what's in the refrigerator and how much they can charge on their credit card this month.
Even among our political generals, there are those who deeply resent having to take orders from a slimeball like Bill Clinton — of that I am certain — and I suspect that among these there are a few who do think ahead to the long-range implications of our sit-
I Subscribe to Free Speech! |
I Send $40 to the address at the	I
I bottom of this page for 12 issues. .
Name:
I Address:
I-......--...I
15
uation. Among our most Politically Correct professors, who with their careers in mind always remember to genuflect to the campus feminists and homosexuals and diversity-mongers, there is a great deal of cynicism — of that I am certain, because I speak privately with some of them — and I also am certain that some of these cynical professors do understand where this society is headed in the long run and are not happy with that prospect. And I could make a similar comment about even the most profit-hungry of our businessmen, who are now going along in order to get along.
And so we don't want to write these people off, no matter how disappointing their performance may be to us today. Perceptions change as conditions change, and we should be doing whatever we can to help these people extend their perceptions and understand what the future holds. More than that, however, we can reach out even now to the people in our society who already have a broader sense of self-interest, a sense of self-interest which already comprehends the interests of their grandchildren and which considers more than credit-card balances. There are people now who still judge their self-interest in aesthetic terms and spiritual terms as well as financial terms.
The lemmings may be able to listen with equanimity to Bill Clinton pontificate from the White House or to look at his smiling face on television for two more years as he tells us even more lies, but that prospect really grates on people who have any sort of aesthetic sense. The world these more sensitive people live in is diminished, their lives are diminished, by having to share their world with Bill Clinton. And that's good, because that puts them in a more receptive frame of mind when we try to persuade them that we need to organize the best of our people and do something fundamental about the system of which Bill Clinton is a part. Perhaps we ought to be grateful to the Jew lawyer Samuel Dash for that.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “What We Owe Sam Dash,” aired on November 28, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year