FREE SPEECH • DECEMBER 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. XII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Fighting Together for
This week I was in Germany. I was there to participate in a congress of the youth division of the National Demo-cratic Party of Germany: the NPD. I had been invited to address the congress. Now, don’t let that word “democratic” in the name of the party fool you. These are really decent people: nothing democratic about them at all. Political life in Germany has been rather strange since the end of the Second World War. Germany, of course, was divided into two major occupation zones at the end of the war, East and West. In the East, the only political party permitted by our Soviet ally was the Communist Party. In the Western Occupation Zone, the democratic allies, chiefly the United States, ruled. And of course, the United States did things the correct way, the “democratic” way. We had, after all, brought “freedom” to Germany, we claimed.
Our way was to permit any political party to operate and to participate in elections — as long as it was “democratic” and had approved policies. It was the same way with newspapers, magazines,
and so on. There was “freedom of the press.” Anyone who wanted could publish a newspaper — so long as he was
Poster for the Young National Democrats
the Future
given a license to do so by the U.S. Occupation authorities. And the only people who were given licenses to publish were those certified as “democrats.” The same policy applied in Germany whether the Democratic Party or the Republican Party was in power back in the United States.
Anyway, what this policy in Germany meant in practice was that publishing licenses were given only to people who could prove that they had been opponents of the prewar German government: which is to say, communists, social democrats, draft dodgers who had fled abroad to avoid military service, Jews, and the like. Jews automatically qualified for everything. And it is absolutely astounding how many of them who had miraculously managed to survive the so-called “Holocaust” suddenly appeared.
And what the policy meant for political parties was that if the Occupation authorities decided that they were not sufficiently “democratic” they were simply banned, and their leaders were thrown into prison. And die eventual withdrawal of most of the Occupation forces, the
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
The meeting Dr. Pierce attended this year in Germany was peaceful, but it is not unusual for Nationalist meetings to be disrupted by the “anti-racist” mob.
tearing down of the Berlin Wall, and so on didn't change this policy. The present German government is a lineal descendant of the one installed by the U.S. Occupation army.
So today in Germany any genuinely patriotic political party is obliged to employ a good deal of camouflage in order to avoid being banned. Nobody is really fooled by the camouflage, though. Certainly, the enemies of the German people aren’t fooled: Communists, Jews, homosexuals, feminists, anarchists, and the rest generally protest outside NPD meetings and attempt to disrupt them. That happened at an NPD meeting I attended last year, but the one this week was peaceful — perhaps because it was held in a lovely, little Bavarian town, Falkenberg, where the supply of local Jews, feminists, etc. was very limited; also because several dozen heavily armed riot police patrolled the area outside the meeting hall. If protestors had appeared, and the police hadn't been there to protect diem, there were at least 200 very sturdy, young NPD members with shaved heads and heavy boots among those attending the meeting, who would have loved nothing better than to send at least twice their number of protestors to the nearest hospital emergency room.
Perhaps the most bizarre aspect of political life in Germany today is the consequence of Occupation legislation prohibiting any Politically Incorrect speech: at least, any Politically Incorrect speech touching on such ultra-taboo topics as
race, the Second World War, and — most of all — the Jews. There is a special branch of the German secret police called the Ver/assungsc/iut? — ironically, that means “Defense of the Constitution” — whose principal responsibility is to ferret out and arrest anyone suspected of having published or said anything in public that might be offensive to Jews. The Verfas-sungsehutz also arrests people for displaying banned symbols or for making forbidden gestures. A German patriot must be careful never to raise his right arm in any way that might be considered “provocative” by the Verfassunschutz, even if he is only shielding his eyes from the sun or greeting a friend. A great many German patriots are in prison today for having gone afoul of the Verfassungschutz in one way or another.
What all this means is that speeches like the one I gave at the NPD meeting this week must employ what amounts to a code. One cannot say in public something like, “Jews in New York, Washington, and Tel Aviv are the principal moving force behind the immigration policy that is bringing millions of non-White immigrants into Germany.” One must say instead something like: “Those who are the enemies of every nation but their own are behind the immigration policy that is bringing millions of non-Whites into Germany.” Using this code is a bit of a nuisance, but at least everyone at an NPD meeting — and indeed, every politi-
cally aware German — understands py^ what is meant.
Unfortunately, however, millions 0f ordinary Germans don’t understand, k as is the case with White Americans most Germans are lemmings and co'ucK potatoes. They are self-centered, addicted to comfort, materialistic, conformist, con-sumption-oriented, and very fashion conscious; in fact, they are desperately eager to be fashionable, and every fashion comes to them through their television screens, just as in America. In the various German hotel rooms I was in this week, 1 scanned the television channels in order to sample the fare being fed to the Germans. On about half the channels were exaedy the same programs seen by Americans: programs made in Hollywood or in New York by Jews, but with German speech dubbed in instead of English. On a couple of channels they didn’t even bother to dub in German.
Judaeo-American garbage culture has so thoroughly penetrated Germany that on some of the programs for the lowest-grade lemmings, programs with the dialogue consisting mosdy of slang expressions and standard cliches, the average German viewer can follow the primitive English as well as the average American. MTV is an example of this. German teenagers receive their daily dose of poison from New York television Jew Sumner Redstone in precisely the same flavor as American teenagers do. And the television channels with original German programming are not really much better. No such thing as an independent idea ever appears on German television. If it did, the Verfassungschutz certainly would haul the offending programmer off to prison.
And the poison has its effect. German teenagers, at least in the cities, are looking more and more like American teenagers: slovenly and undisciplined and addicted to Negroid music, Negroid grooming, and Negroid life-styles. A disgustingly common sight is a blonde German girl walking along hand in hand with a Negro from Africa or the West Indies. All too often there is one or more flat-nosed, dusky-hued offspring toddling along after them. To the establishment politicians and the Christian clergy, there is nothing at all wrong with this. The Christian clergy, in fact, encourage it in every way they can.
Although I was never in Germany before the disaster of 1945, I have seen enough German films from the 1930s and the early 1940s to make comparisons. One of the mental comparisons 1
© 1999 • National.Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
made during my trip this week was between the apathetic, brainwashed, “democratic” German youth of today and the clean, healthy, athletic, enthusiastic, and disciplined boys and girls in the German youth organizations instituted by Hider. The boys of the Hider Youth and the girls in the League of German Girls were proud of their nation and proud of their race and were eager to become proud citizens of a strong, healthy and progressive Germany and march forward together into a bright future. What a difference a few decades of Jewish television propaganda can make!
And television is not the only medium through which Judaeo-American “culture” has penetrated Europe. Indeed, one sees familiar American advertising slogans, in English, on about half the storefronts and billboards in the larger German cities, just as one sees graffiti in English scrawled on walls and in subway cars. This contamination of European culture — and not just German culture — has always seemed to me even worse than what the Jew has done to culture in America. Even before the Second World War the Jew had built a new nest for himself in America and moved his center of operations here from Europe. Hider, of course, helped him make his move with a good, strong kick in the backside. Now the Jew is throwing his filth from his new nest back into the old one, fouling the source of our cultural spring. And of course, this is deliberate.
The really unfortunate thing about it is that, outside the NPD and a few other patriotic organizations, Germans do not really care about this cultural contamination, nor do they object to it. As with Americans, as long as there is plenty of beer in the refrigerator and entertainment on television, they don’t care what is happening to their country, their culture, or their race. They don’t see anything amiss in turning on their television receivers and seeing Oprah’s Black face grinning back at them.
I’ll get back to this subject of Judaeo-American cultural contamination in a minute. First, I want to mention that, despite my horror and disgust at what 54 years of contact with America has done to Germany, my whole purpose in being in Germany this week was to increase at least one facet of that contact: namely collaboration between my organization, the National Alliance, which operates mosdy in America, and the NPD, which operates exclusively in Germany. In fact, as I told the NPD congress in my talk, it is essen-
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
Many Germans are as beguiled by “bread and circuses” as Americans.
rial — not just helpful, but necessary — for genuine nationalist groups everywhere to increase their degree of collaboration across national borders. The natural tendency for a nationalist group, of course, is to devote all its effort to building its strength in its own country and to educating the people of its own nation. The National Alliance is really unique in that it has no geographical restrictions on membership; we define nationality in terms of race, not geography.
Our enemy also does that. To the Jews it makes no difference whether another Jew was born in Russia or Canada or England or Brazil or the United States. All that matters is whether or not he was born a Jew. And the fact is that the Jew is the common enemy of every nation but his own and of every nationalism but his own. The same Jews who are attempting to plunder and weaken and destroy White America also are attempting to plunder and weaken and destroy Germany. And the Jews in Germany are in constant and total collaboration with the Jews in Russia, in England, in the United States, and in every other nation which is being used as a host by them. And they have had centuries of experience at such collaboration.
So if nationalists are to gain real strength anywhere — ultimately, if we are to survive anywhere — we must overcome the international Jew, and we can only do that through collaboration across national borders. If a genuine nationalist movement gained governmental power anywhere and began taking appropriate cleansing action in its own country to undo the damage done by decades of Jewish policies, then the Jews in every other country would not hesitate to combine
3
forces and unleash all of their military strength against that one country. They wouldn’t stop even at unleashing a nuclear war if faced with the prospect of completely losing their grip on a major nation. We have seen that happen before, 60 years ago, and we must not let it happen again.
Perhaps a nationalist movement in the United States might be able to become successful without having to worry about being suppressed by outside forces, but really, we’re just about the only country for which that’s the case. Nationalists in every other country need to worry very much about Jew-instigated suppression from outside, as the Serbs certainly know. In fact, that’s what the New World Order is all about. Even in the United States, nationalists — die National Alliance, for example — can benefit from nationalist successes elsewhere.
What this means is that success for nationalists everywhere — even those in the United States — will be much more likely if all nationalists coordinate their activities: if they grow together. We must not become too successful anywhere before we have become at least moderately successful in a few other places.
Well, I talked to the NPD congress about specific ways in which we ought to be collaborating across international borders: ways beyond merely exchanging publications and inviting one another to our big meetings. I talked about nuts-and-bolts details that I won’t bore you with now.
I also talked about the spiritual side of nationalist collaboration across borders. In the long and difficult struggle that lies ahead of us, nothing is more important than a deep belief in the rightness and the necessity and the beauty of our cause. Belief should be able to exist alone, in a single individual, but in fact it thrives best in company. One person who believes very strongly in something may devote his entire life to serving his belief, but if he knows that tens of thousands of his kinsmen around the world also are serving the same belief, then he has a great advantage: the advantage of confidence, of optimism, of enthusiasm. Most of all, he will act more boldly, with more daring, in the knowledge that he is not- alone. And really, there’s nothing more important for us, outnumbered and outgunned as we are, than courage, than boldness, than audacity.
Certainly, we must be wise; we must plan tactics and strategy with the greatest
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
Nearty all organized crime in Germany is run by Jews from the ex-Soviet Union, but because of anti-free speech laws the NPD cannot say this directly.
care; we must avoid serious errors; but above everything else we must act with confidence and boldness, and the greatest guarantor of boldness is the assurance that many others share our belief and are acting with us, that they will cheer our successes and aid us in our difficulties. And if our allies are spread throughout many nations, so much the better. That makes the rightness of our cause universal. It is not just I who believes that we ought to be free, that we ought to be the masters of our own fate: the Germans agree with me; die Russians agree; the Irish agree; die Poles agree; the Magyars agree; the Swedes agree; die Romanians agree. In every country in Europe voices are being raised now for the same cause. This certainly strengthens our mutual conviction that we are right and that we must prevail.
That, among other things, is what I told die delegates at die NPD congress in Germany, except, of course, that I had to phrase everything in die peculiar sort of double-talk required by the Verfassungs-chutz. And let me tell you, in plain language, nationalists everywhere need all of the moral support they can give each other, and that is nowhere more true than in Germany. The Jews really are doing a job on Germany. Munich, where
I spent more time than anywhere else this week, already is one-third non-German. Turks and other Asians are everywhere. Blacks are increasingly numerous. The kindergartens and public elementary schools in Germany's larger cities are as much as 80 per cent non-German. And nonGermans continue to pour into Germany. One nonGerman group whose numbers in Germany have increased especially rapidly in the past two years is the Jews. They have been pouring into Germany from the former Soviet Union. The German government welcomes them with open arms and gives them a number of valuable subsidies to start them off on a more prosperous track than other immigrants. Jews from Russia and Ukraine already completely dominate organized crime, including the White slave trade, in Germany.
Whenever a German complains in public about what is being done to his country, if he phrases his complaint carefully enough so that the Verfassungschutz doesn’t lock him up for “hate speech,” the sold-out politicians, the Christian clergy, the Jews — and all too many of his brainwashed, guilt-ridden fellow Germans — are all over him, accusing him of “racism,” “anti-Semitism,” “fascism,” you name it. In Austria, which was torn away from the rest of Germany by the victorious democrats and communists at the end of the war, a conservative leader, Jorg Haider, won a surprisingly strong second-place in the elections last month. The Jews in Germany immediately went into their Chicken Little act, shrieking that the sky was falling. “Oi, veh! Vasn’t six million enough, already? Vhy do you vant to make us suffer even more, already?” Et cetera. They made the sort of viciously
Turkish women In German study the Koran.
intemperate remarks about Jorg u. that they make over here about P .
1	All	««	I d	m*l
Buchanan. And the really unfortj^ thing about it is that Haider is not anti-Semite. He has appointed w/'1
* . *	|	g||y	^

merely
high positions in his party. He opposes some Jewish policies, especial, the one which is flooding Austria wii nonGerman immigrants. But even drat opposition, especially on the part of German, is enough to send the Jews into a spitting, shrieking rage.
Fortunately, there are Germans though Haider seems not to be among them, who want to send the Jews into something besides a rage. I was with a group of them this week in Bavaria. And their number is growing. There remains much, much more work to be done in Germany, however. The average German is still inclined to grovel and begin apologizing whenever the Jews begin complaining about how persecuted they are and how much the Germans owe them. The Germans as a whole, probably too polite and too civilized to begin with, have let themselves be beaten down by the anti-German propaganda of the postwar period until they are in a truly pitiful moral state today, with no pride and no backbone: nothing but guilt and self-hatred. With a birthrate well below the replacement level, the number of Germans is declining every year, while the number of nonGermans on German soil grows.
But the resistance also is beginning to grow, as I mentioned. The Jews and their collaborators in the government and the Christian churches are desperate to keep this resistance under control. My personal opinion is that they will fail. I want to do whatever I can do to assure that they fail, because, as I told the Germans at the NPD congress, our destinies are linked. If the Jews succeed in destroying the German nation, they will have an easier time destroying us. And if the Germans successfully resist their efforts, then our own success in overcoming the Jews and their collaborators will be much more likely.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Fighting Together for the Future,” aired on November 6, 1999. A cassette recording of diis broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
©1999- National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
5
Germany and America
Last week we talked about conditions in Germany, where I had been to address a congress of the National Democratic Party of Germany. I emphasized two things: the racial and cultural degradation of Germany during 54 years of rule by an Occupation government and the lack of freedom of Germans today: specifically, their lack of freedom of speech and freedom of assembly. That’s as good a place as any to start today.
What I want to talk about today is the evidence that the same people who are degrading Germany and preventing Germans from speaking and assembling freely are also degrading America and are doing their damnedest to take away Americans’ freedom as well. Much of the evidence I’ll give you is merely suggestive. With my limited investigative resources that’s all I can do. You’ll have to make your own judgment on what the evidence means.
Let’s begin with the case of Gary Lauck. Mr. Lauck is a native of Lincoln, Nebraska. For years he published materials characterized by the Jewish media here as “neo-Nazi,” and he shipped these materials to friends in Germany, who distributed them to the German public through “underground” channels, much to the annoyance of the German government, which does not permit Germans to read such materials. In fact, the German government complained long and loudly about Lauck, and the Clinton government in Washington apologized and said that, unfortunately, there was nothing it could do to punish Lauck or stop his publishing activity, since, unfortunately, the U.S. Constitution permits American citizens to do that sort of thing. Well, actually there was something the Clinton government could do to stop Lauck, and that’s what it did. In 1995, when Lauck was visiting friends in Denmark, Mr. Clinton’s government, which keeps track of the coming and going of U.S. citizens, tipped off the secret police in Germany, the Verfassungschutz, that Lauck was in Denmark. The Verfassungschutz asked the Danish government, which since the Second World War has not been much better than the German government, to arrest Lauck and extradite him to Germany. And that’s what happened. The
Gary Lauck
German government then put Lauck in prison for four years.
Think about it. Lauck broke no law in the United States, and he broke no law in Germany. The German government imprisoned Lauck because of his perfecdy legal activities in the United States: because of his Constitutionally protected activities. And the Clinton government helped the German government do it. The Jews and the other Clintonistas like to talk about “freedom” and “civil rights” and so on, but what they mean is freedom for homosexuals to flaunt their lifestyle in public and become Boy Scout leaders, freedom for Haitians and Mexicans to pour across our borders unchecked, freedom for feminists to make rules that everyone else must obey, freedom for Blacks to mug and rape Whites,
secure in the knowledge that the Whites can’t defend themselves because the government has taken away their guns. That’s what they mean by “freedom.”
The Clintonistas do not mean freedom for White Americans to exercise their Constitutional rights. They hate the idea of civil rights for heterosexual White males. That scares them. Heterosexual White males are the enemy. They don’t deserve freedom. That is what the Clintonistas really believe. They couldn’t figure a way to lock up Lauck themselves, so they arranged for the German government to do it. And then they grinned and sat on their hands for four years while Lauck rotted in a German prison. Not a word in the mass media over here and not a word of protest from the Clinton government to the German government: not a single letter from Madeleine Albright or any of the other Jews running our State Department.
Can you imagine the hullabaloo Madeleine Albright would have raised if a Jew from the United States, while visiting Jordan, say, were arrested by the Jordanian government and extradited to Iraq at the request of Saddam Hussein, and then were sentenced to four years in an Iraqi prison because while in the United States he had published unkind things about Saddam? Can you imagine how that horrid, old Jewess would shriek until Saddam released the Jew and apologized? I mean, really, the Clinton State Department would have threatened war and would have been happy to blast Baghdad with more cruise missiles. But when precisely the same thing happens to an American citizen who is a heterosexual White male like Lauck, the Clinton government ignores it, and the mass media ignore it. They really believe that Lauck shouldn’t have freedom of speech, because he publishes Politically Incorrect things. The Jews and their collaborators in the Clinton government are really happy that they were able to punish Lauck for publishing things they don’t approve of.
Well, Gary Lauck served his four years in a German prison and returned to the United States earlier this year. Then he decided to buy a handgun and applied for a pistol permit as required by
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
Nebraska law. On the application he answered "no* to a question as to whether or nor he is a convicted felon, because he has never been convicted of a felony in the United States, and he considered his conviction in a German court for his exercise of his Constitutional rights in the United States to be spurious and of no legal validity. The state of Nebraska routinely checks ail applications for pistol permits with the FBI, and the FBI reported back that Lauck was indeed a convicted felon because of the German government*s charges against him. He was arrested last week and charged with swearing falsely on his application for a permit. He faces up to five years in prison and a $10,000 fine. The Jews in the Clin-ton government arc really giggling over this one, but I'll bet you haven't even heard about it before this broadcast, unless you happen to live in Lincoln, Nebraska. What this amounts to is an affirmation by the U.S. government of die German government’s treatment of Laudc
You know, what was done to Gary Lauck is really outrageous. It shouldn’t happen to an American citizen. The Clin-ton government not only permitted it to happen without protest but actually caused it to happen because the Clintoni-stas don't like what Lauck publishes. They really do want to have the same sort of laws in the United States that the Jews have imposed on Germany, so that only Politically Correct speech is protected by the Constitution. They lie about it They put on a big show of defending free speech, but it is all pretense and deception.
Here's another example of their deceit which shows the parallels between what they've done to Germany and what they're doing to America. First a little background: Since the end of the Second World War the biggest Jewish racket has been the bleeding of Germans for “reparations.” The so-called "Holocaust” has been used to extract more than 60 billion dollars from the German people supposedly to compensate Jews for the suffering and loss they claim to have experienced during the war as a result of Hider’s anti-Jewish policies. “Oi, veh! The Nazis took all our gold and put us in gas chambers. So now you must pay us!" Well, this racket worked for more than 50 years, but many Germans were getting tired of it. They said, “The Nazis are all dead. We
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
I!
r
Daniel Goldhagen
weren’t bom until after the war. We aren’t Nazis. We don’t owe you anything.”
So the Jews shifted their tactic. They said, “Oi, veh. It vasnt chust the Nazis. It vas all the Germans. You all persecuted us.” A Jewish professor at Harvard, Daniel Goldhagen, came out with a book titled Hitler’s Willing Executioners, the theme of which was that all Germans, not just the Nazis, had hated and mistreated Jews, and so all Germans owe the Jews reparations. The book was given an inordinate amount of publicity by the Jewish media, and the browbeaten Germans began groveling and apologizing again. Just to drive the point home, die Jews and their collaborators organized a traveling photo exhibit to persuade the German people that the entire German military establishment, not just Hider’s elite SS troops, had persecuted the Jews and committed atrocities during the war. Therefore, all the Germans still owe the Jews. The exhibit, tided War of Extermina-tion: Crimes of the Wehrmacht, 1941-1944, has more than 800 photographs supposedly showing atrocities committed by German soldiers. During the four years this exhibit has been traveling around Germany, German veterans and other patriots have protested that many of the photographs are fakes and that the whole exhibit, in effect, is a lie intended to make Germans feel guilty and to extort more payments from diem.
Despite the protests, the German lemmings continued to view the exhibit and to feel guilty as intended. And I should mention that Jews are not the only ones promoting it. Treasonous German liberals, in business, in politics, and in the academy, who have hitched their wagons to the Jewish star and have tried to outdo one another in expressing hatred for their own people, are enthusiastic supporters of the exhibit Its biggest financial support comes from a billion-
aire German cigarette maker Reemtsma. The exhibit was schedule^ begin a tour of the United States * month, opening in New York on TV? ber 2.	^
Well, all that was changed a few(V ago, when a few courageous historian! came forward with convincing arguments that the exhibit is, in fact, a lie. I say “con. rageous” because in Germany the govern-ment puts people in prison f0r contradicting any aspect of the “Holo-caust” story. The historians presented irrefutable evidence that several of the “atrocity” photographs had been staged after the war, and that others, while showing genuine atrocities, were of atrocities committed by the Soviet secret police, the NKVD. The historians pointed out that piles of bodies in some of the photographs, claimed to be victims of the Web macht, are in fact Polish, German, and Baltic civilians murdered by the Soviet NKVD. This is especially embarrassing to the exhibit’s promoters, because the NKVD at the time the photographs were taken was led and heavily staffed by Soviet Jews. So the exhibit has been withdrawn while the matter is studied. It will not be coming to New York next month after all. And that’s too bad, because it might do the American lemmings some good to see what the Jews — those poor, innocent, persecuted darlings — were themselves doing to non-Jews during the war. But let me tell you something: If it weren’t for the fact that the evidence of fraud uncovered by a few courageous historians is beginning to find its way into the historical journals, where it no longer can be ignored, the promoters of this anti-Wehrmacht exhibit would have brazenly continued their road show, knowingly deceiving Germans and Americans in order to promote their own Jewish agenda.
Do you begin to see what all of this is suggesting? Let me give you another recent example. Before Madeleine Albright launched her murderous war against Serbia earlier this year, Jewish television was full of atrocity stories about what the terrible, Nazi-like Serbs were doing to the poor, innocent, persecuted Albanians in Serbia’s Kosovo province. Albright’s Jewish spokesman, James Rubin, was on the air every night moaning about the “genocide” and the “ethnic cleansing” in Kosovo. Before the bomb-
© 1999 I National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
7
Photagroptad by Horry son
«m mm- MMmmu
fhuolfc* of the nef ionoliecurily
■ ■







MBia|
■
a»8^:
ill
|C|:
m
‘**A»**’®
\;%J
SAMUEL R. $V&; "SANDY” BERGER«[»\
Assistant to the	%**'
president for nationot-securify affairs.
Bom, Sharon, Connecticut.
B.A., Come)), 1967;
J.D. com ioude. Harvard, 1971. Age, 52. Deputy naHonakjecurity adviser to President Ointon, 1993-97; appointed nationoUsecurity adviser, 1997.
Has known the president longer then anyone else on Clinton's foreign-policy team. They met at the Alamo during the McGovern campaign in 1972.
son
n«w States permement representative §®jf t0&« United Nations
llwadeno, O^fomia. B.A., 1970, M.A., PTf97X Tufts University. Age, 50.
|S, representative from New Mexico,
■ 1982•-96. IAN. ombossador since February 1997.
MADELEINE K. ALBRIGHT
United States secretary of state.
Born, Prague, Czechoslovakia. Immigrated t^the United States in 1948.
B.A., Wellesley, 1959;
Ph.D., Columbia, 1976. Age, 60.
The mast visible and activist secretary of state since Henry Kissinger, Albright is the bighest-ranking woman in the history of the Untied States government; previously she served os President Clinton's ambassador to the :; United Nations and in foreignpolicy advisory positions for Jimmy Carter,
Edmund Muskie, and Michael Dukakis.
WILLIAM $. COHEN
United States secretary of defense.
Born, Bangor, Maine. B.A., Bowdoin, t962; U.B., Boston University Law School, 1965. Age, 57.
The only Republican in the Clinton Cabinet. U.S. representative from Maine, 1972-78; U.S. senator, 1979-96.
GENERAL JOHN M. SHALIKASHVILI
Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Bom, Warsaw, Poland.
Immigrated to the United States in 1952. B.Sc., Bradley University, 1958;
M.A., George Washington University, 1970. Age, 61.
The highestranking member of the U.S. armed forces. Shalikashvili was drafted into the arpty as a private in 1958. Before becoming chairman of the Joint Chiefs, he was NATO's supreme Allied commonder, Europe.
Shortly after being elected, Clinton appointed the most Jewish National Security team in America’s history.
Albanians already had been killed in Kosovo by the Serbs. Rubin and other Jews in the government and the media were constantly and stridendy calling for war — except that they didn’t call it “war”; they called it “humanitarian intervention.”
Careful observers may have noted that many of the alleged Serb atrocities being shown to American television viewers during the prewar period had an uncanny similarity to each other. We saw the same Albanian corpse or alleged massacre site on our screens night after night, just filmed from a different angle and with slighdy different commentary each time. The intent clearly was to make a few killings seem like many. And the politicians participated in the deceit. Before the bombing started, the Jews’ number one step’n’fetchit in Britain, Clinton clone Tony Blair, announced:
"We must act to save thousands of innocent men, women, and children from humanitarian catastrophe, from death, barbarism, and ethnic cleansing by a brutal dictatorship."
Eight weeks after the bombing started, when the war was coming under increasing criticism from dissidents, in an effort to build voter support for the war, Clinton’s Jewish Secretary of Defense, William Cohen, announced that as many as 100,000 Albanians of military age had been murdered in Kosovo by the Serbs. Tony Blair’s ministers were not quite as hyperbolic as Bill Clinton’s, but Blair’s Foreign Minister Geoff Hoon announced on June 17:
"According to the reports we have gathered ... it appears that around 10,000 people have been killed in more than 100 massacres. The final toll may be much worse."
After Slobodan Milosevic finally caved in and permitted NATO to send its troops into Serbia, the media continued to announce huge numbers of Albanians supposedly murdered by the Serbs. When NATO had occupied all of Kosovo province, we still were hearing figures of 44,000 butchered Albanians, hundreds of mass graves, etc. Then the figure of murdered Albanians dropped to 22,000, then to 11,000. Bernard Kouchner, the United Nations chief administrator in occupied Kosovo, announced that 11,000 bodies already had been found in mass graves throughout Kosovo. Altogether 20 forensic teams were sent in to dig up the mass graves and count the bodies.
Well, that was more than four months ago, and somehow all of the body-hunters, including a team from the FBI, found a grand total of 670 bodies of Albanians, and not all of those were killed by Serbs. It’s beginning to look as if that’s all they will find. That’s fewer Albanians than Madeleine Albright killed accidentally, when her “smart” bombs went astray or her trigger-happy pilots shot up refugee columns. And of course, it’s a lot less than the number of Serbs
murdered by KLA gangsters under NATO protection since the bombing stopped in June. Those murders, by the way, are continuing on a daily basis, but the Jewish media no longer bother to report them.
I mean, it’s becoming a bit embarrassing for them. If they begin reporting the continuing murder of Serb civilians by the KLA, that might remind people to ask how many Albanians the Serbs killed, how many mass graves have been
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
“Hate Speech" is vigorously investigated and punished in Germany. How long will it be before the same happens In the United States?
uncovered, and so on. It’s hard enough to keep the more independent-minded UN inspectors from blurting out the facts. The chief Spanish forensic inspector, juan Lopez F&fafox, told a Spanish newspaper:
"They told us that we should prepare ourselves to perform more than 2,000 autopsies. The result is very different. We found only 187 cadavers, and now we are going to return [to Spain]."
Inspectors were told that there was a mass grave near the town of Ljubenic containing 350 bodies. They dug everything up and found just seven bodies. They were told that the bodies of 700 Albanians had been dumped down mine shafts at Trepca, in northern Kosovo. After an exhaustive search inspectors concluded that there were no bodies at all there.
It might seem a bit reckless of the Jews to try to justify an unpopular war, Ik such as the recent one against Serbia, ■ with lots of phony atrocity stories they W knew wouldn’t stand up to scrutiny. But W just consider the way it has worked out Madeleine Albright, Bill Clinton, and Tony Blair still are able to claim in public that their murderous bombing of Serbia was a “humanitarian mission, that they saved die lives of many thousands of
Albanians by chasing the Serb Army out of Kosovo, and that their so-called “peacekeeping” troops have brought peace and security to the region. They are able to claim these things despite the facts I have cited, because only a few voters know the truth. Only a few voters are interested in the truth. Most voters know only what they see on network television, and network television isn’t about to make Madeleine or Bill or Tony look bad. It was a Jewish war, and so it had to be a good war, a justified war.
I’ll reiterate: in a democracy like we have in the United States, the truth isn’t really important What’s important is what the mass of voters believe to be true, and since the mass of voters never investigate anything or even do any independent reading, whoever controls television controls what they believe. Someone like Gary Lauck can have his Constitutional rights violated, and the voters never will know about it, because it won’t be on network television.
The Jews can cook up the most outrageous atrocity stories, whether about what supposedly happened to them during the Second World War or what the Serbs supposedly did to the Albanians before Madeleine began her bombing, and the stories don’t really have to hold
water in order to be effective. They can L the flimsiest and most transparent 1{ because the average voter simply isn’t d ’ criminating enough to see through them They believe whatever Tom Brokaw 0 Dan Rather or Peter Jennings tells them to believe.
I’m really surprised that the phony Wehrmacht atrocity exhibit was pulled just because a few historians were raising hell about faked photographs and NKVD Jews murdering Gentile civilians and blaming it on the Germans. The sports fans and soccer moms, who learn what’s going on from Tom Brokaw, Dan Rather, and Peter Jennings, certainly never would have learned what the historians were saying. If the German liberals weren’t so wishy-washy, the historians simply could have been thrown in prison for “hate speech,” the exhibit could open in New York as scheduled, and the lemmings would have believed everything they were told.
One thing that may have played a role in killing the phony Wehrmacht exhibit, is that information about the faked photos in it has been circulating on the Internet during the past couple of weeks. The Jews are working hard to keep what they call “hate” off the Internet. The Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, the Simon Wiesenthal Center, and other Jewish groups are lobbying to make it mandatory to have what they call “hate filters” installed on all school and library computers, so that the kiddies can’t have their minds polluted by inconvenient facts about phony Wehrmacht atrocities or phony gas chamber stories or phony Serb massacres of Albanians.
Well, my point today is that what is happening in Germany and what is happening in the United States are connected. They are connected by the same lies told by the same liars. Many of the things that have been done to Germany — mass immigration by non-Whites, the cultural degradation, the non-White crime, and so on — also have been done to the United States. The loss of our freedom of speech and assembly will be next.
This article is based on die American Dissident Voices program “Germany and America,” aired on November 13,1999. A cassette recording of d\is broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
9
Tribal Thinking
Quite often I make fim of liberals on this program: you know, feminists, egalitarians, New World Order enthusiasts, the kind of people who identify with Bill Clinton as a fellow child of the ‘60s and who admire Hillary as the very model of the modern American woman; people who have filters on their minds to keep out Politically Incorrect facts and ideas; people who refuse even to look at the world except through Politically Correct goggles.
I mean, it’s pretty hard to take such people seriously. Hypocrisy makes such a wonderful target, and practically everything a liberal says or does is glaringly hypocritical. Liberals think it is terrible that Serbs were rough on Albanians when the Serbs had the upper hand in Serbia’s Kosovo province, but they don’t want to hear about what the Albanians do to the Serbs when the tables are turned. They claim to be for peace and love and brotherhood, but they are the first to call for cruise missiles and smart bombs when someone who doesn’t share their peculiar mind-set gets in the way of one of their pet projects. They say that they are against war on principle, that negotiation and arbitration and compromise are the ways to handle international disputes, but they were solidly in favor of the most terrible and destructive war in history, and they ridiculed as “appeasers” and “isolationists” those who made serious efforts to prevent that war through negotiation, arbitration, and compromise.
Liberals’ hearts bleed at the thought of pickaninnies going hungry in Africa, but it bothers them not at all that the policy of their favorite President has caused
the deaths of nearly a million children in Iraq. When South Africa had a White government just a few years ago, liberals were constandy in an uproar, demonstrating, agitating, lobbying, writing editorials, screaming for new sanctions, and flying into a rage at the news of every new incident of perceived “racial injustice” or White mistreatment of Blacks. Then there was an instant of delirious joy and triumph among liberals when the White South Africans foolishly permitted themselves to be persuaded to vote for Black rule in their country. Since then, however, as South Africa has descended into chaos and ruin under Black rule, liberals have completely lost interest in what used to be their favorite preoccupation. They don’t want to hear anything about South Africa these days. If you press them on the matter they will tell you smugly that the epidemic of murder of White South African farm families by Black gangs and the rape of White South African women by Blacks is just retribution for years of apartheid. But the fact that ordinary Blacks in South Africa, whom White liberals in America used to cherish and sympathize with — the fact that ordinary Blacks are much more likely to be crime victims now than they were under White rule doesn’t interest liberals in the least.
For years liberals have deplored violence by skinhead gangs in Europe and America, especially since that violence often is directed against non-Whites. And they complain about White football hooligans, who are notorious for starting riots after soccer matches in Britain. But when seven Black thugs were expelled from a high school in Illinois just a few days ago
after starting a Black riot at a football game in which a number of White students were beaten severely, liberals began marching with the Reverend Jesse Jackson to pressure school officials into rescinding the expulsions.
In America police brutality always has been a favorite source of liberal indignation. They love the thrill of outrage that they feel when they remember how the police used fire hoses to wet down disorderly demonstrators in Selma, Alabama, or thumped so-called “freedom riders” with their nightsticks. They still work up a pretty good head of steam over those things after more than 30 years. One of the liberals’ folk heroes today is Black cop-killer Mumia Abu-Jamal, formerly known as Wesley Cook. In December 1981 Abu-Jamal walked up behind a young White policeman, Danny Faulkner, in Philadelphia and shot him in the back. When the White policeman fell to the pavement, the Black killer stood over his body and pumped four more bullets into him.
Abu-Jamal was tried, convicted, and sentenced to death in 1982 on the basis of testimony from eye witnesses. There has hardly been a more clear-cut case of cold-blooded, first-degree murder adjudicated in an American court. Well, that conviction was more than 17 years ago, but Mumia Abu-Jamal has so far avoided being punished because White liberals have decided that he is a martyr in the struggle for justice for Blacks. Prominent media liberals, including a number of Hollywood stars such as Paul Newman and Susan Sarandon, have demonstrated for his pardon and release. Mention mur-
Material supporting Mumia Abu-Jamal
© 1999 I National Vanguard Books • Box 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
Members of a human rights group demonstrate torture technics used by the Israeli police on Palestinians.
dcred White police officer Danny Faulkner to them, and you'll get nothing but a sneer.
But don’t jump to the conclusion that just because there is a conflict somewhere between the police and members of a despised minority that liberals always will be on the side of the despised minority. In Israel, for example, police always have routinely tortured Palestinian prisoners in order to extract information from them. A number of Palestinian prisoners have died from torture at the hands of Jewish authorities. When the question came up in Israel just a few weeks ago of whether or not the practice of torture by police during the interrogation of arrested Palestinians should be continued in the light of international disapproval, and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak came down on the “yea” side, there was even discussion of the issue in some American publications. But that's all very ho-hum stuff to liberals.
Ffcople other than me have pointed out this selective indignation and selective compassion which is a distinguishing characteristic of liberals. I sometimes have characterized liberals as trendy airheads because of their inconsistencies. But I don't really mean to imply that I think liberals are stupider than the bulk of the American population. The very fact that they are utterly inconsistent, that they do not base the positions they take on principle, but nevertheless are able to march in ideological lockstep with one another means that they have to be fairly alert always to know what the Politically Correct position on every issue is at any given moment They have to know instantly whether a particular incident is one they should be outraged about or should ignore. They have to know whether or not a specific individual victim of injustice or a specific group of victims deserves their compassion or their scorn. That requires a certain degree of mental agility. Liberals certainly are crooked, but not necessarily stupid.
No, when it comes to stupidity I believe that conservatives take the prize. Let me read you a letter I received this
week from a conservative listener. I'm reading the whole letter from a true-blue conservative, a real believer in the Protestant work ethic. He writes:
"I am a single, white, non-Jewish male — a Lutheran — who resides in New York City. As you've mentioned, Jews do control a decent portion of this country's media as well as permeate most of corporate America. But I believe this was clone through hard work and promotion of education among their people. Instead of slighting them at every opportunity, why not highlight their achievements as a positive motivation for us Gentiles to excel. Otherwise ou come off sounding like a whiny hill-illy who is simply jealous. America is a free country. If Jews have excelled faster than the rest of us, hats off to them." — J. Koepp.
You know, living in New York City does something to people, and I might attribute Mr. Koepp’s letter to the morally debilitating effect of his environment, except that I’ve received letters from conservatives in other parts of the country that are just as stupid. Well, anyway, Mr. Koepp’s letter made me think about con-
servatives and liberals: ab their differences from each oth and also about their similarities How are liberals and conser-vatives different from one another? I believe that their most fundamental difference is that liberals enjoy destroying things smashing up existing structures and institutions, while conservatives are much more inclined to hang onto what already exists: not only to hang on, but to sup-port it, so long as it has an aura of authority, whether that makes sense or not. Conservatives respect authority and crave respectability for themselves; liberals respect nothing and desire above all else to be fashionable.
The conservative and the liberal are similar in that neither is a systematic thinker — at least, not with regard to the ideas and policies that define his conservative or liberal nature. He does not derive his ideas on specific matters from general principles, but rather from attitudes or psychological tendencies.
Mr. Koepp believes that we should take our hats off to the rich and powerful Jews who control Hollywood, New York, and Washington. Why? Because, according to his letter, they have worked hard for their wealth and power. Should we also take off our hats to Mafia bosses who have worked hard and taken big chances to become capos? Mr. Koepp probably would say “no.” Why not7 Well, Mr. Koepp might not be able to tell you, but in line with the conservative’s way of thinking it’s because the Mafia bosses aren’t respectable, while the Jewish media bosses, using their control of the media for the purpose, have managed to wrap themselves in a cloak of respectability. The media bosses are respectable in the eyes of the conservative, and the Mafia bosses aren’t, despite the fact that the media bosses do infinitely more damage to our society than the Mafia does. Probably the conservative would agree that the Negroid anti-culture promoted among our young people by Sumner Redstone’s MTV is not a good thing. But Mr. Redstone is a very rich and very powerful Jew: a respectable Jew, by Mr. Koepp's standards. Well, anyway, as I said, conserva-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
rives are not systematic thinkers. Nor are liberals.
I’ll tell you who the systematic thinkers are: the Jews. The Jews not only think systematically, they think tribally. Jews aren’t afraid of hard work when it is necessary, but they don’t really work harder than conservatives or liberals — at least, it’s not just hard work and education that are responsible for their wealth and power; it’s their systematic approach to things, their tribal approach. That is the secret of their success. They’re not distracted by things such as conservatism or liberalism. They know what they want, and they go after it in a rational way.
Back during the early part of this century conservatives used to scratch their heads and try to figure out whether Jews were basically capitalists or communists. Jews had become very successful as capitalists in America and had amassed huge fortunes. But in Europe the Jews were leading the communist movement, and Jewish capitalists in America were giving them financial aid. The conservatives couldn’t figure it out. It was too much of a puzzle for them. As I said earlier, conservatives are not very bright.
The answer to the puzzle, of course, is that Jews are basically neither communists nor capitalists. But they also are both when it suits their purpose. I’ll repeat to you an anecdote told by Lazar Kaganovich, the bloodiest and most powerful of the Jewish Bolsheviks during the height of communist power in the Soviet Union. Kaganovich was known as the Butcher of Ukraine and the Wolf of the Kremlin and was personally responsible for the murder of millions of Ukrainian and Russian farmers and workers. In 1957 Nikita Khruschev himself publicly accused Kaganovich of murdering 20 million Russians.
Kaganovich told the anecdote to his American nephew, Stuart Kahan, who wrote the official biography of his uncle, which was published in this country in 1987 by William Morrow and Company. Kaganovich’s own uncle, Levick, had told the young Kaganovich as a boy in Ukraine the basic rule by which he expected the young Jew to guide his life: “Whatever is good for the Jews. Follow only that line of reasoning.” Actually, Kaganovich mentions several other occasions on which his Uncle Levick impressed him with the same rule of conduct, the same rule to guide his thinking,
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
during the time when the young Jew, who was a yeshiva boy, was attending his first communist meetings in the synagogue in Kiev.
The interesting thing about that in this connection is that wealthy capitalist Jews have written about the same rule being pounded into their own heads by their elders when they were boys: “Always base your decisions on what is good for the Jews. Always choose the policy which benefits the Jews. That must be the rule which guides your life, my boy.” That is tribal thinking. And it is successful thinking. And neither conservatives nor liberals understand it.
In the 1970s, after it was apparent to astute observers that communism was bankrupt and would not last much longer in eastern Europe, thousands of Jewish intellectuals in America who formerly had supported Marxism, began changing their tune and announcing that henceforth they would be conservatives. Today they are called “neoconservatives” or “neo-cons.” And Gentile liberals felt betrayed. They believed that their Jewish fellow travelers had let them down, had betrayed the cause of liberalism. They didn’t understand that the Jews had no more been genuine Marxists or genuine liberals in the past than the neocons are genuine conservatives today. They were just doing what was good for the Jews, paying lip service to whatever ideology was best for the Jews at the time, and as the times changed, so did the ideology.
Today, despite the abandonment of Marxism and the large number of Jewish neocons around, Jews generally are still regarded as “liberals” by most people. That’s because, regardless of whether they support A1 Gore or Bill Bradley or George Bush, Jr., for President — regardless of their economic policies or their party affiliation — they virtually all are for gun control, for open borders, for multi-culturalism and more “diversity,” for racial mixing, for permitting homosexuals to be Boy Scout leaders, and so on. But the essential point, which both conservatives and liberals fail to understand, is that the Jews don’t base their policies on any inherendy “liberal” tendency. They base their policies on what’s good for the Jews. And that also means, in nearly every case, on what’s bad for the Gentiles, on what weakens the Gentiles, on what makes easier prey of the Gentiles. Tribal thinking.
11
We live in a rapidly shrinking world, with rapidly increasing competition for limited resources. Everywhere, both in America and in Europe, die land that used to be exclusively ours is being overrun by non-Whites. We already are a minority in California, and we’re headed toward becoming a minority everywhere else in a hurry. We are losing our neighborhoods, our cities, our public schools, our workplaces to non-Whites. Really, that’s an understatement. We’ve already lost many of our cities and many of our public schools, and die suburbs and the private schools are going fast. Racial intermarriage is skyrocketing. Our young women, thoughdessly trying to be fashionable and imitating what they see on television, are running with Blacks and other non-Whites in increasing numbers.
We have before us the example of South Africa. That is, those of us who pay attention to what is actually happening in the world and don’t depend entirely on Tom Brokaw, Dan Rather, and Peter Jennings, have that example before us of a formerly White civilization going down to ruin in just a few short years after the Whites there relaxed their grip. We have that example before us, and we can see what is happening all around us in America, just as we can see on our television screens where the Jews are pushing us. And the conservatives among us tell us that we should take our hats off to the hard-working folks in Hollywood, New York, and Washington who are orchestrating this wonderful Jonestown, America, while the liberals are elbowing each other aside in their eagerness to be first in line at the Kool Aid dispenser.
It’s about time for those of us still capable of thinking tribally to begin doing so. It’s about time for those of us who understand what it means to be White, to be European, to be Aryan in a darkening world, and who understand what it used to mean — those of us who treasure our heritage, who honor the sacrifices and achievements of our forefathers and appreciate the civilization they created for us — those of us who feel a sense of responsibility to the future and are determined that our people shall inherit the future, not the mongrel offspring of the rappers and jivers we see on our television screens, but our people — it’s about time for us to begin thinking and planning and acting systematically in a man-
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
ner aimed at our racial survival.
It’s time to stop being spectators, to stop listening to the hypocritical cant of the liberals and the mindless ramblings of the conservatives. It’s time to base everything —■ everything — on the proposition that we must survive, our people must survive. If a policy strengthens our people, it it increases the survivability of our people, it is a good policy. If it weak-
ens us or puts us at a disadvantage in the struggle for survival, it is a bad policy. That’s all that matters. That’s all that we should consider. Racial survival, racial victory in the struggle for life and dominance, must be the goal of every plan, of every policy, of every thought and action. Tribal thinking.
We used to understand that, back before television. Everyone understood it
who survived. The Jews still understand it. We’d better learn it again — soon.
Tlris article is based on die American Dissident Voices program “Tribal Thinking,” aired on November 20, 1999. A cassette recording of diis broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Books and Freedom
A listener sent me a clipping from the New York Times last month, the November 14 edition, and I just got around to reading it. It’s the obituary of a writer and Harvard professor, Dr. Richard Marius. Marius had a pretty unremarkable career:	a Southern Baptist
divinity school graduate and student of the Reformation who wrote several very forgettable books and taught aspiring authors at Harvard how to write. We wouldn’t be interested in him, except for one detail: in 1995 he was fired as a speech writer by A1 Gore. The reason he was fired is that in a book review he had written three years earlier, which was published in The Harvard Magazine, he had criticized the way the Jews in Israel treat the Palestinians there: you know, torturing prisoners, collective punishment for
Louis Ferdinand Cdline
the families of suspected activists, and so on.
Again, this criticism of the Israelis was not in a book written by Marius, but in his review of another author’s book, and book reviews are generally a bit more ephemeral and less weighty than the books themselves. But Marius’ review was published in The Harvard Magazine, and Jews, of course, scan very closely everything published anywhere by Harvard professors, so that they can keep their Gentile brethren at Harvard on the straight and narrow path of Political Correctness. Martin Peretz, the Jew who edits the leftist magazine New Republic, was apprised of Marius’ transgression, and Peretz complained to A1 Gore, who prompdy fired Marius. The Jews trumpeted the firing of Marius around the circle of liberal literati of which Marius was a member, denouncing him as an anti-Semite, and his friends began avoiding him. He protested loudly that he was not an anti-Semite, but it availed him nothing. He was washed up for good with the Clintonistas.
But really, what a jerk, not to have understood that it’s proper to condemn Serbs, say, for torturing prisoners and dynamiting the homes of families suspected of having a family member who isn’t sympathetic to the government, but it’s certainly not proper to condemn Jews for doing the same thing. How could anyone be a speech writer for A1 Gore and not understand that Jews are very special people, who must never be criticized, under any circumstances? I mean, we all know that the ordinary rules of behavior don’t apply to them. If the Germans or the Poles or the French or the Americans do something very illiberal, then we expect a Harvard liberal to criticize them. But not if they are Jews. Then the
expected behavior of a Harvard liberal is to pretend that he doesn’t notice. So Marius broke the rule and was punished. Too bad. I really can’t feel sorry for a Harvard liberal — certainly not for a Harvard liberal who also was a speech writer for anyone in the Clinton administration.
Reading Marius’ obituary called to mind the very special status Jews have in our society. We may criticize anyone — except Jews. Of course, a liberal isn’t likely under any circumstances to be critical of a homosexual or a feminist or a non-White or a member of any other group currently patronized by liberals. But as long as he assures everyone that many of his best friends are perverts or Blacks or what have you and that his criticism is intended to be constructive, he will be forgiven for an occasional sharp remark aimed toward them. But if he ever makes the mistake of referring to Jews in anything but the most flattering terms, his name goes on a hate list and is never
Feodor Dostoevsky
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
removed.
I can think of a number of examples of literary figures far more illustrious than Marius: there’s T.S. Eliot, and there’s H.L Mencken, and, of course, there’s Ezra Pound. They’ve all been dead for more than a quarter of a century, but whenever something is written about one of them today there’s a great deal of anguished soul-searching over the question, “How could So-and-so have been such a great poet or such a clever writer and nevertheless have made nasty remarks about Jews?” The Jews pretend not to be able to understand it. They pretend that it is an inexplicable mystery to them how anyone can be intelligent and creative who doesn’t love and admire Jews. They conclude that it had to have been some character flaw in the writer. And these were writers who only made passing remarks about Jews — except, perhaps, for Pound, who really despised them.
And the Jews prefer not even to mention exceptionally popular writers like Louis Ferdinand Celine or Jack London or Feodor Dostoevsky, who were quite outspoken in portraying Jews in an unfavorable light. They are a real mystery to the Jews. Perhaps the explanation is that they were dropped on their heads as children. If that is so, then most of our greatest writers of the past must have been dropped on their heads. Not every writer made much of it, but the general opinion was that Jews were not just different from their Aryan hosts, but unpleas-andy different and dangerously different.
T.S. Eliot
These opinions about the Jews generally were not based on ignorance, social snobbery, or Christian bigotry, as the Jews would have us believe.
Consider the three outstanding writers I just mentioned. Neither Celine nor London was a Christian, although Dostoevsky was, and none of the three was wealthy or considered a snob. London, in fact, was an illegitimate child raised in poverty. At the age of 13 he was working 12-hour days in a cannery for ten cents an hour. London and Dostoevsky became intimately acquainted with Jews before expressing opinions about them. London for a while thought of himself as a Marxist and moved in Marxist circles, where he got a good, strong whiff of Jews at work and play. Dostoevsky was sent to prison on the suspicion that he had revolutionary sentiments, and he spent four years in a Siberian prison with Jews who really did have revolutionary sentiments. All three writers denounced the Jews for their hatred against Gentile society, for their deceitfulness, and for their destructive and parasitic activities.
And Celine, London, and Dostoevsky were not really exceptional in their attitude toward the Jews. Their attitude was that of the majority of the most perceptive, sensitive, and thoughtful men in our society. I chose these three not because their attitudes toward the Jews were exceptional, but because they were the most outstanding writers of their time: Celine in France, London in America, and Dostoevsky in Russia. So why are things different today? Why don’t we have America’s leading literary lights warning us about the Jews’ destructive intentions toward us, the way we did in
the 19th century — and in this century up until the Second World War? Did all of our honest writers get killed during the war?
Actually, 1 can think of one honest writer of the first rank who survived the war and warned us about the Jews — although in a somewhat more muted voice than the prewar writers. It’s a curious fact that Alexander Solzhenitsyn, just like his countryman Feodor Dostoevsky a century earlier, was arrested by the secret police and sent to a prison camp on suspicion of being a dissident While in prison Dostoevsky had observed closely the Jews around him and developed the conviction that if they ever got die upper hand over the Russians, the Russians
13
would be devoured by them. That, of course, is exacdy what happened.
Solzhenitsyn, a mathematician and an officer in the Red Army, was arrested in 1945 when a Jewish political commissar opened and read a letter written by Solzhenitsyn criticizing the communist regime. Solzhenitsyn spent the next 11 years in communist prison camps and had a good chance to observe at first hand the gulag system which already had devoured some 30 million of his countrymen. When he was released from prison in 1956 Solzhenitsyn, a man of exceptional courage and integrity, began writing books critical of the communist regime.
The Jews in his books were treated with some degree of subdety, but not with enough subdety to keep the Jews from whining immediately that he is an anti-Semite. I am sure that the Jews have more sensitive antennae for detecting anti-Semitism than I do, but in fact after reading two or three of Solzhenitsyn’s novels even I had a strong suspicion that he was trying to tell us something about the Jews. And after reading his Gulag Archipelago I was sure of it. Solzhenitsyn didn’t come right out and say, “The Jews are our deadliest enemies, and we ought to kill them all as soon as we can,” but for the perceptive reader the message was there. For example, in Gulag Archipelago he names some of the communist secret police commissars who set up and ran the murderous system of forced-labor camps which consumed the lives of so many Russians. There are photographs of six of these
Jack London
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
all as soon as vve can,’’ but for the perceptive reader the message was there. For example, in Gulag Archipelago lie names some of the communist secret police commissars who set up and ran the murderous system of forced-labor camps which consumed the lives of so many Russians. There arc photographs of six of these communist butchers in the book. All six of them are Jews. And this in a country where less than one per cent of the population is Jewish.
But you know, Solzhenitsyn is really the exception in the postwar period, whereas before the war he would have been the rule. So again: what has happened to our writers? Why are there almost no writers of the first rank today who will speak openly of the Jews? Actually, I might rephrase that question and ask why there are virtually no writers of the first rank today, at least in the English-speaking world? We have a huge flood of trash literature being published, but very little of lasting value.
The same answer fits both questions, at least in part. We have fewer writers today publishing honest and significant commentaries on the Jews because of what happened to Professor Marius — and also because of the greatly increased degree of direct control Jews have over what can be published and sold. A really competent, established novelist can write a first-rate novel in which the villain is a greasy kike, a la Ehud Barak or Ariel
H.L. Mencken
Sharon, who heads some Israeli murder organization — but he would be quite unlikely to find a major publisher interested in handling his book, and even if he did the major bookstore chains would boycott it, and the reviewers would give it the silent treatment. He would have infinitely better luck by making the villain a Nazi. And what is true of fiction also is true of non-fiction.
I’ll back up just a bit here, because there are few absolutes in the world of literature. Tom Wolfe is one writer who just might get away with a novel in which the villain is a sly, despicable, lecherous rabbi who kidnaps 12-year-old Gentile girls from the streets of New York, rapes them, and then sells them to an Israeli White slave gang, which is finally broken up by a blond hero with distinctly Nazi overtones to his character, who says, “Die, you Jewish pig,” as he dispatches each of the White slavers.
Well, r m exaggerating a bit. I might write such a novel, and I’d really enjoy doing so if I had the rime, but no major publisher would come near it. If Tom Wolfe wanted to write such a novel he would make it quite a bit more subtle than I have described it, undoubtedly leaving out the “die, you Jewish pig” comments as the hero slits the throats of the Israelis. But, judging from some of his other work, he just might get away with a subliminal version of the story. He certainly pushes the envelope about as far as it can be pushed today.
And in non-fiction there is the truly remarkable and valuable work of Professor Kevin MacDonald, whose trilogy on Jewish psychology, Jewish behavioral characteristics, and the interaction of the Jews with their Gentile hosts has been published in the past five years. It is really surprising that these books are available even to scholars. I am quite sure, however, that the same information could not be published and sold in a popular context today, where any Joe or Jill Sixpack could pick it up at the corner newsstand.
Anyway, Solzhenitsyn and Wolfe and MacDonald are the rare exceptions, simply because of the massive degree of Jewish control in the book publishing and marketing industries — and even more so in the book reviewing business — and because of fear on the part of timid writers who don’t want to write anything Politically Incorrect and suffer the fate of Professor Marius.
And that also explains in part why the American literary scene has become such a wasteland today. Jewish tastes anil Jewish sensibilities are more important today in determining what is published than Gentile tastes and sensibilities. Which is to say, what has happened to art and music since the Jews decided to become our cultural arbiters also has happened to literature. This really goes beyond a Jewish publisher looking at a manuscript and deciding not to publish it because it is hostile to Jews or reveals something the Jews don’t want publicized, such as the names and ethnicities of the commissars who ran the extermination camps in the Soviet Union. It’s more a matter of using his own, Jewish taste to decide that the public would rather read a novel with a Jewish flavor — a Norman Mailer or Philip Roth or Saul Bellow flavor — than a Gentile flavor.
This process of replacing Gentile tastes with Jewish tastes is self-reinforcing, because it involves more than the big, New York publishers and the bookstore chains. It also involves the literary critics and the universities. Jews have arrogated to themselves the office of deciding what’s good literature and what isn’t and of interpreting literature — ours as well as theirs — for us. What passes for “literature” in American universities today is almost unimaginably different from what students were introduced to 60 years ago. And certainly, students want to be fashionable. They want to have the “right” tastes. They want to be part of the avant*
Ezra Pound
FREE SPEECH for December 1999
15
freedom and survival. Certainly, we can’t become terribly excited over Professor Marius’ loss of his job as speech writer for A1 Gore. A1 Gore can hire or fire anybody he wants. But having Jews interpret our literature for us is a more serious matter.
In a literate society a people’s sense of who they are is passed from generation to generation through their national literature. A people’s values and standards of behavior are expressed in their literature. Their history, the lives of their heroes, their attitude toward the world are all incorporated in their national literature. To permit an alien people, with different values and standards, a different history, a different sense of identity, a different attitude toward the world to become custodians of a nation’s literature and to begin changing it, reinterpreting it, denigrating it, and replacing it is tantamount to national suicide. It leads immediately to a loss of the sense of peoplehood, a loss of the sense of national identity. It leads immediately to alienation and the breakdown of public and private morality. It leaves a people easy prey to those whose aim is to control and exploit them.
And that is why the Jews have, in their inimitably pushy manner, made themselves the masters of our literature. Of course, if you discuss the matter with
Alexander Solzhenitsyn r — — — — — — — — —
a Jew, you will hear other excuses for this development. Some will try to turn your questions aside with the old jealousy ploy: “Oh, you’re just jealous because we Jews are smarter and work harder than you do. That’s how we became so prominent in your cultural activities.” Others will try to convince you that their Allen Ginsberg was promoted as a talented poet and their Philip Roth and Norman Mailer were treated as serious writers by Jewish publishers and Jewish reviewers and Jewish literature professors because that’s what they really were; that they were sensitive and creative writers deserving to be studied and discussed by Gentile university students, that their books were bought by fashion-conscious Gentile yuppies because that’s really what the yuppies wanted to read.
And to be honest about it, we have not been without fault in this, because we let it happen. We foolishly opened our city gates to the enemy, because we already had undergone a long process of subversion and decay. We had in our own ranks, even before the Second World War, idiots with pretensions to learning and culture such as Professor Marius, ready to welcome the alien distorters and destroyers of our culture into our midst, ready to fawn on them and believe whatever the enemy said. Well, how that came about, how fools like Marius became predisposed to accept the Jews and believe them, is another story. We may be amused that Marius got bitten, but our task remains as formidable as before: and that is to break the grip of the Jews on the minds of our people by breaking the Jewish monopoly on our mass media.
Until we do that, modem American literature and the rest of modem culture will remain a wasteland, devoid of the real spirit, the real genius of our people. It will remain a culture that corrupts rather than uplifts our people. It will not be a culture that inspires them to fight for their freedom and their racial integrity and their survival as a people. Quite to the contrary, in fact. A people with no real culture of their own — or at least, a people who have lost contact with their own culture — wall be victimized and
i ■
Subscribe to Free Speech
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription and sail to the address on the bottom of this page.
Name:
Address:
exploited and eventually exterminated. That is the aim of our current cultural arbiters, at Harvard, in Hollywood, in New York, in Washington, and elsewhere.
Well, we do still have creative individuals among our people: waiters of talent, musicians and graphic artists of talent, who are able to renew our culture, to put us back on the right cultural track, to inspire us to value the things that our people used to value before the Judaiza-tion of our culture. When we make it possible for these creative individuals to express themselves and to reach the masses of our people, so that our people have a choice between Jewish culture and our culture, then we will begin to see some changes. Anyway, our task, my task, the task of the National Alliance, remains to provide the media — free media, nondistorting media — through which our writers and artists can reach our people.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Books and Freedom,” aired on December 4, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Tom Wolfe
*i
I
j