FREE SPEECH • APRIL 1997 • VOLUME III, NO. IV
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession, as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for use.
The Jewish Problem
I" Dr. William Piercei^^*
tophurehgoers
ill Dr, William Pierce
How Liberals Think
Pierce
The Nature of Patriotism
What Factors Control Whether People Are Loyal to Their Country?
1 have been reading about Aid-rich Ames, an employee in our Central Intelligence Agency who was caught spying against the United States. There have been several other Americans caught recently who were spying for foreign governments, including one who was an FBI agent, but Ames was the most important, in terms of the amount of damage he did. A book about Ames, who was arrested three years ago, has been published recendy. Its author is Pete Earley, and ids tided Confessions of a Spy. The most interesting thing to me in die book was Ames’s explanation of why he decided to sell American secrets to the KGB. He never really thought of himself as a traitor. He needed money, and he didn't dunk the CIA was paying him enough; he was essentially an alienated person who felt no sense of loyalty to anything.
Patriotism coma* from looking at the people of your country aa a large, extended family. When America was a largely White country, patriotism came naturally. It was a very common feeling. True patriotism cannot exist In a multiracial society.
There are a great many other people in this country who are just as alienated, just as self-oriented and roodess as Aldrich Ames. Most of them, of course, aren’t in a position like Ames was where they can do a great deal of damage. They don’t have the opportunity he had. And even among those who do have the opportunity, most aren’t enterprising enough or bold enough to take the risks involved. And that is the main reason there aren’t more spies being caught: there is a certain element of risk involved.
It used to be, 50 or 60 years ago, that people didn’t spy against their country because of a sense of loyalty. They felt themselves a part of the United States, and they would no more betray their country than they would betray a family member. Dur*
2
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
Convicted Atom Bomb Spys Ethel and Julius Rosenberg During and after the Second World War most of those caught spying against the United States were Jews. Not only did many Jews sympathize with Communism, but they also did not feel they were part of the American nation.
ing and shordy after the Second World War, for example, most of the American citizens caught spying against this country were Jews who were selling information to the Soviet Union. Part of the reason was because there was much more sympathy for Communism among Jews than among non-Jews, but part of the reason also was that Jews, as a group apart, felt no sense of loyalty to America. Their loyalty was to other Jews and to Jewish interests, but not to the country in which they happened to be living at the moment. Nowadays, Gentile Americans are nearly as lacking in loyalty to America, nearly as lacking in patriotism, as Jews are. People still feel a sense of loyalty to their friends and their families, but not much else.
Why is this? What has changed in America during the past 5Q years to erode the sense of patriotism so much?
If you think about it for a minute you'll know the answer. The average White person can no longer look on
America as his family. He no longer feels a part of it. It’s just the place where he happened to have been bom and happens to be living. He no longer feels a sense of kinship with ail other Americans. The reason he doesn’t is primarily the result of the enormous increase in what liberals and the media fondly call “diversity”: that is, the great increase in the number of people with whom we feel nothing in common — people with different roots, people who look different, think differendy, behave dififer-endy, and have different values — people whom we cannot even imagine being part of our family. When we look at America and see a great many people like that, when we see all of this “diversity,” then we no longer feel ourselves a part of America. We no longer feel a sense of loyalty to America. We no longer feel like traitors if we do something to hurt America.
To be sure, not everyone is as alienated yet as Aldrich Ames — but we’re getting there. And “diversity”
isn’t the only thing which is eroding our sense of patriotism. The liberals and the media are working hard at it. The Vietnam war took us a giant step away from patriotism. Some of you may not remember, but 25 years ago there were giant demonstrations in Washington on behalf of the Viet Cong and the Communists, who were killing American soldiers at the rate of 100 a day. Left-wing groups with Jewish leaders organized these demonstrations, and they bused in college students from all over the country, hundreds of thousands of them, for these demonstrations. Most of the kids weren’t Communists or even Communist sympathizers: they were just following the people on their campuses who were the loudest and pushiest and going along for the excitement and because it was the trendy thing to do. Some Jew would hand one of them a Viet Cong flag, and he would carry it, because everyone else was. It was very trendy, very fashionable to be anti-American.
And the worst thing about all this uproar during the Vietnam war is that the government did nothing to stop it. The government was sending young men over to Vietnam to be killed by the Viet Cong and the North Vietnamese and at the same time was permitting Viet Cong sympathizers to organize huge demonstrations in Washington and even providing police protection for them. The politicians were afraid to do anything, because the Jew-controlled media all sympathized with the demonstrators, and the politicians were afraid of the Jews. The net effect of this was a huge loss of respect for the government on the part of nearly everyone. The kids found that they could bum their draft cards and thumb their noses at the government and get away with it, and so they lost their respect for the government. The Vietnam vets came home and were treated like pariahs and felt unappreciated even by the government which had sent them to Vietnam, and so they lost their respect for the government. And I and many other patriots watched all of this in disgust, and we lost our respect for the government.
Back during the war I used to organize anti-Conununist demonstra-
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yeur
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
3
Aldrich Ames and His Latin American Wife
tions to counter die big pro-Viet Cong demonstrations die Jews were organizing, and 1 used to give speeches against die politicians who were collaborating most openly with the Jews. I said in my speeches that these politicians were guilty of treason and ought to be dealt with summarily: they ought to be shot. And because of this the government sicced the FBI on me: not on them, but on me. 1, and many others, developed a very negative feeling for the government during that time. That was 25 years ago, but everyone who went through that experience was changed by it. Much of the contempt for the government remains with them. And the kids who learned that it was fashionable to be anti-American kept some of that attitude even after they graduated from their colleges.
Of course, loss of respect for the government and loss of patriotism are two different things, but they both have been happening at the same time. It is interesting that today the media are trying to coax people into respecting the government again, while their assault on patriotism continues unabated. We have so many new laws and new governmental programs that are to the liking of the Jews in the media, and the politicians are so much more corrupt than they were 25 years ago, that the media now view the government more as an ally than as a rival. But the Jews in the media still hate and fear patriotism as much as ever. They have tried to make patriotism a dirty word. And they have succeeded pretty well among the trendy yuppies and the urban rabble over whom they have the strongest influence. They hold up the militias as the epitome of patriotism, and they try to frighten the lemmings with the specter of the angry, rural, White male with a gun and an American flag who is threatening the government which provides their welfare checks.
It may be that the people in the militias are not very sophisticated and don’t have very good public relations programs, but most of them still do have a little sense of patriotism: more patriotism, at least, than die folks who take their cue from the controlled media, 7lie reason the media
and the big Jewish pressure groups like Morris Dees’s Southern Poverty Law Center and the B’nai B’rith and the Simon Wiesenthal Center hate the militias and their old-fashioned patriotism so much is that they stand in the way of the New World Order. The Jews and their fellow travelers want the American people to transfer their loyalty from America as it used to be — that is, from the White America built by our ancestors when they came here from Europe, the America we could think of as our extended family — and give that loyalty instead to their New World Order.
Of course, they understand the idea of loyalty based on blood, on kinship, on common roots. That’s the kind of loyalty they have to each other and to Israel, but they don’t want us to have that. They know how powerful it is. They hate the idea of us being united by such a sense of patriotism. They hate it and fear it. And that’s why they’ve been working so hard to undermine old-fashioned American patriotism and replace it by allegiance to a faceless, raceless, rootless, cosmopolitan New World Order — under their control, of course.
And they’re succeeding at least half way. They are destroying patrio-
tism in a substantial portion of the American public — which is why we’re seeing more people like Aldrich Ames in the news these days. They are not really succeeding, however, in building much allegiance to the New World Order. Of course, they’ve made it a fashionable idea among the liberals and the mindless trendies, and all of the politicians are giving lip service to it. But ultimately they cannot succeed in establishing loyalty to the New World Order in the place of old-fashioned, race-based patriotism, because, no matter how fashionable they make their idea of a New World Order among the liberals and the politicians, it is an unnatural idea. Liberals may gush about equality and the “brotherhood of man” and the human race being the only race to which they feel loyalty, but that is empty sophistry. Fools may let themselves be convinced that they have become raceless, cosmopolitan patriots — patriots of the New World Order — but one will find very few of them who are willing to die or even make any major sacrifice for this new pseudo-patriotism.
Real patriotism is not some artificial idea dreamed up by Jews: It is something based in our genes, an instinct, an extension of the instinct
jj|i 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 * Hillsbow * WV 24946 •
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
*
4
A Children’s “Educational” Cartoon Patriotism can be undermined by muddying and confusing the concept of nation.
for self-preservation to include our kin, our nation. One can undermine that patriotism by muddying and confusing the concept of nation, the image of nation, as has been done during the past half-century by promoting “diversity.” When the enemies of our people, with the collaboration of the treasonous politicians in Washington — politicians of the sort I publicly urged should be shot during the Vietnam war — when these enemies infiltrate tens of millions of non-White immigrants into our country and stifle any effort to halt die flood, when they subsidize the breeding of a non-White underclass in our cities with our own tax money, when they force us to accept dtese growing non-White masses into our schools and neighborhoods and workplaces, when they saturate all of the news and entertainment media with the alien faces, alien tones, and alien antics of these non-Whites and gloatingly tell us that we’d better get used to die idea of becoming a minority in our own land within the next 50 years, then, of course, the patriotism which came naturally to our people in the past becomes meaningless — and we liear
people like Aldrich Ames telling us that he sold national security information to the KGB because he needed money and he didn’t think he was doing anything worse than the politicians in Washington do every day. And I guess it’s hard to argue with him about that.
The process of social atomization, of deracination, of separating people from their roots and cutting the bonds to their natural communities so that they can become interchangeable units — human atoms — for building the New World Order is being promoted ruthlessly by the Jews and their collaborators, and the rising incidence of treason is only one of the smaller and less important consequences of this genocidal process.
1 say that this process is geno-cidal, because it will certainly destroy us as a people, as a race, as well as destroying us as a nation. People with no sense of patriotism are people unable to defend themselves collectively. They arc people who will be victimized by any group which still lias a group feeling.
One of the factors which has made it possible for the Jews and
their collaborators to undermine our patriotism is that we took it too much for granted in the past. Most of our people didn’t really think about it, analyze it, and understand its true basis. We let our idea of patriotism gradually drift from a racial idea to a geographical idea, a political idea. When our ancestors in Europe were defending their people against Huns or Moors or Mongols or Turks, they understood patriotism. Even after the rise of all of Europe’s national states, when patriotism began expressing itself as nationalism, it still had a racial — or at least an ethnic — basis. The words themselves tell us what their original meanings were. Patriotism, of course, comes from the Roman word for “father.” Patriotism is love of the fatherland, love of the land inhabited by all of the people descended from a common father. Nationalism also comes to us from the Romans, from the Latin word for “bitth.” A nation is a group of people related by birth, by blood, and nationalism is love for that people, loyalty to that people. These feelings of patriotism or nationalism are very powerful feelings, because they are natural feelings. They contributed to
@ 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
our survival over a very long period of evolution.
But when we forget the racial meaning of patriotism and think of it only in geographical or political terms, as loyalty to every person, of whatever race, color, or creed, who happens to be living within a specified geographical area at the moment, then patriotism is no longer a natural feeling, but instead becomes artificial, and consequendy much easier to subvert. And that is what has happened to people like Aldrich Ames — and is happening to more and more White Americans all the time, as the growth of “diversity" proceeds.
The cure for this disease, for this erosion of patriotism, is not difficult to find. It is obvious. It is simply to understand and assimilate our patriotism as it originally was. The cure for what is happening to America begins by returning to the natural, race-based patriotism that our ancestors had when they halted the invading Moors at the Pyrenees nearly 1300 years ago and when, a thousand years later, they defended their setriements in
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
North America against marauding Indians.
The enemies of our people have anticipated this possibility, of course. Just as Morris Dees and his Southern Poverty Law Center rail against the patriotism of the militias today, so have the Jews of the media and their collaborators been stigmatizing natural patriotism for the last 50 years. They call it “racism,” and they have intimidated most of our people into running for cover whenever they begin throwing out their accusations
r .____n
of racism.
So while the cure for what has made White America sick is not difficult to find, it is a little harder to apply. It requires a little courage. It requires a little open-mindedness. It requires a little mental independence. It requires a little moral strength. It requires enough of us with these qualities to make patriotism a vital force in the life of our country again.
I believe that we can find enough such people to do the job. It will not be easy, of course. The media bosses and all of the other people who hate
5
the real America will fight us all the way. The politicians will collaborate with them. Bill Clinton and everyone else who was demonstrating for the Viet Cong during the Vietnam war will try to stop us.
But I believe that ultimately we will prevail. I believe that natural patriotism Will prevail over the phony loyalty to the New World Order that the Jews and the trendies are promoting. The only uncertainty I have is how long it will take us and how many must die in overcoming America’s disease. Your help will make the victory come sooner and will make our casualties fewer.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Nature of Patriotism," aired on February 22, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Jewish Problem
Jews Work for Their Own Interests: Often to the Detriment of Others
I recendy discussed the ongoing Jewish extortion effort against Switzerland. Jewish organizations claimed that Swiss banks were holding onto assets deposited by wealthy Jews in the 1930s and 1940s who later perished during the Second World War and so were never able to retrieve their money. Jews demanded that this money be put into a special fund for so-called “Holocaust survivors.” More information has come to light about this Jewish extortion campaign, and I want to share it with you today, because it helps us to understand better the situation all of us are in. In the first place, let us be dear on the point that what we are talking about is not simply an effort by Jews to get back what rightfully belongs to them, it is not a matter of aging “Holocaust survivors” David and Sarah Goldblact in Miami Beach trying to get their hands on an account their late unde Abe set up in Switzer-
land before he was hauled off to Aus-chwitz in 1943 and never seen again. It is, in fact, a massive campaign of criminal extortion, complete with threats, deception, and fraud on a huge scale and criminal collusion by the Clinton government and the controlled news media.
The initial response of the Swiss to the Jewish demand for money was to state that Jewish depositors always had been treated just like all other depositors, and that Swiss bankers already had investigated their dormant accounts and looked for the rightful owners, and that there was at most a few million dollars in such accounts which might belong to relatives of Jews who had died during the war. All David and Sarah Goldblatt had to do to claim Unde Abe’s money was present evidence that it was rightfully theirs.
This, of course, wasn’t what the Jews had in mind at all, and so they
began applying pressure and making threats. Switzerland’s president at the time, Jean-Pascal Delamuraz, angrily accused the Jews of “blackmail" and “extortion” in trying to pressure Switzerland to turn money over to them without any evidence that they had a legitimate claim. But, unfortunately, Mr. Delamuraz was leaving office at the end of 1996, and his successor was more willing to pay blackmail in order to avoid trouble. Just to make sure that the Swiss got the message the Jews persuaded some of their Christian collaborators to join their campaign. Willing church leaders in Switzerland organized a public demonstration in Zurich by 15,000 churchgoers who demanded that the Swiss government and the Swiss bankers give “God’s Chosen People* whatever they wanted and stop accusing the poor, persecuted Jews of blackmail.
© J997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/year
<■)
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
6
The Swiss bankers and the Swiss politicians are a bit more hardheaded than these pale, soft, hymn-singing churchgoers, however. Arguments that God’s Chosen People deserve whatever they want because the Bible says so have litde effect on them. The real pressure was being applied to them out of the public’s eye. On January 10, 1997, billionaire Jewish liquor merchant Edgar Bronfman, head of the World Jewish Congress, met with the Swiss ambassador to the United States and threatened him that unless Switzerland coughed up $250 million immediately, the upcoming Congressional hearings by the House Banking Committee would be made as embarrassing as possible for Switzerland.
And other pressure was being applied behind the scenes. A group of New York Jews, claiming to be “Holocaust victims,” brought a class-action suit against three of Switzerland’s largest banks and petitioned the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to suspend the banking licenses of the defendant banks pending the outcome of the lawsuit. If such a petition were granted it would cause the banks to lose billions of dollars.
Israel got into the campaign when the Jewish Agency, headquartered in Jerusalem, hinted that it would call for a worldwide boycott of Swiss banks if the former Swiss president didn’t apologize for characterizing the Jewish campaign as “extortion.” The result of this threat was the apology which had been demanded. And Mr. Clinton’s State Department has been cooperating with the campaign by releasing a series of World War 11 documents, one every week or so, purporting to show that the Swiss were cozy with the Germans during the war. The release of these documents at this time is dearly a ploy calculated to embarrass Switzerland and put pressure on that country to bow to Jewish demands for more and more money.
The Swiss already have coughed up the $250 million demanded by Bronfman, and now the Jews are indicating that that is just the first payment. They are suggesting that $7 billion may be a reasonable total amount for Switzerland to pay the
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
Edgar Bronfman
Jews. And the Jews claim that they can’t understand why so many people hate them!
It is clear in this case that the Jews will go for just as much money as they figure they can extort from the Swiss, and not a shekel less. And it is the shekels which count with them, not how many more people learn to hate them as a consequence of their behavior. That’s the way it’s always been with them. Of course, in this case it’s hard to feel sorry for the Swiss, because they chose to capitulate to the extortion rather than to fight — which is what the Jews calculated they would do. In this democratic era there just don’t seem to be politicians or businessmen anywhere with principles or a sense of honor.
Another interesting example of the Jews’ characteristic of pushing ahead arrogantly with whatever they believe is advantageous to them without any concern for the hatred which their behavior generates came to my attention recendy. The great fad these days, the great media-promoted craze, is “diversity,” and Jews are to be found in every nook and cranny of the “diversity” movement. Jews produce the “diversity” propaganda, they agitate for new “diversity” legislation, and they always are pushing to cram more “diversity” down our throats. If they see any group of White people — die residents of an apartment build-ing, students in a school classroom, a sports team, a Saturday-night poker club, any all-White group - they will
try to force the group to accept three Zulus, a Chinaman, and a disabled Hispanic lesbian.
The idea, of course, is to exterminate us, to wage genocide against us, to leave us no opportunity to be among our own kind, no opportunity to feel a sense of kinship and belonging among our own people, no opportunity to organize and defend ourselves. They want to be the one and only self-conscious group on this earth able to act intelligendy in promoting their group interests, and then the world will belong to them. They’ve been pretty successful so far in their campaign against us. They’ve been successful because they’ve kept their motives moderately well concealed, and they’ve been able to persuade large segments of our own people to collaborate with them in their “diversity” campaign by convincing them that it’s the “moral” thing to do. The hymn-singers are an exam-
ple.
But sometimes their arrogance just runs away with itself and blows their cover. They put out a newsletter called Managing Diversity, which goes to all of the government agencies in Washington. It tells the bureaucrats how they can increase the amount of “diversity” in their bailiwicks and still keep things under control. It tells them how they can displace more normal, White government workers with Hmong tribesmen, wetbacks, or AIDS-infected alternate life-stylers and still keep the remaining Whites from rebelling.
In addition to this sort of practical advice, Managing Diversity also has a lot of “sensitivity training” articles in its issues:	articles which are sup-
posed to be posted for the White workers to read in order to keep them feeling guilty and cowed. An example is a front-page article in a recent issue of Managing Diversity written by Harris Sussman, PhD. Doctor Suss-man’s article is tided “What Are the Values of White People?” And then this too-clever and too-arrogant Jewish “diversity” promoter turns and bite* the very hymn-singers who have cf laborated with him and his kind eagerly. He writes:
It turns out that the white people talking about have been primarily Christ
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 . Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
7
often acting in the name of their Christian values. ... In the name of Christian values they had the Inquisition. They called native peoples "savages" who did not qualify as human beings. They set up definitions of pagans, heathens, primitives, undeveloped people which left Christians superior and dominant. They killed Jews and Gypsies in the Holocaust.
In our post-modern vocabulary, “whites" or "the white man" is all we need to say to invoke this history and experience of injustice and cruelty. When we say "white people," we mean the people who value things over people, who value money over people. We know exactly what their values are and where they lead. We have all paid a terrible price for those values.
Remember, this is a Jew telling us that we Gentiles are too interested in money. In the same article Doctor Sussman goes on to gloat over what he and his kind already have done to White people with their brainwashing campaign. He gloats over the psychological and spiritual damage his “diversity” campaign already has caused. He crows:
Many white people are uneasy with their own history. They are having a profound identity crisis. . . . This means that many white people do not think of themselves as white people.
He then describes the many ways in which guilt-stricken Whites are trying to escape from their own identity and conform to what Sussman and his fellow Jews want them to be. He writes that many confused White people are trying to “adopt the values of native peoples. Look at ecofeminism, look at holistic health, Earth Day, the Rainbow Gathering.”
Copies of Managing Diversity can be found in every government workplace in Washington. Sussman figures that the hymn-singers will let him kick them in the teeth and then will lick his toes and beg for another kick. And, unfortunately, that’s exactly what many of them will do. There’s a sort of masochistic tendency among many of them. But there are a lot of us White people who aren’t masochists, a lot of us unreconstructed White boys who don’t react to Doctor Sussman and his kind die way they want us to, a lot of us who read what he has to say and then make a pledge to ourselves that one day we’ll rid our society of his poison, no matter wiiat it takes. And, you know, there are some old-fashioned
Christians among us too, who will be more than happy to help!
These two examples of Jewish behavior — the brazen extortion of hundreds of millions of dollars from the Swiss people and the arrogant gloating about the damage they have done to us with their “diversity” campaign — these two examples lead us to a closely related subject discussed earlier — the so-called “Holocaust.” We’ve looked at various aspects of “Holocaust” propaganda in the past, and we’ve uncovered some of their little psychological tricks, such as calling anyone who doesn’t swallow the whole myth lock, stock, and barrel a “Holocaust denier.” If you question any of their numbers about how many Jews supposedly were put into gas chambers, if you question a single one of their overblown atrocity stories, then you’re a “Holocaust denier,” implying that you believe that the Germans took no defensive measures at all against the Jews during the Second World War, when, in fact, you know that the Germans did try to rid themselves of Jewish influence.
We’ve examined some of these tricks of theirs, and we’ve explored some of their specific lies about the “Holocaust,” but the question remains: Why do they do it? Why do they push the “Holocaust” business so hard? Why, 55 years after the fact, do they keep playing the same tune? Why do they demand that the American taxpayers provide free land for “Holocaust” museums for them? Why do they demand that our children in the public schools be subjected to “Holocaust” propaganda courses? They are aware that many other peoples nave gone through their own “holocausts”:	the	Armenians,
the Germans, the Ukrainians, the Russians. Why is it only the Jews who keep pushing it, only the Jews who make it the focus of their lives, the essential core of their identity?
We know the answer to diis question now. We understand that they push the “Holocaust” for two reasons:	first,	because	they	make	lots
and lots of money from it; and second, because it protects them from criticism and enables them to gel away widi the most outrageous behavior, behavior that would not be tolerated in any other people. They have just collected $250 million in cold, hard cash from the Swiss in blackmail money: money which the Swiss gave to them not because there was die slightest evidence that the Jews were
entitled to any of it, but simply to avoid a boycott. Now, the Jews are aiming for $7 billion more from the Swiss the same way. Anybody else who tried a stunt like that would end up in prison for extortion. The Swiss government wouldn’t have caved in to anybody else. If, for example, the heirs of Russian aristocrats who were butchered by Jewish Communists in the 1920s had made a similar demand on the Swiss bankers for lost assets, the Swiss would have fought them all the way. But they didn’t want to fight the Jews — they even apologized for frankly telling the Jews what they thought about the whole racket — because they knew the Jews would wrap themselves in the “Holocaust” and it would look like the Swiss were picking on the poor, innocent, defenseless, persecuted dears. They knew the Jews had them beat at the propaganda game, at the sympathy game.
That’s just one example of the cash value of the “Holocaust.” Another example is the $4 billion in American taxpayers’ money which goes to Israel every year. Germany has also riven Israel billions of dollars over the past 50 years, paid for by German taxpayers.
Or consider Doctor Sussman’s boasting about the damage the Jews’ “diversity” propaganda already has done to the self-image of many gullible White people. Who else but a Jew would have the brass for that? And where does that brass come from? It comes from a sure knowledge that he can retreat into his “victim” status if anyone calls him to account. He knows that he can invoke the “Holocaust,” that he can wrap himself in the “Holocaust," and his accusers will retreat in embarrassment. At least, the hymn-singers will retreat in embarrassment. And any harder-headed critic of the Jews or their behavior or their influence knows that he will be regarded as a bully by everyone who has been taken in bythe “Holocaust" propaganda.
The fact is that we do have a Jewish problem in America. It is by tar the biggest and most dangerous problem we have. It is worse than our crime problem, worse than our drug problem, worse than our political corruption problem, worse than our immigration problem, worse even than our race problem. Our Jewish problem, in tact, lies at the root ot nearly all ot our other problems. It
for April 1997
FREE SPEECH
we are to have a future we must sob it. We cannot let ourselves be bulk loed by the “Holocaust.” We must face the fact that, regardless of all the nice, inoffensive Jews you may know as individuals, all of the Jews who mind their own business, the Jews as a whole are destroying our society. Their policies are poison to us. And with their control of our news and entertainment media and their corol-lary control of our political system, they have a death grip on our country. We must have the courage to stand up to them and to do everything necessary to break that death grip. We must free our media and our government from their influence. We must make an example of the Sussmans and all of their collaborators. Otherwise they will destroy us as surely as they have destroyed every other society in which they were given free rein.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Jewish Problem,” aired on March 1, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Whites Participate in an American Indian Festival Or Sussman and other “diversity experts” are happy to see Whites abandon their own European culture and attempt to adopt the culture of others.
On Churchgoers
Does Admitting That Most Major Churches Are Anti-white Make One “Anti-Christian”?
After last week’s broadcast, “The Jewish Problem,” in which 1 made some unflattering comments about churchgoers — I also referred to them as “hymn-singers” — several listeners suggested that 1 am anti-Christian. Others said that even if I’m not anti-Christian I shouldn’t criticize Christians, because we Whites need to stick together, and criticizing Christians is divisive.
1 would now like to explain myself. First, let me assure you tliat 1 am not anti-Christian. 1 admire and respect many individuals from our people’s past who were Christians. And diere are some people alive today who call themselves Christians whom 1 respect. But i must confess that 1 am not very favorably disposed
toward most churchgoers today, because 1 believe that virtually all of the major Christian churches, the major denominations, have allied themselves with the enemies of our people. In saying this 1 am not being at all partisan. Although 1 was raised as a Presbyterian when I was a child, 1 am talking about the Protestant det lorninations as well as the Catholic Church when 1 say that the churches have turned against our people and allied themselves with our enemies.
And remember, 1 was talking specifically about 1 5,(XX) churchgoers in Switzerland who obediently demonstrated in favor of the Jews and against their own people when ordered to do so by their priests and ministers. 1 am sure that there are
many individual Christians, in Switzerland and elsewhere, who are just as disgusted by this behavior as I am-But the fact is that the churches themselves, virtually all of them, have become hostile to the interests of our people; for all practical purposes, they have been taken over by our enemies.
Think for a moment about what happened in South Africa a few years ago. In South Africa the percentage of churchgoers among the Whites b much higher than in the United States. Practically all of the Boers the Afrikaners, the Dutch-speaking Whites of South Africa — are church' goers. The Dutch Reformed Chun-'h is the most important institution Ul their communities. And as long **
# 199/ » National Vanguard Books » Box i 30 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $4Q/y*ar
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
9
South Africa in the 1970’s
their church remained faithful to them they remained strong and were able to deal with all outside forces. The Jews in South Africa, of course, were pushing for them to turn their country over to the Blacks, but they were able to ignore this Jewish pressure as long as their church stood with them.
But when their church turned against them and betrayed them, then they lost everything. When their ministers began saying to them, “Oh, we have looked at our Bibles again and we now realize that we made a mistake earlier, when we told you that it was good to defend yourselves against those who would destroy you. Now we realize that it is a sin for you not to turn your country over to the Blacks” — when their ministers began saying that, their will to preserve themselves collapsed.
And although the churches, fortunately, do not play as large a role in the lives of White Americans as they do in the lives of White Soutii Africans, it is quite clear that the role they do play here in the United States is a destructive one. Think about almost any major issue involving die survival
of our people, and the churches are on the wrong side of that issue: just as in Switzerland, just as in South Africa. Forced racial mixing, including interracial marriage: the churches are for it; cutting off non-White immigration:	the	churches are
against it; the destruction of White Rhodesia and White South Africa: all of the churches were for it; opposing the Jews in any way: the churches are against it.
You know, it didn’t used to be that way. The churches in America used to be a bulwark of the community. it used to be that a man or a woman could be a Christian and a churchgoer and a patriot, and a person proud of his people and their heritage and concerned about their future. Why is that no longer true?
My Christian friends tell me that it’s because the churches have been subverted, that what the churches teach today is no longer Christianity but instead is a Judaized doctrine which is opposed to real Christianity. And, of course, the ministers and priests today say just the opposite: they say just what the South African ministers said when they betrayed
their people. They say, “No, we’re preaching the real Christianity today. What used to be taught in our churches wasn’t the real Christianity, but today we understand better what real Christianity is. Real Christianity requires us to follow Jewish policies and to mix the races, etc.” And both sides will quote the Bible to prove the correctness of their position.
Now, I’m a scientist. I’m not a believer in miracles or in holy scriptures, and so I don’t get involved in arguments based on the Bible — although 1 do let myself be amused sometimes by the efforts of the new breed of preachers to make the Bible Politically Correct: to make it acceptable to the feminists, for example, by deleting all masculine pronouns, and to make the New Testament acceptable to the Jews by pretending that the account of the crucifixion, in which the Jews clearly are given the blame and in which they say, “His blood be on us and on our children, doesn’t say what it seems to say.
As I said, I’m not very interested in what various verses in the Bible
Uy mean.” To me what is significant is that the bulk of our people
(£) 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/yectr
10
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
A Catholic Priest Administers Communion to a Third World Child Not just the Catholic Church, but also virtually all major Protestant churches seem to feel it is virtuous to put the interests of non-Whites above the interests of Whites.
who called themselves Christians in the past had an essentially healthy oudook. They believed in defending themselves and their race and their way of life. They were self-sufficient, self-reliant. They believed that God looks out for those who look out for themselves. They may have been a little superstitious about some things, but they understood the important things. They understood that there is no such thing under the sun as ‘‘equality." They understood the concepts of personal honor and personal responsibility. They understood duty and discipline. They understood racial feeling and racial solidarity. And they understood that the Jews are profoundly different, profoundly alien.
Today the churches don’t understand any of those tilings, nor do the churchgoers, die hymn-singers. So when 1 criticize the churches and the churchgoers, it doesn t mean that 1 m anti-Christian, it just means that 1
am opposed to what the churches are teaching and opposed to what they are doing today.
And as far as my being divisive goes, well, I’m afraid that most of the hymn-singers are already on the other side, and pointing that fact out to people is probably more useful than divisive.
The question of what made the churches change is an interesting one, but 1 don’t want to get too deeply involved in that now, except to say that at least in part it was a matter of deliberate subversion, as my Christian friends claim. Since the Second World War the Jews have made a concentrated effort to gain control of the churches, and in many cases they have been largely successful. They have been able to get the Lutherans to denounce Luther, for example, for telling what he knew about die Jews in various of his writings.
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books * Box 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
But it’s also been a matter of simple human fallibility. Most churches are no longer led by zealots and martyrs and true believers, willing to die for the faith. They are led instead by people who are essentially businessmen, corporation executives: people more concerned with keeping their tax exemption than with doctrine, people more concerned about popularity and public relations than about theology. These people have been willing to yield to pressure, to go with the flow, to do whatever is expedient instead of what is right.
I’ll give just one example of this change. The Jews in Hollywood have been turning out a number of films which are very hostile to the Christian churches, their traditions, and doctrines; and the churches, instead of raising hell about these films and counterattacking, have just been grinning and bearing it for the most part. A fairly recent film of this sort is one called Priest, which was produced by the Miramax division of the Disney Company, an entirely Jewish operation. The Miramax division is headed by the Weinstein brothers, and Disney itself is headed by Michael Eisner. The film features two priests, one of them with a mulatto mistress and the other of them an active homosexual, whose activities are depicted quite graphically in the film, and the implication of the him is that these two priests are real Christians, whereas the Church hierarchy, which doesn’t approve of their behavior, consists of hypocrites. If the Jews had produced a film like Priest before the Second World War, the Pope would have preached a Crusade against them, and every theater which tried to show the film would have been burned by mobs of enraged Catholics. Today they just grin and bear it. They are much more concerned about pleasing the Jews and getting good press than they are about defending the faith.
But, you know, the real change, the significant change, that has taken place in the Western world, which makes it possible for me to respect many Christians of the past while having only contempt for most of today’s churchgoers, is not so much a change in doctrine or in the way
FREE SPEEC11 for April 1997
some little piece of Holy Writ is interpreted: it’s a change in values. Basically what has happened is that the values of the Christian churches have become less aristocratic and more democratic, less masculine and more feminine. These changes actually have taken place in most of our society’s institutions, not just in our churches. Back in the days when failure at a major undertaking could and often did mean starvation and death, or at least disgrace, personal values were bound to be different than they are in a time when failure simply means heading down to the welfare office and signing up for a handout. Institutions were bound to be imbued with different values in the days when the men governing those institutions were much more conscious of differences in human quality, and when die institutions themselves — cultural and educational institutions as well as the churches — were much more dosely geared to the needs and concerns and sensibilities of the most capable and successful elements in society than to the interests of the masses. When failure lost its teeth and survival became less demanding, there was a general slackening in values. And when institutions began catering more to the masses, there was again a shift in values.
Nobody really planned this shift in values. It was a consequence of changing life-styles. Not planned, but understood. We understand these things because they have happened to us before. Even the ancient Romans understood diem. They understood that ease breeds decadence, that luxury leads to softness and indiscipline, and that indiscipline leads to min.
We see these changes in our schools and universities, in our popular culture, and in our churches. Hard, strong men founded these churches. The Catholic Church was for more than 200 years led by men who risked being fed to the lions. Martin Luther was willing to risk being burned at the stake by defying the Pope and the emperor to do what he believed was right. Other Christian leaders actually were burned rather than recant their beliefs. Can you imagine any top church bureaucrat willing to do that today?
© 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Protestors With a Cross While the media are usually rather hostile to Christianity, they are happy to give favorable coverage to Christians opposed to “racism.”
And so 1 say to my Christian friends: Don’t try to shush me when I criticize today’s churchgoers and hymn-singers. You should be even more concerned about their bad behavior than I. You should strive to regain control of your churches and to give them healthy values once again, to make them once again into bulwarks of the White community, to make them once again worthy of respect from all self-respecting White men. If you cannot do that, no one else will even try.
I say to all of my friends, to all self-respecting White men and women, Christian or not: Let’s not concern ourselves with doctrinal quibbles now. Let’s not concern ourselves with whether or not our neighbor believes in virgin birth and walking on water; let’s concern ourselves with whether or not he cares about the survival of his people and is willing to do something for that survival. If he or she does care, and if he or she is willing, then he is our brodier, then she is our sister.
And lei us gather our brorfiers and our sisters to us; we need them all. We will judge our brothers and sisters, we will rank them, not by their belief or lack of belief in super-
natural things, but by their character and their values and their ability. We will rank them according to their sense of duty and responsibility, according to their personal strength and self-discipline, according to their willingness to sacrifice for the common good of our people, and according to what they actually do accomplish for our people.
In fighting against the enemies whose aim is to destroy us all, we need to put religious differences and factional differences aside. We need to feel a sense of solidarity based on our common blood and our common purpose. But this solidarity, this common purpose, does not preclude us from speaking out about those things which need to be spoken about. And when 15,000 churchgoers in Switzerland demonstrate obediendy against their own people and for the Jewish swindlers and extortionists who are stealing money from the pockets of the Swiss people, then we should speak out against them. We should separate ourselves from these renegades. We should let the world know that they are beyond the pale, that we disown them, not because of their religion, but regardless of their religion.
Speaking of the situation in Switzerland, I have been pleased to note during the past week that at least a few politicians and media people there have begun to show a little courage and a little honesty. While the church leaders and most of the top politicians and most of the mass media have either sided with the Jews, or at least have been afraid to oppose the Jews, a few have stood up for their own people. Last week one member of the Swiss parliament, Christoph Blocher, demanded to know why Swiss taxpayers should pay blackmail money to the Jews.
And it only takes a few honest, courageous men to set the tone for others. Since Christoph Blocher spoke up, others also have expressed their outrage that the Swiss people’s money should be given to the Jews in response to the Jewish extortion effort. Even a major Swiss newspaper, Blick, stood up to the jews last week and reported that the Swiss people are becoming exasperated by the
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
Jewish campaign against their country.
In this country we have no politicians with Christoph Blocher’s courage and no major newspapers with Blick’s honesty. In this country we still have politicians like New York Senator Alphonse D’Amato, who might as well be the senator from Israel, still beating the dmm for the Jews and demanding that the Swiss yield to their blackmail effort. You can be sure that Senator D’Amato is a faithful churchgoer.
1 really hope that D’Amato and his Jewish controllers succeed in
imposing a boycott on Switzerland. That will do wonders to wake up the Swiss people and persuade them to take a stand. It might even help a few people over here wake up. People need to realize that the Jews are at war against the world, the whole world, and have been for thousands of years. It’s about time to start fighting back.
In Switzerland, of course, they’ve been pushing their self-serving “Holocaust” propaganda for the past 50 years, just like they have over here and everywhere else, and 1 guess they figured they had the Swiss hypnotized to the point where they could just reach into the Swiss people’s pockets
and steal $7 billion from them without a protest. Well, we’ll see about that. But if the Swiss do wake up and defend themselves, it will be without the help of their churchgoers, and we ought to think about the implications of that for our own fight over here.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “On Churchgoers,” aired on March 8, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
How Liberals Think
Liberals Tend To Be Childish, Resentful, and Authoritarian
Every few days I get a telephone call from a newspaper or television reporter wanting an interview. The things they want to talk about change from time to time: a couple of years ago they were interested in some of the videos the sponsor of American Dissident Voices, National Vanguard Books, distributes; last summer it was the Montana Freemen; right now it’s domestic unrest and terrorism. They want to know why terrorism is on the rise, what do I think about the Oklahoma City bombing, was there a conspiracy behind that bombing, do I believe there will be more such bombings, do I think people should worry that there may be biological or chemical terror attacks in the future, what do I believe is the motivation of most terrorists, etc.
I never have pretended to be an expert on terrorism, and I tell the reporters that — but I also tell them, although no single act of terrorism is predictable, I am sure that, averaged over periods of two or three years, terrorism will continue to become more common. I tell them 1 am sure of this because the underlying causes of terrorism are on die rise.
Those underlying causes are growing hostility on the part of the government toward citizens, growing govern mental intrusion into die lives of citizens, growing resentment
O J997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/,year
Jewish-Radical 1960’s Ideal This model “yippie" is from Jerry Rubin's 1970 book Do It! In the 1960s It was trendy to be antigovernment, and even to be portrayed with guns in an anti-government context. Now that the government is much more to the Jewish controlled media's liking, this has changed.
against die government by the citizens, a growing sense of having been betrayed by the government. On top of all this is die growth of a more general sort of alienation, as reflected in
the decline in citizen participation in elections, the growth in crime and the use of drugs, and the rise in the divorce and suicide rates.
I tell the reporters that there is nc chance at all that the government will make the changes necessary to cure these problems. The government will respond to terrorism with counter-terrorism, which will provoke more terrorism. The government certainly will not take the measures necessary to decrease citizen alienation, because the greatest single cause of citizen alienation is government-promoted “diversity.”
Can you imagine the Clinton administration — or any administration, Republican or Democrat — saying, “Well, we made a mistake in pushing ‘diversity.’ We shouldn’t have forced racial mixing in the schools, the workplaces, and neighborhoods. We shouldn’t have let a flood of non-White immigrants into the country. We’ll straighten things out and restore the citizens’ faith in the government by separating the races, by sending the non-White immigrants back where they came from, and by taking other steps to clean up the mess we’ve made of things. And the first thing we’ll do is put on trial all of the corrupt politicians and bureaucrats, including those responsible for the massacre at Waco.”
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
No, the government is locked into its present course of social and racial destruction. It does not have the will to change its fundamentally destructive policies. Nothing but a total revolution can bring about the changes necessary to minimize alienation, restore the faith of White citizens in the government, and eliminate terrorism. That’s why I’m a revolutionary instead of a conservative or a reformer.
I tell the reporters all of these things, but it is clear to me in talking to them that they have no comprehension of what I’m saying. I might as well be talking to creatures from Mars as trying to explain to the average newspaper or television reporter the things that are wrong with American society today and why so many people are reacting badly to these things. To me, one of the more interesting aspects of these interviews is the opportunity to study the mentality of journalists. On the whole, they’re not really stupid. In fact, they’re probably a little brighter, on the average, than the population as a whole. But they really do have an almost identical mentality, as if they all had been cloned from a single ultra-liberal prototype.
They all understand, of course, that their Jewish bosses expect a certain slant on the reporting they do. They understand which side their bread is buttered on. They don’t want to bite the hand that feeds them. But their liberal bias goes beyond just trying to please the Jewish media bosses who employ them.
I think it*s clear that most journalists really don’t understand why American society is coming unraveled. They really don’t understand why alienation is growing, why divorce and suicide rates are up, why so many people hate and fear the government. They don’t understand, and part of the reason may be a selection process in the journalism profession. It may be that students who major in journalism in college tend to be authoritarian types. It may be that they tend to be those who are only comfortable when they are marching in ideological lockstep wirii all the rest of their profession. And it may be that die journalism professors tend to
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/
year
Kill Your Parents
“Kill your parents” was a trendy theme in the 1960’s and 1970’s: an illustration from Do It!, page 40.
weed out any students who show a streak of independence or who aren’t trendy enough. That may be part of the explanation for why journalists are so uniformly liberal.
I think, though, that another part of the explanation may be found in the phenomenon of the 1960s. The great bulk of the reporters I talk with today went through their formative period, their period of social imprinting, during the 1960s or 1970s. The 1960s and 1970s were a period of deliberately induced chaos, a period during which American society deliberately was turned upside down, a period during which all of our traditional values and standards were ridiculed relendessly by Jewish critics and arbiters of fashion. Young people on our college campuses were told that everything which had come before was old-fashioned and outdated and had to be scrapped to make way for a new order. The old way was racist and sexist and homophobic and had to go.
And these young people were the first TV generation, the first generation to be exposed more to artificial social situations and social interactions constructed by television scriptwriters than to natural social situations and interactions in the real world. They were the first generation to be socialized by Jewish television, before we had had any opportunity to develop defense mechanisms against tills sort of brainwashing. They also
were a generation raised according to Dr. Spock, a generation in which permissiveness ruled. They were kids raised without corrective punishment and with a minimum of discipline, kids raised without any reality checks. They’ve been called the “me” generation because of their narcissistic tendencies, but there’s really more to it than just selfishness and egoism.
You know, when the question of Nature versus nurture is debated, I’m nearly always to be found on the side of Mother Nature. But in trying to understand what has made today’s journalists what they are, I believe that we must look very carefully into the way they were nurtured. Our ancestors spent thousands of generations learning how to raise children so that they had a reasonable chance to become valuable and effective adults. This process of learning wasn’t done with books. It was a matter of trial and error, of failure and success, of life or death. Communities or tribes which had correct ways of raising their young survived and prospered, on the average. Tribes which had faulty methods stagnated or perished.
Within the past century some very foolish people let themselves be sold on the idea that the old ways of raising children to adulthood no longer have any relevance, because we have made so many changes in our environment. What worked back in tribal days a thousand years ago is no
Taking drugs, having sex, and doing whatever feels good was heavily promoted: Do It!, page 101.
longer any good under modem conditions we were told. Discipline and hardness and self-reliance and courage may have been necessary qualities to instill in young people back in the days when survival was much more difficult. But in the days of the welfare state and day-care centers and working mothers and MTV, permissiveness isn’t so bad, we were told. The consequences of that theory are to be seen all around us today, journalists as a class show the consequences a little more strongly, a little more dearly, than the rest of the “me* generation, because, I believe, those most corrupted by die new nurturing have been attracted to journalism. The corruption, however, has permeated much of our society today. Many others besides journalists have been infected.
1 don’t want to overemphasize the effects of nurture. It is clear that
many of our personality traits are inborn. Even many of the worst traits that we see in journalists and other members of the “me” generation are inborn traits which merely have been strengthened and brought to the fore by the disastrous nurturing environment of the 1960s and 1970s. In a healthier nurturing environment healthier traits are brought to the fore and unhealthy traits are at least partially suppressed.
In trying to understand liberals we also should keep in mind the fact that most people cannot properly be classified as real liberals or real conservatives. Most people have no real ideology of any sorts they simply parrot whatever ideas are fashionable at the moment. When the fashions change, tiieir ideas will change instantly, like a weathercock. But there are, unfortunately, plenty of real liberals, and I believe that their
@ 199/ * National Vanguard Books • Box 3)0 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
unwholesome abundance these days can best be explained as I have just oudined. And if we understand what has caused the current plague of liberals, I believe that we can understand better how their minds work -although that still is not an easy task.
In some ways it is unfortunate that I quit my university teaching when I did, in the mid 1960s. Liberalism was really starting to take hold on the campuses then, and if I had remained a physics professor for another ten years I might have been able to observe some of these psychological phenomena direcdy and figured things out much more quickly.
First, at the core of the liberal personality is an excessive degree of egoism, which in the worst cases amounts to narcissism. This excessive egoism is an infantile characteristic. Which is to say, it is a normal characteristic in infants, but in the case of healthy growth it recedes as the individual develops and matures. A permissive upbringing retards the normal process of maturing.
A second very important element in the liberal personality — an element closely related to the egoism — is resentment coupled with envy. That is why in the past liberalism has sometimes been called an ideology based on resentment. The liberal finds very distasteful the notion that some people are brighter than he is, better looking, more industrious, more righteous or moral, more cultured, more artistic, more capable, or more successful. And he regards these people who are better than he is — and because of being better, more powerful — as a threat, as an irksome constraint. This envy and resentment is in a way a carryover into adult life of the sort of resentment that a spoiled, self-indulgent child might feel toward a parent who won’t let him do exacdy what he wants to do, a parent
who won’t let him eat all the cookies
in the cookie jar or torment an animal for his amusement or “play with himself,” to use a familiar euphemism. it may express itself in infancy in the form of a tantrum. In adulthood it is expressed as a strong attrao
14
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
FREE SPEECH for April 1997
15
tion to the ideology of egalitarianism: the idea that no one is better than anyone else.
If you believe that I’m on thin ice in tracing the adult liberal’s egalitarianism back to an infantile resentment of parental restraint, let me remind you of a significant refrain in the Jews’ indoctrination of young Gentiles during the 1960s and 1970s. The refrain was “kill your parents.” In most cases this incitement to parenticide was symbolic. It meant get rid of every restraint, everything which keeps you from spending all of your time doing exacdy what you feel like doing, whether that be smoking dope, having sex, or whatever. In one of the more popular books on the campuses in those days, a book published in 1970 and tided Do It! by Jerry Rubin, one of the Jewish leaders of the Youth International Party, or the “Yippies” for short, the incitement is quite literal. Rubin wrote, “When we start playing with our private parts, our parents say, ‘Don’t do that.* The mother commits a crime against her child when she says, ‘Don’t do that.’”
The remainder of Rubin’s book is a non-stop effort to build resentment in his infantile collegiate readers with a long recitation of the “crimes” their parents, their schools, and the rest of society have committed against them by restraining them in one way or another and of the need to end this parental oppression. And, of course, Rubin manages to bring the racial angle and the Communist angle into this ideology of resentment. Blacks, he tells the kids, are your natural allies against your parents, because they have been oppressed too. They are Black niggers, and we are White niggers, Rubin says. Blacks will help you overthrow society, so that you can have everything you want. And Rubin idolizes Fidel Castro, as someone who succeeded in killing his parents. And he holds up the Communist guerrilla Che Guevara as another idol who was fighting to end parental oppression.
Rubin winds up his book with a description on the last page of how wonderful life will be for everyone after young people have gotten rid of their parents, burned their schools,
C? 1997 • National Vanguard books * Box 330 g Hillsboro * V/V 24946 * $40/
Free Store This is an illustration from Do It!, page 225.
and killed all of the police. He writes, and I quote: “There will be no more jails, courts, or police. The world will become one big commune with free food and housing, everything shared. There will be no such crime as ‘stealing’ because everything will be free. People will farm in the morning, make music in the afternoon, and have sex whenever and wherever they want to.”
And there’s more, but you get the picture. This is the image of the ideal life in an ideal world which the Jews were busy selling to young, White Americans during the 1960s and the 1970s. The ones who bought this image were the most infantile ones: that is the ones who had been raised most permissively and were most narcissistic. And the worst of these went into journalism.
Unfortunately, however, some of this Jewish poison was absorbed by millions of other young people during that period of deliberate chaos and confusion, when the old America was being trashed. That’s how the current crop of liberals was created. Most of them are in their 30s and 40s now; a few are in their 50s. Some of them went into business, some into education, some into the churches, some into government work. One couple, a man and wife, are in the White House now. Wherever they went, they continue the destruction, in a thousand ways.
It is in the journalists, though, where the poison has produced die most profound effects, that the phe-
nomenon of liberalism is easiest to study and understand, I believe. When I explain to a reporter that terrorism is the consequence of a loss of a sense of belonging and identity — when I explain that a person who feels that he is no longer a part of the society around him, that it is no longer his family and he has no responsibility to it, may strike out vio-lendy at that society — when I explain this, the reporter may smile politely and take notes, but I can see the total lack of comprehension in his eyes. He lives in a different world, a different moral universe, where words like “responsibility” and “belonging” and “identity” have no meaning — or at least, they have a totally different meaning to him than they have to me. He lives in a universe shaped by egoism and resentment, a world in which the individual, the self, is everything, and anyone who tries to impose any constraints at all on the individual is an enemy. He cannot comprehend a world in which the individual is just one part in a complex and interrelated natural order, and that for that order to be healthy the individual needs to be able to find his proper place, the place where he can be useful, and that he has a responsibility to be useful. That’s an alien concept to the journalist.
I hope that I haven’t bored you with these comments on the way a journalist’s mind works. I believe that it’s important to try to understand these things. If we’re to effectively carry out our responsibilities and make a future for our people, we have to overcome all of those who are now infected by liberalism, and then we have to restructure our society in a way which will prevent the production of a new crop of liberals — or at least, minimize the size and destructiveness of that crop. The more we know about them the more likely we are to succeed.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “How Liberals Think” aired on March 15, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Where Will She Find It?
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
In her classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where she stands a greater than one in four chance of being raped, probably by a non-White?
We are here to make sure that more and more young people like her will have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed word. We are the men and women of the National Alliance. It jjabqut time.	Ww
National Alliance ^*4$ P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
KSEYAM/FM (Wichita Falls/ Seymour, Texas, area): Every Saturday 8:30 a.m., 94.3 FM; and 10:00 a.m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas):	every	Satur-
day 10:00 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/ Decatur/Hartselle, Alabama, areas):	Every
Wednesday 6:00 a.m., 1490 and 890 AM.
WTIS (Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida, area and much of central Florida):	Every
Saturday 11:30 a.m., 1116 AM
WALE (Rl, CT, and MA): Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m., 990 AM
WBDN (Tampa/St. Petersburg and much of central Florida):	Every	Saturday
5:30 p.m,, 760 AM
WRNO:	This	shortwave
station serves North America and the world: every Saturday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7395 kHz; every Saturday at 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time and some Sundays at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7355 kHz.
The Saturday programs may be preempted by sports events. The Sunday program is used as a makeup.
Listen...
. . . every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech. along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3.00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance Box 90 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • U.S.A.
Listen to American Dissident Voices o
Our World Wide Web Sites Are:
Ml WtfWV
nnfemet.
http://www.natvan.com
and
http://www.natall.com
She Needs the Truth