FREE SPEECH • OCTOBER 1997 • VOLUME 111, NO. 10
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
The Feminization of America
Dr. William Pierce
The Giant Gold
Robbery
Dr. William Pierce

Black On White Violence
Dr. William Pierce
Contrasts
Dr. William Pierce
The Feminization of America
I always have been very fond of women — perhaps too much sometimes. I always have enjoyed their company gready. I have really worshipped feminine beauty. I have admired and respected women when they have served their purpose in the life of our people, as much as I have admired and respected men who have served their purpose.
Having said this I must tell you now that I believe that a great part of the present pathology of our society can be ascribed properly to its feminization over the past century or two, to its loss of its former masculine spirit and masculine character.
This came to mind most recendy when I saw and heard the reaction to Timothy McVeigh’s statement to the court on August 14, at the time he was sentenced to die. What McVeigh said was very relevant, very pertinent.
A Modern “Sensitized" Male
FREE SPEECH for October 1997
%
n
He said that the govemmen its citizens by its example. When the government breaks the law, then its citizens will not respect the law.
But the spectators almost uni-fbrmly were disappointed by this statement. They complained that they wanted to hear him say that he was sorry for what he had done, that he was sorry for the innocent victims of the Oklahoma City bombing. They weren't even interested in hearing about the much larger issue of government lawlessness that Mr. McVeigh raised. They only wanted an apology for the suffering of individual victims. This is a feminine attitude, this focusing on personal and individual feelings rather than on the larger, impersonal context. It is a feminine attitude, despite the fact that it was expressed by grown men.
Many other people besides me have come to similar conclusions, although not all of them have wanted to come right and out and say so, because that would be the height of Political Incorrectness, the height of “insensitivity.” As far back as the 1960s some perceptive commentators were remarking on the generally unmasculine character of the young men they encountered in our universities. Male university students even then tended to be too timid; too soft; too lacking in boldness, pride, and independence; too whiny in adversity; insufficiently willing to endure hardship or to challenge obstacles.
We have always had both soft, dependent men and hard, proud men in our society, but the commentators were comparing the relative numbers of masculine and non-masculine men they saw in our universities in the 1960s with what they had seen in the 1930s and 1940s. The 1960s, of course, were a time when the whinier men were making extraordinary efforts to remain in the universities in order to avoid military service, while many of the more masculine men were off in Vietnam, but this isn't enough to account for the change these commentators noticed.
Something written by the American historian Henry Adams back in 1913 was recendy called to my attention. Adams wrote “Our age has lost much of its ear for poetry, as it has its
Henry Adams
eye for color and line and its taste for war and worship, wine and women.” Now, Henry Adams was a man who had much more than a passing interest in such matters — he was a lifelong student of these things and also was a professor of history at Harvard back in the days when the professors at that university were expected to know what they were talking about — so we ought to pay some attention to his observation of the state of affairs in America in 1913. Incidentally, he was a member of one of America's most distinguished families. He was a great grandson of the founding father and second President of the country, John Adams, and a grandson of the sixth President, John Quincy Adams.
Henry's brother, Brooks Adams, had written a book 18 years earlier, in 1895, on the subject commented on by 1 ienry. It was The Law of Civilization and Decay, and in it Brooks made an even more general observation than that stated later by Henry. Brooks saw two types oi man: the type he described as spiritual man, typified by the farmer-warrior-poet-priest; and the type he called economic man, typified by the merchant and the bureaucrat. I believe that Brooks must have known a different
breed of priests than those I am fartli iar with. He was thinking of Marti Luther and Giordano Bruno, n Billy Graham and John Paul II.
He saw spiritual man as having the leading role in the building of, civilization, with the economic men coming out of the woodwork and assuming the dominant role after the civilization had peaked and was in the process of decay. Spiritual men ate those with vision and daring and a close connection to their roots, their spiritual sources. Economic men are those who know how to calculate the odds and evaluate an opportunity, but who have cut themselves loose from their spiritual roots and become cosmopolitans, to the extent that that offers an economic advantage. The spirit of adventure and the current of idealism run strong in spiritual men; economic men, on the other hand, are materialists. And Brooks was referring only to European men, to White men. He was not even consid-ering the Jews or Chinese.
Most of us are a mixture of the two types, and it's difficult to find examples of purely spiritual or purely economic men. Michelangelo and Charles Lindbergh tended toward the type of spiritual man. Pick almost any prominent politician today — Bill Clinton or Newt Gingrich, say — and you have a good example of economic man. Which is not to say that all eco nomic men are politicians, by any means: just that, since they are not likely to be distinguished in the arts, scholarship, or exploration, politics is where economic men are most likely to find fame.
So what does this have to do with the feminization of our society and the preponderance of whiny young men at our universities today? Actu-ally, these things are very closely interrelated. They also are related to the things which caught the attention of Henry Adams: the loss of our aesthetic sense, our warrior spirit, and our feeling for what is divine, along with our masculinity.
When I say “loss,” I am using this word only in its relative sense. Our society still has masculine elements, masculine characteristics; it's just that they are weaker now than they were 200 years ago. And 200
# \W » National Vanguard &wk • BvX I W • UilLbn*
I Vi* *
FREE SPEECH for October 1997
3
years ago there were some effeminate tendencies to be found; tendencies which today have become much more pronounced. It would be an error, I believe, to attribute this shift in balance solely to the machinations of feminists, homosexuals, or even Jews. They are responsible for the condition of our society today primarily in the sense that the pus in a ripe boil is Co be blamed for the boil. The feminists, homosexuals and Jews characterize our society in large part today — they are symptoms of the pathology afflicting our society — but we must look deeper for the cause of our decay.
Let me repeat Henry Adams' observation. He wrote: “Our age has lost much of its ear for poetry, as it has its eye for color and line and its taste for war and worship, wine and women.”
If he were writing today, he might note that the immortal lyrics of his contemporary, Tennyson, have given way in favor to the pretentious drivel of Maya Angelou; that the Western tradition in art, which had culminated in the 19th century in the paintings of Caspar David Friedrich and John Constable, has been shoved aside in the 20th century by the trash-art of Picasso, Chagall, and Pollock; that the profession of arms, which was still a more or less honorable profession in the 19th century, a profession in which gentlemen and even scholars still could be found, has become at the end of the 20th century a vocation for bureaucrats and lickspittles, for men without honor or spirit; that worship, once taken seriously even by many intelligent and sophisticated men, is now the business of Christian democrats, with their egalitarian social gospel, and of vulgarians of the Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker stripe, with their television congregations of superstitious, amen-shouting dimwits.
Can we properly describe this change noted by Henry Adams as the feminization of our society? Or should it be thought of as the replacement of aristocratic values by democratic values, a general vulgarization of standards and tastes? Actually, these two ways of looking at the change are related. But let me take Brooks Ada ms* position now and say that the
Senator Edward Kennedy Senator Kennedy, along with nearly all other politicians In the United States today, is a good example of economic man.
change can be attributed most fundamentally to the growing materialism in our society, to the replacement of spiritual values by economic values. What does that have to do with feminism or with democracy?
Actually, a great deal. In a very broad sense, aristocratic values are masculine values, and democratic values — egalitarian values — are feminine values. It is also true that, in a very broad sense, materialism is a feminine way of looking at the world. It is a way which puts emphasis on safety, security, anil comfort, and on tangible things at the expense of intangibles. It is not concerned with concepts such as honor, and very lit-
tle with beauty, tradition, and roots. It is a way with a limited horizon, with the home and hearth very much in sight, but not distant frontiers. Reverence and awe for Nature's majesty are unknown to the materialist.
As spiritual man gives way to economic man, when one historical era merges into another — as idealism gives way to materialism — society gives a freer play to the feminine spirit while it restricts the masculine spirit. Words gain over deeds; action gives way to talk. Quantity is valued over quality. All of God's children are loved equally. Pickaninnies are considered “cute” or even “adorable.” The role of the government shifts
24946 .
'year
(q) 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box I JO * Hillsboro • WV
Roald Amundsen
An explorer, inventor, and writer, Roald Amundsen is a good example of spiritual man.
from that of a father, who maintains an orderly and lawful environment in which men are free to strive for success as little or as much as suits them, to that of a mother, who wants to insure that all of her children will be supplied with whatever they need.
It is not just society which changes, not just government, not just public policy; individual attitudes and behavior also change. The way in which children are raised changes. Girls no longer are raised to be mothers and homemakers but rather to be self-indulgent careerists. Boys no longer arc raised to be strong-willed, independent, and resourceful. That requires hardness and self-denial; it requires masculine rule during the
formative years. A disciplined environment gives way to a permissive one, and so the child does not learn self-discipline. Spanking becomes a criminal offense. The child is not punished for disobedience, nor is he give n the opportunity to fail and to learn from this the penalties that the real world holds for those who are not strong enough to succeed. And so boys grow up to he whiny and ineffective young men, who believe that a plausible excuse is an acceptable sub-stitute for performance and who never can understand why the gratification they seek eludes them.
Trie move from masculine idealism to feminine materialism leads inevitably to hedonism, egoism, and
eventually narcissism. Henry Adam, also claimed that we have lost our taste for wine and women. Well, certainly not in the sense that we have become less interested in alcohol or sex. What he meant is that we have lost the keen edge of our appreciation for civilization's refinements, for the finest and most subde things in life; that our appetites have become grosser as they have become less disciplined. Our interest now is in alcohol for its ability to give us a momentary buzz, not in fine wine for its inherent artistry.
A similar consideration applies to the way in which our taste for women has changed. And is this not to be expected? It is the masculine spirit which appreciates woman, which appreciates feminine qualities, and as this spirit declines, our taste for women loses its edge and becomes coarser. We move from an age in which women were not only appreciated but also treasured and protected into an age in which homosexuality is open, tolerated, and increasingly common; Madonna is a celebrated symbol of American womanhood; and feminine beauty is a mere commodity, like soybeans or crude oil: an age in which parents dump their daughters into the multiracial cesspool that America's schools and cities have become to let them fend for themselves. In an age in which materialism and feminism are ascendant, this is the only way it can be. To attempt to make it otherwise — to attempt to decommercialize sex, for example -would be a blow against the economy, against the materialist spirit. And to elevate women again to the protected status they had in a more masculine era would be fought tooth and nail by the feminists as a limitation on women's freedom.
This subject is a little fuzzy, and I've been speaking qualitatively rather than quantitatively. For almost everything I've said, an opponent could produce a counterexample. And thats because I'm talking about very large-scale phenomena, involving many people, many institutions, and many types of interactions. Even during periods of history which I would characterize as masculine or as dominated by the im isculinc spirit, one cun hud
IcW
<Q 1997 * National Van^uaul tlooki . Ho* HO • Hillsboro . WV 24940 • $40/:y
FREE SPEECH for Octobet 1997
5
examples ot feminine tendencies and of institutions with a feminine spirit, just as one can find masculine tendencies in our society today. For example, while 1 claim that our society is becoming more effeminate today, someone can attempt to counter that by noting that masculinized women are more prominent today — female lawyers, female executives, female military officers — and one can attribute that to masculine influences in our society. I would counter that by saying that when men become less masculine, women become less feminine.
Likewise, when I relate materialism and feminism, or when I say that the rise of the economic spirit is associated with a decline in masculinity, someone else can find plenty of men with no shortage of testosterone — strong, aggressive capitalists — who are epitomes of what Brooks Adams called “economic man.”
What it really amounts to is that the masculine character, like the feminine character, has many components. The component I have emphasized today is the spiritual com-
ponent — and there are other components. It is a complex subject. But I still believe that we can meaningfully describe what has happened to our society and our civilization during the past couple of centuries as a decline in masculinity. I believe that such a description sheds a useful light on one aspect of what has happened to us. And I believe that Henry Adams' comment on our society's loss of its artistic sense and of its sense of reverence, along with its warrior spirit, is a generally true statement which has value in helping us to understand our predicament. Adams, to be sure, was a scholar of considerable depth, and he wrote a great deal of carefully reasoned material to support the one-sentence summary which I quoted.
By the way, one subject with which Henry Adams — and his brother Brooks too — were familiar in this regard was the role of the Jew in undermining civilization. Henry made a number of comments about the destructive role of the Jews in the economic and cultural aspects of European civilization. His observations on
this subject are perhaps best summed up by something he wrote in a letter to a friend in 1896: “The Jew,” he wrote, “has got into the soul . . . and wherever he . . . [that is, the Jew] goes, there must remain a taint in the blood forever.” How much worse that taint has become during the century since Henry Adams made that observation!
I apologize for being so abstract in my own comments today. But I believe that it's useful to back off every now and then and try to see the big picture, to try to develop an intuitive sort of understanding of our situation, even if it means talking about things which are by their nature somewhat fuzzy.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Feminization of America,” aired on August 23, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Giant Gold Robbery
I’ve mentioned the Jewish program of extortion against Switzerland before, but this is such a fascinating subject I just can't stay away from it. Almost every day the Jews outreach themselves in setting new records for arrogance, deceit, and greed. It's really breathtaking to watch them.
For the sake of review, the whole thing started last year when a group of Jews, looking around for a new way to milk more money from the “Holocaust,” hit on the idea of announcing that Swiss bankers were keeping money that had been deposited by Jews before or during the Second World War who had then died or been killed during the war. Like most clever swindles, mis one contained a grain of truth. Among the dormant accounts in Swiss banks there are some which did belong to Jews who died during the war. Every bank in the world accumulates dormant accounts, and some of these accounts undoubtedly were opened by Jews.
Now, the Swiss bankers have standard procedures for dealing with their depositors and for handling dormant accounts, and those procedures have nothing at all to do with the ethnicity of the depositor. Jewish depositors are and always have been treated just like everyone else. The same efforts are made to contact the owners of dormant accounts, regardless of whether those owners are Jews or Gentiles. And regardless of what you think about bankers as a whole, Swiss bankers are generally recognized as especially reputable — as bankers who are especially careful to play by the rules. That's one of the reasons Swiss banks are so highly regarded around the world.
If a group of Tibetans or Laplanders had begun raising a fuss about dormant accounts their grandfathers had opened in Swiss banks, the Swiss bankers would have dealt with them in the standard manner: the bankers
would have said to them, just show us some proof that you are the legitimate heirs of depositors who have died, and we will give you any money in the accounts, and that would have been it. No one would have expected more than that, and no special media attention would have been given to the Tibetans or Laplanders.
In feet, before this particular swindle was launched last year, Jews, along with people of just about every other race and nationality on the planet, had claimed and been awarded dormant accounts in the standard way, without any special difficulty.
But the Jews who launched this scheme weren't interested in having dormant accounts handled in the standard way. They were interested in blackmail and extortion on a grand scale. And they had reason to believe that they could get away it, while the Tibetans and Laplanders obviously
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 £ Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/year
Rainer Gut, the chairman of a Swiss bank, is lectured by Rabbi Arthur Schneier, the president of something called the "Appeal of Conscience Foundation.”
couldn't. That reason was the control of the news and entertainment media by their fellow Jews.
The first act in the scheme went like this: The schemers got together with some of their buddies in the media, and front-page articles appeared simultaneously in newspapers all over the world to the effect that Swiss bankers were unscrupulously holding onto as much as $7 billion which belonged to the heirs of so-called “Holocaust" victims. The members of the Jewish group wanted the Swiss bankers to turn this money ower to them. The Swiss responded, as one might have expected, with denials and outrage. The president of Switzerland denounced the Jewish demands as an extortion attempt. And had only Tibetans or Laplanders been involved, that's where the affair would have ended. But instead, the Jewish media shifted into second gear and counterattacked, feigning outrage themselves over the charge of extortion. How could a bunch of nice, Jewish buys possibly tie involved in extortion — especially when the magic word “Holocaust1' had been invoked to sanctify their claim for money?
Then the Suits made their first big mistake: they apologized for accusing die Jews of extortion. They explained dteir procedure for claiming
dormant accounts. They hired public relations firms. They said that there couldn't possibly be $7 billion in dormant accounts belonging to “Holocaust” victims, but that there might be some money and that they would make another examination of their dormant accounts. They announced that as a charitable act they would donate $180 million to the Jews, not from dormant accounts but from their own general funds, just for the sake of goodwill.
The Swiss didn't understand the Jewish mentality. They didn't understand that Jews aren't people you can live with. With Jews there's no compromising. The Jews correcdy viewed the Swiss apology and the Swiss offer of a charitable donation to “Holocaust” survivors as signs of weakness, and so they stepped up their demands. They got one of their step'n'fetchit Gentile politicians involved, New York Senator Alphonse D'Amato, who is chairman of the Senate Banking Committee and who has made a career out of doing favors for the Jews. And they began escalating their demands and dteir threats.
And the Swiss kept making mistakes. They kept apologizing and backtracking and trying to placate the Jews. Aside from their reputation for
honesty, the big thing Swiss bank had going for diem was their repuJJ tion for confidentiality. A per* could put his money in a Swiss account and reasonably expect that no one would ever learn about it if ^ didn't announce the fact himself. La* month, in an attempt to prove to world that they weren't hiding any Jewish money, Swiss bankers compro mised their reputation for confident, ality by publishing a list of the names of the account-holders for all 1,756 accounts they could find which had been dormant since the end of die Second World War. These accounts contained a total of approximately $40 million.
Do you think this pleased the Jews a bit? They scrutinized the list, and the first thing they noted was that fewer than ten per cent of the names on it were Jewish. They didn't say much about this, however, except in their own Jewish community newspa-pers, because it tended to deflate the fable they had concocted of the Swiss bankers hoarding the savings of many thousands of Jewish “Holocaust” victims totaling billions of dollars. Instead they began screaming that, based on a similarity of names, eight of the 1,756 accounts on the list might belong to people who had been connected in one way or another with the German government during die war. There were names on the list which were the same as or similar to a former vice-president of the Reichstag, Hitler's official photographer, the wife of a top SS official, and five others. “Oy, veh! You've been doing business with Nazis!” the Jews shrieked.
The Swiss reminded the Jews that Switzerland had been a neutral country during the war and that Swiss banks had customers from both sides of the conflict. Reminding everyone of that was another mistake for the poor Swiss. The Jews, Senator D'Amato, and the rest of the Jews' camp followers began moaning that the Swiss really had sympathized with the Germans, that they had wanted the Germans to win and had helped the German war effort by trading with Germany.
Now, that's another one of those little grains of truth in this whole fabric of lies the Jews have constructed.
tip 1997 • National Vanguard lit/ok % * Hoa \ )0 • Hilhbow • WV 24946> * $4Q/ycar
FREE SPEECH for October 1997
7
Stuart Eizenstat of the Commerce Department helps with the Jewish extortion effort by putting the weight of the U.S. government behind its demands.
A great many Swiss, especially in the German-speaking parts of the country, were pro-German. And of course, thev did carry on trade with both the Germans and their allies as well as with the allies of the Jews, such as the United States and the Soviet Union. The Jews seized on the fact of Swiss trade with the Germans and began beating the Swiss on the heads with that. The gold the Germans gave the Swiss in return for manufactured products during the war probably had been confiscated from Jews, they screamed. Some of it probably was gold teeth extracted from Jewish concentration camp victims. “Give it back! Give it back to us!” The Swiss responded by apologizing for having remained neutral during the war and by donating another $100 million to the fund for “Holocaust” victims they already had set up.
That's nowhere enough to satisfy one Jewish leader, Avraham Burg, the head of Israel's Jewish Agency. (That's actually its name: the Jewish Agency.) Burg has demanded for the Jews not only all the gold which had gone to Switzerland from Germany during the war to pay for manufactured goods, but also gold which the victorious Allies confiscated from Germany at the end of the war and have been doling out ever since to various countries occupied by the Germans during the war to compensate these countries for their wartime losses. Burg claims that this gold once belonged to Jews, and he has demanded that all of the vaults holding this gold be sealed until it is officially turned over to Jews. He has demanded — and I quote him exacdy — “that the corrupt division and distribution of Jewish spoils from World War II to world governments must immediately be ceased, and every last cent must be returned to Jewish hands.”
Isn't that interesting wording? “(E)very last cent must be returned to Jewish hands.” Not necessarily to the hands of the Jews Burg claims originally owned the gold, since it would be impossible to determine who those Jews were, but just “to Jewish hands. Just get it away from the Gentiles and put it into Jewish hands. The Jews will figure out what to do with it.
Imagine how that demand would sound if, instead of Jews, Lutherans or Baptists were claiming the gold. During the war the Soviet govern-
ment forced millions of ethnic Germans — the so-called “Volga Germans” — off the land they had owned for 150 years, since being invited to Russia by Catherine the Great, and deported them to Siberia. After the war the communist and democratic victors forced millions of other ethnic Germans off their land in eastern Germany in a huge and murderous “ethnic cleansing’ program, to which the western Allies consented.
Most of these plundered and dispossessed Germans were Lutherans, and what was stolen from them dwarfs any claim the Jews have made. Imagine the Lutheran church demanding today that it be compensated for everything that had been stolen from those plundered Germans during and after the war. We would laugh at the absurdity of the church's claim. The fact that Avraham Burg and his fellow Jews make such a claim today tells us something about their mentality, about their ethnocentricity and sense of racial solidarity, about their “us against them” attitude toward the world, as well as about their greed for gold. And it tells us about the folly of thinking of Jews as merely people with a different religion, who become anything other than Jews when they change their religion.
The reason that Avraham Burg can confidently make such demands, while no Lutheran spokesman dares do the same, is based on the fact of
Jewish media control. The Jews have spent 60 years, since before the Second World War, using the media to complain about their mistreatment by the Germans, the Poles, the Ukrainians, the Latvians, the Lithuanians, the Hungarians, the Croatians, and so on. After the war they poured such a deluge of pro-Jewish propaganda out of Hollywood that most Americans today think of Jews as being the principal victims of the Second World War. Almost no one has heard about what Jewish Communism did to the Russians, the Ukrainians, the Poles, and the other European peoples unfortunate enough to be ruled by Communists before, during, or after the Second World War. Almost no one has heard about the mass murder of millions of German civilians after the war. In feet, most Americans can't even give a good estimate of the number of Americans who died in combat during the war. But everybody has heard about the grossly inflated figure of “six million” Jews supposedly killed in gas chambers by the Germans and then converted into soap, lampshades, and gold dental fillings.
This incessant Jewish “Holocaust” propaganda has got most people, including the Swiss, buffaloed. It las given the lews a special status, a martyr status. Most people are afraid to criticize them or contradict them. But even the Swiss bankers and politicians who aren't fooled by the Jewish “Holocaust” exaggerations are afraid of the power or the Jewish media.
<g> 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/ycar
FRh> SPEECH for October 1997
y©t another Holocaust Museum is dedicated, this one in New York City. When Whites are kept tKaBowing in guilt about the “Holocaust" they are more likely to go along with Jewish demands.
They understand that the U.S. gov* eminent is practically under the Jews' control. They understand that American politicians who are in the Jews' pockets, like Senator D'Amato, can cause them a lot of trouble. They understand that the Jews have enough political power through their media control to persuade the U. S. government to go along with a boycott of Switzerland if they demand one. And so instead of standing up to the lews the Swiss keep on apologizing ana trying to bury the Jewish blackmailers off. And the Jews continue to see this as weakness, and so they keep on pushing. They keep on demanding more.
And, hey, don't think that'* because the Jews arc greedy! They're not really interested in the gold, but only in the principle of the thing, they astute us. Israel Singer, the secretary of the World Jewish Congress, one of the group* applying pressure to the Swiss, has announced, “This if not about money. If is about justice," Right.
This business id demanding reparation* for dungs which allegedly Imp-pend 50 or 60 years ago doe# bring up some interesting principle*. The descendants of our black slaves in
this country are a bit slower at spotting opportunities than the Jews are, but even they can recognize a profitable principle when they see one. They're beginning to talk about the reparations that White people owe them for slavery. They might want to add up all of the man-hours their slave ancestors worked, multiply that by, say, $5 an hour, add interest at six per cent since the Emancipation Proclamation of 1863, and present us with the bill. Why not7
And what about the Indians and the real estate they can claim we owe them for.7 Why should it be only the Jews who can get away with making such claims — and with collecting on them.7 They've already extorted $55 billion in reparations from the German people since 1948. Suppose the German* started figuring up what is owed to them.7 Or suppose the Scots presented a hill to the English? Or •upixssc the English presented a bill to tiie people of Normandy? Why is it only the Jews who arc entitled to go hack into history and add up their carefully nursed grievance* and present a bill to the rest of the world?
The latest concession they've hlai kmailed the Swiss into is a $5 bil-
lion so-called “solidarity fond” to be used to compensate “victims of poy. erty, war, and genocide.” A panel, a majority of whose members are Jews, is to decide how to dole out this money after it is collected from the Swiss people. If the Swiss are prompt in coughing up this money, then the Jews say they will not organize an international boycott of Switzerland.
Fortunately for the Swiss, they have at least one patriot among their politicians. He is a 56-yearold industrialist and member of the Swiss parliament, Christoph Blocher, and he is telling the Swiss people that they ought not to give in to this blackmail. He is telling his people that they owe nothing to the Jews and they ought to pay them nothing. And he is gaining strong support from Swiss voters. We'll see what happens next year, when the Swiss vote on whether or not to let the Jews take them to the cleaners for another $5 billion.
So far the Jews have been so pleased with the way the Swiss are caving in to their demands for gold that they're talking about similar claims against Sweden, Portugal, Spain, and Turkey. Hey, why not7 When you've got the whole world buffaloed with “Holocaust” baloney, why not go for everything you can get7
If you really want to get some insight into the Jewish mentality, go to any big library — or to the Internet — and start collecting news clippings on these Jewish claims for reparations. Study the details. Try to see the big picture. Make some of the comparisons I've hinted at today: comparisons of the way the Jews look at their history to the way in which other races, other nations, look at their own histories. It will amaze you. It will take your breath away. And it will convince you that it's time for the world to do something about getting this Jewish monkey off its back.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Giant Gold Robbery,” aired on August 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard hooks for $12.95 postpaid.
HI J V97 - Nauvmtl Vun$uu»d Hookt • kkt* HO • HiUsboiv • WV 2*J9*#o • MO yon
FREE SPEECH for October 1997
9
Black-on-White Crime
Everyone has heard about the three White teenagers in Michigan who hopped a freight train, accidentally got off in a Black neighborhood in the city of Flint, and were attacked by a gang of Blacks while trying to find a telephone so they could call their parents. The Blacks beat and robbea all three White youngsters, stripped and raped the White girl, then shot all three of the young Whites in the head, execution style, leaving them for dead. One of them, a 14-year-oid boy, did in fact die from his gunshot wound. The other two, a 15-year-old bov and the 14-year-old girl who had been beaten, stripped, and raped, played dead after being shot, and eventually they escaped.
All of this happened back in July, and at first I had no plans to say anything about it. After all, it's the sort of thing that happens all the time in this wonderful, multicultural America we live in. Everyone understands that and accepts it, so it didn't seem like a very promising topic. In fact, I was surprised by the amount of media coverage the crime received. It was nowhere near as much coverage as there would have been if a group of Whites had attacked three young Blacks, of course, but still it was much more coverage than these Black-on-White racial crimes ordinarily receive from the controlled media. I think what caught the attention of the media in this case was the fact that there were three victims. Just one White girl being gang-raped or one White boy being murdered would have received only momentary and stricdy local notice.
More than that, though, was the way in which the crime happened: it's the sort of thing which most White Americans — certainly those who live in large cities and drive to work every day — have nightmares about: accidentally taking the wrong freeway exit while coming home at night and ending up in a Black neighborhood. That nightmare scene was the key element in Tom Wolfe's best-selling novel, Bonfire of the Vanities.
I had no plans to comment on thiils racial crime until someone sent me an account of it from the July 21 issue of Time magazine. The first thing that caught my attention in this Time article was the headline. It said:
. , three white teens are allegedly
assaulted by a group of Black youths.” “Allegedly.” I think it is reasonable to use that word in talking about a specific suspect who, prior to his trial and conviction, is only “alleged” to be guilty. In the case at hand, however, there was no question at all that an assault had taken place. There were three White teenagers with bullets in their heads, one of them dead and one of them raped, and the shooting and raping had taken place in an all-Black area. There was no question at all about the race of their assailants. The use of the word “allegedly” in the Time story clearly was an indication of unwillingness to accept the Politically Incorrect facts of the Black-on-White assault, and it set the tone for the whole article.
Suppose the attackers had been White and the victims Black. Do you believe that Time would have used the word “allegedly”?
Other things in the Time story also caught my attention. The three White victims are in several ways typical of the worst elements of White society today. They are the type who wear baseball caps backward with baggy shorts and hang around shopping malls with nothing useful to do except swap cards with photos of
Four of the suspects in the Flint, Michigan, attack.
Black basketball players. Everything they know they have learned from watching television: mosdy MTV. And their parents seem to be no better. Their parents certainly did nothing to prepare them for life in multicultural America. The kids had no idea of the danger they were in when they got off the train in a Black neighborhood. Their Politically Correct parents had never warned them.
The most sickening part of the Time story is the revelation that the mother of the murdered White boy has two other children — by two Black fathers. Time considers this ironic: that this good woman, who has tried so hard to be a true multiculturalist, a true Clintonista, and has kept her son free of any sense of his Whiteness, has lost him to a group of misguided Black youths.
I'm reminded of Nicole Brown Simpson, whose parents never warned her either about Blacks — who, in fact, seem to be proud that they raised her without any sense of racial identity. If only all of the White victims of Black savagery who are raped and murdered in this country every year could be those who are lost to our race anyway!
Unfortunately, that's not the case. It is depressing contemplating the situation of White Americans today. And it doesn't do any good to rage at their lack of courage or their lack of understanding or even to promise ourselves that when the revolution comes we'll roast everyone connected with Time magazine over a bonfire. We'll never have a chance to build that bonfire and roast any of the deceivers and betrayers of our people unless we are able to help White Americans improve their situation first. And I've always believed that knowing the truth, knowing the facts, is the way for anyone to begin improving his situation. So let's look at some facts: some racial facts.
And let's not begin in some back-woodsy backwater like Flint, Michigan, but instead in the national showplace of Clintonism and multi-culturalism, the world center of diversity and affirmative action:
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books » Box 1,30 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/yeur
10
Washington, DC. I've never been to Flint, but 1 lived in Washington for 18 years. I still have the stench of the place in my nostrils. Washington is 70 per cent Black. Some of its inhabitants like to refer to it as “Chocolate City.” Some Whites in the suburbs call it “Zoo City.” One of the reasons there are so many Blacks in Washington is that it is ground zero for equality and the New World Order. It is a good city for them, with lots of gravy and chitlins. In the first place die Federal government subsidizes the operation of the city to the tune of about a million dollars a day, because it can't afford to let the nation's capital sink back into the jungle and begin looking like Kinshasa or Port-au-Prince. In other words, we taxpayers around the country are paying for the upkeep of the place. The Washington city government is almost entirely Black, with a Black school officials, a Black mayor, and so on. The city's schools are staffed with Black teachers and Black principals: all sorts of role models for young Blacks. Furthermore, the Federal government, which is by far the largest employer in the area, is heavily overloaded with Black employees. There's an abundance of undemanding jobs with high salaries and lots of benefits. And on top of that the welfare is good in Washington. Handouts are easily available for everyone, because the government
FREE SPEECH for October 1997
doesn't want people sleeping in empty shipping cartons on the sidewalk in front of the White House. Makes a bad impression on foreign tourists.
So anyway, with all of this benevolence and special attention from the Great White Father, maybe you'd expect our colored brothers in Washington to be on their best behavior. Maybe you'd be expecting them to want to prove to the world that they really are our equals. Well, the truth of the matter is that they behave in Washington about the same way they behave in Flint — or in Kinshasa and Port-au-Prince. Fifty per cent of the Black males in the District of Columbia between the ages of 18 and 35 are currently entangled in the criminal justice system. That is, they are in jail, they are out on bond awaiting trial on criminal charges, there is an arrest warrant out for them and the police are trying to find them, or they are on parole or probation after being convicted of a criminal offense. Fifty per cent. One out of every two.
And that does not include those who were formerly entangled in the criminal justice system: that is, those who already have served their sentences for a criminal offense and no longer are on probation — like the mayor, Marion Barry, for example, who was convicted on a crack cocaine charge and finished serving his time several years ago. The fifty per cent
figure I just gave you came from a study of the crime problem in Washington which was published in the Washington Post on August 26, 1997.
I don't have an exact figure for those who, like the mayor, are former offenders without current charges against them. It is reasonable to say, though, that most of the Black males between the ages of 18 and 35 you will meet on the streets of Washington, DC, are felons, with either current charges against them or previous criminal records. You wander into the wrong neighborhood in Washington — which is just about any neighborhood outside of the heavily policed government area or the White area in the northwestern part of the city -and you're likely to end up like those clueless White teenagers in Michigan, whose parents never warned them that Blacks really aren't the same as Whites.
Most of the White people who must spend any amount of time in Washington — and those are mostly White employees of the Federal government — aren't clueless. They warn each other about the reality of living and working in Washington. Of course, the warnings are usually given in a sneaky sort of way, without actually talking about race. Code words are used, because the Whites in Washington are at least as Politically Correct as Whites in the rest of the country. They feel obliged to maintain the pretense that they believe in equality, that they believe Blacks are no more dangerous or inclined to criminal behavior than anyone else. They want you to know that they believe that if a neighborhood is dangerous, it is only because of poverty. It certainly has nothing to do with race. Crime is an economic problem, not a racial problem, they will tell you.
They feel obliged to maintain this pretense, but they also want to stay alive. So they use code words and code phrases to warn each other. And then every once in a while the truth actually will slip out in one of the principal organs of Political Correctness, such as the Washington Post.
There are other clues as to the fundamental and profound differences between Blacks and Whites besides the vastly greater criminality
The female victim of the attack (facing away from camera) and the mother of the boy who was killed (facing the camera).
& 1997 . National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yai
FREE SPEECH for October 1997
of Blacks. There are the innate differences in intelligence, in problem-solving ability. I've talked about these intellectual differences on other programs Again* like criminality, the difference in intelligence is something which is widely recognized by knowledgeable Whites, but very rarely talked about, because it is Politically Incorrect to do so.
Occupational patterns provide another due. Originally, nearly all of the Blacks in America were engaged in agricultural work — by necessity rather than choice, of course. They were plantation slaves. After the abolition of slavery, most Blacks initially remained in agricultural work, some as sharecroppers and some with small farms, in any event, the percentage of Blacks engaged in form work was higher than the percentage of Whites in farm work. Over the past 130 years, however, that situation has changed radically. The change has been espedally rapid since the Second World War, but it really began when government welfare programs became generally available. Blacks left the land and moved to the cities in far larger numbers than Whites. Today Blacks constitute 13 per cent of the overall population of the United States, but less than one per cent of the farmers. Less than one per cent!
Both Whites and Blacks have been moving from farms to cities since the Civil War, but proportionately Blacks have flocked to the cities much more than Whites. Why is that? Can it be blamed on White racism? Or does it have something to do with the demands on farmers in general, demands inherent in the nature of the work? 1 mean, how much crack cocaine can you smoke and still get the crops planted and harvested on time?
I’m certain that if Time magazine ever does an article on the disappearance of Blade farmers in the United States they'll blame it on White racism. And I must admit, I haven't spent a lot of time trying to analyze tnis particular problem myself. I've Just been struck by the statistic itself — fewer than one percent of the farmers m the United States are Black — without undertaking a big research project to discover why that is so. To me it's just another due that Blacks and Whites really are different. The statistics on the race of farmers in the
United States, by the way, are available from the Department of Agriculture in Washington. If there's one thing our government knows how to do, it is collect statistics: employment statistics as well as crime statistics.
White people ought to pay more attention to these statistics — to these racial facts — and less attention to the people at Time magazine and elsewhere who try to persuade us that these statistics don't mean anything, because we're really all the same, all equal. Time would have us believe that we ought not to warn our children to stay away from Blacks and not wander around Black neighborhoods. Time would have us believe that Nicole Brown's parents raised her correcdy when they let her date Black football players as a teenager. Time would have us believe that the mother of the 14-year-old White boy who was murdered in Flint has behaved admirably by having two mongrel children by Black fathers, in addition to her now dead White child. That sort of behavior provides the diverse, multicultural home environment that we all need in order to grow up without racial bias, Time hints.
Sometimes I am as angry at these Politically Correct White parents, who send their children out into this jungle world we live in without any of the knowledge they need in order to survive — as I am at the people at Time magazine who set the ideological tone for the parents. The difference is that the people who own Time magazine and MTV and the New York Times and the Washington Post and the rest of the fashion-setting media, spread their poison deliberately, with malice aforethought. They are mosdy Jews, working in concert. Their aim is the total moral disarmament of White Americans. They want to make it impossible for us to defend ourselves racially. There is no question about what needs to be done about them.
I try to be more understanding with the fashion-conscious White parents who follow the Jewish media line. After all, most of our people are born with an innate need to be fashionable and without the sense of discrimination to be able to distinguish healthy fashions from unhealthy fashions. It is not bad that people feel a
need to be fashionable. It is a part of the feminine spirit that we are born with. What is unfortunate is that in this era that feminine spirit is not balanced by a masculine spirit which discriminates between what is healthy and what is unhealthy, between what is beneficial to our people and what is hostile. In this era the feminine spirit is ascendant, and it is a spirit which tells us not to resist those who want to destroy us. It is a spirit which in the case of racial conflict tells us to yield, to surrender, to roll over on our backs and bare our throats to our enemies in the hope that they will spare us.
The fashionable, feminine line that these parents have learned from the Jewish media is that we are living in a world which is becoming increasingly less White, that soon White people will be a minority even in the United States, and that instead of doing whatever is necessary to reverse that situation and remain masters in our own land we should try to accommodate ourselves to it; we should try to ingratiate ourselves with non-Whites in the hope that they will tolerate us. Some of these feminized, fashion-conscious parents go so far as to welcome miscegenation: if we are willing to interbreed with the descendants of our slaves, these parents think, then surely they will forgive us for our Whiteness and let us live. And so they fill the minds of their own children with these poisonous ideas and then send them out into the jungle, the way Nicole Brown Simpson's parents did and the way the parents of those three White children in Michigan did,
I try not to be angry at fools and instead to save my anger for those who are consciously evil. In the long run foolishness will be its own punishment, but in the meantime it also will take a lot of innocent young people down with it.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Time of the Bonfire," aired on September 6, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books tor $12.95 postpaid.
(& 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 3 30 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $4Q/year
Some of tho Mars Toam
© 1997 • Notional Vanguard Book» • Box 330 • HilB^oro • WV 2494b	$4(
year
12
I've been looking again at some of the photographs which have come bade from the recent Mars landing. It's really amazing stuff. I used to work at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, where much of this latest Mars mission was planned. Seeing what the folks there have accomplished made me proud to have been associated with the place.
And I’ve been thinking about some of the contrasts in our society today. In fundamental scientific achievements we've been doing quite well — perhaps not as well as in the 19th century, but still we've really increased our understanding of the world quite a bit. And in the technological applications of our science we've never done better. From computers to pharmaceuticals to space ships we've made huge progress, progress of which we have every right to be proud. We can do astounding things when we really try.
Now contrast the technological achievements of our society with its political highlights. Contrast the Mars mission with the election of Bill Clinton to the White House — twice. It's breathtaking, isn't it7 Or contrast the abilities and the achievements of the relative handful of people who made our Mars mission possible with the sort of mob mentality we saw in the mass reaction to Princess Diana's death. Diana was a woman without any outstanding qualities at all. She was ordinary to the point of vulgarity. But of course when she was married to die Prince of Wales, and even after
FREE SPEECH for October 1997
Contrasts
they separated, she was the focus of attention of the media fashion-mongers. Undoubtedly it was her ordinariness, combined with the celebrity status bestowed on her by the media, which made so many very ordinary people identify with her. She was what they all dreamed of being: a twit with a vacant smile, lots of money, always dressed in the latest fashion, and invited to all of the most glamorous parties. The response to her death was an example of what I call “the Elvis phenomenon.”
Everyone ought to be entided to choose his own heroes, his own idols, no matter how inane. But this contrast between outstanding intellectual achievement by a few on the one hand and the shocking degree of corruption associated with mass politics and the degree of vulgarity and inanity associated with mass idol worship on the other hand is only one of the really striking contrasts in our society today.
The same educational system which turned out the people who designed the Mars mission is turning out millions of people today who not only haven't a clue about physics, chemistry, or mathematics, but who also haven't a clue about the history of our people — or even about the proper use of our language. And I'm talking about university graduates. Why bother to take courses in the language of Shakespeare and Milton when one can graduate instead by taking courses in subjects like “California Wines” or “Park Science” or
“Black Hair As Culture and History”7 Believe it or not, Texas A & M University actually has a “Department of Park Sciences and Rural Sociology.” And Stanford University, which used to be a first-class institution before being stricken with a fatal attack of democracy, actually offers a course tided “Black Hair As Culture and History.”
Distressing as this vulgarization of our educational system is to me, it is something we can live with, for a while, at least, because it still is possible for a few students to get an excellent education in America — as the team at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory who designed the Mars mission have proved. And I don't believe that anyone should be prevented from taking courses in California wines or “park science” or astrology and pyramid power, if he wants to waste his time on those things. But there are other consequences of mass democracy in America that will kill us very soon.
Two years ago I visited Pasadena, where I had been a physics student at Caltech long ago, before I worked in the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. The Caltech campus is still a pleasant and civilized place, and students there still have an opportunity to get the best possible education. Democracy has done a lot less damage to Caltech than it has to other schools. But one can drive southwest on the freeway from Pasadena for just a few minutes and find oneself in the truly horrifying Third World jungle that is south-central Los Angeles.
FREE SPEECH for October 1997
13
There are similar situations all over the United States. We can build hydrogen bombs, we can send robots to Mars, we can discover the most closely guarded secrets of life or of the atom, but we cannot maintain even a semblance of civilization in our cities. Many of our cities still contain enormously expensive glass-and-steel towers, and all sorts of financial power flows through them, and men in expensive suits, carrying briefcases, eat in their restaurants and ride in taxis, but they are not civilized places, just look at the swarms of sub-humanity on the sidewalks and in the bus and train stations. If the police presence is removed for a day, the jungle will reassert itself. What a contrast with the Caltech campus in Pasadena!
This problem with our cities isn't just something we haven't quite finished solving yet because we've been too busy with Mars missions and other things. The problem with our cities is something which we created ourselves fairly recendy, and it is a problem which we are making worse through our own efforts. We are importing millions more subhumans from the Third World into our cities every year. It's not that we don't know how to solve the problem of our cities, don't have the power to solve the problem, or even that we aren't worried about the problem. Many of us are simply afraid to address this problem in any realistic way. We are afraid to talk about the problem honesdy.
We build supercomputers which can simulate the enormously complex phenomena inside a hurricane. We build radiotelescopes which scan our galaxy for signs of extraterrestrial intelligence. But we tolerate a system which installs a creature like Bill Clinton in the White House, a system which gives us the corrupt, treasonous, deceitful gang of criminals we have making our laws! This is a system based on the notion that the subhumans swarming in south-central Los Angeles are the political equals of the people at Caltech. The Princess Di funs and the Elvis fans have as much individual power at the ballot \mjx as do die Mars mission designers at the fit Propulsion Laboratory, and collectively die former swamp the latter into complete insignificance. What
a contrast between our science and our politics!
This is one of those things which will kill us. We have a government which promotes an immigration policy, an education policy, a welfare policy, employment policy, and a housing policy all of which hasten the destruction of our civilization. We have a government which is working as hard as it can to increase the percentage of non-Whites in our society, a government which is promoting policies which will make us a minority in America in the coming century. We stick our heads out of our laboratories, libraries, or offices for a moment, and we see this destructive insanity, this lethal insanity, all around us, and we say nothing; we do nothing. We just go back to work planning the next Mars mission.
There's nobody who's a bigger enthusiast for Mars missions than I am. But we really do need to address this problem of what the government and the media are doing to our world. We really do need to worry about the consequences of the Elvis phenomenon, about the consequences of the fact that the growing masses of mindless, trendy couch potatoes have swamped our political system. If we don't do something about it very soon, there won't be many more Mars missions before the jungle takes over even places like the Caltech campus and forever puts an end to our dreams of exploring the universe.
Let's set aside the pretensions of Political Correctness for a moment. Let's clear our heads of all of this baloney about equality, democracy, and diversity. Let's try to understand what handing our world over to subhumans will really mean. It certainly won't mean that we will be seeing more of the slick, polished Blacks of the sort you see in TV commercials. No, we will be seeing more of the sort of creatures you see on the streets of Los Angeles, New York, or Washington. It will be more like what you see in any Third World country. It will mean witchcraft, beastliness, rape, and murder. It will mean a descent back into the jungle.
1 have in front of me a news story from Reuters news agency about riots and lynch mobs in West Africa. There's a witchcraft craze sweeping
An Example of the Princess Diana Hysteria
the area which has resulted in hundreds of Blacks being lynched, being beaten or burned to death, in recent weeks because they were suspected of being sorcerers. In the current craze sorcerers are said to be able to cause a man's penis to shrink or even to disappear just with a handshake. Those suspected of being penis thieves, or penis shrinkers, are being murdered in the most gruesome ways on the streets of the capital cities of Senegal, Ghana, and the Ivory Coast. There's been a similar surge in killings of suspected witches and sorcerers in South Africa since that country was turned over to Black rule.
When I think about what is happening demographlcally in the United States today, I am reminded of what happened in Haiti a little over 200 years ago. 1 laiti used to be the most prosperous part of the New World, It
(& 19V7 * Naiiotial Vanguard Hooks # Hox DO « Hillsboro * V/V
'year
gotten all of Nature's hard lessons -including the lesson that when yoi are faced with a mortal threat yoi must do something about it. Wher you recognize a mortal enemy yoi must kill him before he kills you.
Today we have some peopl< whose minds are as good as those o our best people 200 or 300 years ago But we've lost some of our ability tt face reality and deal with it. We hav< a lot of people who have let them selves be convinced that the differeno between the Caltech campus ant south-central Los Angeles is basec only on economics and culture, tha genes have nothing to do with it, tha race has nothing to do with it W< have people who have let themselvei be persuaded that our manned explo ration of the universe will be done ir a Politically Correct way, as it's por trayed in Star Trek, with explorers o every race, sex, and sexual orientation We’re ail the same, really, we’re al equal.
But we still have some people with a little better grip on reality that that. We still have some people whc not only can design rockets anc telemetry systems, but who also car understand that we must do something about the jungle which is encroaching on our civilization. We still have people who can understand that we must keep the Elvis phenome non from encompassing all of us.
Our situation in America today is a bit like that of the Frenchmen in Haiti toward the end of the 18th century. Some of them were determined to be Politically Correct and go with the policy of liberty, equality, and brotherhood. And some of them were determined to keep their grip on reality.
Unfortunately for everyone, Political Correctness prevailed. I wonder if part of the problem back then was that the realists didn't want to be offensive, they didn't want to be rude. Perhaps they hoped that the Politically Correct faction would regain its sanity at the last moment, and there wouldn't be any necessity for rudeness. I believe that that's what accounts for some of the hesitation we see today, for the failure of the sane faction at places like Caltech to speak out.
The controlled media would like us to believe that the non-Whites in our future will look like this ...
was the jewel of the Caribbean and the pride of France's colonial empire. Great mansions dotted the countryside, and the social life in Haiti's towns rivaled that in the cities of France. Then the democracy craze hit France, and the madness also infected many of the Frenchmen in Haiti. Liberty, equality, and brotherhood were to be applied even to the Black plantation workers who had been brought to Haiti from Africa. That was the Politically Correct thing, and Political Correctness had deranged just enough of Haiti's French population so that the population as a whole was not able to put up any sort of solid front against the madness. They sat in their dubs, their drawing rooms, and their libraries, sipped their wine, and observed what was happening around them in Haiti as the Blacks were declared “equals” and “brothers.” They discussed the situation, but they couldn't quite bring themselves to do anything about it. Then the massacres started, and it was too late. And so all of the Frenchmen, and the women, and the children were slaughtered, most of them in ways too horrible to describe. And the books from their libraries and the paintings, tapestries, and sculptures from dieir town houses and their plantation manors
became trinkets and baubles for the Black plantation workers. The subhu-mans had Haiti all to themselves, and that's the way it has been ever since.
Now, I'm sure it won't happen exacdy that way in the United States. The details certainly will be different. Maybe we won't all be slaughtered in the streets, as in Haiti. Maybe our scientists won't be dragged from their laboratories and burned as sorcerers. Maybe we won't even become a nation of mulattos right away. Maybe for a while it will only be democracy, equality and a gradually darkening population of Elvis worshippers. But the result in the end will be the same: a return to the jungle. And no more Mars missions, ever.
In the past our people were able to dream of new worlds and to apply their minds to understanding this world without letting themselves become infected by any sort of egalitarian lunacy. They could plot the courses of the planets through the sky or design steam engines without losing their grip on reality. They could understand the difference between civilization and savagery. 1 think it's because they didn't grow up as soft, as permissively, as far away from their roots as we do today. They stayed a little: closer to Nature. They hadn't for-
© 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Bax 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ynii
FREE SPEECH for October 1997
Because of that belief I'm going to throw politeness and inoffensiveness to the winds. I'm going to be just as rude and crude as I know how, in the hope that some of the people engaged in planning the next Mars mission will snap out of their trance, along with some of the other people who also represent what is creative and progressive in our civilization. The stark truth of the matter is this: Those of us who are still sane, those of us who still have a firm grip on reality, those of us who believe that our civilization ought to be preserved, those of us who believe that we ought to do whatever we can do to keep our race from becoming extinct, have an obligation to do more than just observe what's happening from our laboratories and our offices.
We have the obligation to awaken all the others we can awaken. Then we have an obligation to halt the destructive process which is carrying our people and our civilization toward extinction. We have an obligation to change a government which promotes the policies now being promoted in Washington. We have an obligation to put an end to the use of the mass media for our destruction. We have an obligation to combat the lunatic ideology of egalitarianism which has
... not like this.
infected the minds of so many of our people. And we have an obligation, if we are successful in overcoming those who are trying to destroy our civilization — we have an obligation to raise the next generation of our people to be saner, to have a better grip on reality, than this generation.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Contrasts,” aired on September 13, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe!
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription toFree Speech.
I Your subscription helps to keep Americ Dissident Voices on the ai
Name:	  Mail	to:
Address:


National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Free Speech Bulk Rates
1	copy	$4.00
10	copies	$10.00
25	copies	$18.75
100	copies	$50.00
All prices include postage.
Editor’s Note:
This issue of Free Speech is late because of cor puter problems. I keep the computer tiles I use k Free Speech on a jaz disc. My jaz drive stopped wor! ing making these files inaccessible. I now have a nd computer with an operating jaz drive.
(O 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 3 30
toro • WV 24946 . $40,
year
A New Consciousness
Without a new consciousness the White race will not survive.
For far too long, we of European descent have allowed clever aliens to rob us of our identity and our history and to impose on us an alien morality in which the highest virtue is to hate our own race.
The time has come for a courageous rethinking of all our values — for a new morality for White people, based firmly on Nature’s laws and on the highest ideals of our Race-soul: a morality in which the first principle is the survival and advancement of our race — a principle to which all other things are subordinate.
Let us build a new and brighter tomorrow for our people. Join with us, the men and women of the National Alliance, in this, the greatest eayse of all time.
For $2 we will send you our irfformatiye book and ape catalog. For $1 we will send you publication 534, What Is The National Alliance, which explains our program in detail. Write to:	cp\
National Alliance RO. Bojf-90 .fe Hillsboro, WV 2494^
Gv
Listen to American Dissident Voices oifcijffe Internet. Our World Wide Web Sites Are;
http://www.natvan.c6m
and
http://www.natall.com
Listen...
. . . every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3.00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance Box 901 Hillsboro I WV 24946 I EH
KNRY (Monterey, California): every Tuesday and Thursday night at 9:30p.m., 1240 AM.
KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/ Seymour, Texas, area): Every Saturday 8:30 a.m., 94.3 FM; and 10:00 a.m.( 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas): every Saturday 10:30 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/ Decatur/Harteefle, Alabama, areas):	Every
Wednesday 9:00	a.m.,
1490 and 890 AM.
WALE (Rl, CT, and MA): Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m., 990 AM.
WTAN (Tampa Bay Area, Florida): Every Wednesday 6:30 p.m., 1340 AM
WRNO: This shortwave station serves North America and the world: every Saturday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 15420 kHz; every Saturday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time and some 8undays at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7365 kHz. (When 15420 kHz is not on the air, try 7395 kHz instead.)
The Saturday programs may be preempted By sports events. The Sunday program is used as a makeup.