FREE SPEECH • AUGUST 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. VIII
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.

IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
jj|

m

wmm
*****" rWVtm
, and
Dr. William Pierce T|
#
m
White Fu®*e
Dr.

The Romanovs, Child Pom, and “Hate” Laws
Dr. William Pierce !
Media Myths
, Dr, William Pierce
Superman, Volkswagen, and Lazar Kaganovich
I have a number of news reports on my desk which have come to me from around the world during the past couple of weeks. These reports deal with various events in a half-dozen countries, but they all have one element in common: organized Jewish groups with their hands out, demanding money, demanding sympathy, demanding the punishment of their critics. Some of these reports reveal an arrogance, greed, and pushiness so extreme as to be almost comical. For example, a couple of recent issues of “Superman” comics — issues 81 and 82, to be specific — had Superman fighting the Germans in the Warsaw ghetto back in the 1940s. The Germans were the bad guys, and the residents of
One might think that the Jews would be happy to have a major fictional hero of children endorse their propaganda so heartily, but instead the ADL called this issue of Superman an “insult.” Why? For such things as using the phrase “everyone they don’t like” instead of “the Jews” in the caption above.
the ghetto, who had names like “Baruch” and “Moishe” and were shown wearing yarmulkes, were the good guys. Superman was saving Moishe and Baruch from being shipped off to a concentration camp by the Germans. Pretty standard pro-Jewish, anti-German “Holocaust” propaganda, of the sort we've been seeing for the past 60 years, right?
Well, organized Jewish groups weren't happy with it, because the good guys weren't identified explicidy as Jews. “Moishe” and “Baruch” and the yarmulkes weren't explicit enough. The word “Jew” wasn't used. The Jews are concerned that a child reading the comic books who had never seen a yarmulke and who didn't know that the names “Moishe” and
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
Using the word “shtetl,” giving the characters names like “Moishe” and “Baruch,” and putting a menorah in the background wasn’t good enough. According to Myrna Shinbaum, the shtetl dwellers should have been called “Jews” — and not to have done so was “extremely offensive.” Never mind that Jews often consider the word “Jew” itself to be offensive (when used by non-Jews) and prefer the softer sounding “Jewish.”
“Baruch” are strictly kosher might think that the people Superman was saving were Poles instead of Jews. The Poles might get some undeserved sympathy from the reader as victims of the Germans. And the Jews always have demanded that they be given all of the sympathy connected with the so-called “Holocaust." They don't want anyone else homing in on their “victim” status. Kenneth Jacobson, of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, the largest and most powerful Jewish pressure group in America, called the Superman comics depiction of the “Holocaust” outrageous. That's the word he used: “outrageous.” He complained that it is an
“insult” to the “six million Jews” who died in the “Holocaust” because it didn't use the word “Jew.”
Another B'nai B'rith official, Myrna Shinbaum, said: “We found it extremely offensive that in what was to have been a positive teaching lesson Jews were not mentioned. You can't be general when you talk about victims of the Holocaust.” One might think that she and Jacobson were lecturing an anti-Semite for his “insensitivity.” Actually, however, DC Comics, the company which publishes Superman comics, is a completely Jewish outfit, like most of the other major publishers of children's magazines in America. The president and editor in chief of DC Comics is a Jewess, Jenette Kahn.
So what we were seeing in this particular tempest in a teapot was the Jews grabbing yet another chance to remind all of us once again about how much they have suffered, poor dears, and about how we must never forget it.
And why this victim status is so jealously guarded by the Jews was brought out in another news report which came in a few days ago. This was a report that the Volkswagen company, Germany's largest automaker, has caved in to Jewish demands and now will pay compensation to Jews who worked involuntarily for Volkswagen during the Second World War. That's the war during which every Jew the Germans could get their hands on was supposedly gassed and cremated. Volkswagen employed 15,000 non-German workers during the war, and they often are referred to by the media as “slave laborers.” Only a small fraction of these workers were Jews, all of them were fed and housed, and many of them had relative freedom of movement during their non-working hours. But they had been dragooned from other countries to help the Germans deal with their severe labor shortage during the war, and they certainly weren't paid union scale. So a few months ago the Jews among those
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
3
Only a small minority of the workers forced to work at the Volkswagen plant during the war were Jews, but it is the Jews who are making all the demands for compensation.
wartime Volkswagen workers demanded that they be paid for their work — plus interest, of course. Volk' swagen initially told them to shove off. It was not Volkswagen which had forced them to work, it was the German government, Volkswagen officials said. Besides, that was more than 53 years ago. If they had a valid claim they should have presented it sooner.
The Jews, all of whom now live in Israel, threatened to sue and to make other difficulties for Volkswagen if their demands weren't met. “You vant to sell cars in the United States, then you pay us,” the Jews threatened. Two weeks ago Volkswagen, seeing how government officials in the United states were dancing to the Jews' tune in applying pressure to Switzerland in connection with Jewish claims against that country, caved in and agreed to pay. It seems cheaper to Volkswagen than having the Jews mount the same sort of worldwide propaganda campaign against the company that it has mounted against Swiss banks.
I've talked before about the Jewish extortion effort against the Swiss. Now one can begin to see how all of these demands for money hang
together. When the Swiss had made an offer of $600 million to the Jews and the Jews had pretended to be insulted by such a paltry offer, the Jews figured that they could turn up the pressure and get a lot more than $600 million out of the Swiss. And that's what they've done. They've got all of their bought politicians in the United States starting boycott legislation of one sort or another against the Swiss. Not only will Swiss banks be barred from doing business in various parts of the United States, but other Swiss companies will be punished as well until the Swiss cough up every cent the Jews are demanding. We are being used — that is our public institutions are being used — by the Jews to get what they want as if our institutions belonged to the Jews and were theirs to use and abuse for their purposes.
It's important for the Jews to make an example of the Swiss. That's what made Volkswagen decide to cough up. That's what the Jews figure will make the Swedes, the French, the Portuguese, the Spanish, and everyone else cough up. They are demonstrating their ability to use the power of government in the United States to coerce anyone who doesn't yield voluntarily to their demands for money. And they're able to use the U.S. government like this because they've kept the American public feeling sorry for them as “Holocaust” victims. That's why they raised such a stink when Superman failed to state explicidy that Moishe and Baruch are Jews. It all hangs together.
This notion that the world owes the Jews for what they claim happened to them more than half a century ago has interesting implications. I've just finished reading a book which really casts a lot of light on the whole concept of reparations — and on the question of who owes whom. The book is a biography of Lazar Kaganovich, one of the bloodiest of the communist butchers during the 1930s and 1940s and the number-two man in the Kremlin for many years. The book is The Wolf of the Kremlin, and it was written by Stuart Kahan, an American Jew who is Kaganovich's nephew. Kahan went to die Soviet Union in 1981 and interviewed his uncle extensively — in Yiddish — to
This “Holocaust” survivor is trying to get money from a German chemical company for relatives who died at the Auschwitz labor camp. The company has little relationship to its War World ll-era predecessor, but talk of gassings with Zyklon-B will make any opposition seem very “insensitive.”
write this biography, and it is a goldmine of revelations.
To sum it up, Lazar Kaganovich was a Jew raised in the Jewish tradition, a yeshiva boy taught to guide himself on the basis of doing always what is best for the Jews, and this precept actually is cited explicidy several times in the book. He attended his first Communist Party meeting in 1911, when he was 18, to hear the Jewish communist Trotsky give a speech in a synagogue in Kiev; that's right: in a synagogue. He rose rapidly in the inner circle of the Communist Party, which contained many more Jews than Gentiles. His success was due primarily to his aggressiveness and his ruthlessness. In his communist activity he held back from nothing, no matter how brutal or bloody. He even killed his fellow Jews when they got in his way. He was a gangster among gangsters.
In 1930 Kaganovich organized a special department of the Soviet secret police, with himself as the head. It was referred to as the department of “wet affairs,” with “wet” meaning “bloody.” It handled clandestine mass executions, of the sort carried out later at Vinnitsa in Ukraine and at Katyn in Russia and at a thousand other places throughout the Soviet
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
Union over the next two decades. Kaganovich became the commissar in charge of mass murder. When the German Army invaded the Soviet Union in 1941, however, it was Kaganovich who was the savior of the Jews: he arranged for the evacuation of all Jews from the frontier areas and their resettlement far to the east, where they would be safe from the Germans. Let the Ukrainians and the Russians bear the brunt of the German invasion, but protect the Jews from hardship and danger at any cost
And Kaganovich boasts that he saved the Jews once again, in 1953, when Stalin was planning to rid Russia of them, by arranging for Stalin to be poisoned. He and his sister Rosa, who was a doctor, devised a scheme to switch pills in Stalin's medicine cabinet so that he would have a fatal stroke, which he did.
When the Gentile communist Nikita Khruschev accused Kaganovich in 1957 at a Soviet Party Congress of having murdered 20 million Russians during his career, Kaganovich didn't even deny it. He only accused Khruschev of being a murderer too. “Your hands are blood-stained too,” Kaganovich told him. Khruschev pointed out that the difference was that he, Khruschev, had merely followed Kaganovich's orders, while it had been Kaganovich who had formulated the policies of mass murder and had given the orders for carrying out those policies.
It's a fascinating book and if you really want to gain some insight into the Jewish mentality, into the way they justify themselves, into the way they view die non-Jewish world, you should read it for yourself. Kaganovich wants to boast about the power he once held, and at the same time he wants to evade responsibility for his crimes, and one can see this ambivalent attitude throughout the book.
Kaganovich did manage to evade responsibility. He was permitted to retire and to live out his life in comfort in Moscow. He was expelled from the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1957, when he lost a power struggle with Khruschev, and he was kicked out of the Communist Party itself in 1962. So Kaganovich simply
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
Nikita Khruschev and Lazar Kaganovich in Ukraine in 1946.
retired from the business of mass murder and then lived in peace and relative luxury for nearly 30 more years, until his death in 1991 at the age of 98. Not even the publication of his nephew’s biography of him in 1987, with all of its revelations of his crimes, brought a demand that he be punished. Not even after the collapse of communism did anyone call him to account for his genocide against the Russian and Ukrainian people.
Suppose that instead of being a Jew who murdered 20 million Gentiles he had been a German accused of killing just 100 Jews. Can't you imagine the screams from the media around the world that he be put on trial and punished? Can't you imagine the hysterical demands for revenge from the Jews, the non-stop demonstrations in front of German embassies everywhere? Such a wonderful opportunity to remind everyone about the “Holocaust” and how the poor, innocent Jews had suffered, and how the world now owed them reparations — such an opportunity certainly would not go unexpioited. But in the case of Lazar Kaganovich only silence, only disinterest by the media. Interesting, isn't it7
Now, you and I understand the reason for this difference, don't we? We understand that the “Holocaust” story is important to the Jews because they are able to milk the Gentile world for billions of dollars every year by keeping the Gentiles feeling guilty for letting it happen. And we understand why the Jews don't feel guilty
for having unleashed communism on the world, just as they don't feel guilty for having spawned monsters like Lazar Kaganovich. They really believe that only their lives count, not ours.
And we understand why the Germans back before the Second World War really wanted to get the Jews out of their country and off their backs. We understand why Stalin decided in 1953 that he would leave as his gift to the Russian people something that they would be eternally grateful for by getting rid of every Jew in the Soviet Union.
So, the question now is, what can we do to free ourselves from the Jews? What can we do to break their death-grip on our mass media of news and entertainment and on our political system? How can we bring about an end to their racket of using us to extort money from the rest of the world for them?
One thing that wouldn’t be effective is an appeal to our elected leaders in Washington. Most of the politicians understand quite well what's going on, but they don't care unless it's an issue in the mass media or they can figure out a way to get donations or votes from it.
About the only difference between Bill Clinton and the rest of the gang in Washington, Republicans as well as Democrats, is that Bill Clinton has more charisma. If we had an honest, patriotic government they'd all be gallows bait.
Another bunch we can't count on are businessmen, like the people who run Volkswagen or the Swiss banks. Generally these are pretty smart people, and they understand the same things we understand. But just as the politicians don't care about anything except votes, these big businessmen don't care about anything except profits. The Volkswagen people understand that if anyone owes something, the Jews who worked in their plant during the war owe Volkswagen for keeping them alive and permitting them to survive the war in one piece. But they won't say that publicly, because as long as the Jews control the media and the government in America there's no profit in that. And the same for the Swiss bankers.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
5
In fact, there's more than a possi-ble loss of profit involved. There are hundreds of people sitting in prisons in Germany and Switzerland now, because they dared to speak the truth about the Jews and thus violated so-called “hate” laws the Jews had their bought politicians in those countries enact for the specific purpose of silencing those who would expose them. An example is Rudolf Keller, a member of the nationalist Swiss Democratic Party, who was arrested earlier this month in Zurich and charged with being a “hate criminal.” Mr. Keller's “crime” was announcing publicly that if the Jews proceed with their anti-Swiss boycotts in America, then the Swiss people should in reprisal refuse to buy any American-made goods, shop in stores or eat in restaurants owned by Jews, or take vacations in America or Israel. The politicians who had him arrested claimed that Keller's announcement might incite “race hatred” against the Jews — and in Switzerland, Germany,
and many other countries the Jews already have arranged for that to be illegal. They're working hard to have similar laws enacted in America.
So what can we do? Well, not everyone in America is a politician or a businessman. And not everyone is a couch potato, who is incapable of understanding anything which doesn't come to him directly from his television screen. There still are decent, honest, and rational people in America: people who are capable of understanding if one makes information available to them and who will care once they understand. You and I aren't the only ones. There are enough good people left to upset the Jews' applecart — if we do our part.
And our part is to reach these decent people and help them understand. And we can do that. I can keep on presenting facts — facts which will help people understand who is persecuting whom, who owes whom. And this is important, because most of these decent, rational Americans have
never heard about Lazar Kaganovich. Most of these decent people are too busy with their own lives to pay attention to the current Jewish campaign to silence their critics with new laws against what they call “hate speech.” They need to be told. They need to be made to pay attention.
You can help make them pay attention. I'll keep presenting the facts; you get other people to listen. I'll bet you know at least five decent people who have never listened to American Dissident Voices or have never seen a copy of Free Speech. Get them to start listening or start reading. Get them to start paying attention.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Superman, Volkswagen, and Lazar Kaganovich,” aired on July 25, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Thinking about a White Future
I nearly always discuss the problems our people are facing: a corrupt, treasonous, and degenerate government which seems hell-bent on destroying what's left of our civilization; our mass media of news and entertainment in the hands of an alien people who use their control over the media to bring about the election of such governments; the mass insanity which, under various names — egalitarianism, feminism, liberalism — leads large segments of our people into unnatural and selfdestructive behavior.
Sometimes I've talked about historical events, but that's been pretty negative too: the atrocities committed against our people by the communists before and during the Second World War and the atrocities we committed against ourselves during and after that war.
It's necessary for us to talk about these negative things, because we need to understand our problems before we can hope to solve them.
But in this article I will try to be more positive. I will discuss what we want our future to be like. Of course, we can't discuss all of this in one short article, but we can explore a few aspects of the future we'd like to build for our people after we've solved the problems we're facing.
One of these problems I've talked about which we are facing is non-White immigration, which is changing America's racial complexion. This changing racial complexion is something which Bill Clinton not only recognizes but welcomes. In the July Free Speech I discussed his speech on this subject at Pordand State University. The Clinton government — and Democrats generally — are pushing hard to increase non-White immigration and to avoid any effective measures to stop illegal immigration, which is almost completely non-White, because non-Whites nearly all vote Democratic. The Republicans aren't much better: some of them welcome non-White immigrants as cheap laborers for
Republican factory owners and big farmers, and others are afraid to do anything about immigration from fear of being labeled “racists” by the media.
Now, I must admit that I share one thing with Bill Clinton: he wants to change America's racial complexion, and so do I. He wants America's complexion to be darker, or more “diverse,” to use the Politically Correct term. And I want America's complexion to be lighter: much lighter. Bill Clinton said in his Pordand State University speech that anyone who doesn't want America to become darker is “un-American.” Isn't that something? This jerk who used to organize anti-American demonstrations during the Vietnam war and chant, “Ho, Ho, Ho Chih Minh, the Viet Cong's gonna win,” is now telling us that we're “un-American”! I'd like to have that un-American piece of filth tell me that, one on one, without any of his jackbooted Secret Service thugs around! Then there would be
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books I Box 330 •Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for August 1998

President Clinton would have us think this 1876 Fourth of July celebration is unpatriotic for not having mestizos, Asians, and Blacks involved.
one less piece of filth to deal with in this country.
Bill Clinton thinks a White America would be “un-American.” The Jews who control the mass media certainly agree with him, because they know there would be no room for them in a White America. We made the terrible mistake of letting them in when we had what for most practical purposes was a White America in the past, and they immediately set to work to take over our mass media, to corrupt our political system, to corrupt our culture, and to corrupt our educational system. After they gained control of the media they began brainwashing the public with the notion that the worst of all possible sins is to want to keep America White. “That is racism, a very, very bad thing,” they whispered to us in a thousand subde ways. And now, to want to make America White again is even worse, they and their collaborators, like Bill Clinton, tell us. “It is too late,” they tell us. “America will become non-White. It is inevitable. You cannot stop it. But a non-White America will not be so bad; there will be much more diversity, and diversity is a wonderful thing. So don't try to resist us. Just relax and enjoy it”
So why do we resist the Jewish plan for America? Why do we refuse to go quiedy, the way the Clintonistas
want us to? Wouldn't it be so much easier just not to struggle, just to relax and let them push our race into oblivion?
But you know, us White people have always struggled. We have always resisted alien domination. We are a race of conquerors, of inventors, of builders, not slaves or couch potatoes. We have always fought for a better future, instead of just relaxing and letting other people tell us what was good for us. A very troublesome trait, this determination to be masters of our own destiny, this determination to live in accord with our innate values instead of someone else's, this determination to hang onto our traditions and our life-style and to do things our way. This troublesome trait of ours is really a big obstacle to the planners of the New World Order, who want us just to relax and not struggle while they mix us with Haitians and mestizos and Vietnamese to produce the nice, coffee-colored blend preferred by Mr. Clinton, a blend without racist traditions or racist habits or racist ambitions to shape our own destiny.
So why do we not want to be blended? Why do we insist on remaining a race of conquerors, inventors, and builders; a race of explorers; a race of poets, philosophers, and dreamers; a proud race, an
independent race, a race with our own traditions, instead of the agreeable, placid race of coffee-colored consumers and couch potatoes those nice Jews in the media and those nice politicians in Washington want us to be? And I guess that the best answer to that question is that that's just the way we are. That's our God-given nature, and we want to keep it. In fact, we are determined to keep it!
The White future that I dream about, the White America that I want for my people, is not an America of brainwashed couch potatoes and trendy consumers, not an America of feminists, homosexuals, democrats, and hymn-singing boobs who take their theology from their television receivers; my White America is an America of proud, masculine men and proud, feminine women. It is an America based on our history and our traditions and our ways: history and traditions and ways we brought here from Europe. It will be an America governed by our values and our standards: our standards of behavior, our standards of performance, our standards of quality, our standards of beauty. It will be an America where little White girls and little White boys go to White schools and learn how to be independent and productive White men and women. It will be an America where there are no advertisers try-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
7
An almost entirely White crowd in New York City in 1926.
ing to push racial mixing by putting a few Black, mestizo, and Asian faces into every group illustration, advertisers who like to pair off White girls with Black boys in their ads. It will be an America without drugs, without rap music, and without the dark feces and alien sounds which pervade our cities today.
Can you imagine such an America? We used to have a White America back before the Second World War. Ask your parents or your grandparents about it. Go to the library and look at some of the old magazines published back in the 1920s and 1930s. Look at the advertisements in these old magazines and compare them with the advertisements produced today. I have a painting from about 1890 of ice skaters in Central Park, New York: men, women, and children gliding across the ice in a wintry landscape. Some of the faces are smiling or laughing; some are sober — but they're all White. Yes, even New York City was once White. Los Angeles was White, except for its Chinatown. Look at the 19th-century paintings. Look at the photographs taken before the Second World War of scenes on university campuses, of street scenes in American cities, of sports events, of outdoor recreation. The people are all White. That's hard to imagine today, isn't it, but 75 years ago one could walk through downtown Los Angeles or New York and hardly ever see a non-White face.
Of course, in a White America we will still have problems to overcome; that's what life is all about: overcoming problems. We still will have a certain amount of crime, even without non-Whites, who commit the majority of the crimes of violence and vice in America today. Although our streets and homes will be much, much safer than they are today, we will still have criminals — but we will know how to deal with our criminals. In this regard, let me reprint a little poem written by one of the truly great English poets, Rudyard Kipling. It is a poem you won't find in any of the Politically Correct anthologies approved for use in our schools today. It was written in a saner, prouder, Whiter, less Jewish time, a much less hypocritical time.
The Stranger
The Stranger within my gate,
He may be true or kind,
But he does not talk my talk —
I cannot feel his mind.
I see the face and the eyes and the mouth,
But not the soul behind.
The men of my own stock They may do ill or well,
But they tell the lies I am wonted to,
They are used to the lies I tell.
And we do not need interpreters When we go to buy and sell.
The Stranger within my gates,
He may be evil or good,
But I cannot tell what powers control — What reasons sway his mood;
Nor when the Gods of his far_off land Shall repossess his blood.
The men of my own stock,
Bitter bad they may be,
But, at least, they hear the things I hear,
And see the things I see;
And whatever I think of them and their likes They think of the likes of me.
This was my fathers belief And this is also mine:
Let the corn be all one sheaf —
And the grapes be all one vine,
Ere our children^ teeth are set on edge By bitter bread and wine.
That was Rudyard Kipling's view of things a century ago, and it also was the view of most of our people in
a time before they had been deceived and led astray by the alien masters of the mass media.
A feeling of community, a feeling of family, a feeling of common blood, common soul, common history, and common destiny: that is what it takes to make a viable nation, and that is what we must have again if America is to survive. A White future for America is much more than a material thing; it is much more than safe and orderly schools with higher performance standards; it is much more than safe streets, clean cities, and a lower crime rate; it is much more than a huge reduction in taxes for the support of welfare queens and their swarms of pickaninnies; it is much more than a more efficient, productive work force and an end to the injustice of affirmative action. It is more than all of these things: it is a spiritual thing, this feeling that one's neighbors are one's kin; this looking on White faces and feeling a genuine sense of brotherhood that rises from the heart — not the strained sense that one ought to feel brotherly when one looks on alien faces; this feeling of sharing in their joy when one looks on a young White couple in love — not the sense of obligation to give a Politically Correct smile when one passes a racially mixed couple and tries unsuccessfully to suppress the rage in one's heart.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
We cannot go back to the past, but we can use the values and ideals that have traditionally been honored in White societies to create a future.
There are young people growing up today who have never known what it means to live in a White country, who have never known the feeling of racial community which one can feel in a White environment and which Americans used to take for granted. They have been robbed of this knowl-edge by the people who for their own selfish purposes have taken over our mass media and swamped us with their poisonous propaganda of root-lessness and cosmopolitanism and the wonders of the “melting pot” — and by the politicians who have implemented their destructive racial policies: policies which have darkened America so noticeably during the past 50 years.
My dream of a White America is not nostalgia. I know that we can never return to the past. But I also know that if we are ever to move forward again we have to get rid of this racial mess which has engulfed America. I know that no multi-racial society can be a healthy or stable society. Some people who agree with me that the present racial situation is untenable and can only become worse under the government's present policies nevertheless cannot conceive of rectifying the situation. They believe that once a country has been integrated racially it cannot be un-integrated. But it can be — although the process of un-integra-tion is likely to be a very painful and bloody process. It is likely to require a civil war much worse than the one we went through in the last century. It
certainly will disrupt the lives of everyone involved. The soft couch potatoes and the trendy consumers would much prefer to avoid the disruption, so that they can continue their TV-viewing and their consuming. Even people made of somewhat sterner stuff are horrified by the prospect of straightening out our racial situation. But we must do it We must plan for it. We must not refuse to think about it just because it will be difficult and unpleasant We are in our present mess because we foiled to act when action would have been far less pain-fill.
In these uncertain times in which we live there is one thing of which we can be certain: and that is, the Jews and their collaborators in the government, the media, the schools, and the churches will cling to the death to their plan for the destruction of our people through miscegenation. They have a tiger by the tail, and they know that they must not let go. And so conditions in America will continue to grow worse and worse, as the enemies of our people continue desperately to push us to the point of no return. Our schools and our cities will become more jungle-like; our popular culture will become more alien, more debased, more Negroid, more Mexican, and more Asian; the behavior of our politicians and our sports and entertainment stars will become more animalistic; our government will become even more corrupt. And White Americans will run out of sub-
urbs to which they can flee. And when they no longer can evade the situation, when they no longer can ignore it, when they no longer can parrot the Politically Correct lies about race without any danger of being contradicted by reality — then more and more White Americans finally must make decisions about the future they don't want to think about now.
And we know that many of them will just wring their hands and cry in womanish despair, “Oh, why can't the races get along with each other? Why can't there be peace and cooperation between the races, so that I can continue to consume in comfort and safety and Political Correctness? Oh, why must I deal with this difficult and unpleasant problem of race?” And we know that more of the weakest and most degraded of our people, the most corrupt and selfish of our people, will join our enemies in the hope of temporarily improving their own personal situations. But we also know that many others, when there no longer is a safe suburb to which they can flee, finally will be ready to stand and fight.
And my message to these last is this: Don't wait until the last minute to make your decision; much better to make it sooner than later. My message is: Don't fall for the defeatist lie that we cannot un-integrate America because it will be too difficult, too violent, and too painful. Don't refuse to think about the grim remedy of a civil war — because the alternative is far grimmer and for bloodier. The fate that Mr. Clinton and the Jewish media bosses have planned for us is infinitely worse than any civil war could possibly be. Civil war is thinkable, civil war is plannable — when the alternative is extinction. Be a man and face reality and steel yourself to do whatever must be done to undo the damage that our enemies have done to us, so that our people will have a future.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Thinking of a White Future,” aired on July 11, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
9
The Romanovs, Child Porn, and “Hate” Laws
The Czar and his family.
I'm very pleased by the really big increase in the number of responses to American Dissident Voices during the past few months. That's what we want: to get people to respond, to pay attention, to begin thinking, and to begin speaking out.
One of the things I often hear is that it's interesting to listen to American Dissident Voices and learn new things, but how does that help us solve the problems we're facing as a people? When will we begin putting up candidates for office so that we can begin making some changes in the way our society is headed?
They say we must begin making changes very soon because the Jews and their collaborators are getting closer every day to their goal of a multiracial global plantation, where no one will be able to rebel. And they cite the things they can see happening around them: more and more non-Whites in the population everywhere; more and more Whites involved sexually with; and tighter and tighter government control on our lives, with the threat of an end to our Bill of Rights looming ever larger.
I answer by telling them that what is happening is not so much a shift of the general public in the direction the Jews are pushing as it is a growing schism in our society between the Jewish party and the party of those able to think for themselves. It is a growing division between the lemmings obediendy stampeding toward the precipice and the people who are beginning to dig in their heels and say “Whoa! 1 don't want to go over that cliff.” And more and more people are aligning themselves with this second party. Furthermore, not all of them are White racists. There are non-White groups who are no more attracted to the idea of becoming serfs on the global plantation than we are. There are homosexuals who are not looking forward to living in a society which has a non-White majority. There are even people who call themselves “liberals”
who are not in favor of replacing William Shakespeare with Jerry Springer and Beethoven with MTV. People of every stripe are aghast at the level to which public life in America has sunk in the Clinton era.
Of course, we shouldn't draw too much comfort from that observation, because the Jews are continuing to push their programs forward with the aid of their step'n'fetchits in the Congress and the White House. And as long as real power continues to be measured by the standards of electoral politics, we won't have any, because the lemmings will always outnumber the independent thinkers. But there may come a day when real power will be measured by other standards, and when the most feasible way of bringing about change won't involve putting up candidates for public office. But let's not get too far ahead of ourselves now.
The most important thing for us to do now is what we have been doing, and that is to help people understand what is happening to America, to the world, to our civilization, and to our people. I'm not talking about helping the lemmings understand. Lemmings never have understood anything and don't want
to understand anything. Lemmings just want to do what they believe they're expected to do: whatever the other lemmings are doing. If you strapped a lemming in a chair and explained to him 14 times in the simplest possible language that if he keeps going in the same direction he'll go over a cliff, he still won't understand, and he won't care. To change the direction of a lemming you must persuade him that all the other lemmings are changing direction, and the only feasible way of doing that is to change the flavor of what he sees on television. There's not much chance of our acquiring control of the television networks any time soon, so we just have to accept the fact that the lemmings will continue happily toward the precipice for the time being.
But there are people who can understand and who want to understand, people who care about our civilization and about our people. Those are the ones we are having increasing success in reaching out to, in explaining things to, in helping develop their understanding. We need to continue doing that. Although we're getting a much larger response now than when we started, it needs to grow a lot more. So far we've reached only a relatively small portion of these independent-minded people. And we must do more than help them understand. We must persuade them to accept some responsibility. We must persuade them to be more than mere spectators. And if we can do these things — if we can continue reaching more and more thoughtful people and help them to understand what is happening, and if we can persuade them to act on their understanding — then we are coming closer to solving our problems. We are coming closer to having the power to change the course of events.
Understanding and a sense of responsibility are prerequisites for any other sort of activity, electoral or otherwise. We need to build a lot more
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
understanding and a lot more sense of responsibility before we can have any reasonable expectation of winning an election.
There's one really good thing about the work we're doing now, and that is you can participate in it. You don't have to become a candidate for public office. You don't have to have your own radio program. You just have to be willing to help. You have to be willing to talk with your friends, with your relatives, with your co-workers, with the people you already know. I'm sure that not all of them are lemmings. I'm sure that some of them are reasonable and responsible people.
I can explain things in my radio show and this magazine, but you probably have friends who think they're too busy to listen to American Dissident Voices or read Free Speech. Or perhaps they just need the personal approach that you can give. Perhaps they need to know that someone they trust is concerned enough to try to help them understand. Or they may need to know that they are not alone in their Political Incorrectness.
Let me tell you something that can be really helpful in leading a friend to understanding: approach him with something very specific that you have reason to believe he will respond to with interest. Perhaps he's someone who has told you that he's not interested in politics and doesn't want to hear anything about the corruption in the government or about the Jewish control of the media. But there will still be something he is interested in. Start with that.
For example, some people — women especially — are interested in celebrities, in people that have an aura of glamour. You might approach such a friend with a comment about the Russian imperial family, whose remains finally were reburied in St. Petersburg in late July, 80 years after their murder by the communists. The czar's daughters, who were murdered with him, were beautiful, glamorous young women: Anastasia, Olga, Tatiana, and Maria — all lovely girls. Legends about one of these girls — the beautiful 17-year-old Princess Anastasia — have been widely circulated ever since her murder. And their reburial
Yakov Yurovsky
a couple of weeks ago has sparked a number of new news stories and reminiscences about them.
One interesting thing about the butchering of the Russian imperial family that you're not likely to see in any of these news stories, however, is the fact that the head butcher was a Jew. His name was Jacob Yurovsky, and he carried out the murder of die czar and his family in an especially brutal and sadistic manner. You might bring that fact up in a conversation about the imperial family. And that fact then can lead die conversation into either of two very interesting areas. One of these areas centers on the fact that in a vast country like Russia with such a small Jewish minority, so many of the butchers of the Russian people just happened to be Jews, Lazar Kaganovich being a prime example.
The other conversational area that Jacob Yurovsky can lead you to is the control of our news and entertainment media. Why is it that your friend has never heard about Yurovsky's Jewishness or Kaganovich's Jewishness? Why are the Jews always portrayed as the innocent victims of Russian anti-Semitism, instead of the other way around? Could it have anything to do with the Jewish control of our news and entertainment media?
Does your friend need to have the atrocities committed against the Russian people by Jews like Yurovsky and Kaganovich tied in to something closer to home? How about the continuing flood of Jewish gangsters into America from the former Soviet Union? They circumvent our immigration laws and get in as “refugees from persecution,” because the media, by keeping quiet about Jews such as Yurovsky and Kaganovich and about the Jewishness of organized crime in Russia, are able to maintain the popular delusion that Jews are persecuted in Russia. And because these Jewish gangsters get in they are better able to run their international trade in White sex slaves and sexually exploited children. Although the White slave trade and the child pornography business are headquartered in Israel, they depend heavily for their profitability on the Jews' ability to move freely from one country to another.
Does your friend know anything about the child pornography business? If he's capable of being shocked by anything, he'll be shocked by hearing a few of the facts about this horrible business. The same Jewish gangsters who trap poor, unemployed women from Russia and Ukraine into becoming sex slaves also procure children, film them being sexually abused, and sell the films to perverts around the world. Some of these films show babies as young as two years old being raped by adults. It's a big business, and though not all of the perverts who are the customers for child pornography are Jews, the people who run the child pornography racket are Jews. And that is why this racket is allowed to flourish with virtually no exposure from the mass media.
There have been a few hints about the child pornography business in the media very recently, however, in connection with other news events. For example, there was a United Press International story out of Amsterdam on July 17 about a distributor of child pornography who was murdered recendy and about the thousands of photographs the police found in his home. The article also mentioned the distributor's connections to other distributors in Israel, Russia, Ukraine,
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
Jurgen Graf
and the United States. No mention of Jews, of course — but believe me, the people who run this business are just as Jewish as the people who run the White slave trade.
Perhaps your friend has an interest in civil liberties: in things like freedom of speech. Then begin by talking with him about two men who were sent to prison in Switzerland just last week because one of them wrote a book the Jews don't like and the other one published the book. It sounds almost incredible that this could happen in a modem, civilized nation like Switzerland, but it did, because the Swiss people let themselves be tricked into accepting a law in 1995 — just three years ago — making it illegal to criticize Jews or to say anything the Jews find offensive. The Jews had mounted a big propaganda campaign to get this law passed, claiming that it would put an end to “hate” in Switzerland. They got all of their bought politicians and their bought Christian church leaders to speak in favor of the law. And in Switzerland, just as in the United States, the Jews have most of the politicians and the leading church spokesmen in their pockets. So they got their law passed in 1995, calling it an “anti-hate speech” law, and the Swiss felt very proud of themselves for being against “hate.”
Then, having made it illegal to criticize them, the Jews launched their
campaign to extort $7 billion in World War Two reparations from the Swiss. Pretty neat, wasn’t it7
Swiss who understood that the Jewish demand for gold was extortion were afraid to say so publicly from fear of being prosecuted under the new “hate speech” law. And so the Jews have been able to move ahead with their extortion campaign against the Swiss without fear of having their wild claims for gold be contradicted by the muzzled Swiss. In late July, Swiss author Jurgen Graf and his 78-year-old publisher Gerhard Forster were ordered to prison by a judge in Baden, Switzerland, under this new “hate speech” law because Graf wrote a book in which he stated that fewer than six million Jews were killed in the so-called “Holocaust.” Graf didn't deny that the Germans killed some Jews; he just wrote that all the evidence indicates that fewer than six million were killed. And so the Jews complained that Graf was in effect calling them liars by refusing to accept their figure of six million killed, and by calling them liars was inciting hatred against them. So the judge ordered Graf and his publisher to prison.
Isn't that clever? You plan an extortion campaign against someone, but then before you make your extortion demands you persuade your intended victim to muzzle himself with a “hate speech” law, so that he can't defend himself against your extortion. That's what the Jews have done to the Swiss — and that's what they're trying very hard now to do to Americans. They're campaigning for the same sort of “hate speech” laws to muzzle Americans that they're already using to muzzle the Swiss. And Bill Clinton is one of the biggest advocates of the new “hate” laws the Jews want for silencing American dissidents.
When three White ex-convicts killed a Black ex-convict in Texas by chaining him to the back of a truck and dragging him, Clinton seized on this bit of drunken hooliganism as a reason why America needs a Federal “hate” law similar to Switzerland's. If you noticed the details of the way the media handled the news of the Texas killing, you can see the collaboration
Gerhard Forster
between Clinton and the media Jews in pushing for a Federal “hate” law. For example, the Black who was killed was, like the three men who killed him, a criminal, an ex-convict. But most news reports carefully avoided mentioning that fact. Instead they described the Black as “disabled,” almost creating the impression that he was confined to a wheelchair or at least on crutches, when as a matter of fact he was walking along a road with no apparent disability when he accepted a ride from the men who later killed him. It's clear that the media were trying as hard as they could to make this Black ex-con into a sympathetic figure, so that they and Mr. Clinton could use his death as an argument for a Federal “hate” law. One might think they would have picked a better example of a racially motivated crime to use as an argument. After all, racially motivated assaults, murders, and rapes happen every day in America's cities. However, they needed a crime with White criminals and a Black victim, and those don't happen very often, so they had to take what they could get It gives you a pretty clear indication of who it is that they are so eager to silence with their new Federal “hate” law. It isn't the Blacks.
It may seem incredible to reasonable people that the government could hope to end hatred in our soci-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
ety by passing a law. But it's not reasonable people who really count in this matter: it's the lemmings, and they're ready to believe whatever the government or the mass media tell them. And of course, it's not really hatred that the government and the media Jews hope to end with a Federal “hate” law. It's dissent. They want to muzzle reasonable people in America the way they've muzzled them in Switzerland.
To help your friend understand what's happening, don't try to explain everything to him at once. Start with a specific thing you believe he'll be interested in: the murder of the
Romanovs by a Jewish Bolshevik; the growing power of Jewish organized crime in America and its control of the international trade in child pornography; the threat to Americans' freedom of speech by the Clinton government's push for a Federal “hate” law in this country like the one in Switzerland. Give him specific facts. Tell him where he can check it out for himself. For example, National Vanguard Books carries The Last Days of the Romanovs on the murder of the Czar’s family and The New Ethnic Mobs on modem organized crime. The conviction and sentencing of the Swiss author and publisher were
reported by the Associated Press on July 21. You can go to any large public library and find the Associated Press story for yourself. Then show it to your friend, if that's what he's interested in.
I'll keep telling you about things like these, but you do your part too.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Romanovs, Child Porn, and “Hate” Laws,” aired on August 1, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
Media Myths
Steven Spielberg with actors Jeremy Davies and Adam Goldberg on the set of Saving Private Ryan.
The subject I've discussed most often is the dominant Jewish influence in the mass media of news and entertainment. I've spoken most often about this because it is the most important problem with which we must deal. It's also a subject on which I receive a lot of flak. One of the most common forms of flak is the objection that it doesn't matter. Sure, the Jews control the media, but it doesn't make any difference, critics tell me. They're just good businessmen, and they know how to run the media profitably. That's why they've gained control, and it's no worse than it would be if a bunch of Irishmen or Mormons were in their place.
1 think that many of the people who tell me this don't actually believe it themselves. They just want to be Politically Correct, and it's Politically Correct to absolve the Jews of blame for anything. Even many of the people who are distressed about what Jewish media control is doing to our society don't want to identify that control as Jewish. The Baptists, for example, who have launched a boycott of die Disney Corporation because of the raunchy movies its Miramax films division has been turning out, refuse to identify either Disney boss Michael Eisner or the Miramax bosses Bob and Harvey Weinstein as Jewish. The Baptist protest is against immorality
in films, they insist, not against the Jewish control of the film industry.
That's a bit like saying you're against syphilis but you have nothing against spirochetes. And it's not really honest, this determination to be Politically Correct. Political Correctness is based on a denial of reality, on the substitution of a deliberately falsified picture of the world in the place of reality. And this dishonesty, this refusal to admit Politically Incorrect truths, has very serious consequences for all of us. If we refuse to talk realistically about the Jewish control of the mass media, we may as well give up on trying to do anything about the negative effects this Jewish media control is having on our society.
Let me give you a specific example of refusal to face a Politically Incorrect truth. Steven Spielberg has a new film out, Saving Private Ryan, and it's been getting a lot of attention by the reviewers. They say that the film is good because it is so realistic, because it gives such an honest portrayal of the Second World War. And of course, the film does show the blood-and-guts aspect of the war a bit more starkly than other films have. But honest it is not. It propagates the same lies about the Second World War that every film — and I mean every film — made by the Jewish film industry in Hollywood for nearly 60 years has propagated. And the reviewers, regardless of what else they say about these films, all repeat these same basic lies.
These lies are that the Second World War was a “necessary” war — that is, that there was no way we could have avoided it — and that it was a “good” war — that is, a morally justified war. We were forced to fight Germany in order to protect America. We could not have stayed out of the war or fought on the other side, because that would have been immoral. The other side was evil. We fought against evil. By destroying Germany and Hider we saved the world, Hollywood tells us. We saved freedom. We saved the world from sla-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
very and tyranny. Hider was an evil man, the most evil man who has ever lived, and with his evil SS troops he intended to enslave the world and destroy everything beautiful and good. But we stopped him. We saved America. We saved die world.
That's Hollywood's unvarying story, and it's a lie: an extremely dangerous and destructive lie. Unfortunately, it is a lie which is accepted unquestioningly, uncritically, by almost everyone, and not just by the lemmings. We hear that lie today in connection with Spielberg's new movie; and in fact, we hear it from television news anchormen and from politicians and from other authority figures every time the war is mentioned. No dissent is permitted. But that's the case only for the Second World War. One can have dissenting views about the Spanish-American War, the First World War, or about the Korean War. One can question the morality or the necessity of those wars without being considered an evil person. And as for the war in Vietnam, one can even take the position of America's enemies, as film actress Jane Fonda and a student activist named Bill Clinton did.
But it has not been the government's hard line against dissenters which has kept people parroting the dogma that the Second World War was a war which was both necessary and good. And it hasn't been any reluctance to offend the veterans of the Second World War, because we have more living veterans of the Vietnam war in our society, and those opposed to the Vietnam war have never worried about offending them.
No, the dogma that the Second World War was necessary and good, that it saved the world or that it preserved our freedom, is entirely the creation of Jewish propagandists. Of course, the Second World War didn't preserve America's freedom. America's freedom was never threatened by Germany. Hider could not even have imagined taking away America's freedom. His war against America was entirely defensive. We were the aggressors. The U.S. Army invaded Germany and took away Germany's freedom, not the other way around. There was never the slightest danger that Hider would invade America.
And we certainly didn't save the world; what we did was turn half of
the world over to rule by communist butchers for nearly 50 years. We didn't even defend America's vital economic interests by destroying Germany. The only people whose vital interests were defended by America's participation in the Second World War were the Jews.
And these facts really aren't even disputed by serious and knowledgeable people today. No reputable historian or military leader would make the claim today that the United States was in danger of being invaded by Germany or that our vital interests were threatened by Germany. In other words the war was not necessary. Every knowledgeable person understands that, but very few will say it.
As for the claim that Hider and his SS were evil monsters, and that America was on the side of righteousness in destroying diem, we can simply look at the facts again: look at what the two sides actually did during and after the war. It is generally conceded that the Germans treated American prisoners of war about as well as they could under the circumstances. And it also is generally conceded that Hider's troops, SS or otherwise, behaved themselves better toward the civilian populations of the countries they occupied than did the armed forces of any of the other combatants, including the Americans. Hider's SS troopers did not rape civilians, for example. Contrast this behavior with that of the Americans and our allies, such as the Red Army.
The Red Army, our comrade in arms, was notorious for raping and murdering civilians; in fact, Red Army men were encouraged to engage in atrocious behavior by their own government, our ally. And the U.S. Army itself engaged in several massacres of German prisoners of war: for example, the massacre of more than 500 disarmed SS prisoners at Dachau by members of the U.S. Army's 45th Division on April 29, 1945. And then there was the mass starvation of German POWs in prison camps after the war. And there was the massive ethnic cleansing, in which more than 2 million German civilians were murdered after the war. The U.S. government approved of this mass murder, of this ethnic cleansing — we gave the OK — and our allies carried it out.
13
If we consider the mass rape and murder of civilians to be evil, if we consider the mass execution of prisoners of war to be evil, and if one of our motives for going to war was to fight evil, then clearly we were fighting on the wrong side. And it's not as if we didn't know how our gallant Soviet ally would behave before we began our effort to destroy Hider and his forces. We had plenty of evidence of massive Soviet atrocities even before the war began. Our government knew what the communists had done in Ukraine. Our government knew about the mass arrests and executions in the Soviet Union. And before we crossed the English Channel to invade Europe we knew about the mass executions of Polish officers by the Reds at Katyn and elsewhere. And yet we allied ourselves with the mass murderers. We helped the mass murderers and mass rapists murder and rape millions of more Europeans. And so the claim that we were going to war to fight evil is simply a lie. The Second World War was not a good war. It was not a moral war. It was the most atrocious war of modem times. And we were on the side of those committing nearly all of the atrocities during that war: we were deliberately on the side of evil.
And there is just one reason that we fought on the side of evil. It was because that was the Jewish side. In the years before the war Hider wasn't rounding up people by the thousands and shooting them the way the communists were. Hider wasn't shooting anybody. His SS troops weren't raping or terrorizing anyone either. Hitler was doing one thing which resulted in a huge, lying hate-propaganda effort against him from Hollywood. That one thing was Hider's campaign to break the grip of the Jews on Germany. In Germany Hider took the news and entertainment media away from the Jews. He kicked them out of the legal profession, which they had monopolized. He kicked them out of the teaching profession, where they had been pumping their ideas into the heads of German children. And Hider did all of this peacefully, non-violendy. He didn't round Jews up and shoot them. He simply made it illegal for them to own German newspapers and German radio stations. He made it illegal
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
Before those with a distinctly Jewish point of view took over National Geographic, it presented various locations and peoples in a straightforward, non-politicized manner. The caption for this photo from the February 1937 issue reads: “Visitors, on first seeing Berlin, are amazed at its abundant statuary.... At the left, a teacher and her schoolgirls stand before a monument of Karl Wilhelm von Humboldt, brother of the distinguished explorer, and founder of the (Berlin) University."
for them to practice law or to teach in German schools. And so the Jews were leaving Germany. Between 1933 and 1939 two-thirds of the Jews in Germany emigrated. At the same time Jewish commissars in the Soviet Union were butchering millions of people. But the hate propaganda coming out of Hollywood was entirely anti-German, not anti-Soviet. The Jews' only concern was the welfare of their fellow Jews. They didn't care how many Russians or Ukrainians were murdered. But they screeched at the top of their lungs when Hitler took the German media away from them.
And they lied to the American people about what was happening in Europe. They lied in order to try to make us hate the Germans the way they did. When a Jew assassinated a German diplomat in Paris in 1938 and the German people reacted by smashing up Jewish department stores and synagogues in several German cities, the Jewish news media in the United States reported the incident as if Jews were being massacred wholesale in Germany. That was the famous “Crystal Night,” which the Jews still continue to remind us of every year in order to milk a little
more sympathy from us. The picture of Germany painted by Jewish hate-propaganda in the United States during the years preceding the Second World War was a complete distortion of reality. Americans were told that Germans lived in constant fear of the Gestapo and the SS, that Hider was a madman who terrorized the German people and who fell to the floor and chewed the edge of his carpet when he became angry. Americans were told that Germany was a land of concentration camps and barbed wire and police dogs. Our invasion of Germany was to be a “liberation” of the German people from the tyrannical rule of Hider and the SS. That's actually the word the Jewish propagandists used to describe the American and Soviet terror bombing, rape, and dismemberment of Germany: “liberation.” The American and Soviet invaders were to be the “liberators.” Of course, the Jews didn't control all of the mass media before the Second World War. They didn't control the National Geographic Magazine, for example, and this magazine, with its articles and photographs on life in Germany flady contradicted the hate-propaganda coming from Hollywood. A good example, if you have
access to old National Geographies, is the February 1937 issue. But the National Geographic Magazine really wasn't a mass medium, and Jewish Hollywood had a much stronger grip on the average American's mind. And so the image of Germany most Americans had was the Jewish image of a land of terror, fear, brutality, and repression controlled by Hider's SS automatons, a land which needed to be “liberated” and which was a deadly menace to America. The hate-propagandists of Hollywood lied us into the most murderous and destructive war of all time solely because they hated the Germans, and they wanted us to destroy the Germans for them.
And they have maintained their pre-war lies even to this day, their portrayal of Hider as a crazed carpet chewer and the SS as a gang of sadistic thugs, and they have added to this their postwar hate-propaganda of gas chambers and of lampshades and soap supposedly made from the bodies of murdered Jews. Most Americans still believe that their fathers or grandfathers “liberated” Germany and “saved” the world. They still believe that the Second World War was a “necessary” war and a “good” war. And the reason they believe it is that they have seen hundreds of Hollywood films and television shows which have repeated these same lies to them over and over and over again, and no public figure has ever had the courage or honesty to contradict them. We're still hearing the same lies in films like Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan and in the reviews of that film in the controlled media: Americans as “liberators.”
The fact is that Hollywood's lies about Germany led to millions of White Americans and Europeans being slaughtered solely for the sake of punishing the Germans for throwing the Jews out of Germany. And we are put at a great disadvantage even today by those same lies, because they prevent so many of us from examining the past honestly. And if we cannot understand what happened in the past, we are much less likely to choose a wise course into the future. But the real point of my example of Hollywood hate-propaganda about Germany before and during the Second
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1998
15
World War is that the Jews, with their control of so much of the mass media today, are able to sway the attitudes of the whole country to suit themselves. They are able to persuade us to give precedence to their interests and con-cems instead of ours. They are able to change the course of history to their advantage and to our disadvantage by changing the way the American masses see the world. They were able to do that in the 1930s and 1940s, even before television. Today, with television, they are even more able to change American attitudes and opinions to gain advantages for themselves.
And today there are plenty of other examples of the Jews' misuse of their media power to manipulate the opinions and attitudes of our people to our disadvantage. There is the current prospect of another war in the Middle East. Saddam Hussein and Iraq are being held up as a threat to America, a threat to the world, just as Germany was represented as a threat to the world before the Second World War, when in fact Iraq is a threat only to the Jews' plans for die Middle East, and Germany was a threat only to the Jews' plans for controlling Europe. But the prospect of another war is very real, and it will remain real as long as the Jews retain their control of the media and of U.S. government policy. Iraq certainly is no threat to America and never has been, but if the Jews become worried about Saddam Hussein's ability to thwart Israel's further expansion, you can be sure that we will be called on again to save America, to save freedom, and to save the world by “liberating” Iraq. And unfortunately, most Americans will respond to the call. They will believe that they are being patriotic by responding, just as most of the veterans of the Second World War still believe that they were being patriotic in responding to the call to save America from Hider.
I Subscribe “to I
| FREE SPEECH |
I Send $40 and your name and ■ | address to National Vanguard | Books at the address at the bottom . of the page.
I	(Please write clearly.)	■
This photo, also from the February 1937 issue of National Geographic, was captioned: “Omnipresent Swastika signs encircle Hitler Platz in Charlottenburg: Foreign flags are displayed in honor of visiting Olympic contenders; flanking the Stars and Stripes are the colors of Uruguay, and Germany. This platz, or square — with nearby Broadcasting House, fair grounds, and athletic fields — is becoming a new bright-light center in west Berlin.”
That's not the way it should be. Our people's patriotism shouldn't be abused like that. Our mass media shouldn't be used to manipulate our people to our disadvantage. Of course, most people being what they are, they will be manipulated one way or another. Most people will believe what they're told to believe by their television. Which means that it is essential that the people who control the mass media, the people who decide what the masses should be told — these must be our people, people with our interests — not people with an entirely different agenda of their own. The mass media could be a powerful force for good, a powerful force for enlightening and uplifting and guiding our people rather than for exploiting them.
A lot of people understand that; they understand the power of the mass media. Our political leaders certainly understand that. Many academics understand it. But they won't buck the Jews. They prefer to go with the flow, to get what advantage they can for themselves, but not to speak out against die way the media have been and are being misused to exploit our people. They are afraid of becoming targets of Jewish hate-propaganda themselves. And they understand the
difficulty of convincing the public of the truth after the public already has been convinced of a lie. The public is fond of its myths, especially its patriotic myths, and hardly any patriotic myth is more cherished than that of the Second World War being a necessary and a moral war.
And so the politicians and the academics won't point out the lies inherent in Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan. And that means that we'll have to do it ourselves, the hard way. We'll have to continue building our own media: media like American Dissident Voices and Free Speech. That's a long and difficult job. And while we're doing that we'll be hearing and seeing a lot more romanticized propaganda from Steven Spielberg and the Weinstein brothers and the rest of the Jewish media establishment. But at least we are reaching more people with the truth this month than we did last month, and we'll reach more still next month.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Media Myths,” aired on August 15, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year