FREE SPEECH • JANUARY 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. 1
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH

Brainwashing Our Children
Dr. William Pierce

What Is a Patriot to Do?
Dr. William Pierce
The White Farmers of Zimbabwe
Dr. William Pierce

The Criminal in the White House
Dr. William Pierce
Brainwashing Our Children
Last week a member of the organization I head, the National Alliance, sent me something his nine-year-old daughter had brought home from school. He lives in Macon, Georgia, and his daughter is a fourth grader at a private school there. Last week her class went on a field trip to visit a Black museum in Macon and learn a bit about Black history. The museum is the federally funded Tub-man African American Museum. It's supported by our tax dollars.
It is named after Harriet Tub-man, a Black slave who was employed by Abolitionist organizations in the North during the period just before the Civil War to induce other slaves in the South to leave their plantations and head north along the so-called “Underground Railroad.” Sometimes she used a revolver to coax those who weren't sure they wanted to go. The White fourth graders visiting the museum got a little sermon about the wickedness of slavery and of White
people for having imposed it on Blacks. They also had a lecture on the history and accomplishments of Negroes, and each was handed a sheet headed “African American Inventor's” (sic) listing 120 or so things supposedly invented by Blacks.
Here are the first six items on the list of Black inventions: the pyramids,
White children not only are forced to go to school with Blacks; they are told that Black accomplishments exceed those of Whites.
paper, chess, the alphabet, medicine, and civilization.
After this start the rest of the list is a bit anticlimactic, with such items as the doorknob, the mop, the curtain rod, peanut butter, and the helicopter.
With the exception of peanut butter, which is generally credited to Black agricultural technician George Washington Carver, this list is so fantastic that most of us get a good chuckle when we read it.
But the really tragic part of this story is that, although these wild pipe-dreams about Blacks designing and architecting the pyramids, inventing the alphabet and the helicopter, and so on may be funny to us, they're not funny to White fourth graders. When a museum guide, even a Black guide, or their teacher tells them that Blacks invented paper, the alphabet, and civilization, they take it all very seriously. They believe it. My member's nine-yearold daughter believed it. She
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
{G1
African American inventor's
Pyramids
Paper
Chase
Alphabet
Madoine'
CMUafton Amsplane PrepsUng Btocut Cutter Facing Bad Coin Changer Rotiry Engine Car Coupler Later Box
QbWiiiamiPtdi Com Plantar Cotton Plantar boning Board Paca Makar Control# Ouktod Maries Torpodo Obchargar Sheet Sweeper Dlapo—Ma Syringe Horae Bridal Bit Homo Security System Mor sashes Lawn Uourar Typawrtar Tran Alarm Wage Converter For Rotfaden Detector Paanut Butter Paints and SUfne Lottone and Soaps PUow UtlLdng AirrWUar Track Athlete Trainer Automatic Flehing Reel loo Craam Meld Horse RMng Sodde Shoo
Playr Plano
Aim for Record Ptayor
Door Stop
Door Knob
Photo Print Iftbrii
Photo Emboodng Ma chins
Postal Latter Bok
Stood Plaama
Total (Commode)
Fumlturo Caatar
OuRar
bony* - Oyroplano
fcanyoBSCi ArtcmabWi
Bkootorboavd
OoNTao
Mator
Africana
AJTrCJUlC
Africana
Africana
Africana
Africana
James & Adam a A. P. Ashbowne L. C. Belav Jam as A. Bauer AncbewJL Baard AncbewJ. Beard G£ . Backet Alfred Benjamin Hanry Bab Henry BUk Sarah Boom Ota Boykin Ole Boykin H Bratmarry Ch arise Brooke Phi Brooks L F. Down Mtrfa Brown OMBl. Brown John A. Bui Burridga A Marehman R. A Butler OsoCamAham Oao CamAhara Oao Vt Carver Oao W Carver QaoWCrawor Larry LCMatta John Ctark OaorgaCook A. L Olio We 0. Dabs W. A. Date Joaaph Dtoktom Jaaaph Okfcfcwon O. Ocraoy
O.	Doroay CUttonto J. Dorttous CUtonto J. Dontoua
P.	B. Downing Dr. Chart a* Draw T. Elkina OmMAnrimr Robert Hemmtnga Jr. PmAdOtoana
Da Jd otter* DaWdOttana Oaorga F. Or ant J. Gregory Mriwol Harney
Auguituo
■TTjm
jack son
Thawne Hair Ouriaro Space BtniHe (toototml Amt lea Craam'
Gao Burner'
Mohan Tatta	HA Jackson
Programmable Remote OontroUooapfi ft Jbaltoon \Adao Commandar	JeoapbN. Jackson
OF.CatriawAton Mfiooti ArtsJenkins BteyotoPromo	tooocfL Jdmoon
Sanl-Phon#
tftk ... i bi
VtTbimi
Super Soaker Eya Protect or
assr
Air CondUonino Uht Two-Cyda Gas Enpna Intomd Ccmbudton En^no Starter Qanarator nofrtdgardton Controls Bode Cap Clotosa Oraaaar Boctric Lamp Printing Pram Laser Fuels Praaaura Cookar Envelops Seal Window Cleaner Panel Bharpnor Pbo EidqgMhor
Lock » > '
8hoo Lasting Machine Lubricators Rocket Catopuk Bevtoar GosMaak Traffic Signal Hair Brum Heating Furnaca Air Ship (Bfcnp) FoldtogGhsb Hand stamp Fotmlain Pen Dust Pan
Insect Daaboyar Qun
Baby Buggy
Sugar ndwament
PresetogComb
Hab Dnptog Dodos
Clothes Drier
CoBdar Phone
UrindydoMaeNna
Hytoaidc Shock Absorber
Curtain Rod
Utd fltaga Rocket
Lawn Sprinkler
Airtomdli Gear BNft
RMrtdpwrior
Mop
CatOa Raping Apparatus »ak Ok*bngWharicherr Pofrm Wrier Rsduc. Paktt HtROQpfeV Fire Eaoapa Ladder Talaphcna Tran am fetor Bectric Out*Cff 8wteh Rotor bwbwoant Telephone Byatom Poekto Mach Brake OokmrSc Bakery Pietric RabaoyOyotam BoBorCeoator. /
Auto Ab Brake
Jerry Johnson John A Johnson Lonnto Johnson
f) IrJiri ■ ri n r. JOfTrSOn
WJohnson Fredrick M. Jones Fredrick M. Jones Fredrick M. Jonas Fredrick M. Jonas Fredrick M. Jones Fredrick M. Jonas Jones Along John K Jordan Latimer & Nkhds Vi A Lavriatte Lester Las Maurice M. Lea
F.	W. Lasts A1 Lewis John L Lowe Tom J. Mordtal W A Martin Jan Mdrelger Eljay McCoy Hugri MacDonald Alexander Mtoe Garrett Morgan Garstt Morgan Lyda Newman Alee H Parker J.F. Pickering Purdy/Sadgwar W B. Purvle
W. B. Purvis LF. Roy
AC.	Richardson Vi H. Richardson
N.	Rlleux Writer Sammona Writer Sammons
G.	T. Sampson Henry Sampson Deway Bandar son Ralph Sander son 8. R. SooQron Adolph flhammo jTwSrath
R. ABpNtes J. Standard T. W. Stewart Darryl Thomas RufueJ. Weaver Morris B WMIami Paul g. Warns J. B. tMntora QramrSeT. Woods OrmwleT. Woods OranvSsT. Wbods GranvbeT. Woods OranvbaT. Woods GranvboT. Woods QrarwloT. Wmda OrartvSeT. Woods OrorwrBoT. Woods
WL \
The Maker of the Universe it no respecter of ooiours; that the colour of the skin in no way connected with the strength end mind or Intellectual powers; that although the God of Nature has marked the face of the African wtth a darker hue than his brathsrsn. He has gken htma soul equally capable of refinement
•Editor fo the 1796 Bannefcar Almanac Itepon iSdtla Qsoiflls Peck Pbqbb / Resource QuMs 1996
b
TUBMAN
AFRICAN AMERICAN
MUSEUM
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
These public school students are looking over African symbols they will use to decorate their Adinkra doth." Adinkra doth originated in 19th century Ghana when European techniques were adopted and used to make funeral apparel for wealthy tribal leaders. Afrocentrists don’t mention this. They daim it as wholly African and say the symbols on it represent “African values" such as monotheism, love, fidelity, strength, and spirituality.
If any apology is owed, it is an apology to White Americans today from the very small percentage of our ancestors who were in the business of running plantations in the pre-Civil War South and whose desire for slave labor inflicted the Blade presence on us. It really is a shame that all of the original North American colonies didn't have the sort of geography and dimatc which existed in New England, where giant cotton, sugar cane, and tobacco plantations just
weren't feasible, and the farms were worked by the families which owned them instead of by Black slaves.
Most of the Southern plantation owners were decent people; they just weren't foresighted enough. They let immediate economic necessities dictate their behavior rather than long-range considerations of what was good for their people and for America. For their plantations to be prosperous, they needed slave labor. But if they could have looked two or three centuries into the future and seen the
havoc wreaked on our cities and on American society by the descendants of their slaves, I think many of them would have sent their slaves back to Africa, given up the plantation business, and gone into another line of work.
I've said this before, but I'll say it again now: Whites didn't enslave Blacks — ever. WTiat Whites did was make the mistake buying Black slaves from other Blacks who had enslaved them and then bringing their merchandise to this country. That was a terrible mistake, and we should rectify it at once by sending back to Africa all of the descendants of those slaves we bought. We shouldn't even charge them for the time they spent here, which was a much more pleasant time dian they would have spent in Africa, and which has been a very expensive time indeed for us.
And I think we should send Mr. Clinton and Mr. Spielberg with them. The Blacks voted for Mr. Clinton here; maybe they'd like to vote for him in Africa. He can run around making campaign speeches at the dedication of all sorts of new Harriet Tub-man Museums, which will be able to do a lot less damage with their imaginative lists of Black inventions over there than over here.
And maybe they will appreciate Mr. Spielberg making propaganda films in Africa. He can make a film about the African invention of the doorknob, for example. He can depict brilliant Black scientists laboring in their laboratories to develop the doorknob while vicious, scheming Whites plot to steal this invention from them. That film ought to be a big hit in Senegal, Guinea, and the Ivory Coast.
Really, this is no joking matter. The brainwashing of our children is a fighting matter. "White children in public and private schools all over America are Being indoctrinated and lied to about racial matters. Most of the lies are not as naively concocted as those distributed by the Tubman African American Museum, but they are all the more dangerous for being more sophisticated. The lies come in many forms. Some of them are in the form of Politically Correct textbooks and Politically Correct history lessons. Others are in the form of popular entertainment, such as Steven Spielberg's Amistad, and just about any T.V. show you can name. Some are in the form of folksy posturing and pretended concern and compassion of the sort the whole country is being
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
5
subjected to in Mr. Clinton's racial-togetherness program.
This is a fighting matter, because the aim of this brainwashing is nothing less than our physical destruction as a people, nothing less than our annihilation as a race. It is designed to sap our will to resist the racially destructive programs which have been imposed on us during the past 50 years. It is designed to make us feel guilty if we hesitate to go along with our own destruction. It is designed to rob us of our racial consciousness, our culture, our racial roots. It is designed to make racial suicide and racial treason trendy and fashionable.
And it is working. It is having the intended effect. Being anti-White is the Politically Correct attitude in most of our universities today. Welcoming the impending demise of Whites everywhere and the inheritance of the earth by the colored hordes of the Third World is fashionable among White students. Supporting this fashion are the sort of erroneous ideas being promoted in Black history courses and mass entertainment a la Spielberg: ideas that all races are essentially equal intellectually and morally, that they all have equal civilization building potential.
The fact that the Blacks have never built a civilization is only proof that they have been held down by
White racism. The fact that the Black crime rate is about ten times the White rate and the fact that Blacks do so poorly on IQ tests are also due to White racism. When the Whites are gone — or at least so outnumbered that they can't run the show — all the races will get along fine, they all will be able to show their full potential, and everyone will live happily ever after.
This is the kind of muddled thinking that Mr. Clinton is encouraging with his current campaign for racial togetherness. And anyone who raises his voice against this brainwashing campaign or the lethally fashionable attitudes on race it has fostered is routinely denounced by Mr. Spielberg's Jewish media colleagues as a “hater.” That's the way they talk about me. Mr. Clinton then calls for new legislation to oudaw hate. And the trendy airheads at our universities applaud.
‘Yes, yes, let's oudaw the hate. Let's have love and brotherhood and peace. Peace between the races/ they cry. But there is no peace. Look at our cities and our schools today. There is no peace. If there were peace Mr. Clinton would not have an excuse for his present campaign of chicanery and fraud about racial togetherness.
And is it my fault that there is no peace? I did not make the policies which have brought about the present situation. I have not sponsored the policies which have brought us the crime, disorder, fear, and hatred which characterize racial relations in the United States today. Those policies are the work of Mr. Spielberg's kinsmen and of the corrupt politicians like Mr. Clinton who have adopted those policies in return for media support. They are the ones who have brought so much hatred and unhappiness to our society.
The one thing that will quell that hatred and disorder and give people hope again is racial separation. And racial separation is what we will have. We will put an end to the brainwashing and the lies. We will have an America in which no little White girl is ever again taught the destructive lies my member's nine-year-old daughter was taught in Macon, Georgia. And Mr. Clinton and Mr. Spielberg be damned.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Brainwashing Our Children,” aired on December 13, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
What Is a Patriot to Do?
Perhaps you have heard about the decision of the New Orleans school board last month to change the name of one of the city's schools, George Washington Elementary School, to Charles Richard Drew Elementary School: a decision which has been applauded by all the usual suspects.
Charles Drew was a man of mixed race — slighdy mixed anyway, approximately an octoroon, judging by his appearance — who, working under the direction of a White professor at Columbia University just before the Second World War, helped in the development of new methods for preserving and storing blood and blood components. In 1940 he was appointed the head of a “Blood for Britain” program to ship dried blood from the United States to Britain. Although Drew certainly deserves
credit for his work in the blood-bank field, groups searching desperately for non-White achievers to hold up as “proofs” of racial equality have made a bit too much of his accomplishments and a bit too much of his supposed Blackness. They have unabashedly proclaimed him a “Black man,” when he actually was seven-eighths or more White.
Changing the name of that elementary school in New Orleans last month wasn't based on a decision that Drew's accomplishments were more deserving of recognition than Washington's, of course. It was based on the fact that Charles Drew has been represented in “Black history” curricula as Black, and George Washington was indisputably White. Actually, the specific reason given for the name change was that George Washington owned Black slaves, and that makes
him an unsuitable person to hold up as a role model for elementary school students. You see, the fact that Washington owned Black slaves means that he wasn't an egalitarian; he didn't believe in racial equality. He was, therefore, a — dare I say it — a racist. So certainly we don't want schools named after him. That might make the kiddies think that we approve of racism.
Now, people with a democratic turn of mind might try to excuse Washington's racism by pointing out that in his day everyone was a racist. One could be a racist and still belong to the country club. Indeed, one could hardly belong to the country club without being a racist. Everyone of quality, of intelligence, of accomplishment was a racist. So, you see, Washington wasn't such a bad person after all, if he was just going with the flow.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
But that democratic excuse doesn't hold any water for today's egalitarian zealots, who otherwise are such great admirers of everything democratic. Their response is: Yes, yes. They all were racists! The memory of all of them should be blotted out!
And that's what they have been doing these past few decades. They have been rewriting the history books and revising the school curricula to put these racist ancestors of ours in their proper place, as the moral inferiors of Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King, and as the intellectual inferiors of Charles Drew and George Washington Carver, the great Black inventor of peanut butter (despite his parents' lack of sensitivity in choosing his name).
And now the time has come to wipe out the last visible symbols of these wicked ancestors of ours. The time has come to make it perfectly dear to everyone that we definitely do not approve of them, and so they must be stripped of their honors. Their names and images must be removed from public sight. The zealots have been changing the names of boulevards, schools, and buildings during the past few years. And doing it rather quiedy for the most part, trying not to rouse any opposition. Patrick Henry Boulevard has become Martin Luther King Boulevard. Robert E. Lee High School has become Frederick Douglass High School. Twenty-two schools in New Orleans alone have had their names changed during the past five years for reasons of Political Correctness. And now George Washington Elementary School has become Charles Richard Drew Elementary School.
And where is the opposition? Where is it? Of course, the mass media have not been making too much noise about this business of changing names, and so the couch potatoes have not even looked up from their ball games and situation comedies. There has been a little twittering among some conservative Americans. One or two newspaper columnists who cater to conservative readers have expressed a whiff of polite indignation: not too much, of course; they don't want anyone Co think that they are racists.
Charles Richard Drew
That must have been the thinking of the White members of the New Orleans school board. It's true that they were outnumbered by the Black majority on the school board. Blacks are becoming the majorities on the school boards of all too many of our cities. But the vote to scrap the memory of George Washington because he was a racist was unanimous. The White school board members, good democrats all, voted with the Black members. Certainly, they didn't want to vote against the Blacks and let people suspect them of being racists. They remind me of the Whites on the O.J. Simpson jury.
And so now the zealots may proceed with their campaign, considerably emboldened by the lack of resistance. They may proceed with the destruction of our past. We have tacitly given them our permission. And the real aim of their campaign is the destruction of our future. When we no longer honor our great and noble ancestors, when we no longer care about them, when we no longer even remember them, then we have no future. Then our race will become extinct, and other races will inherit the earth.
That is the real aim behind this campaign to rename our schools and other institutions. And how long do you think it will be before most White kids have no idea who George Washington was, or Patrick Henry?
The feminists, the homosexuals, the Jews, and their collabo ators can hardly wait. They hate our great and noble ancestors, because those ances-tors rejected them and everything that they stand for.
Do you think that George Washington would have smiled politely if he had encountered a couple of homosexuals holding hands and kissing each other in his favorite tavern? Do you think he would have remained politely silent if feminists and Jews were openly pushing the sort of socially destructive programs in his day that they have been pushing in ours? Do you think he would have socialized with someone like Bill Clinton? And of course, on top of all that he was a racist, and so they can enlist the support of the Blacks in their campaign to blot out our past and our future.
Do you think that I make too much of this Clintonista program to rename our public schools? Am I justified in seeing a serious plan on the part of our enemies to destroy our children's memory of their ancestors, just because they're renaming ail the schools and other public places which now carry the names of White racists?
Is this really something we ought to take seriously, something which merits our contemplating serious action in response?
Yes, it is something we must take seriously. It is part of a larger plan to destroy our people. It is a plan which has been going on for decades now, but has been greatly speeded up in the Clinton era. It is a plan with many separate programs, and the changing of the names of schools is only one of those programs. The overall plan is to destroy everything in our society which ties us to our history, to our traditions, to our values, to our racial identity. Our concepts of personal honor, of propriety, of right and wrong also are under attack. And the people who are behind this plan, the Jews and their collaborators, have never had a better opportunity to
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
push it forward than now, when they have a piece of filth in the White House who respects nothing, who honors nothing, who values nothing beyond himself, a true child of the 1960s, a genuine narcissist, a real smart-ass who believes that he can get away with anything and is willing to try anything as long as the media Jews will cover for him.
Clinton's unrelenting attacks on America's armed forces .ever since he came into office are based in large part on the tradition of honor associated with the military. That's what makes them so hateful to the Clinton-istas. Clinton first tried to force the armed forces to accept homosexuals. He then appointed anti-military bureaucrats to oversee the armed forces and implement every program they could to destroy military morale and spirit.
Just a few days ago one of those bureaucrats, a feminist lawyer he appointed to the post of assistant secretary of the Army, Sara Lister, publicly denounced the U.S. Marines as “extremists,” because their concepts of honor and tradition are a bit stronger than those of the other armed forces. She sneeringly referred to the Marines' “checkerboard fancy uniforms and stuff* as one of the things which makes them “extremists,” one of the things which has to go in order to make good, Politically Correct democrats out of the Marines.
Pardon my language, but how much of this kind of crap does it take to accomplish what these filthy animals are trying to accomplish? Sara Lister got the boot when her denunciation of the Marines evoked an angry response from too many people, but thousands of people like her remain in the Clinton government and what they are doing is corrosive. It is destructive. Any nation, any people, which puts up with it is on the way out.
Ms. Lister, by the way, was the one Bill Clinton had in charge of doling out burial lots at Arlington National Cemetery to people with the right connections.
What is a patriot to do about this situation? What is a member of the small minority of White Americans who are perceptive and able to think
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
for themselves — a member of the small minority still able to entertain an undemocratic thought — what is he to do when he understands what the enemies of his people are up to and when he contemplates the timidity of most of his fellows and the opportunistic collaboration of many others with those enemies?
It is a discouraging prospect, indeed. One can sympathize with those who lash out violently against this situation. One can understand and sympathize with their anger and frustration, even if one does not agree with their tactics. One can even understand the Islamic fundamentalists who denounce America as the “Great Satan” and regard this country as a danger to the whole world. We don't have to accept Islam to agree with them that American society has become dangerously pathological. A self-destructive society which has aircraft carriers and nuclear weapons is a danger to everyone.
Many people have written to me and have told me that they agree with my analysis of the situation in America and that they share my values and my concerns. But they also have been much more pessimistic than I am. They tell me, “We have waited too long to take action. It is too late to save this country now. Just look at the numbers. Look at how many Blacks there are in our cities. Look at how many Mexicans and Asians already are in our country, and millions more are coming in every year. If we try to straighten things out it will become a bloody mess, and millions of our own people will be killed. Besides, there's no way we can unite our people for such a struggle, because the Jewish grip on the media is too strong.” And so they do nothing.
The people who tell me these things are not stupid. I cannot dispute their facts. I cannot dispute their numbers. I am sure that they are correct about things becoming a bloody mess in America. I agree with them that it will be very difficult to organize our people while the Jews still have almost a total monopoly on the media of communication. I agree with them that the hour is very late indeed. But I do not believe that it is too late to do anything. I do not believe that we
7
must sit on our hands and watch our enemies destroy our future.
Try to look at our situation from a historical perspective. Think of what's at stake here. It's not a question of eidier preserving the peace or causing bloody chaos. It is a question of existence or non-existence.
Think of the long course of development of our civilization, from the ancient Greeks and Romans up to the present. More than that, think of the uncounted millennia of prehistoric development of our people, the millions of years of separate evolution, through Ice Age after Ice Age, that made us what we are. Think of all of the great and noble souls that have belonged to our people, the great poets and philosophers and leaders that we know about as well as all the ones we can't know about because they lived during the prehistoric era. Think about all of their aspirations through the ages. Think about their struggles and sacrifices, so that their generation could survive and give birth to the next.
Think about the horrors and suffering that they endured over the millennia. Think about the invasions of the Huns, the Avars, the Moors, and the Mongols. Think about the Indian Wars and the scalping parties our American ancestors endured. We owe everything we have to them. It is our responsibility to pass on to the next generation what these earlier generations have given to us, no matter what it takes, not to wring our hands and moan that it is too late.
Certainly, there may be bloody chaos if we resist the Jews and their collaborators. Certainly, millions of our own people may die in the chaos, but it hardly can be worse than what our ancestors already have endured. It hardly can be worse than the bloody chaos our Celtic ancestors endured when Caesar's army, acting for an already decadent Rome, devastated their homeland, destroyed their cities and villages, butchered their men, and carried their women off into slavery. It hardly can be worse than the bloody chaos our Germanic ancestors endured when the Huns invaded Europe more than 1500 years ago. It hardly can be worse than the bloody
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
European people and European culture evolved over thousands of years. Both are unique and must be preserved.
chaos the Russian and Ukrainian people suffered during the Mongol invasions of the Middle Ages. It hardly can be worse than the bloody chaos that Jewish Bolshevism inflicted
on our people in Europe in this century, a chaos in which millions of our best people were murdered or worked to death in forced-labor camps simply because they were the best and there-
fore the most hated by the enemies of our people.
Yes, the great cleansing which must come may destroy millions of our own people, the innocent along with the guilty, the good along with the bad. And the longer we wait, the more it will destroy. But eventually it must come, because odierwise our whole people will die, and everything that has gone before as well as everything that might come in the future will be lost forever. The great cleansing must come, and we must do whatever it takes to ensure that it does, so that our people will live.
And we should not flinch from this. We should not focus on the fact that it will be horrible and bloody, but on the fact that it is necessary, and because it is necessary it is good. And because it is something which should come soon, it should be looked upon as a great challenge and a great opportunity for those of our people who are in their twenties or their thirties now.
They will have a greater opportunity to serve their people, to serve the future with great and noble deeds, than almost any generation which has come before. There will be many heroes, many who will be remembered as the saviors of their people to the ending of the world.
Tliis article is based on die American Dissident Voices program “What Is a Patriot to Do?,” aired on November 29, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.

Subscribe to Free Speech!
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe.
Enclose $40 for a one year (12 issue) subscription to Free Speech.
Name:
Address:
Mail to:
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946

Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
H’iiimiTf'iTfn in Trt^nrrfTirmii^nii'irififinniVfii ifi f'l'i rifM'in n r. f 'irionfiiinr ruin ~in r nnr r ~ nrr r r pr r rnno
WS8SR
I I

1
1
I

fCj 1998 - National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
9
The White Farmers of Zimbabwe
A year ago, just after Mr. Clinton had rented out the bedrooms in the White House often enough, had sold enough cemetery plots in Arlington National Cemetery, and had raked in enough well-laundered cash from Buddhist nuns and Chinese gangsters to get himself re-elected, he appointed an all-Jewish national security and foreign policy team to his cabinet. One member of this team claimed to have discovered that she is a Jewess only after she had been appointed secretary of state. Perhaps the idea behind that little ploy was to convince the American public that Mr. Clinton hadn't realized he was appointing all Jews to the most important positions in his cabinet. Perhaps it was intended to fool the voters into believing that the President was free to appoint a Gentile to the top foreign policy position if he wanted to, and that he thought he had appointed a Gentile as secretary of state.
Madeleine Albright's Jewishness would have become public knowledge anyway, because everyone but the voters already knew she was a Jewess, so why not make it seem like a big surprise to Mr. Clinton and throw the public off the scent7
Now the Jewish foreign policy of the United States is out in the open for everyone to see. That policy, in brief, is to bully the whole world into line with Jewish interests, to make the whole world subservient to Jewish desires. It is to destroy national sovereignty wherever it exists and subordinate national wills to the United Nations, to the New World Order.
More specifically, the Jewish policy in the Middle East has been to cripple or destroy any country which might stand up to Israel and block that country's continued expansion. That's why Iraqi children continue to die from malnutrition and lack of medicine as the United Nations continues the embargo against Iraq. The policy elsewhere in the world is to force democracy on every country, because democratic governments are more easily manipulated and controlled. They are subject to whoever
A White farmer recently murdered in Zimbabwe
controls the mass media and thereby the attitudes and opinions of the voters.
Unless Iraq needs her further ministrations, Mrs. Albright will be off to Africa this month to bully and bribe the various Black-ruled countries there into line. She will tell them that unless they want to receive the Iraq treatment they had better become more democratic. She will be taking this message to Ethiopia, Rwanda, Uganda, the Congo, South Africa, and Zimbabwe. There will be much blather about human rights for the sake of the gullible TV-watching public back in the United States.
One group whose human rights Mrs. Albright certainly will not be making much noise about when she is in Zimbabwe, however, will be the White farmers of Zimbabwe. Their land is scheduled to be seized by the government and given to Blacks. If you remember, Zimbabwe used to be Rhodesia, and Rhodesia and South Africa were the only two civilized countries, the only two White countries, in sub-Saharan Africa. When the former British Empire, during its period of crazed self-dismemberment after the Second World War, tried to turn what had been the self-ruling colony of Southern Rhodesia over to Black rule, the White colonists who had built the colony out of the jungle declared their independence and called their new country Rhodesia.
That was 32 years ago, in 1965. The United Nations, prompted by
Britain and the United States, immediately applied pressure to force the White Rhodesians to submit themselves to Black rule. The White Rhodesians, outnumbered by more than 20 to one by Black savages, held out against Black terrorist attacks and a United Nations embargo and continued to flourish. The Jews in the United States and Britain used their control of the mass media to pour a torrent of unremitting hatred on the White Rhodesians. It became absolutely the trendiest thing on university campuses for students and faculty to express their commitment to feel-good egalitarianism by demonstrating against White Rhodesians and White South Africans and calling for their universities to sell any investments in companies still doing business in those countries.
Christian organizations followed the lead and sent money to Black terrorist groups fighting to overthrow the Rhodesian government. This led to an ironic sort of justice, when the Black terrorists began butchering the White volunteers in the numerous mission schools the churches had set up in Rhodesia earlier, simply because these mission schools were the easiest and safest White targets for the Black terrorists. Eventually, in 1976, a treacherous government in South Africa tried to gain favor with the Jews and take some of the international pressure off itself by throwing Rhodesia to the wolves.
South Africa had been Rhodesia's principal trading partner and her only source of new arms, especially helicopters, since the UN embargo effectively cut her off from the rest of the world. Even after the South African government cut off the supply of arms, Rhodesians kept up the fight to maintain their independence and hold the Black terrorists at bay, however.
What finally destroyed Rhodesia was the same thing which later destroyed South Africa, and that was moral failure on the part of the White population. White Rhodesians were under unremitting attack by the con-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books * Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
trolled media everywhere, and to a lesser extent by the Christian churches. But the Rhodesians failed to come to grips with this. White Rhodesians needed to make a complete mental and spiritual break with the world of their enemies. They needed to set themselves against everything their enemies stood for.
But they never dealt with the Jews and with the most treacherous elements in the Christian churches as enemies. Instead they kept trying to ingratiate themselves with their enemies. They wanted to be accepted by their enemies. They wanted to be treated as “good people” by the Jewish media instead of as evil White racists. They were desperate to be fashionable again. They wanted to be loved by their enemies. They believed much of their enemies' propaganda against diem. They accepted, or felt obligated to pretend to accept, the ideological premises of racial equality and democracy. They denied that they were “racists.” And eventually, in 1979, their morale completely undermined by the enemies' propaganda, they voted to turn their country over to the Black terrorists against whom they had been fighting quite successfully.
With the blessings of the United Nations, the Jewish media, and the churches, the rule of the country was taken over by one of the Black terrorist leaders, Robert Mugabe, in 1980. The presidency was formally given to a Black cleric named, believe it or not, Canaan Banana. Later terrorist leader Mugabe decided he could dispense with this formality and had the powers of the presidency vested in himself, after Banana had disgraced himself by his flagrant homosexual behavior, which included the homosexual rape of one of the policemen assigned to guard the presidential palace.
And for the last 17 years the Whites of Rhodesia, which was renamed “Zimbabwe,” tried to go on about their business of running their farms and hoping that the promises of the Black government to respect their rights could be trusted. Now they've found out that their hopes were in vain. Mugabe has designated approximately half of all the farmland in Zimbabwe owned by White farm-
A 19th Century Rhodesian Woman
ers for seizure by his government without compensation. The White farms then will be divided up and given to former members of his terrorist army in return for their continued political support. The Whites, of course, are quite distressed by this. Most of them have lived in Rhodesia/ Zimbabwe all their lives, and everything they have is in their farms. They will be financially ruined by Mugabe's planned “ethnic cleansing” of Zimbabwe's farmland and will have nowhere to go. Their laments have been largely ignored by the rest of the world, because they are members of a Politically Incorrect race. And, of course, the controlled media in Britain and the United States have been conspicuously quiet about this mass confiscation.
About the only concern in the West seems to be over the likelihood that in taking the White farms Mugabe will hurt Black Zimbabweans even more than he is hurting the White farmers. Mugabe's move is very popular among Blacks, of course, who have long resented the fact that Zimbabwe's tiny White minority owns half of all the good farmland in the country. But the White-owned farms have been producing virtually all of Zimbabwe's agricultural output and keeping a substantial portion of the country's Blacks employed as farm
workers. The half of the country's farmland currendy owned by Blacks is used only for subsistence farming and contributes nothing to the national economy. By taking half of the White farmland and giving it to Blacks, Mugabe will be effectively cutting the gross national product of Zimbabwe in half and putting about 200,000 Black form workers out of work, amounting to about one out of every eight Blacks currendy holding a paying job of any sort in Zimbabwe.
Furthermore, the prospects for foreign investment in Zimbabwe will be considerably dimmed by the confiscation. The prospects for the 1500 or so White farmers allowed to keep their farms (temporarily) are also not good. Many of them will also leave the country. The present confiscation should teach them what they should have understood from the first: namely, that in the long run it is not feasible for Whites to lead a normal, healthy, productive life under Black rule.
The dilemma for the White liberals in Britain and America is that they want very much for countries like Zimbabwe to be successful and prosperous. They want Zimbabwe to be a proof to the world that a Black-ruled country can be stable and viable. They need this to prop up their claims of racial equality. And they understand that if Mugabe kicks out his tiny minority of White farmers, Zimbabwe's economy will collapse. They understand it, but they can't admit it publicly. I mean, how does that look: a country of 11 million Blacks being propped up by the activity of just 3,000 White farmers? The liberals and the Jews know that if the land of those White farmers is given to Blacks, the land no longer will be productive, and the country's economy will collapse. They know that the Blacks simply will not be able to run the forms efficiently and productively. They know it, but they dare not admit it.
So this is what Mrs. Albright will do: she will try to persuade Mugabe, quietly and privately, to hold off on his confiscation of White forms. She probably won't succeed in that because Mugabe is already fully committed to the confiscation, and if he
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
A Rhodesian farm family in the 1960’s
anged his mind now he might face revolution from his disappointed lowers. So next Mrs. Albright will omise to bail out the Zimbabwean onomy with U.S. foreign aid. The .S. taxpayers will keep Mugabe •opped up after the White farmers : Zimbabwe have been kicked out. ut Mugabe will have to promise lrs. Albright that in return for the J.S. aid he will allow his government p be a little more democratic and a ttle more responsive to directives rom the United Nations.
That's the way things were done jack during the Cold War, when American taxpayers supported dozens of non-viable little Third World outfits posing as “countries” in order to keep them from collaborating with the Soviet Union. Now the same racket is being used to bribe into line with the New World Order those countries which can't be bullied into line.
The really clever thing about Mrs. Albright's racket is that it compels us to finance our own destruction. Most of the American taxpayers who will be taxed to keep Mugabe's Zimbabwe afloat with U.S. foreign aid will believe that, much as they dislike paying taxes, foreign aid is a necessary thing, because it makes the world safer and more stable. The United Nations, they believe, is a good thing, because it helps prevent wars. They don't stop to think that it was United Nations policy which caused the present situation in Zimbabwe. It was United Nations pressure and hostility, it was the United Nations embargo, which helped persuade the White Rhodesians to surrender their country to Mugabe and his terrorists in 1979. No matter how much United Nations spokesmen may protest that they didn't intend for things to work out this way, it was United Nations policy which has led to the dispossession of the White farmers of Zimbabwe and the resultant need to prop that country up economically. White Rhodesia never needed a handout from anyone.
Now the Whites of Rhodesia are being destroyed, and we, the White taxpayers of America will pay for the consequences of this. And Mrs. Albright and her devious clan will continue their manipulations, supposedly to make the world a safer place for democracy, but actually to make a
basket case out of the world so that it can be more easily controlled.
Let me give you an important hint: When trying to understand what the Jews are up to, you look at what they are doing and what they have done; you don't listen to what they tell you they plan to do. You don't let yourself be distracted by the patter and the hand-waving; you keep your eye on the shell which has the pea under it. You don't let yourself be fooled by all of the blather about
“democracy” and “human rights” and “international security.” You just keep your mind on the fact that United Nations policies always have resulted in our people being killed or dispossessed, with the Rhodesians being merely one example of this. Also remember that when a country like Iraq ignores United Nations directives, we go to war to make it obey, and to punish it for its independence we enforce embargoes which result in hundreds of thousands of its children
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
A Rhodesian soldier in 1951
dying. But when Israel ignores United Nations directives, nothing happens. Absolutely nothing. Under-stand?
And I'll give you Another Hint: the Jews aren't able to get away with
leading the world around by the nose because they're better looking than we are, or because they can talk faster. It's not even because they're smarter than we are — and they are fairly smart, on the average. No, the reason
they were able to persuade Mr. Clinton to choose an all-Jewish foreign policy team is because they are better organized than we are; they know how to act as a group. The reason they are able to use the United Nations for their own ends is that they know what those ends are. They know what they want as a people and they are organized as a people for getting it. They are able to use their control of the mass media to promote their interests as a people because they are able to subordinate their private interests as individual businessmen to their group interests as lews.
Keep that in mind as the news reports come in from Africa about Mrs. Albright's diplomatic mission there.
There is only one way we can beat this racket, and that's for us to begin thinking about our own interests as a people and putting those collective interests, those racial interests, ahead of our private interests. We must learn to be as concerned about the interests of our people in Rhodesia as anywhere else in the world. And we must discipline ourselves as a people, so that when the Jews begin using their media to persuade the trendy airheads among us to demonstrate against any segment of our people, as they organized them against the White Rhodesians and the White South Africans, we have the means to knock some sense into the airheads. We must have the discipline to act as a people and to keep any selfish or foolish segment of our people from collaborating with our enemies with impunity.
And fi nally, we must use our collective strength to build our own mass media, our own means for communicating with our own people, instead of permitting the Jews to maintain their virtual monopoly of the media and to continue to mislead and confuse our people.
That s what Free Speech is all about. It is a start toward getting our media back into our hands.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Thee White Farmers of Zimbabwe,” aired on December 6, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
O 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
13
The Criminal in the White House
In my broadcast three weeks ago 1 referred briefly to Mr. Clinton's sale of plots in Arlington National Cemetery to his friends and supporters. I didn't go into detail, because I hoped that the controlled media would cover this particular scandal. I've always considered my job to be covering the subjects that the controlled media refuse to cover.
Well, I've waited three weeks, and although there has been a little news released on this subject, it's been nowhere near enough. They briefly mentioned the especially shocking case of Larry Lawrence, and now it looks as if they're going to drop the subject and hope that the public forgets about it. So let me remind you of the details of the Larry Lawrence case. He was a filthy-rich Jewish real estate developer, with $300 million in the bank, who died of cancer in January 1996, at the age of 69. During the Second World War Lawrence had dodged the draft, just as Bill Clinton did during the Vietnam war. Much of Lawrence's real estate was in San Diego, however. And San Diego — at least White, non-Mexican, San Diego — is a military town.
Lawrence was rankled by the fact that he could not break into San Diego's good society, no matter how much money he accumulated. The reason was undoubtedly Lawrence's extraordinarily loud and pushy Jewishness. Even his best friends describe him as exceptionally obnoxious. But Lawrence thought that the problem was his lack of military service, so he invented a war record for himself. He claimed he had served in die merchant marine during the Second World War and had been seriously wounded when his ship was torpedoed. He also gave lots of money to the Democratic Party: $10 million altogether. He gave $200,000 specifically to get Bill Clinton elected in 1992.
That got him all the invitations to the White House he wanted. And he reciprocated by inviting the Clintons to lavish parties at his San Diego mansion. He and Bill Clinton became bosom buddies. And when
the end began approaching in 1995, Lawrence decided that he deserved to be buried in Arlington National Cemetery, alongside America's military heroes. His donations to the Clinton campaign entitled him to it. That, he thought, would show those stuffy admirals in San Diego who had never accepted him socially.
Mr. Clinton agreed that his fellow draft-dodger had paid enough to his election campaign to earn himself a place in Arlington National Cemetery. Now, the Army, which has charge of the cemetery, checks the credentials of people who want to be buried there. They checked Lawrence's claims of World War Two service and found no record of him at all. They told that to the State Department, but the State Department is very heavily staffed with Larry Lawrence's fellow tribesmen, and they told the Army to try again to find some grounds for burying Lawrence in Arlington National Cemetery. The Army, which just didn't get it, checked all of Lawrence's claims again and reported to Lawrence's kinsmen in the State Department a second time that they could find no record of military service for Lawrence. Exasperated at the Army's obtuseness and lack of sensitivity in the matter, Lawrence's Jewish kinsman Richard Holbrooke, who was assistant secretary of state at the time, wrote a letter to the White House praising Lawrence and saying that a burial for him at Arlington National Cemetery would be appropriate.
That was what Bill Clinton was waiting to hear, and he presided over Lawrence's burial at Arlington National Cemetery himself and delivered the eulogy personally. And the matter would have rested there, like so many other pieces of official crookedness, had not a few Republicans in the Congress got wind of the matter, dug up the facts, and begun publicizing them. Since then a few newspapers have reported the Lawrence affair, but they have been quite restrained in their comments. They seem to be a bit embarrassed about it, and one gets the impression that they
are hoping that the public interest in it will fade soon. And Lawrence's family and the government have quietly, but very hastily, yanked his remains and his elaborate tombstone, complete with its Star of David, from the cemetery. The Jews, perhaps realizing the potential for causing themselves real damage, have been uncharacteristically discreet in this matter, carefully avoiding the usual screeching about “anti-Semitism.”
Mr. Clinton, naturally, professes both ignorance and innocence in the matter. He didn't know his Jewish friend and financial supporter was a clraft-dodger who had invented a war record for himself, he says. Mr. Clinton also has professed complete ignorance of the organized crime connections of another of his rich Jewish supporters, Vadim Rabinovich. Rabinovich, who is a member of the Jewish mafia in the former Soviet Union, is supposed to be excluded from entry to the United States because of his criminal connections. Somehow the State Department failed to keep him out, and in 1995 he was photographed shaking hands with Clinton at a Democratic Party fundraiser in Miami. When the matter was brought to the attention of the news media this month, Rabinovich was described by the media as “a Ukrainian businessman.” No mention at all was made of his Jewishness.
Why don't you ask some of your Ukrainian friends whether or not Rabinovich is a typical Ukrainian name? The same deceit and crookedness are at work here which lead the controlled media always to refer to “the Russian mafia” or “Russian mobsters” and never to mention the word “Jew” in connection with the growing presence of Jewish organized crime both here and in the former Soviet Union.
Anyway, as I said, Mr. Clinton now claims he didn't know his Jewish supporter Rabinovich is a gangster who wasn't even supposed to be in the United States. Nobody told him, he says. Mr. Clinton also claims not to have known that his closest friend
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
Bill Clinton
and biggest supporter in Arkansas, Dan Lasater, was a cocaine dealer, a gangster, and a pimp. He also claims not to have known that his own brother Roger was dealing cocaine right out of the governor's mansion in Litde Rock when Clinton was the governor of Arkansas.
We would not have known about the activities of either Lasater or Clinton's brother, had they not both been convicted of drug dealing and sent to prison. And 0e would not have known about Larry Lawrence's fraud or Mr. Clinton's support by the Jewish mafia in Ukraine and Russia, had not a few of Clinton's Republican opponents, with the resources as well as the motive to dig out the facts, exposed them. The media certainly weren't too eager to tell us about any of these things.
You remember the way the controlled media dealt with the allegations that Bill Clinton had used illegal drugs? They had him laughingly admit that, yes, he had tried marijuana once, back during his reckless youth in the 1960s — but he hadn't inhaled, he said. That's the media image of Clinton presented to the public: not quite perfect, not a saint, but a man honest enough to admit to us his essentially harmless, youthful indiscretions.
Let me tell you about Bill Clinton and illegal drugs: In the 1980s, when he was the governor of Arkansas, not in the 1960s, but just 10 years ago, Bill Clinton was a regular user of cocaine. Dozens of witnesses have given sworn depositions about Clinton's cocaine use. But the controlled media have kept this covered up. Furthermore, Clinton, unlike his brother and many of his friends, never has been prosecuted for his illegal use of drugs.
And this Clinton drug usage is not an innocent, recreational sort of thing. It is a criminal activity, it is an immoral activity, it is a socially destructive activity, and it is a profoundly unpatriotic activity. The drug
trade corrupts our society and our government, and it destroys people's lives. The cocaine that Governor Bill Clinton snorted in Little Rock, Arkansas, had been smuggled into this country. Public officials had been bribed. Law enforcement had been corrupted. People had been murdered to protect the profits of the smugglers, and some of these smugglers were Clinton's personal friends and associates. Bill Clinton knew all of this. And he knew it was illegal; the man is a lawyer. He also understood the moral significance of his participation in the cocaine trade just as he understood that his brother Roger was a cocaine dealer and his good Jewish friend Larry Lawrence was no war hero.
Bill Clinton is a criminal — not in a loose, figurative sort of way, but in a very precise and definite way. He is a man who ought to be in prison.
In fret, prison is too good for him. But he's not in prison. He's in the White House. He's running around the country giving speeches about reducing hatred and violence in America, and the controlled news media are treating this activity all very seriously, quoting from his speeches — while keeping very quiet about
things like his sale of cemetery plots and his connections with Jewish gangsters. They are helping to maintain the pretense that he deserves respect, as the President of the United States.
How did this happen to us? How did this happen to America?
The complete answer to that question is a long, sad story. I've answered parts of the question in several of these American Dissident Voices broadcasts, and I'll answer other parts in future broadcasts. For now I'll just say that American society has been undergoing a process of decay for a long time. Our ancestors who came over here from England, Scodand, Sweden, Germany, and other European countries and took this continent away from the Indians were serious, upright, self-respecting people. They believed in individual responsibility, the rule of law, and fair play. They believed that the government ought to leave a man alone as much as possible, and that men ought to behave themselves decendy and hon-esdy. If they didn't, they ought to be dealt with quickly and sternly, but fairly. People who went into government service were respected, but they were held to a strict code of conduct.
Lawyers were perhaps never really trusted, but judges were. Judges were expected to be fair and honest. So were policemen. There are a few areas of the United States today where one can still witness these old attitudes, standards, and ways of doing things: perhaps in the Dakotas and the nearby states, where nearly all of the setders were Scandinavians or Germans and where immigration hasn’t destroyed what the settlers and their descendents have built.
But with changing immigration, and with a more numerous population, most of our country has changed. It has developed more of a Latin flavor. Instead of respect for individual sovereignty and the rule of law, there was a shift toward patronage, networking, and “good ol' boy” personal relationships.
® 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Gradually things moved toward a situation where what a man could get away with depended more on his connections than on the law. Judges, sheriffs, and police commissioners became as corrupt as other politicians. The amount of attention that the police paid to a complaint depended more than anything else on who was making the complaint and against whom it was being made. The outward forms were maintained — the outward appearance of law and justice and propriety remained — but inside things became rotten.
This is pretty much the way things had become in the state of Arkansas when Bill Clinton began his political career. There were still a lot of decent folks in Arkansas, but the political system had fallen into the hands of a network of good ol' boys and a few rich Jews. And unfortunately that's also the way it has become throughout large areas of the United States.
And that's the way it is everywhere in Latin America — and throughout the Third World. American politics and American government had become enough like those of a banana republic by the time Bill Clinton appeared on the scene that there was almost a perfect match between the man and the system.
Bill Clinton is an intelligent man, and he is a consummate actor: very, very slick. If he hadn't gone into politics, he could have had a successful career in Hollywood. I personally believe that what tilted him toward politics is his fundamental crookedness. In some people there's a perverse streak which gives them pleasure in deceiving others, in putting something over on other people. Now, one can do that in a sense as an actor, but it's not real; it's only make-believe.
In politics the deception is real: it has real consequences and is therefore more satisfying to its practitioners. In any event, the good ol' boys running the system in Arkansas liked what they saw in Clinton, and Clinton liked die drugs, women, partying, and money that the good ol' boys in Arkansas made available to him. Furthermore, Clinton had learned very early in life about the power of the
FREE SPEECH for January 1998
Jews, and he was determined to turn this power to his advantage. Jews aren't really noticeable in Arkansas politics like they are in New York politics or California politics, but Clinton noticed them, and from his earliest days in politics he tried to make himself especially useful to Jews, and in turn he began accumulating a circle of Jewish supporters and advisers. Today his administration reflects this support. It is more heavily Jewish than that of any other President in U.S. history.
Despite the exceptionally strong Jewish flavor of the Clinton administration, what has happened to America is not tied uniquely to Bill Clinton or to Arkansas politics or even to the Democratic Party. The whole country is infected, both major parties are infected, and every major politician is infected, to a greater or lesser extent. The infection has spread to the extent that the system can no longer cure itself but will require an outside force.
This may sound like a pessimistic analysis, but there are several bright spots in the picture. First, the system is not really monolithic. A lot of individual politicians — and others — are drawing their sustenance from the system, and there is fierce competition for a good spot at the feeding trough. It is the competition between Democrats and Republicans which led to the exposure of the Arlington National Cemetery scandal and to the exposure of Clinton's ties to the Jewish mafia.
This competition may very well bring down the Clinton government during the next couple of years. That doesn't mean, of course, that we can expect a fundamentally better government with a Republican in the White House. The one thing which holds the whole system together and plays a big role in giving it its enduring odor, is the Jewish control of the news and entertainment media. It is the role of the media, in fact, which is the key to our whole problem in trying to cure our society and make it healthy again.
Another bright spot is that in order to maintain itself, the system must continue to deceive the public, because there is still a very substantial part of the American public which would not approve of the crookedness
15
if they understood it. This is the one feature which makes our situation better than that of a banana republic. In a banana republic, the general population accepts the crookedness of the system. Everyone understands that what counts is whom you know and how big a bribe you can afford to pay. The crookedness is much more open. In the United States these things still have to be concealed. The difference is in the nature of the populations — which is essentially why the Jews and the other people who want the system to stay crooked are so strongly in favor of maintaining the flow of Third World immigrants into the United States.
Looking at our situation in the light of this banana republic analogy, one can almost appreciate Bill Clinton.
We must have a public understanding of the nature of our problem before we can cure it. The crookedness must be exposed to public view. The Jewish media certainly don't want to do that for us, but with someone like Bill Clinton in the White House they may not be able to help themselves. Clinton is such an extremist in his crookedness, he overreaches himself to such an extent, that it's pretty hard for even his most Politically Correct admirers to fail to see the basic rottenness of the man. He's gotten away with so much for so long, with his Jewish friends in the media covering for him, that he's lost all sense of caution, all sense of limits. Really, only a man without any sense of limits could have gotten himself into the Paula Jones mess. And I think it will not be too long before all Americans realize that it is the Paula Jones affair which sets the tone for all of Bill Clinton's activities, whether selling burial rights in Arlington National Cemetery or soliciting donations from Chinese and Jewish organized crime figures.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Criminal in the White House,” aired on December 27,	1997.	A	cassette
recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12195 postpaid.	IT^\
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year