FREE SPEECH • OCTOBER 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. X
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncenso^ed patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
ftf	FREE SPEECH
pardheaded fj
Dr^^Wiiam Pierce'^^p
The Jews and the Senators I
^Bpr.ftiam Pierce
Seeingr^heiEorest
Dr. William Pierce
Shuffling Toward! Blanghterhonse
D£ William Pierce
Hardheaded Altruism
Yesterday I received a letter from a National Alliance member who works in a hospital in Phoenix, Arizona. Most of his patients come to him through the emergency room, and he was lamenting to me the fact that the majority of them are non* White and most of them don't pay for their treatment Furthermore, a large percentage of the non-Whites are illegal aliens. He kept score for a week and reported that approximately 45 per cent of his patients were Hispanic mestizos, 9 per cent were Blacks, 11 per cent were American Indians, 5 per cent were Asians, and only 30 per cent were Whites.
He wrote to me:
'The Hispanics, Blacks, Indians, and welfare Whites get everything free, through ACCESS and other socialist programs. The Hispanics flood the emergency room and take valuable resources away from patients who really need them. They bring; their whole families to the hospital and nave to be chased away by the security guards. They fill the waiting rooms at night and sleep anywhere they can. They ignore
the trash cans and leave their trash on the floor. They try to invade the staff lounges for 'free' coffee and whatever else they can pilfer. They think nothing of grabbing fresh sheets, pillows, and blankets from the linen stacks and making themselves beds on the floor. They smoke in the elevators and are generally a filthy, ungrateful lot. Even the Blacks resent them."
My correspondent describes a number of other details of his hospital work and winds up his description with the remark that the major complaint he hears from his freeloading patients is that the hospital needs to hire more Spanish-speaking staff members, the better to take care of their unpaid needs. Well, anyway, all of this helps to explain why hospital bills have become astronomical for that portion of the population which does pay for the services it receives. Each working White person who goes to a hospital for treatment is carrying about four drones on his back, three of them non-White. And the letter also led me to think about a number of related problems in our society.
Medical technology invented by Whites has helped non-Whites out number Whites.
Ms. Shapiro and Ms. Rodriguez, employees at Tampa General Hospital, throw a baby shower for Manvela Moveno. Mrs. Moveno is currently a mother of seven and is now expecting triplets.
You know, the reason each productive White American is able to carry four drones on his back is that our people, White people, have something that Black and Brown people don't have and never will have because we cannot give it to them, and that is our ability to create, to innovate, to invent. The technological revolution we have wrought during the past 50 years, a revolution based on our advances in science during the past 300 years, is what enables us to carry so much dead weight But of course, the fact that we are able to carry dead weight is no excuse for doing so. Imagine the quality of life our people could have for themselves now if we were not carrying dead weight, if all of our productive work went toward the betterment of our own people.
Actually, the economic consequence of having our country flooded with non-Whites is the least of the evils this non-White horde has brought to us. My correspondent in Phoenix has described for us the way
in which the environment has been degraded for White medical staff and hospital patients in Phoenix. Hospital conditions have become so bad there — so much like conditions in the Third World — that my correspondent finds himself hating an occupation that he used to love. But as a matter of fact, the living and working environment for our people nearly everywhere has been degraded in one way or another. Some American cities have not been hit as hard as Phoenix, while conditions in other cities have become even worse.
And it's not just our hospitals, of course. It's our public schools, our neighborhoods, our suburban shopping malls and the centers of our cities, our factories and stores and offices and recreational facilities, our colleges and universities. I'm really sick about the multicultural environment in our universities today, which used to be civilized enclaves of European culture. Before the stifling regime of Political Correctness took hold — a regime which everywhere is
a concomitant of multiculturalism ^ before that, our universities were places where new ideas could be developed and freely expressed and where excellence was the goal and the standard for every endeavor. Today it's hard even to imagine the sort of stimulating and intellectually exciting environment we used to have at our universities — and in addition to that the feeling of tradition and community and of being a part of something with very deep roots.
Well, that's all gone now. Of course, there still are many White Americans — especially those living in smaller towns and away from the most heavily impacted areas on the east and west coasts, who have not felt the degradation of our living environment as much as my National Alliance correspondent in Phoenix has. Many White people have fled to less affected parts of the country. For others the decline has been so gradual that they have hardly noticed. But things are speeding up now. It is becoming more and more difficult not to notice what is happening. There are fewer and fewer places for White Americans to flee to. Within the next year or two many, many more White people will be reacting with the same degree of exasperation expressed by our medical worker in Phoenix.
And that is a good and necessary development. It is necessary for this degradation of our country to be speeded up, so that our people have a harder time ignoring it. If it proceeds too slowly most people will manage to ignore it, and that will be the death of everything. If this continued invasion of our living area by the Third World continues we will be completely swamped. We already have the Clin-tonistas counting down in eager anticipation of the day sometime around the middle of the next century when we will be a minority in our own land and a non-White majority will be lording it over us. And of course, it will be not only the drowning of America in a non-White tide, it will be the destruction of the last of the rain forests and the last of the wild animals everywhere, as the Brown and Black population explosions continue in their own parts of the world.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
It will be terminal pollution everywhere on our overcrowded planet.
How did this happen? What were we thinking of when we took our medical science to Africa and Asia and the jungles of Central and South America and reduced the death rates in those places so that their non-White populations could explode?
If we had just left them swinging through the trees and sacrificing each other wholesale to their various gods, instead of trying to get them to wear clothes and lejtm English or Spanish or French and wash their hands after going to the bathroom, they still would be happily making mud pies with their own filth and dying like flies, and their population density still would be what it was ten thousand years ago; the tropical rain forests still would be thriving, and the lions still would be eating as many of them as vice versa. Most important, we wouldn't be carrying them on our backs now whenever we go to a hospital; we wouldn't be subjecting our kids to them in our schools; we wouldn't have them shoved in our faces whenever we turn on a television receiver; we wouldn't be looking for parts of the country to which we can flee where there are fewer of them; we wouldn't be watching our whole civilization being pulled back down into barbarism by their dead weight. We could be masters in our own world, a cleaner and greener and healthier world.
So why did we do it? Well, there are historical reasons, and there are current reasons. Historically, we always have had a surfeit of shortsightedness — or at least, the farsighted people among us were not in the policy-making positions. To a large extent, of course, we didn't have any policy when we settled the New World. We just let entrepreneurs do their own thing, and that thing nearly always was based on individual profit rather than on the general welfare of the race. We let a bunch of greedy businessmen plan things for their own benefit: cheaper labor, bigger markets, more profits — those were their considerations.
And among the greediest of these businessmen seeking a bigger market for their wares were the Christian
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
A White nun with Black African girls
priests, hell bent on converting savages and saving Black or Brown souls. Christian universalism certainly played a major role in the destruction of our world. We should have lynched every missionary who had the crazy notion that Blacks needed Jesus instead of their own voodoo gods or that Mexicans needed the Catholic Church instead of their jungle temples, where they liked to cut the hearts out of their prisoners and eat them.
Completely aside from Christianity, we let the altruism which seems to be unique to our people run wild. It is wonderful that we care about one another, that more than in any other race there are among us individuals who really do feel the pain of others. It is wonderful that many of us want to preserve the rain forests of South America and the great wild beasts of Africa for their own sake. Whenever one of these United Nations commissions is organized to protect some part of our natural environment on this planet, I have a strong suspicion that all of the non-White members on the commission are there stricdy for window dressing and for the stipend they receive for lending their non-White faces to the commission. Certainly, were it not for specifically White sensibilities, there would be no one combating the fur trade or trying to save the whales or the redwoods or anything else.
All of that is wonderful, but it is not wonderful that so many of us who are able to feel the pain of others
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV
3
do not seem to have the farsighted understanding which should go along with that empathy. We seem to have achieved that understanding when it comes to things such as forest and wildlife management. We understand that it often is good to permit Nature to take its course in the case of forest fires, or in maintaining the natural balance between predator and prey, and so on. But we need to apply the same considerations to the non-White races. We never should have permitted medical intervention in the non-White world. We should not be trying now to halt the spread of AIDS in Africa. We should not even consider famine relief for Ethiopia. We should not interfere in the mutual genocide between Hutus and Tutsis. Unless we temper our altruism with intelligence — and especially, unless we limit it to our own race — it will destroy us rather than help us achieve a higher civilization and a higher grade of humanity on this planet.
What rules us now is a softheaded, mushy, egalitarian, feminine sort of altruism, where we are more inclined to feed the starving picanin-nies of Africa than to take account of the fact that every picaninny who doesn't starve to death now will grow up to breed more picaninnies. We feel sorry for the disease-ridden Blacks and Browns of the world, and instead of keeping them and their diseases strictly confined to their part of the world, we bring them into our part of the world so that we can share their diseases — as in the case of New York's current outbreak of West Nile encephalitis imported from Africa.
What we need is a hard-headed, masculine sort of altruism, which makes us as concerned for the preservation of our own racial quality as for the stamping out of the fur trade, the sort of altruism which leads us to sterilize our own defectives rather than permitting them to breed a White welfare class, just as it leads us to thin out the two-legged population of Africa rather than permitting it to continue encroaching on the fourlegged populations.
And you know, whenever I say something like that I can hear the screams of protest in the background. I can hear the softheaded altruists
24946 • $40/year
4
screaming that I am advocating genocide, and oh, isn't that awful. But as a matter of fact, it is their policies which are leading to a far more terrible genocide, with our race as the victim.
When one has a world overcrowded with races competing for a limited living area and limited resources, there will be genocide. The feminine altruists cannot face that hard fact, and their activities simply guarantee a bloodier and more destructive genocide in the end. The masculine altruists, on the other hand, should be capable of imposing a necessary discipline in order to preserve the health of a beleaguered planet and permit its most valuable life forms to continue developing, instead of being dragged down by the least valuable.
Of course, this whole discussion is academic at this point. The masculine altruists are outgunned now by those who, for one reason or another, oppose the imposition of any discipline. Certainly, many more White people, and not just in New York, will die from West Nile encephalitis, from drug-resistant strains of tuberculosis, and from a hundred other exotic diseases which the shortsighted, feminine altruists have inflicted on us. Instead of banning the carriers of these diseases from our continent, we will continue wringing our hands over the fact that so many Africans are dying from AIDS, and we'll continue trying to find a cure. And many, many more of our people, like the National Alliance medical worker in Phoenix will come to hate their jobs, hate the neighborhoods in which they live, hate the schools they attend.
I have mentioned some of the historical causes of our problem: causes for which we ourselves are largely to blame. But there also are more recent causes. Within ourselves we have both regressive and progressive tendencies — both softheaded, feminine tendencies and hard-headed, masculine tendencies. Sometimes the softheaded tendencies prevail, and sometimes the hard-headed tendencies. And as I indicated earlier, sometimes we simply drift without guidance or policy.
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
Augusto Pinochet
During the past century our situation has been complicated gready by the fact that we have had an alien element in our midst which has strenuously opposed our hardheaded tendencies and kept them from coming to the fore, and at the same time has encouraged our regressive tendencies or tried to prevent us from having any policy. We have seen this especially during the past 50 years, with softheaded policies on immigration, on education, on welfare, on law enforcement, on the relations between the sexes, on race relations, on the citizen's right to self-defense, and on a number of other issues vital to our survival and progress. This alien element, of course, is the Jewish element, and it has gained virtually a monopoly control over the opinionforming media in America.
Just this week we have had another striking example of the way in which the Jewish media are able to manipulate public opinion and public policy. The former president of Chile, ailing 83-year-old Augusto Pinochet, went to England last year for medical treatment. In response to a complaint by a group of Marxists in Spain, last October the British government arrested Pinochet, and since then the lawyers have wrangled over whether
or not he should be extradited to Spain to be tried on a charge of so-called “crimes against humanity.” Specifically, the Marxists claim that when Pinochet was president of Chile between 1973 and 1990, his government tortured a number of communist prisoners during interrogation. Marxists everywhere have had a special hatred for Pinochet because he successfully crushed communism in Chile, and the Jews have had a special hatred for him because a strikingly high percentage of the communists he crushed were Jews.
No one really denies that in Pinochet's Chile some communist prisoners were dealt with roughly. That was the only effective way to deal with communist subversives, who were attempting to undermine Chilean society and take over the country. Whatever was done to the communists by Pinochet's police, however, was quite mild compared to what the communists did to prisoners whenever they got the upper hand. So today the leftists and the Jews are demonstrating noisily in London for Pinochet to be extradited to Spain so that he can be tried and punished because his government tortured communist prisoners during the time Pinochet was the president of Chile. The Jews are arguing that the normal immunity from arrest held by heads of state and former heads of state doesn't apply in Pinochet's case, because of the special nature of his crimes:	namely,	“crimes against
humanity.”
The fascinating thing about this affair is that all the while the Left and the Right have been arguing the pros and cons of Pinochet's case, another political leader whose government has routinely tortured prisoners since 1948 comes and goes freely wherever he pleases, including Britain, and there's never a yap about him in the controlled media, never a suggestion that he should be arrested and tried for “crimes against humanity.” That political leader is Israel's Prime Minister Ehud Barak. At the same time that there has been a big stir almost every day in the media in Britain about the legal wrangling over Pinochet's pending extradition, there has a been a debate in the Hebrew press in Israel
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
over whether or not the Israeli secret police should continue to torture their Palestinian prisoners during interrogation. Which is to say, there is a general recognition in Israel that the government there has had a policy of torturing non-Jewish prisoners.
Does this worry Ehud Barak? Is he concerned that he might be arrested and held for “crimes against humanity” if he travels to Britain or any other country? Is he worried that the arrest and extradition of Augusto Pinochet may set a precedent which could be used against him and other Israelis?
No, of course not. He is not worried, because he knows that the controlled media will never raise the issue. He knows that if some group
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
somewhere demands his arrest for “crimes against humanity,” the media will simply ignore the demand, and nothing will come of it.
The average citizen hasn't a clue. He sees and hears the television reporters talking about what a cruel and violent government Pinochet headed in Chile, and so it seems to him reasonable that Pinochet should be arrested and turned over to a gang of Reds for a legal lynching. And the same citizen sees and hears Barak being greeted with a smile and hugged by heads of state wherever he goes, and so it never occurs to him that Barak should be punished for anything. Public attitudes toward either Pinochet or Barak could be turned instandy by the media if they
5
chose to do so. But of course, they won't, because the controlled media take their positions on every issue on the basis of Jewish policy.
So this problem of Jewish control of the mass media is something that we must overcome before we can even begin to do anything about our Phoenix medical worker's problems — or any other problem.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Hardhearted Altruism,” aired on October 2, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Jews and the Senators
Rabbi Abraham Cooper
Sometimes the most important things occur virtually unnoticed, while people's attention is focused on things of no consequence. Last week, while everyone was glued to his television screen, oohing and ahing over Hurricane Floyd and watching the huge traffic jams of lemmings fleeing the southeastern coastal areas lest they be obliged to do a little wading, much more dangerous and sinister doings than wind, rain, and high tides were afoot, but hardly anyone noticed. The Senate Judiciary Committee in Washington was holding a public hearing and listening to suggestions from various pressure groups on ways to eliminate free speech on the Internet.
That's not what they called it, of course; they said they were trying to
devise ways of keeping “hate” off the Internet. They want to protect children from being exposed to “hate,” they say. They want to reduce the amount of violence in the country, they say; many people learn from the Internet to hate, and then having learned to hate, they run out and commit acts of violence. Keep “hate” off the Internet, and then there will be less violence. That's what they claim to believe.
Well, whether their theory about the Internet provoking people to violence is correct or not, it sounds as if the Senate Judiciary Committee really means well, doesn't it? I mean, who could be against reducing the amount of “hate” in America? That's really a Mom and apple pie issue, isn't it?
Of course, if you're a skeptical sort of person, as I am, you might want to know exactly what this “hate” consists of that the senators and the witnesses testifying for them are so eager to keep off the Internet. “Hate,” it seems to me, could be a tricky thing to define. Would you call any expression of dislike or contempt “hate”? Maybe only a strong expression of dislike? How strong? Maybe whether an expression of dislike or contempt is “hate” depends on who is making the expression and who is the target of the dislike. I mean, really, how do you decide what is “hate” and what isn't?
Howard Berkowitz
Well, listen, you will be pleased and relieved to learn that we don't have to bother our litde heads about that at all. We don't have to decide what is “hate” and what isn't We have some very public-spirited people who have volunteered to do that for us. Lucky us! These are the very same public-spirited people who persuaded the senators to hold the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing in the first place and then appeared as witnesses before the committee. They are Howard P. Berkowitz, national chairman of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith; Rabbi Abraham Cooper of the Simon Wiesenthal Center; and several other like-minded citizens of the Jewish persuasion. Morris
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Dees's Southern Poverty Law Center sent a witness to testify, for example.
These public-spirited citizens are referred to uniformly by the controlled media as “civil rights experts” or “human rights advocates.” Isn't that reassuring to know that these people who want to protect us from “hate” on the internet also are concerned about our civil rights?
Reading the testimony of these Jewish witnesses and the comments of the eager-to-please politicians on the committee is a surreal experience. Their language is Orwellian. Nothing really means what it sounds like it means. Rabbi Abraham Cooper referred to the Internet as a “terrorism tutor” and implied that a substantial part of the violence in American life is the consequence of permitting “hate” on the Internet The truth, of course, is that most of the violent criminals in America never have had their hands on a computer keyboard. There is no evidence that even one act of real terrorism in the United States had anything at all to do with die Internet
If, in fact, terrorists learn their trade from the media or are provoked to commit violent acts by the media, I would suspect Hollywood long before I would suspect the Internet. But I guess that Rabbi Cooper and Mr. Berkowitz and Mr. Dees would want to change the subject in a hurry if you began talking to them about violence inspired by television or by Hollywood films, however. After all, it's their tribe which is in control of the television and film business.
The witnesses at the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing spoke of
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
Internet sites where one can learn to make a bomb. Perhaps there are such sites, although I've never seen one. But I cannot think of a single terrorist bombing in the United States in which the bomber could have learned from the Internet how to build his bomb. Neither Timothy McVeigh nor the people accused of bombing the World Trade Cent**1- in New York were ever on the In' net, so far as I am aware. Certainly, no evidence was presented by the government at their trials to indicate they were.
Really, the whole notion that people commit violent crimes or terrorist acts as a consequence of “hate” on the Internet is simply ridiculous. Do you know what these anti-hate crusaders presented as evidence of terrorism inspired or facilitated by the Internet? I'll quote direcdy from the transcript of the hearing. The committee chairman, Utah's Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, said that he was pleased to have as a witness the assistant U.S. attorney from Los Angeles, Michael Gennaco, who had gained “die first conviction against a hate-crime assailant for acts taken on the Internet.” Assistant U.S. Attorney Gennaco then related his achievement to the committee:
"On the morning of March 5,1998, 42 Latino faculty members turned on their computers at Cal State Los Angeles to read their e-mails. They read a mean-spirited derogatory statement against Latinos. Using the most demeaning racial slurs, the sender told the faculty members that he hated their race, that he wanted them to die, that the only reason the professors were hired was because of Affirmative Action, that their race was stupid, greedy, and ugly, and that the sender was going to personally come down and kill each of them."
The student who sent this message to the Latino faculty members was tracked down, arrested, tried, and convicted. Of course, the name of the offending student wasn't mentioned in the hearing — just for your information, his name is Kwon — and it also wasn't mentioned in the hearing that Kwon is Chinese, because that inconvenient fact doesn't fit the general theme the committee wanted to develop. Before we get into that theme, however, let us remember that what this Chinese student did — essentially sending a death threat by wire — certainly was nothing new, and it required no new laws for its prosecution.
The Southern Poverty Law Center’s Joe Roy
The fact that this was the best example the committee could come up with of a genuine Internet-related “hate crime” ought to tell us that this whole pretense of being concerned about the connection between “hate” on the Internet and violence is phony. These Jewish “human rights advocates” like Berkowitz and Cooper understand that there simply are no convincing cases of violence or terrorism stemming from the Internet, so after giving us the pitiful example of Kwon and his derogatory e-mail to the Mexican faculty members — and giving it to us in such a way that many of us would assume that Kwon was a heterosexual White male, their stereotypical “hater” — after this they try to bolster their case with all sorts of innuendo and misdirection.
For example, much was made in the hearing of the facts that Benjamin Smith, the University of Indiana student who shot a Korean and a Black this summer, belonged to the World Church of the Creator, and the World Church of the Creator has an Internet web site. The not so subtle implication was that if the World Church of the Creator had been kept off the Internet in some way, then the Black and the Korean shot by Benjamin Smith still would be alive. But that's really a false implication. Benjamin Smith wasn't incited by the Internet to shoot anyone. He knew personally the man who heads the World Church of the Creator; he was his close associate and helper. That man is an attorney; he has a law degree and wants to practice law in Illinois. And when that man was denied a law license by the Politically
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
7
ADL propaganda
Correct Illinois bar committee because they didn't like his religious beliefs, Smith went on a rampage. There is absolutely no evidence to indicate that the Internet had any-thing to do with it.
And there was a lot of other deliberate misdirection too by the pol-iticians and the Jewish witnesses. The shootings at Columbine High School in Colorado were invoked by several witnesses. Rabbi Cooper claimed “In 1999 the Internet can serve as a ter-rorism tutor; it did for Eric Harris at Columbine.” Rabbi Cooper seems to have forgotten that Eric Harris had a Jewish accomplice, Dylan Klebold.
The Southern Poverty Law Center's Joseph Roy, who was also a witness, testified:
"In Littleton, Colorado, the two youths who opened fire on their classmates at Columbine High School may well have been inspired, in some part, by neo-Nazi
{>ropaganda they encountered on the Net. t seems clear that they found plans for building pipe bombs and other weapons there."
Now, that is really deceptive, and I'm sure that Mr. Roy intended it to be. He knows that Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold were not “neo-Nazis”; he knows that one was a Jew and that both were anti-racist. He knows that Eric Harris had an Internet web site in which he said that he wanted to torture and kill White racists. If Harris and Klebold were inspired by anything they encountered on the Net, it certainly wasn't “neo-Nazi propaganda”; on the contrary, the evidence suggests that they were inspired by the sort of multicultural “love” and diver-sity-mongering with which the Southern Poverty Law Center, the Simon Wiesenthal Center, and the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith poison the Net. As to whether or not Harris and Klebold found plans on the Net for making pipe bombs, that's really beside the point, since they did all of their killing and wounding with shotguns and pistols. They neither killed nor injured anyone with a pipe bomb.
So without the least bit of evidence that Politically Incorrect web sites on the Internet have any connection to terrorism, why did the Jews and the politicians bother to have this hearing? Why try to persuade anyone that the Internet is a |terrorism tutor” when it plainly isn't7 What's the point?
The point is that the Jews aren't concerned about the Internet as a so-called “terrorism tutor”; that is just a smoke-screen. What they are concerned about is keeping inconvenient facts and ideas off the Internet. They don't want to stop terrorism; they want to stop the spread of truth. Until the Internet came along the Jews had a virtual monopoly on the dissemination of ideas and information to the general public. If they wanted to persuade the public that in most interracial crime White males are the aggressors, there was no one to contradict them with the facts. They could report — over and over and over again, with non-stop coverage — any interracial crime in which Whites actually were the aggressors and ignore all Black-on-White crimes, which is essentially what they're still doing — but with the Internet people like me are embarrassing them with the facts.
Five or six years ago they could talk about “Russian” organized crime on television or in the New York Times, and there was no one to tell the public that it wasn't “Russian” organized crime at all: that it was 100 per cent Jewish organized crime. They could whine about how they were “persecuted” by the Swiss and the Germans and the Swedes and the Poles and the Ukrainians and the Russians and the Lithuanians and the Latvians and everyone else during the Second World War, and how everyone owed them hundreds of billions of dollars in “reparations” now, and there was no one to tell the world about the persecution of other peo-
ples and nations by the Jews. There was no one to point out to the world that for every dollar taken from die Jews during the war, the Jews stole 100 dollars from those countries which fell victim to their communist racket. They could moan to the world about how the cold and cruel Gentiles just stood by and let six million Jews be led into the gas chambers, and so now the very least the world could do for the Jews was to give them a free ride. Anyone who questioned their story was immediately shrieked down as a “Holocaust denier,” and the questioner had no way of presenting the historical facts to the public. People like me could print a few pamphlets and distribute them on street comers, but for all practical purposes we had no effective way of exposing die lies of die Jews.
The Jews liked it that way. They liked having a monopoly on the dissemination of ideas and information to the public. The Internet robs diem of that monopoly, and they don't like that a bit. They don't like having me and others exposing their lies and telling the public things they prefer to keep quiet.
Of course, even with the Internet available to us, we can't challenge the hold the Jews have on America's political system — at least, not yet. The great mass of the voters, the couch potatoes, the ball game fans, don't use the Internet and never will — except perhaps to access porno sites and check their horoscopes. But the perceptive and intelligent minority of White men and women capable of independent thought now have a new
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
information medium, a new medium for the exchange of ideas, and the Jews aren't able to control it. That's what they don't like. That's what they're afraid of, certainly not terror-ism.
They're afraid of the fact that as the sickness of American society becomes more and more evident to the perceptive few, that as the craziness and destructiveness going on in Washington and Hollywood take a greater and greater toll, more and more of the people who really count, the intelligent and productive White men and women in the universities and in the professions and in industry who somehow keep this civilization staggering along under its growing burden — these people are looking for answers, and Rabbi Cooper and his fellow tribesmen are afraid they may find the answers. They are desperately afraid of that. And that's why they told the politicians to hold the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing last week. They are desperate to control the Internet the same way they control television and the New York Times; they are desperate to censor the Internet, to choke off the free flow of information. But of course, they won't tell us that. What they tell us is that they want to protect us from violence and terrorism caused by “hate” on the Internet.
So what do you think? Are the American people too smart to fall for that sort of deception? Are we so fond of our freedom that we won't give it up just because the Jews have cleverly labeled it as “hate”? Can we relax because Senator Hatch and the other senators on the committee all swore to uphold and defend the Constitution and therefore won't let these Jews get away with their scheme?
Listen, you know as well as I do that Senator Hatch and every other politician in the Congress would fall all over themselves to abolish the whole Bill of Rights in order to please Rabbi Cooper and Mr. Berkowitz and the rest — if they thought the American people would let them get away with it They know that the couch potatoes won't object, but they're still concerned about that minority of perceptive and responsible White Americans who aren't quite ready yet to give up their freedom without a fight.
So the hearing last week was well larded with assurances that new laws
Senator Orrin Hatch
can be devised to keep “hate” off the Internet without infringing on anyone's freedom of speech. If that leaves you a little uncertain as to exacdy what these Jews have in mind, let me tell you about something which happened this month in the Fort Lauderdale, Florida, suburb of Oakland Park. Lloyd Shank is a 73-year-old retired carpenter who lives in Oakland Park, which is in Broward County. Mr. Shank doesn't much like the Clinton government, and he also doesn't like Jews. On August 23 he hand-delivered copies of a one-page letter he had written to members of the Broward County Commission. All but one of the members of the county commission are Jews, and the one who is not is a woman married to a Jew. After the Second World War New York Jews migrated in large numbers to Florida and virtually took over the southeastern part of the state.
In his letter Mr. Shank said some unkind things about the Clinton government, including the charge that the government is responsible for the deaths of more than 80 members of a church in Waco, Texas, that the FBI and other secret police agencies laid siege to and then burned to the ground on April 19, 1993, with most of the church members, including women and children, inside. Mr. Shank also said some unkind things about Jews in his letter, calling them “perverts” and accusing them of liking to be hated. He wound up his letter with the statement:
"When your holocaust reprisals come, hide in the New York subways for security from nuclear bombs. Don’t forget your money."
No threats, just an expression of dislike.
Now, I don't know about you, but I don't see the point in sending
letters to Jews telling them that they're bad people and that you don't lih them. To me that seems like foolish, ness and a waste of time. But we have a right to be foolish and waste our time if we want to. We have a right to send letters to people and call them perverts and tell them that we don't like them, whether they are Jews or not. The Jews should not be exempted from criticism, and no one should be punished for criticizing them. We do still have a Constitution and freedom of speech — except in Broward County, Florida, apparently.
The Jews ran immediately to the police with Shank's letter and demanded that he be arrested. Broward County Sheriff Ken Jenne jumped to obey. With an eagerness to please that put Senator Orrin Hatch in the shade, Jenne arrested Shank and began making statements to the press: “We will not allow extremists to terrorize any member of our community.” That sounds suspiciously like the sheriff of Broward County and his Jewish constituents believe that extremists — which is to say, people who criticize Jews — should have fewer rights than the rest of the citizenry.
A news story in the September 10 issue of the Miami Herald about Mr. Shank's arrest stated:
"In the wake of a shooting spree at a Jewish community center in Los Angeles last month, authorities are taking anti-Semitic rhetoric like Shank's seriously."
Yes, but apparendy they no longer take the Constitution of the United States seriously in Broward County. And believe me, that's exacdy what Rabbi Abraham Cooper and Mr. Howard Berkowitz and Mr. Morris Dees and their pals have in mind for the rest of the country, despite all of their deceptive claims that they're not out to abolish the First Amendment.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Jews and the Senators,” aired on September 25, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
9
Seeing the Forest
These evangelical and Pentecostal Christians feel even more bound to worship Jews than most other Christians. Here they perform a dance to celebrate Israel’s 50th anniversary.
I really do appreciate die responses to my broadcasts which listeners send to me. Even though I and my staff can't answer every letter we receive, we do read them all, and I learn from them.
Every week I receive a number of letters from listeners who believe that I blame the Jews too much for the destruction of our society. I'm not referring now to the letters from crazed Christian fundamentalists who rave at me about the Jews being “God's chosen people” and therefore entided to do whatever they want without criticism. These pitiful souls tell me, “God’ll get you if you say anything bad about the Jews. Don't you know that Jesus was a Jew?”
And I also am not referring to the letters from lemmings, who simply parrot back the Politically Correct party line they've learned from watching television, to the effect that Jews are just like everybody else, except better, and that the only reason I speak critically of them in my broadcasts is that I'm jealous of their success. They tell me that I'm an embittered loser who lives in a trailer, has bad teeth, and never got an education, and that I spend most of my time getting drunk and doing intimate things with my female relatives, because the media have taught them that all people who live in West Virginia are like that
Anyway, I never waste time arguing with people about their religion, whether it is Christian fundamentalism or Political Correctness. Unless people have a reasoned basis for their beliefs, a reasoned argument with diem is poindess. The believers I want to argue with today are those who believe that 1 am incorrect in imputing bad motives to the Jews as a whole. Some of them tell me, it's not the Jews per se who're destroying our race and our civilization; it's the rich people, Jewish and non-Jewish. It's the greedy billionaires, who keep our borders open to the Third World because they want a steady supply of cheap labor. It's the crooked lawyers, Jewish and non-Jewish, who run our legislatures and our courts to enrich themselves rather than to give us good laws and justice.
And of course, the people who tell me this are correct — up to a point. It is true that Gentile billionaires do tend to put their further enrichment at the top of their list, and they do tend to go along with the Jewish billionaires in many things. They seldom see any profit to themselves in opposing the Jews, even when they don't agree ideologically with them. Billionaires are more inclined to go with existing trends and try to profit from them than to buck those trends and risk losing money. It has been truly said that it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to... do anything which might diminish his fortune. And it also is true that most lawyers chose their profession not with the aim of serving their people or because they are interested in law, but rather because they see it as a way to personal wealth and power. And it also is true that we have a lawyer-ridden society. We should have people other than lawyers setting policy.
More generally, it is true that if one looks into every destructive institution in our society, if one looks
behind every destructive policy, one finds non-Jews as well as Jews. The ruinous immigration policy we have now in the United States is favored by some Gentiles as well as by virtually all Jews. The 1965 immigration law which shifted the flow of immigrants into this country from mosdy European to mosdy non-European was pushed primarily by Jews, but Senator Ted Kennedy was a co-sponsor of the law. The Jews may be taking over organized crime in America, but there still are some Italians involved in it The most active legislators in the Congress pushing for the curtailment of our right to keep and bear arms are Jews, but many Gentiles also are involved. If we look into the destructive exploitation of our natural environment, the cutting down of our forests and the strip-mining of our land and the polluting of our rivers, we probably will find greedy and short-sighted Gentile profiteers more often than we will find Jews. And even in the mass media, one can still find some non-Jewish media bosses who promote essentially the same patty line as the Jewish media bosses: Rupert Murdoch is an example.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
All of that is true. So, then, why don't I just complain about the plutocrats or the lawyers or the businessmen? Why do I single out the Jews? The answer to that is that if we don't look at the Jews specifically, if we don't try to understand them as Jews, then we can never really understand what is happening to our race and our civilization. And if we don't understand what's happening, we're much less likely to be able to change things for the better. We need to understand the process, and in order to understand the process we need to understand the Jewish role in it — because it is the key role.
Let's back off a bit and just ask ourselves, what is the single most powerful and influential institution in American life today? What institution, more than any other, is promoting the worst and most destructive trends in American life? Is it professional basketball? That's certainly a noxious influence — but it's not the most noxious. Is it the Internal Revenue Service? No. It isn't even the Clinton government of which the Internal Revenue Service is a part, because the Clinton government itself is only a creature of the most powerful institution, and that most powerful institution is made up of the mass media of news and entertainment which together shape public opinion and control public policy. And these media in turn are dominated by Jews.
I won't go into all of the names and organizational relationships today, because I've done that a number of times in past broadcasts, and the details are all in a pamphlet I pub-^ lish and update regularly, it's called Who Rules America?, and if you send
r$2 to the sponsors of this broadcast they'll send you a copy. But just a quick summary: the three giants in the electronic media are Disney-ABC, headed by Michael Eisner; Time Wamer-CNN, headed by Gerald Levin; and the new Viacom-CBS conglomerate, headed by Sumner Redstone. Eisner, Levin, and Redstone are all Jews, but it's not just the men at the top who're Jews; these media giants are staffed by Jews from top to bottom.
In the print media the country's three most influential newspapers are the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, and the Washington Post. All three of them are owned or controlled
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
Katharine Meyer Graham
by Jews. The only three widely read weekly news magazines in the United States are Time, which is owned by Gerald Levin's Time Wamer-CNN; Newsweek, which is owned by Katharine Meyer Graham's Washington Post Company; and U.S. News & World Report, which is owned by Jewish real-estate developer Mort Zucker-man. The story is the same in the Hollywood film industry and throughout the rest of the mass media of news and entertainment.
Now, there are people who will tell you with a straight face that this almost total domination of the most powerful institution in our society by the Jewish minority, which makes up only 2.5 per cent of the U.S. population, is just a coincidence, that it has no sinister significance. It just as well could have been Mormons or Jehovah's Witnesses who happened to rule the media. What difference does it make?
When grown men say something like that, you can safely bet that there's something other than reason at work. Usually it's fear: not so much a conscious fear as a conditioned avoidance reflex, the product of a long-term program of media conditioning of the public never to say or
even think anything negative about Jews, lest one be labelled an “anti-Semite” or a “Nazi.” Really, the proper name for this sort of conditioning is “brainwashing.” Think about it for a minute. Imagine yourself in a group of yuppies, at a restaurant, say, or a cocktail party: a fairly sophisticated and irreverent sort of crowd. You can make a joke about the Pope, and even the Catholics in the crowd will laugh. You can say something smutty about Mother Teresa or Martin Luther King without objection. You can express your dislike for homosexuals or feminists. Some of those present may argue against you, but they are not likely to get uptight about it. But if you want to stop the conversation cold and give everyone present a bad case of heartburn, just say something unfriendly about the Jews: either about a specific Jew or the Jews as a whole. Say, for example, something like, “Well, now that that Jew Sumner Redstone has grabbed CBS, there's hardly any part of the mass media that the Jews don't own. I think that's not good for America.” Say that, and then smell the fear in the air as your friends choke on their martinis.
Perhaps I exaggerate a bit, but not much. The Jews do get special treatment, and that is no more a coincidence than their control of the mass media. It has been planned. It is has been engineered. Now, I am sure that, having said that, the minds of many of my listeners have just locked gears as the conditioned reflex forbidding them to think any unfriendly thought about Jews kicks in. But you know, it is possible to overcome this conditioning, this brainwashing — unless you're a lemming, that is. Lemmings can't overcome it because they don't want to overcome it. They don't want to think any disapproved thought, any thought that everyone else isn't thinking. But if you're a person who wants to think clearly about this matter, all you have to do is begin looking at the facts. Take your time. Study the facts carefully: not just the facts I offer to you, but also everything else you can dig up on the subject. Think about the implications. Reach your own conclusions. You can overcome the conditioned fear — and as a responsible adult, as a responsible American, as a responsible member of your race, you should.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/****
And when you no longer are afraid and you finally are able to look the truth squarely in the face, you no longer will believe that it is a coincidence that the Jews have elbowed their way into virtually every position of control in the mass media. You no longer will believe that the Jews do not use the power consciously and collectively that this media control gives them. I'll say that again: the Jews use their control over the mass media, not as individual capitalists, the way the few non-Jews in the media do, but they use it collectively and cooperatively to advance Jewish interests. That is why you can see a common propaganda agenda throughout all of the controlled media. They all promote the image of the Jew as a victim, never as a predator or aggressor; they all promote the image of the Jews as sensitive and creative and sympathetic, not as the sort to plan and organize a bloody Bolshevik revolution and butcher tens of millions of innocent Russians and Ukrainians or to run the White-slave business and force thousands of young European girls into a life of prostitution every year — or as the sort to elbow their way into the key positions of media control and then to help their fellow Jews do the same thing.
And they also all push interracial sex. They all push the lie that most interracial crime is White on Black. They all suppress any news which contradicts that lie. They all try to persuade us that homosexuality is normal and acceptable, just an alternative life-style. They all propagandize for multiculturalism and for more diversity and for keeping our borders open to the Third World and for scrapping the Second Amendment — all of them.
Now, let's back up for a moment, because I've just said something extremely important, and I want to be sure that it sinks in: that I have convinced you. I think that most perceptive and responsible people, once they have made up their minds that they want to know the truth, can accept the fact of Jewish media control; that fact is really undeniable. I think that most of them can then take the next step and conclude that this Jewish media control is not just a coincidence: they can conclude that the Jews deliberately and cooperatively set out to achieve this control and then to
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
use it to advance their collective interests.
People can understand that in terms of the sort of group behavior with which they already are familiar. The members of other groups also cooperate in order to achieve group power and then use this power to advance their group interests. And so it should not be surprising that the Jews in the media collaborate to create a favorable image of themselves in the public mind. Most people can persuade themselves that it's not “anti-Semitic” to believe that Jews behave like many other groups do in order to advance their group interests.
It's the next step that is difficult for many people: it is recognizing that the propaganda agenda of the Jewish media bosses goes far beyond promoting a favorable image of themselves; it also promotes everything which is unfavorable to the non-Jewish majority. And this destructive propaganda is not a coincidence either; it is the product of a planned, deliberate, collaborative effort.
Reaching this conclusion is a big step, a difficult step, for many people — even for people who want to understand, who want to know the truth. It's a big step because it separates the Jews from every other special-interest group. It sets the Jews aside from the rest of humanity and identifies them as a uniquely hostile, destructive, and deceptive group. It identifies them as a group which is uniquely dangerous to our people. And it leaves anyone who takes this step open to the charge of “anti-Semitism.” Certainly, if you take this step — if you reach this conclusion — and you announce your conclusion publicly, you will be denounced as an “anti-Semite” by the media bosses — and probably by the lemmings too.
And so I don't want you just to take my word for this very important conclusion about the nature of the Jews as a uniquely hostile and dangerous group. I want you to study the facts. I want you to think about the evidence and reach your own conclusion. But I don't want you to stop short of a conclusion because of fear, because of brainwashing. I want you to overcome your fear and examine the evidence objectively.
I will make a few more observations about this conclusion and its implications now, however. Let me
11
tell you, it really is the key to understanding many other things: the history of the Jews in Europe — and elsewhere — for example. Why were the Jews always picked on and persecuted far more than any other group? Why did everyone else always hate them? Why have they been kicked out of virtually every country in Europe during the past thousand years: out of England and Spain and Portugal and France and Sweden and Germany and a dozen other countries and told never to come back, only to sneak back in and then be kicked out again? The Jews will tell you that it was Christian bigotry. But Christian bigotry cannot explain why the Egyptians threw them out of Egypt more than a thousand years before Christ, and it cannot explain why the pagan Greeks and Romans hated them. I used to wonder about these things. And even after I began to suspect that the socially and racially destructive activities of the Jews were planned and deliberate, I didn't know why. It didn't make sense to me that the Jews would deliberately seek to destroy a society in which they were riding high — that they would deliberately drill holes in the bottom of a boat in which they were passengers. I couldn't figure it out — until I understood the nature of the Jews.
And that nature really is unique. At some time for back in the prehistoric period, certainly more than 3,000 years ago, the Jews developed a unique mode of survival as predators and parasites. Whereas other races, other tribes, sought either to live alone among their own kind — or to conquer other tribes militarily and take their land or require them to pay tribute — the Jews sought to invade the territory of other races by stealth and then to subvert them, to undermine their morale, to break down the order and structure in their societies as a concomitant to controlling them and exploiting them.
In the beginning, thousands of years ago, this may have been only a novel plan for gaining control of a particular neighbor, but eventually it developed into a way of life. It became part of their religion, and eventually it got into their genes. I believe that today they really can't help themselves. And as I said before, you do need to think carefully about this. You need to study the facts. It's difficult
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
for many people to understand the Jews because they really are different from every other ethnic group.
One aspect of the Jewish problem which adds to the difficulty many peo-pie have in coming to grips with it is that the Jews are not just a scheming and sinister kehillah of adult male media bosses. They are a complete community, with women and children and many members on the fringes: part-Jews, dissidents, and so on — even a few anti-Jewish Jews. There are approximately six million Jews in the United States, by their own count, and they can't all be film studio owners or newspaper publishers or promoters of “rap” music or Hollywood scriptwriters. Most of them live and work in a way which gives them relatively little personal opportunity for damaging our society. They are simply teachers and businessmen and merchants and lawyers and doctors, earning a living more or less like everyone else — but not quite.
You must back off a bit in order to see the forest rather than just the trees. The essential thing about the forest is that it is destroying our world. It is a parasitic forest. It is injecting spiritual and cultural poison into our civilization and into the life of our people and sucking up nutrients to enrich itself and grow even more destructive. Perhaps only 10 per cent of the trees in this Jewish forest have roots deep enough to inject their poison into us, and die other 90 per cent play only supporting roles of one sort or another. It is still the whole forest which is our problem. If the forest were not here we would not have had to endure the curse of Bolshevism. If the forest were not here America would not be growing darker and more degenerate by the year. It is the whole forest, not just a few of the most poisonous trees in it, which must be uprooted and removed from our soil if we are to become healthy again.
The essential point again is this: not every Jew has a leading role in promoting the evils which are destroying us, and not every person is a Jew who is collaborating with the leading Jews who are promoting evil, but it is only because the Jews as a whole are among us that the evils they always promote are overwhelming us. If the jews were not present we could overcome the evil men of our own race. The evil men of our own race may seek their own profit at the expense of the rest of us, but they do not seek to destroy our race. Only the Jews seek that.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Seeing the Forest,” aired on September 18, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Shuffling Toward the Slaughterhouse
Last week we talked about some specific examples of the way in which the bosses of the controlled media deliberately give most Americans a severely distorted perception of what is happening in the world around them, of what is fashionable, and so on. In particular, I talked about the crooked way in which the media bosses report interracial crime. They heavily overemphasize any attacks on non-Whites by Whites and minimize or ignore attacks on Whites by non-Whites. They do this in order to create the false impression in the public's mind that most interracial crime is White on non-White, whereas in fact exacdy the opposite is true. The reason the media bosses deliberately create this false impression in the public mind is to generate a sense of racial guilt in Whites, to keep them on the defensive in all matters relating to race, to keep them off balance and confused as the non-White assault on America continues through immigration and other means. The aim is to persuade White Americans to give up their freedom — their freedom of speech, their freedom of association,
their freedom to keep and bear arms for self-defense — in order to relieve their sense of White guilt and gain a false sense of security by stamping out dissent on racial matters. In summary, the aim of the media bosses in distorting their coverage of the news is to silence and disarm White Americans and keep them on the defensive.
And that is their aim because they are Jews, and they are reaching for even more control than they already have. This is the historic modus operandi of the Jews. They are outsiders everywhere except in Israel, and when they first appear in any Gentile society and begin reaching for power they are resisted. The society treats the Jews as outsiders, as aliens, and attempts to keep them from gaining control. The Jewish method of countering this opposition is to work quiedy to accumulate as much wealth as possible. At the same time they work to corrupt the society's leaders with money and to sow dissension among the masses, to set one social class against another, to break up the society's solidarity and its cohesiveness, so that there will be less resis-
tance to their penetration of the society.
During the latter half of the 19th century and the first part of the 20th century fomenting class warfare has been their most successful technique in Europe. In Russia, for example, they would have had difficulty in corrupting the enormously wealthy aristocracy with bribes, but their technique of fomenting class warfare succeeded in destroying Russian society and letting the Jews seize control through their Marxist movement. In the United States, on the other hand, where the political leaders are essentially hucksters and lawyers and the working class is relatively well off compared to Russia, the Jews have had much more success with corruption than with their attempts to foment class warfare.
Many people who have studied the history of communism and have become aware of the enormously disproportionate presence of Jews in that movement have come to the erroneous conclusion that Jews are inherently communists. The truth of the matter is that Jews are no more inher-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
13
endy communist than they are inher-endy capitalist. Jews are inherendy acquisitive, ethnocentric, and cohesive, and they have a parasitic mode of existence. They become communists when that serves their purpose of breaking into a Gentile society and gaining control, and they become capitalists when capitalism serves their purpose better than communism. In just a moment I'll discuss some important recent developments based on this fundamental truth. First, however, I want to add a bit to our discussion of last week.
The Jews' aim, remember, is to destroy Gentile solidarity, to sow confusion, to generate feelings of guilt, to morally disarm White society so that it will be easy pickings, and in the last half of the 20th century their principal weapon for this purpose, more important than corruption or class warfare, has been their control of the mass media of news and entertainment. For week after week I've cited very specific evidence of the way in which they use their control of the media to confuse and demoralize the White public. Before I get to the new developments I mentioned, I just want to bring you up to date with another example.
On August 13 a 50-year-old White man, Gregory Griffith, was beaten, kicked, and stomped into a coma by a group of young Blacks in Jacksonville, Florida. The Blacks had been standing around on the sidewalk jiving among themselves, and they decided to kill the next White person who came along. Gregory Griffith was it. Griffith died from the stomping on August 26 in Jacksonville's University Medical Center. Have you heard anything about this murder? I'll bet you haven't, unless you live in the immediate vicinity of Jacksonville. Do you think you would have heard anything if Griffith had been Black and a group of White skinheads had decided to kill the next Black who came down the sidewalk? I'll bet you wouldn't have heard anything but that since August 13. It would have been on network television every single night Bill Clinton and Janet Reno and the head of every major Jewish so-called “human rights” organization would have been on tele-
Mikail Markasev is one of the few “Russian” criminals who has received any degree of publicity. This was due solely to the fact that he killed the Black TV star Bill Crosby’s son. He is not a major figure in organized crime so he can be given publicity without alarming the public.
vision too, looking grim and waving a stern forefinger at us and lecturing us about “White racism” and “hate crime.”
You remember that last week I told you about the three Indians who tied a rope around a White man's neck and dragged him behind their pickup truck in South Dakota until they thought he was dead. There's been very little media coverage of that dragging since then, and what coverage there has been has consisted mainly of arguments as to why it wasn't really a so-called “hate crime.” In the Jacksonville case there can be no doubt whatsoever. The arrested Blacks confessed to police that they killed Griffith solely because he was White, that they had agreed among themselves to kill the next White person who came down the sidewalk. So don't expect to see anything about it on television. They certainly wouldn't want to spoil all of the propaganda they're planning for the upcoming trial in Bryan, Texas, of the second defendant in last year's Jasper dragging case. So you tell me, why do the
Jewish media bosses do this sort of thing if it's not for the purpose of keeping the White couch potatoes -feeling guilty and defensive about being White? Really, confusion and moral disarmament and social breakdown are their purpose.
Television makes it much easier for them, but they were at it long before television came along. Let me read you something which has been a part of their tradition for more than
2.700	years. This was written by one of the Jews' most revered religious leaders, Isaiah. In the 19th chapter of the Book of Isaiah he spelled out the formula the Jews always have used to break up a Gentile society and gain control. Isaiah wrote: “And I will set the Egyptians against the Egyptians, and they shall fight everyone against his brother and everyone against his neighbor, city against city and kingdom against kingdom. And the spirit of Egypt shall fail in the midst thereof, and I will destroy the counsel thereof, and they shall seek to the idols and to the charmers and to them that have familiar spirits and to the wizards.” That was the formula
2.700	years ago.
Now, for some new developments. I've told you on several earlier broadcasts about the growing problem of Jewish organized crime in America. So let me tell you again: it's still growing — fast. This problem is interesting to us far beyond the interest we might have in, say, a resurgence of the Mafia. A resurgence of the Mafia would simply be a crime story: interesting, but not absolutely critical for our survival. The growth of Soviet-Jewish organized crime — the “Organizatsiya” they call it — is interesting to us first, for the same reason the non-reporting by the Jewish media of the racial murder of Gregory Griffith in Jacksonville is interesting. The media bosses simply do not like to talk about the Organizatsiya, despite the fact that its operations in the United States already dwarf those of all the other criminal organizations operating here. When they do talk about Jewish organized crime they never refer to it as “Jewish”; they always call it “Russian” organized crime.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
And you know, this refusal to talk honestly about Jewish organized crime is more than an attempt to pro-tect their fellow Jews who happen to be gangsters, just like the refusal to talk honesdy about interracial crime is more than an attempt to shield Black criminals. The real aim in both cases is to maintain a false image, a false belief, which they have created in the minds of most White Americans. In the case of interracial crime the false belief is that in most interracial crimes heterosexual White males are the offenders and non-Whites are the victims. In the case of Jewish organized crime the false image is that of the Jew as gentle and inoffensive, as more cultured and more moral than his Gentile neighbors, and especially as a victim rather than as an aggressor or predator.
We all read news stories occasionally about rabbis caught smuggling drugs or laundering money, but the way they're reported makes the offenders seem like exceptions to the rule of Jewish rectitude and inoffensiveness. However, when one looks closely at what Jewish organized crime has done and is doing to Russia — and what it is beginning to do to the United States — an entirely different image of the Jews and their relationship to their hosts emerges.
Let's look first at Russia. The Organizatsiya literally runs the country. It is bleeding Russia of its remaining wealth, pulling hundreds of billions of dollars out of the country and stashing it in other countries. The rule in the Russian government today is total corruption. The police know who the gangsters are. The Russian Army and the Russian police could have every organized criminal in Russia, from billionaire media mogul Boris Abramovich Berezovsky on down, hanging from meat hooks within 48 hours, if they were permitted to act But Russian President Boris Yeltsin and the other politicians around him will not permit it. Yeltsin protects the Organizatsiya, and the Organizatsiya supports and enriches him.
Do you remember back in 1996 how the Clinton government was pushing as hard as it could for Yeltsin's reflection? There were prom-
ises of financial assistance for Russia if Yeltsin remained as president, and , hints that there would be none if he were defeated. And of course, the big television networks in Russia were solidly behind Yeltsin. Today much is made of the rivalry between media moguls Boris Berezovsky, who controls the largest network, ORT, and Vladimir Gussinsky, who controls NTV, the second largest. But in 1996 both ORT and NTV were 100 per cent for Yeltsin — and of course, both Berezovsky and Gussinsky are Jews. Gussinsky, in fact, is the titular head of Russia's entire Jewish community.
In 1996 the big fear of the media bosses and the Clintonistas here was that a genuine Russian patriot, a Russian nationalist, might win. The Russian people, unfortunately, don't seem to be much more perceptive or farsighted than the American people, and the solid support of Russia's Jew-dominated television plus the promise of more financial aid from America kept Yeltsin in power — or to be more accurate, Yeltsin remained in office, and the Jewish gangsters around him remained in power. Whenever any Russian official begins to make a move against the gangsters, Yeltsin fires him and brings someone else in. And the gangsters continue bleeding Russia dry at the rate of hundreds of billions of dollars a year.
The Central Intelligence Agency repeatedly warned the Clinton administration that any financial aid money sent to Russia with Yeltsin in office would end up in the hands of the Jewish thieves who are effectively running the country. To the Clintonistas so long as the thieves are Jewish, that's A-OK.
In September 1997 the Global Organized Crime Project at Washington's Center for Strategic and International Studies released a report tided “Russian Organized Crime.” The Global Organized Crime Project was headed by Judge William Webster, who formerly had headed both the FBI and the CLA. Both Bill Clinton and A1 Gore dismissed Webster's report on organized crime in Russia, and other members of the Clinton administration were ordered to ignore the report and the CIA's warnings. Billions of dollars from the Interna-
tional Monetary Fund kept pouring into Russia and into the hands of the Jewish thieves around Boris Yeltsin. And the Russian people became poorer and hungrier.
The Jewish media in this country would have liked to have kept the situation in Russia covered up, but the lid is beginning to come off a bit now. Such huge sums of money arc being taken out of Russia by the Jews
—	including most of the emergency aid provided by the IMF — and being laundered in Israel and America that people are noticing. The scandal involving the laundering by the Bank of New York and BankBoston Corporation of tens of billions of dollars stolen from the Russian people by Jewish crime bosses with the connivance of Boris Yeltsin has made headlines recently, following an FBI sting operation that the Clinton administration inadvertently foiled to halt. The stories about the massive moneylaundering operation which appeared in the New York Times and USA Today late last month referred to all of the criminals as “Russians” rather than as “Jews,” of course. You have to read the Israeli papers like Ha'aretz and Yediot A/ironot to see them identified as Jews.
One would think that someone in the Congress would insist on a full-scale Congressional investigation. I mean, here is the Clinton administration solidly tied to massive international corruption, tied to the impoverishment and destabilization of a foreign nuclear power, tied to the bringing of racketeers and racketeering money into the United States on a huge scale, and the Clintonistas cannot claim that they didn't know, that they weren't warned. What a wonderful campaign issue for the Republicans to use! So why are all of the Republican politicians sitting on their hands and pretending not to notice what's going on, just like the Democrats? Are they trying to avoid embarrassing a bunch of crooked “Russians?” Hardly. Are they already on the take from the Jewish crime bosses, like the Democrats are? Probably not — yet. But they all understand
—	all of them — that this is not a “Russian” issue; it's a Jewish issue.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
They all understand that, and so they're afraid to touch it.
What does this mean for our future? For one thing it means that the Organizatsiya will continue building its presence in America. It's already by far the largest and most dangerous criminal organization in America, and it is now clear that America's government will not move against it, and America's news media will not rouse the people against it. The Jews have softened up America, have broken down American society, have corrupted American institutions, to the point where there will be almost no resistance to their further penetration and takeover. No Republican politician, from George Bush, Jr., on down will stand against them. Instead, the Republicans will have their hands out for their share of the loot, just the way the Democrats do, and just the way Boris Yeltsin does.
One difference between die behavior of the Jewish crime bosses relative to America and their behavior relative to Russia that we will see is that the Jews are pulling money out of Russia and bringing it to the United States. They have bled Russia almost dry, but there's still much blood to be sucked from America. America will be the next center for Jewish organized crime.
And in America we'll be seeing much more of the viciousness and violence with which these Jews operate, as they gain self-confidence here: the same sort of murderous thuggery
FREE SPEECH for October 1999
which characterizes their presence in Russia, in Germany, and in other places where they dominate criminal activity and where they butcher whole families with the same callousness displayed by a slaughterhouse worker butchering a herd of cattle. When they have trouble with some of their White slaves — with some of the girls they have forced into prostitution — they think nothing of slitting the throats of a dozen of them in order to terrify the others back into submission. I mean, these girls are only goyim, only shiksas, so why not treat them like the cattle they are?
For a while the FBI will carry on its investigations of the Or ganizatsiya, and the CIA will issue its warnings, and there will be stories in the New York Times about “Russian” gangsters, but by and large no real move will be made to stop them or to warn the American people. The American political system already has been corrupted beyond the point of no return, and the mass media which are used to control the thinking and the behavior of the American masses already are almost completely in Jewish hands.
Just to be on the safe side, however, the Jews are continuing to wrap up a few loose ends in the area of media control. An example was the takeover this week of CBS by Viacom and its boss Sumner Redstone. Not that CBS wasn't already thoroughly Jewish, but there was always the danger that some very rich Gentile maverick might try to buy it and change its
15
flavor. Now it's safely in the hands of the Jewish media boss who gave us MTV, Sumner Redstone.
To reiterate: the classic Jewish technique for infiltrating and softening up a Gentile society so that it can be taken over is reaching its final stages in America. No mainstream American institution will put up any substantial resistance to the completion of this process — not the government, not the Christian churches, not the military leadership, and certainly not the mass media. All have been corrupted or taken over. And the American people will continue shuffling meekly toward the slaughterhouse so that the beast can drain the last drop of blood from them. Just as they were afraid to speak out against the massive non-White immigration which has changed the racial complexion of America for fear of being called “racists,” so will they also remain silent and non-resisting as Jewish organized crime spreads its tentacles over America for fear of being called “anti-Semitic.” If the beast is to be killed, we'll have to do it ourselves.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Shuffling Toward the Slaughterhouse,” aired on September 11, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
M Subscribe to Free Speech
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Speech.
Name:	________________________________________________ Mail to:
_______||l_________________________ |	„	National	Vanguard	Books
Address:	 .	P.0.	Box	330
Hillsboro, WV 24946
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year