FREE SPEECH • FEBRUARY 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. 2
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the first Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
: OF FREE SPEECH
&Mlme 31a^^^dd
lam]

Trade”
Dr. William Pierce
stiOHofSanity
Dnllrttoi' Here©
Bill and Monica
J-i; Dn William Pierce
Jews and the White Slave Trade
Steven Spielberg's pseudo-historical film about a 19th-century mutiny and massacre aboard a Spanish slave ship, Amistad, and the subsequent trial of the Black mutineers is being praised by the reviewers. Spielberg, one of the wealthiest and most successful of Hollywood's Jewish film makers, is also being praised by his kinsmen in various so-called “human rights” organizations for using his propaganda skills to sensitize White, Gentile audiences to the horrors of slavery and make them feel just a litde more guilty for treating non-Whites so badly in the past. What the film doesn't mention, of course, is that Spielberg's Jewish kinsmen owned many, though not all, of the ships involved in the 18th- and 19th-century Adantic trade in Black slaves and, in fact, played a very prominent role in bringing Black slaves to America.
The film tends to steer one away from blaming anyone for slavery except White Gentiles. This bit of mis-
direction is interesting in light of the fact that Jews have been dominant in the slave trade since at least Roman times — especially the trade in White
PA3AABI/IM rAflUHY!
nPE3MnEHT, rOBOPaiHHl?! HA MflWU
The caption of this cartoon, from a Russian nationalist newspaper, reads “Let us smash the reptile — the pornography-merchant."
slaves. Jewish slave dealers followed Caesar's armies everywhere — into Gaul, into Germany, and into other northern lands — eager to buy as slaves all of the captives of the Romans — especially the female captives.
Jews have remained dominant in the White slave trade until the present day — although during the Middle Ages the Christian Church tried unsuccessfully a number of times to stop them, beginning in the fifth century with an edict by the emperor Theodosius II against Jews owning Christian slaves. After being banned from owning or dealing in slaves by one emperor, the Jews would wait until the next emperor came along, then they would buy a charter giving them a monopoly in the slave trade. Then public outrage against the Jews would grow until another emperor would ban their slave-dealing again. Most of the time, however, the Jews were the Undis-
o
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
Nathalie, a Ukrainian, and Maya, a Russian. Neither knew she would end up as a prostitute in Israel.
puted masters of the White slave trade, and that is still the case today.
Interestingly enough, this fact was revealed in a recent news report in the Jewish newspaper the New York Times, of all places. The January 11 issue has a major article tided “Contraband Women” and written by a Jewish reporter in Israel. The article deals specifically with the Jewish trade in Ukrainian and Russian women — although it doesn't label the trade as “Jewish." What the report does say is this:
Centered in Moscow and the Ukrainian capital Kiev, the networks trafficking women run east to Japan and Thailand, where thousands of young Slavic women now work against their will as prostitutes, and west to the Adriatic coast and beyond.The routes are controlled by Russian crime gangs based in Moscow,
What the reader must understand is that these crime gangs don't have a
real Russian in them. They are entirely Jewish, but the agreed-upon subterfuge used by the newspapers in this country is to refer to them as “Russian” rather than as Jewish. Thus one reads in various news organs about the recent takeover of organized crime in many areas of America — especially the East Coast and Los Angeles — by “Russian gangs” and of the vicious ness and cleverness of these “Russian” gangsters, but there is never any mention of the feet that they are not Russians at all, but Jews from the former Soviet Union: Jews like Mr. Clinton's supporter Vadim Rabinovich, photographed shaking hands with Clinton at a Miami fundraiser when he was illegally in the United States, as I mentioned in my broadcast of December 27, 1997.
The story of the exploitation of eastern Europe by the Jews is a fascinating and infuriating story. Through-
out the Middle Ages and into the modern era they focused on profiting from the weaknesses and vices of the Gentile populations of Poles, Russians, Ukrainians and others among whom they lived as a barely tolerated minority. In addition to being the moneylenders, they controlled the liquor business and owned the drinking establishments, the gambling dens, and the brothels. A number of 19th-century Russian writers, among them Dostoievski and Gogol, have described their destructive effects on Slavic peasant society and the perpetual condition of mutual hostility which existed between the Jews and the Slavs.
During the 19th and early 20th centuries the Jewish trade in White slaves from these lands expanded enormously. It has been described by the Jewish historian Edward Bristow in his 1982 book Prostitution and Prey udice, published by Oxford University Press and Schocken Books in New York. Although Bristow's book is written from the viewpoint of one opposed to this Jewish trade in women, it is nevertheless enormously revealing. The Jews recruited peasant girls in Polish and Russian villages, usually under false pretenses, and transported them to brothels in Turkey, Egypt, and other parts of the Middle East; to Vienna, Budapest, and other major cities in the Austro-Hungarian Empire; and as far away as New York, New Orleans, and Buenos Aires. This Jewish trade in Slavic women naturally caused a great deal of hatred against the Jews by the Slavs, and this hatred broke out in pogroms and other popular actions against the Jews over and over again.
One would believe from the works of Mr. Spielberg and other Jewish propagandists that the hatred the Slavs bore against the Jews was based only on religious bigotry and that the Jews were completely innocent and inoffensive. One fascinating feet which Bristow's book reveals is that the center of the Jewish trade in Polish girls was in a little town called

® 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Boris Berezovsky
Oswiecim. The German name for this town was Auschwitz.
I don't mean to imply that the Jews were the only ones at fault in the White slave trade. Gentile politicians and police officials gladly accepted bribes from the Jews and in return allowed them to carry on their dirty business. And in the United States non-Jewish criminal elements such as the Mafia collaborated with the Jews or ran their own White slave opera-tions. But the trade in White slaves from eastern Europe has been an exclusively Jewish activity for the last 200 years.
It is ironic that another Jewish enterprise, organized Marxism, put a temporary crimp in the Jewish trade in Slavic women. When the Jewish Bolsheviks seized control of Russia and Ukraine after the First World War, and of Poland and other Slavic lands after the Second World War, they clamped down on all capitalist activity, including that of their Jewish brethren in the White slave business. What they did instead was establish a huge empire of slave-labor camps, of which Alexander Solzhenitsyn has written so eloquently. Jewish slave dealers became commissars and slave camp bosses. And of course, they butchered their Gentile opponents by
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
the millions. The time of communism was the Jews' time for getting rid of all of the Russian and Ukrainian patriots, who had hated them for so long.
Actually, some capitalist activity did survive throughout the communist years in the form of organized crime. Two excellent books on the subject were published in the United States, both written by Soviet Jews thoroughly familiar with organized crime in the Soviet Union. In fact, one of the authors, Yuri Brokhin, was a former member of a Jewish organized crime gang in Russia, where he worked as a pimp. His book, Hustling on Gorky Street, was published in 1975 by Dial Press.
The other author, Konstantin Simis, was a Jewish defense lawyer for organized Jewish criminals. His book, USSR: The Corrupt Society, was published in 1982 by Simon and Schuster. Both of these Jewish authors write quite frankly about the Jewish domination of organized crime during the communist years. Brokhin brags about it, in fact. He says Russians and other Slavs can only be ordinary criminals, depending on guns and strong-arm tactics, but they aren't smart enough for successful, large-scale organized crime; only Jews are smart enough for that.
A factor neither author mentions which was more important than smartness was the connections Jewish criminals had with Jewish communists in the Soviet bureaucracy. When Abe, who ran a prostitution and drug racket in Moscow, could count on his cousin Hymie in the prosecutor's office to keep him informed about police plans for raids, as well as a little covert assistance if matters ever came to court, he had a distinct advantage over his Russian competitors.
Eventually communism bled eastern Europe dry, and with the economies of the countries under their control on the verge of collapse the communists switched hats, declared themselves “democrats” instead of communists, and announced a return
3
Vladimir Gusinsky
to capitalism. The Jewish slave dealers went back into business, and business was good for them. Other Jewish communists went into business too. As the economies were “privatized” — that is, as state-owned factories and businesses were sold to private entrepreneurs at bargain-basement prices — Jews used their connections with their now-“ democratic” kinsmen in the bureaucracies to snap them up. Other Jews, who had monopolized organized crime during the communist years, remained as organized crime bosses but greatly expanded the scope of their operations. Often, the new entrepreneurs and the new crime bosses are the same people.
The richest man in Russia today is Boris Berezovsky, who since the collapse of communism has become a multi-billionaire by buying up banks, television networks, and newspapers from the government, with the aid of his fellow Jews still in the bureaucracy. Berezovsky speeds around Moscow in a bulletproof vest and an armored limousine, and anyone who gets in the way of his business interests has a tendency to get shot or simply to disappear. Second only to Berezovsky in wealth is another Jewish media mogul, Vladimir Gusinsky. Between them, Berezovsky and
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
Gusinsky control most of the mass media in Russia. They also exercise pretty thorough control I of Boris Yeltsin, Russia's alcoholic president, who is sort of al Slavic version of Bill Clinton, plus vodka. It was only through the support of Berezovsky's and I Gusinsky's media that YeltsinM won his last election.
If you remember, Clinton I and all of the Jewish media ini the United States also were root-| ing enthusiastically for Yeltsin during that election. They all were afraid that a genuine Russian patriot might beat Yeltsin, in which case the Jewish control of Russia would have been finished.
After the election, Yeltsin appointed Berezovsky to Russia's national security council, but when some of the few media in Russia which still are independent publicized Berezovsky's connections to Jewish organized crime gangs, Yeltsin was forced to fire him. Yeltsin has made up for that, however, by appointing another Jew, Boris Nemtsov, to the position of deputy prime minister, one of the most powerful positions in the government. One thing Yeltsin never has done, however, is make any move to curtail the operations of Russia's organized Jewish crime gangs, which are running rampant through the country and displaying their wealth and power, while ordinary Russians struggle to feed themselves and keep their homes warm this winter:
And tens of thousands of pretty ut naive young Russian and Ukrai-In women arc being swept up lyy > Jewish gangs — called *Russian" gs by the New York. Times —and ped off to a life of misery and Ration in Turkey, Pakistan, Thai-and Israel\ as well as to coun-i western Europe, where Jews ontrol organized crime. The /omen, unable to find work in Jkratnc, or Poland and facing iture in countries ravaged Iry


Cecilia, 19, and Marlina, 16, two Bulgarian women working as prostitutes in the Czech Republic. Cecilia was sold by “an acquaintance" to a pimp for $600.
decades of communism, are eager for any chance at a better life. They respond to advertisements that offer them work abroad as receptionists or secretaries and also promise free training and transportation. When the girls arrive at their destinations, however, they find something quite different — but by then it is too late.
One of these girls, Irina, a 21-year-old, green-eyed Ukrainian blond, was interviewed in Israel. She told how her Israeli employer took her to a brothel soon after her arrival in Israel. He took her passport away from her, burned it before her eyes, and told her that she now was his
Maya in the Troplcana Club, a Tel Aviv brothel
property and must work in the brothel. When Irina refused, she was beaten and raped. Luckier than most of the Slavic women lured to Israel, Irina eventually was swept up in a police raid and sent to prison as an illegal alien. She was awaiting deportation, along with hundreds of other Russian and Ukrainian women, when she was interviewed. She lamented the fact that the Israeli who had raped her and forced her to work in the brothel was not even arrested. Indeed, according to Jewish law, the rape of a Gentile woman is not illegal. Nor is it illegal in Israel to buy and sell slaves, so long as the slaves are not Jewish. Amazingly, the New York Times article reveals this fact.
The White slave trade is big business in Israel. Ukrainian authorities estimate that as many as 40,000 Ukrainian women under the age of 30 are taken from Ukraine each year. Some of these women respond to advertisements promising employment abroad, like Irina did, and some are simply kidnapped and smuggled out of the country. Those who try to escape from their Jewish captors are treated brutally. Often they are butchered in front of other captive women to keep the others terrified into doing whatever they are told. At slave markets operated by the Jewish gangs in Italy young Slavic women are stripped, put on blocks, and auctioned off to brothel owners.
The most astounding thing about this whole, filthy business is that most people are forced to learn about it from a Jewish newspaper like the New York Times. And really, you should read for yourself the article to which I referred. It was in the January 11, 1998, issue, and the news is not likely to be repeated.
Ask yourself, why doesn't Interpol, the international police agency, do something to put a stop to this White slave trade? Why don't the governments of the countries from which
1998 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
5
This cartoon portrays Yeltsin and Gorbachev as the twin dogs of a Jewish monster wearing stars and stripes.
the women are being abducted do something? Why don't the mass media raise a hue and cry? Why don't powerful feminist organizations demand the eradication of White sla-very?
And the answer to all of these questions is easy: they dare not do or say anything because it is a Jewish business. In places like Germany, where the Jews have almost total control of organized crime, anyone who announces that fact publicly will be arrested and charged with “inciting racial hatred.” Germany and most other European countries have laws against what they call “hate speech.” Saying anything negative about Jews, true or not, invokes these laws.
Jewish organizations — and of course, the Clinton administration — would like very much to have similar laws in the United States. Interpol, which has plenty of other work to keep it busy, is not eager to be charged with “anti-Semitism” by going after the Jewish White-slave gangs. Even if Interpol did arrest the gangsters, it wouldn't do much good, because the fix is in nearly every-
Is this another piece of "anti-Semitic propaganda?” No, it is an actual ad for an S&M "dungeon” called the Den of Iniquity. It has a mostly Jewish clientele (rumored to include sportscaster Marv Albert) and is located in New York city.
where. There's a huge amount of money made from selling women: enough money to pay off politicians, bureaucrats, judges, and policemen.
Jews like to say about the so-called “Holocaust” of the Second World War, “Never again.” They like to talk about how it is necessary to stamp out anti-Semitism and pass laws against so-called “hate speech,” so that there can never be another “Holocaust.” But by their own behavior they guarantee that there will be.
While some Jews beat the drums for more reparations payments from Switzerland, Germany, France, and other countries they claim didn't treat diem right or took some of their ill-gotten gold from them 55 or 60 years ago, other Jews are still bleeding countries like Poland, Ukraine, Russia, and the Baltic nations of money and of their young women. Countries which suffered for decades under the brutal rule of communist commissars are still being exploited by the same people, now calling themselves “democrats.”
The Jews believe that with their deathgrip on the mass media nearly everywhere, with their puppets — like Bill Clinton and Boris Yeltsin — in positions of power in the East and in
the West, with the enormous wealth they have at their disposal, and with so many Gentiles buffaloed by “Holocaust” propaganda of the sort cranked out by Steven Spielberg and a hundred others, they can keep getting away with their exploitation of us forever. But they are wrong. They themselves are building up the hatred and the resentment and the rage which will destroy them. It will destroy them all: the gang members, the media bosses, the “advisers” to Bill Clinton and Boris Yeltsin, the professional “Holocaust” waiters, the former commissars, and the rest, even those who are not currendy involved in any of these activities. They are guaranteeing that there will be another “Holocaust.” And this time it will be a real one.
Thanks for being with me again today — and do find and read that article on the White slave trade in the January 11, 1998, New York Times.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Jews and the White Slave Trade,” aired on January 24, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
Thoughts on “Free Trade”
It has been interesting watching die collapse of die Asian economy during the last few months and its effect on the American economy. The people in America who have been hurt by what's happening in Asia are those who are involved in exports of American products to Asia. The Asian countries whose currencies have fallen in value relative to the dollar are able to buy much less from American producers than before, and so many of our industries which are heavily dependent on exports are in trouble and are being forced to cut back their operations and lay off employees. It looks like 1998 will be a very bad year for most of these American export industries.
All of this is rather embarrassing for the New World Order crowd and for the trendy enthusiasts for a global economy. A year or so ago they were all telling us how much better off we'd be if we went along with all of their so-called “free trade” proposals. “Don't worry if a few American jobs go overseas,” they said. “We'll more than make up for it with the growth in our export industries.” Then after die Clinton administration pushed their proposals through, the globalists gave us one optimistic report after another on how our export industries were growing. This was all very deceptive, because despite their implications that so-called “free trade” was resulting in economic gains for us, it wasn't What we gained in export business was more than made up for by our losses in other industries that continued to lose out to China and other Asian and Latin American countries. The average American really hasn't paid much attention to this because the overall American economy is still relatively strong, and overall unemployment here is still quite low.
We are now, however, seeing one of the pitfalls 1 warned against back during the debate over “free trade.” We are seeing what “interdependence” really means. “Interdependence” is one of those very trendy concepts which is fashionable among air-headed liberals and also is being
pushed very enthusiastically by hard-| headed Jewish media bosses. The idea is that no country — with the exception of Israel, of course — should be independent and autonomous. Autonomy has been given a nasty flavor by these people. To them it is a Politically Incorrect concept. It is a bit like fascism or racism, they would have us believe. What we should have instead of independence and autonomy is interdependence. That is, all of the countries of the world should be dependent on each other to such a degree that no country can act unilaterally on any matter, but must first obtain the consent of all of the other countries on which it is dependent: like a big “family of nations,” a very fashionable idea in this feminine era, a very warm and fuzzy sounding idea, the sort of idea in favor with the Clinton crowd and with air-heads generally.
What more level-headed Americans need to ask themselves is whether or not they really want to be dependent on China, Korea, Mexico, and a whole array of Third World countries just to be fashionable. Actually, the current collapse of the Asian economy may be a good thing for us, because it serves as a warning of where interdependence leads. And I will tell you now that everything I intend to say on this subject is from the very unfashionable viewpoint of a man who believes that autonomy is one of the most precious possessions a nation can have. Autonomy is a prerequisite for freedom. A nation which gives away its autonomy soon will lose its freedom as well.
Does it seem that I am over-generalizing here? Am I going a bit too far in claiming that “free trade” must lead to the loss of freedom? Well, of course, there are cases where unrestricted trade may be beneficial rather than harmful. If two trading partners already have a community of interests — which is to say, if their populations are very similar — then “free trade” will have the effect of binding diem together and making them even more similar. Their wage scales and standards of living will tend to become
equal. Eventually, their mores and ideas and attitudes also will become more similar. And their dependence on each other will grow. The individual partners will lose their autonomy. But if the populations already are essentially the same, then a new and larger autonomy will emerge.
It's a bit like a man and woman becoming married. Each gives up individual autonomy and freedom and develops a dependence on the other. But the two as a whole — the married couple — gains a new autonomy which may be better for each of the partners than before — provided the marriage is a good one, and that is a critical stipulation. We may want to contemplate a marriage with Canada, say, or with Britain, Germany, or Switzerland. But we should not even consider a marriage with Mexico or China.
Now, let me assure you that what I have said about the relationship between “free trade” and interdependence is quite well understood by the proponents of “free trade.” When, in their efforts to minimize your fears, they tell you that “free trade” with China will in no way jeopardize America's economy or our national sovereignty, they are lying to you. Their aim, of course, is not primarily to damage America's economy. In fact, as I noted a minute ago, they are a bit embarrassed about what the Asian economic collapse is doing to America's export industries now. They are hoping you won't notice that — and especially that you won't draw any conclusions from that. Their real aim is to effect a marriage, to bring about interdependence, to destroy America's autonomy and take away her freedom. And they prefer to do that without causing Americans to become agitated by too rapid a lowering of their standard of living. And the sort of marriage they like best is a marriage where the partners are as unequal as possible, a marriage with the least community of interests.
Perhaps you hadn't noticed, but the most enthusiastic of the “free traders” are the people who are most enthusiastic about every other sort of
<§> 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
MemDers or Jesse jacKson s
in favor of free trade.
egalitarian program, every other sort of racial mixing program, every other sort of program which promotes the interests of non-Whites to the disadvantage of Whites. Today's “free traders” are the folks who were marching arm in arm with Black “civil rights” demonstrators a generation ago and were picketing the South African embassy a decade ago and are in favor of open borders and unrestricted immigration today. Being in favor of “free trade” today and against national autonomy is a touchstone of Political Correctness.
Don't be confused by the fact that some labor bosses who are very Politically Correct on domestic racial issues are not entirely happy with what “free trade” is doing to the jobs of some of their union members, or that some very rich capitalists who have been
indifferent to domestic racial issues are happy with “free trade.” The fact is that for the trendy, air-headed liberals and the media bosses who are the principal enthusiasts for “free trade,” it is not primarily an economic issue; rather it is an ideological issue, and the ideology is egalitarianism, raised from the individual level to the national level. They want America to lose her autonomy and her freedom and to become dependent on non-White nations, in the same way that they wanted White South Africans to become subservient to Blacks and in the same way that they wanted government-enforced racial integration of our schools and in the same way that they want the flood of Mexican, Haitian, and Chinese immigrants into our country to continue.
I'll tell you a secret: the “free trade” issue is really a racial issue. The folks who were so hot to push NAFTA — the North American Free Trade Agreement — through wouldn't have been interested in it if it had involved just Canada and the United States. What appealed to them was the idea of increasing our dependence on Mexico, the idea of equalizing Brown Mexicans and White Americans. They're not really interested in increasing our dependence on Sweden, Germany, or Poland; what appeals to them is making us more dependent on Nigeria, Vietnam, China, or Honduras. Their view of history is a vision of White bullies and exploiters pushing the non-White peoples of the world around, and this is a very painful vision for them. They would much rather have things the
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
7
8
other way around — so long as they personally are not the White people being pushed around. They want to make sure that White people don't have a chance to be bullies again. And the way to do that is to make us dependent on non-Whites.
The consequences of this loony-liberal trade policy are much more than economic. Our export industries may be hurting economically now because of what is happening to the Asian economy, but much more serious is what has happened to us because of our dependence on imports from Asia. We used to have a consumer electronics industry in America — televisions, VCRs, micro-wave ovens, and so on — and we also used to have a machine-tool industry: lathes, milling machines, and so on. Those industries have been wiped out — completely destroyed — by Asian competition. The same thing is happening with textiles, shoes, and a hundred other more or less basic industries: industries which are essential for national autonomy. We couldn't build a decent television receiver or a general-purpose lathe in this country now if we wanted to, because those industries no longer exist here. The factories have shut down and the skilled workers who used to make these things are now dishing out fries at McDonalds. It would take us a year to tool up again and probably five years to really pick up steam in many of these basic industries.
You know, it really doesn't matter if we get all of our plastic hair curlers from China or not We can do without those. But it does matter who makes our machine tools, because we can't do without them. We need co keep all of our essential industries, all of the industries on which our autonomy is dependent, in this country, even if that means that the yuppies and the couch potatoes can't afford to buy as many VCRs, even if it means that the cost of clothing goes up a bit
Competition is a good thing if it keeps efficiency up and prices down. But it is not a good thing if it drives an essential industry out of the country. Undoubtedly there has been much inefficiency in American industry. Labor unions and their some-
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
times unreasonable demands for higher wages and more fringe benefits have been responsible for part of this inefficiency. Monopolistic business practices have been responsible for part of it. But competition, in order to be healthy, must be kept within national borders — or at least, within our own community of interests — which is to say, within our own White world.
Competition between Asia and the United States is not a matter of efficiency. There are many products which American industries simply cannot produce and sell as cheaply as their Asian competitors can, even if we do everything we can to maximize our efficiency. I'll mention a trivial example which I noticed during the Yule season. I bought several strings of 100 Christmas tree lights each for $2.50 per string. That seems to be the going price in most stores. These strings of lights were made in China, of course, because no American company could possibly produce and sell them that cheaply and remain in business — unless, of course, their labor were essentially free.
We can get along without Christmas tree lights, but there are many other things we cannot get along without, and we are losing our ability to produce those things just as surely as we have been driven out of the Christmas tree light business. The yuppies and the couch potatoes may not worry about these things now, because they can still buy more consumer junk for less money, but the consequences of “free trade” will catch up with them soon enough, just as it already has caught up with our workers in industries dependent on exports to Asia and with our workers whose former jobs have been shipped overseas. Eventually “free trade” brings about a leveling of wages and standards of living. Eventually our happy couch potatoes will be earning the same wages as the Chinese workers who produce Christmas tree lights, and then they will not be so happy.
This is what is happening in the American clothing industry right now. American women who work at sewing machines in American factories earn about $10 an hour, plus
medical and other benefits. Korean or Guatemalan women doing the same work receive about one dollar per hour and no fringe benefits. The consequence is that American clothing factories are shutting down, one after another, and the companies are having the work done in Korea or Guatemala. The clothes are then shipped back to America, where the yuppies and the couch potatoes can buy them for less than if they were made with American labor, and the companies can make more profit. But the American women who were making $10 per hour plus benefits are being forced into minimum-wage work. Wages gradually rise in Korea and Guatemala, while they gradually fall in America.
There are fluctuations in this process — local and temporary ups and downs — which make it very complex and confusing if one focuses too closely on the details, but the overall effects are inescapable: wages and the standard of living fall in the richer country and rise in the poorer country, until the two are approximately equal. In addition, some industries will move entirely to one country or the other to take maximum advantage of local peculiarities in demographics or other resources. And when one of these industries that moves is an essential one, the country from which it moves loses its autonomy.
These are always the ultimate effects of “free trade,” and the promoters of “free trade” know that. They are counting on the process of increasing interdependence and wage equalization moving slowly enough so that Americans don't become alarmed and try to pull back before the process has gone so far that we can no longer extricate ourselves. It's a bit like the old story of cooking the frogs slowly enough so that they don't realize they're being cooked until it's too late to try to jump out of the cooking pot. The idea now is to keep the yuppies and the couch potatoes reasonably happy, pay off the unemployed textile workers with extended government benefits taken from taxes on those who are still employed, and keeping everybody intimidated and confused with a steady flow of propaganda from the controlled media to
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
make people think that they will be condemned as racists if they object to “free trade” policies. If the media bosses can pull it off, it will be one more demonstration of their ability to persuade a Gentile nation to commit mass suicide.
Of course, it doesn't have to go that way. If the productive classes of this country would just begin thinking about their own long-range interests, they could halt the process now. They wouldn't even have to be altruistic or to share the same ideology. All they would have to do is join forces long enough to put down and do away with the air-heads and the media bosses and their criminal collaborators. One short, sharp revolution, and we could scuttle the whole globalist scheme.
Look at what the enemies of our people already have done to us. Look at what they have done to our cities: cities which .used to be ours, which used to be White communities. Is
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
being able to buy cheaper VCRs worm that? Look at what they have done to our schools and our universities. Places like Harvard University used to be entirely White; the globalists have transformed it to a zoo with a student body which is less than a fifth White Gentiles now. Is being able to buy cheaper Christmas tree lights and cheaper shoes worth that7 Think about the future our children and our grandchildren face in the sort of America the “free traders” are striving for. It will be an America in which our grandchildren will not only be a minority in our cities and in places like Harvard, but they will be a minority in the country as a whole. Remember, the “free traders” are also the ones keeping our borders open to the flood of immigration from the Third World. Is being able to continue making big capital gains on the stock market for another few years — so long as we didn't make the mistake
9
of investing in export industries, of course — are these capital gains worth what we are doing Co our grandchildren?
If we shrink from the short, sharp course I mentioned, then we will doom our posterity Co unending misery and squalor, slaving forever for che benefic of a minoricy which believes chac ic is encided Co rule all che peoples and naCions of che world. Lee us resolve noc Co leC chac happen and Co do whacever we muse Co pre-venc ic.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Thoughts on ‘Free Trade/” aired on January 3, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
A Question of Sanity
If you have been reading Free Speech for very long, you know that I nearly always focus on concrete facts, on hard news, on analyzing and interpreting what's happening in the world. I don't often deal with abstractions or with philosophical questions — but sometimes I do. I hope you'll forgive me if I do so again.
In fact, I will get into some concrete, factual matters, but first I want to pose an abstract question. When a person observes behavior all around him that seems crazy, that seems insane, how does he know that it is not he himself who is insane rather than the people around him? When other people are doing and saying things which seem wholly unreasonable, how does he know that he is not the one who is unreasonable instead of the other people? Do we have any absolute standard by which to judge such matters?
Let me give a specific example of this problem. I have stated, both expliridy and implicitly, on a large number of occasions my belief that Blacks, or Negroes, or Afro-Americans, or whatever you want to call them, are inferior as a race to Whites,
or European Americans, in the innate abilities involved in building and maintaining a civilization. That is, I've claimed that Whites are smarter and more creative than Blacks.
Now, in opposition to this the U.S. government, the schools, the churches, and the controlled media claim that there is no such difference in abilities between Blacks and Whites. A difference in skin color, yes, but that's all. There's no difference in problem-solving ability, in creativity, or in temperament between Blacks and Whites that gives Whites an edge at building or maintaining a civilization. That's the official dogma. Any government official, public school teacher, or minister in a mainstream church who contradicts this dogma — or who even fails to support it with sufficient enthusiasm — will be hounded by his more orthodox colleagues.
So who's crazy: I or all of those folks in the government, the schools, the churches, and the media? Am I like one of those poor, confused creatures who goes around with his right hand stuck inside his shirt claiming that he's Napoleon?
Or is my case more like that of an Italian teacher who, about 400 years ago, claimed that the earth revolved around the sun, while nearly everyone else in the government, the universities, and the church held the view that the sun revolved around the earth and that to say otherwise was evidence of either craziness or impiety? How do we decide?
If we go by the numbers, there certainly are a lot more crazy people who believe they're Napoleon than there are genuine Galileos. And, let's face it, most people who are totally out of step with everyone else should be suspected of being a little crazy.
Now, I don't mean to compare myself with Galileo. He was truly a great, creative genius, the sort of genius that our race produces perhaps once in a century, and he would be a historical celebrity even if he hadn't had a conflict with the authorities about his astronomical beliefs. But there are some things to be learned from his case which can help us answer the question of how we can judge who is sane.
First, let's note that Galileo was not alone in his beliefs. It was just
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
This is a building constructed by Whites in the former Rhodesia.
that most people who believed as he did had the sense to keep their mouths shut — at least in Italy. Galileo wasn't even the originator of the idea that got him into trouble. He had just looked at Copernicus' idea of die solar system and decided that it made a lot more sense than the Ptolemaic ideas that were Politically Correct at the time. Furthermore, if Copernicus' idea about the solar system hadn't had some important theological implications, Galileo wouldn't have gotten himself into trouble for it Galileo already had come up with a lot of new ideas which had amazed people, but they hadn't ridiculed him as being crazy or condemned him as being impious for these other ideas — because these other ideas had no obvious religious significance. But the Copemican idea did have some religious significance, and that made a lot of difference, even to people who
didn't take religion very seriously: people who had a vested interest in the status quo, and that included a great many bureaucrats and academicians.
A difference between the cases of Galileo and the fellows who believe they're Napoleon is that no one else agrees with the would-be Napoleons, either publicly or privately. Many other scholars agreed privately with Galileo but were too timid to say so publicly. A second difference is that there is no religious frenzy or religious bigotry involved when people consider someone's claim to be Napoleon. They laugh and decide he's joking or he's crazy, but they don't become indignant about it. They don't have a sudden attack of piety, the way they did in response to Galileo.
Another thing to note about Galileo's case: The scholars who privately agreed with him and accepted the
Copernican idea did not do so for religious reasons. They did so because the Copernican idea made more sense than the Ptolemaic idea. It agreed better with the facts, with the evidence.
Am I crazy for asserting that Blacks and Whites are inherendy different and unequal in their civilization-building abilities, or is there something wrong with all of the people in the government, the schools, the churches, and the media who claim that I am either crazy or impious — that is, a “hater” — for saying so? As in Galileo's case, my assertions of racial differences are not original: they are not my idea. I have simply looked at the evidence, at the facts, and have based my conclusions on them. So have a great many other people, scholars and otherwise, many of whom, unfortunately, are too timid to say so publicly.
One other very important similarity with the case of Galileo is that the question of racial differences or racial equality has enormous theological implications. The theology involved, of course, is the modern one which has superseded Christianity, even in the churches: the theology of Political Correctness. And just as in Galileo's day, there are many people in the government, the schools, even the churches, who don't take this theology seriously — who don't really believe it — but who have a vested interest in maintaining it and therefore will ridicule or condemn anyone who questions it.
So again, who's crazy: I or the egalitarians? How do we judge?
Let me tell you how I judge such cases: I look at the evidence, at the facts, and I look at the people involved on each side of the issue, at what I know about their characters and their intelligence, and I look at the context, social and historical. But first and foremost I look at the evidence.
1 look at the historical record — or lack thereof — in the Black areas of Africa. I look at the performance — or lack thereof — of Blacks in the other parts of the world, such as the Americas, the Caribbean, and more recently, Europe. And I look at the records of criminal activity, of illegiti-
<£> 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
And this is a building constructed by Blacks in the former Rhodesia. Yet we are told the races are equal in ability.
macy, of drug abuse. And I look at intelligence tests and at racial biometric studies which were done back before it became Politically Incorrect to measure brain sizes and morphologies. And I see a consistency in all of these things. They all fit together: the lower intelligence, the thicker skulls and smaller brains, the greater criminal activity, the historical lack of performance. And I conclude that Blacks almost certainly cannot build a civilization if left to themselves, and they almost certainly will destroy any civilization built by others if they are allowed to become a very large presence in it.
And I compare my conclusions with the conclusions of others. I note that before the Second World War virtually everyone — scholars, bureaucrats, churchmen, even the media — came to the same conclusion. Certainly, ordinary White people were universal in their opinion about the differences in abilities between Whites and Blacks — although we always want to be careful about relying on public opinion.
There were a few religious bigots, a few rabid egalitarians, who even back before the war denied all of the evidence of Black inequality and insisted that their lack of performance was the consequence of White oppression and that their lower scores on intelligence tests were due to “cultural bias.” But most people considered these bigots, these egalitarian zealots, to be a litde crazy.
Then after the war the Jews who control the media launched an all-out campaign to persuade everyone that the bigots were right after all. With the public advent of television in the 1950s, the media bosses gained an enormously powerful tool for changing public opinion, and as they began persuading substantial numbers of the most impressionable segments of the White public with television dramas portraying Blacks as noble, intelligent, and unjusdy treated — and also portraying Whites who objected to mixing with Blacks as primitive, hateful, and repulsive — the politicians, the churchmen, and the more ambi-
tious academics saw which way the wind was blowing and began to side with the egalitarians too.
The 1960s were the real turning point in this postwar propaganda campaign. That's when the Jews in the media, working closely with the Jews in the universities, managed to turn American society upside down. They encouraged drugs, permissiveness, hedonism, and youthful rebellion. They ridiculed every traditional belief and standard.
The Vietnam war — or rather the government's vacillating and pusillanimous conduct of that war — was a great help to them. Organizations such as Students for a Democratic Society and the Youth International Party and a hundred others, nearly all led by Jews, marched in the streets with Viet Cong flags, burned American flags, occupied and trashed university administrative offices, burned campus ROTC buildings, bombed U.S. military installations, encouraged young men to burn their draft cards, and generally raised hell, all with the
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
12
approval of the mass media. All of this was in the middle of a war, in which 58,000 young Americans were being killed, and the U.S. govern' ment did nothing to stop the massive treason that was going on in this country. The consequence of this was to shake die confidence of nearly everyone. Everything that people had believed was called into question.
I don't want to recount the whole history of that period of artificial turmoil and change in American society. The point is that public opinion can be manipulated, and public opinion is not a reliable indicator of what's true and what isn't. That was the case in Galileo's day, and it's also the case today. It's important to have public opinion on your side for political reasons, but that has little or nothing to do with right or wrong.
What we should examine more carefully are the opinions of the authorities — the people who formulate the propaganda line for the mass media and for what is taught in our schools. Is the 180-degree change in this propaganda line during the past 60 years based on facts and sound reasoning? I get a lot of hate mail from people under die influence of this propaganda: mail from people who tell me that 1 am crazy because I do not believe that Blacks and Whites are die same. And very often these people parrot bade to me what they have been taught by die authorities. I hear the same propaganda statements parroted over and over again. For example: “You are crazy for wanting to preserve the White race. There is no such thing as a pure race. We all have ancestors of all races if we go back enough generations. So there is no pure White race for you to preserve." The unstated implication of this is that, since we're already mon-grelized, there's nothing wrong with more mixing, and we shouldn't try to stop miscegenation. Ids too late. There's no point in it
How's this for an equivalent argument "There's no point in bathing, because no matter how carefully we bathe there always are still some germs left on us: under our fingernails, perhaps, or in our ears. So let's just stop bathing, since we can't realty be dean anyway."
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
Another of their standard arguments is this: “There's more variation within the races than between the races. The whole concept of separate races makes no sense.” In plain language, what this argument says is that it's possible to find two people, both nominally “White,” who differ from each other more in intelligence, skin tone, and other mental and physical characteristics than Colin Powell, say, or some other octoroon nominally classified as “Black,” differs from some people classified as “White.” And because this large range of characteristics among individuals who nominally belong to the same race exceeds the difference between a few selected individuals who nominally belong to different races, we should ignore the average differences between the races as a whole.
I guess this argument sounds especially good in some of our “melting pot” cities like New York, where one can find just about every shade of racial mixture imaginable, some of them classified as “White” and some as “Black,” “Asian,” or “Hispanic.” But what this argument really tells us is that we need to do quite a bit of racial housecleaning to make up for some of the dysgenic practices of the past few centuries. It should not convince us that there's no difference between Swedes and Haitians.
It is also good to look a little more carefully at what genetic variation means. Much of our genetic makeup goes into providing for the basic, bodily functions of life. All mammals have a great deal in common genetically. All warm blooded animals have alls in their body nourished by blood, and they have many of the same biochemical processes going on inside them. A lot of our genetic makeup goes to provide for these basic functions. A human being and a chimpanzee are over 90% identical in genetic makeup. When it comes to genetics small differences mean a lot.
Here’s another way to look at it: everyone realizes that all dogs have more in common with each other than they do with horses. However, no one would argue that this means that there is no significant difference between a poodle and a pit bull.
The point is that these propaganda statements of the egalitarians are specious. That may not be apparent to the people who write hate letters to me, but the media bosses and the teachers who preach this line have a better grasp of logic than the public. Perhaps they do nave some sound arguments on their side, but if so they're keeping them hidden; all of the ones they use to support their position publicly are full of holes — and they know it. And this is something else I take into consideration in judging who's sane and who isn't.
Finally, there's the matter of motive. The people who turned America upside down in the 1960s did so by building a coalition of a lot of different types of people with a grievance against the traditional White male establishment: feminists, Jews, homosexuals, Blacks and other non-Whites, along with a lot of per-missively raised, thoroughly spoiled young Whites. It is from this 1960s coalition that today's new establishment has come, the establishment that now dominates the government, the churches, the universities — and especially the mass media. These people have a vested interest in maintaining the myths on which their coalition is built, and their principal myth is that of egalitarianism.
Everything I've said today amounts to this: Don't let yourself be buffaloed. Don't let yourself be persuaded to accept anything that doesn't make sense to you, just because the people trying to buffalo you are loud and well organized. Look at the facts. Analyze the arguments. Think about the motives of the people who are telling you that you're crazy if you don't accept their ideas and their policies. Have confidence in yourself. When you see the government promoting policies which seem crazy to you, and you see the media and the churches and the schools all pirating the same party line, remember Galileo.
We'll get the inmates locked back in their cells yet!
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “A Question of Sanity,” aired on January 19, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
13
Bill and Monica
What would I do without Bill Clinton in the White House to provide me with a non-stop source of material? , Unfortunately, this latest escapade of his, involving not just another bimbo romp but also perjury, suborning of perjury, obstruction of justice, and a number of other felonies, may put my source behind bars for the next few years.
When the Lewinsky story first broke and I saw the grim expressions on the faces of the newscasters, I thought, hey, they're worried that their boy is really in trouble this time. Bill Clinton has had the media covering for him so many times, and has gotten away with so many crimes, that he has fallen into the error of thinking he can get away with anything.
I've talked with a number of people about the significance of Clinton's latest problem, and the opinions fall into two categories. First, there are those who don't want to see him go because they figure there's no one else who could do a better job of discrediting the whole, rotten system of which he's a part. The longer Clinton stays in the White House, they figure, the more citizens there will be who become so sick and tired of him that they'll be ready to blow the whole government to hell.
Then there are those who are happy about the prospect of seeing him packed off to prison in the near future. They were beginning to be afraid that he would continue getting away with everything.
1 can only speculate about the feelings of the Clintonistas. Of course, they're embarrassed that their boy got caught But among the people more closely tied to the Democratic Party and its long-term policies than to this particular administration there seems to be relief that they may not have to make excuses for Bill Clinton much longer. Democratic Party officials aren’t rooting for an impeachment like some Republicans, but I'm sure that many of them are praying that Bill Clinton gets run over by a large truck the next time he slips out of the White House for one of his late-night rendezvous — or barring
that, quiedy resigns from office. Some Democrats probably believe that even starting a war — a favorite ploy for distracting attention from domestic problems — will not save them from injury when the Clinton administration goes down.
One group of Democrats who are especially unhappy about this latest Clinton problem are the Jews who were planning to use Clinton as a club to bludgeon Iraq to death. If Clinton is impeached and the Jews have to wait for A1 Gore to start their war, there could be a delay of several months. That might give Saddam Hussein time to load up a few of his rockets with biological warfare agents and get them zeroed in on Israel. Let's hope so! On the other hand, there's a danger that Clinton, in his desperation to direct public attention elsewhere, may launch a premature attack on Iraq.
I have mixed feelings on the Clinton problem. I tend to agree in part with those who would like to see him stay in the White House. A1 Gore is not nearly as colorful a politician. He may not do as noticeable a job of discrediting the system. So far as I know, he's learned how to keep his fly closed during working hours. But he will be just as obedient to the Jewish media bosses as Clinton has been.
On the other hand, I made a prediction a year ago that Bill Clinton would be led out of the White House in handcuffs and leg-irons before the end of his second term, and it's usually nice to see one's predictions come true. Of course, if Clinton does go to prison we'll have to endure listening to all of the media apologists telling us, “See, the system works after all. It's a good system. We still have the rule of law. Not even the President of the United States can get away with breaking the law,” et cetera, ad nauseam.
The fact is, of course, that politicians and bureaucrats break the law all the time and get away with it. They're just not as flagrant and careless about it as Clinton is. And they're better about keeping their flies closed around the office.
On the whole, I'd prefer to see Clinton drummed out of the White House in disgrace. I remember the Watergate scandal 25 years ago which forced Richard Nixon to resign in disgrace. That did wonders for the public's attitude toward the government. It helped many people snap out of their authoritarian trance, in which they tended to regard the government as sacred, to be obeyed without question. Nevertheless, a lot of Americans made excuses for Nixon, because it was clear that everyone in the media had hated him from the beginning, and they had hounded him from office. It would do the American people good to see a President the media always have loved and shielded go down in flames as a result of his own carelessness and lack of self-discipline.
And I have more faith than most people do in A1 Gore's ability to continue discrediting the system. The Jews will force him to go ahead with the war against Iraq and with other destructive policies, and he doesn't have the Clinton charisma, the Clinton ability to keep the public charmed while peeing on their shoes.
My primary consideration in all of this is the need to build the public's distrust and dislike for the government, the public's contempt for the government That's not because I'm against government in general. I'm no anarchist. America needs a good, strong, patriotic government to clean this country up: a government willing and able to seal our borders, to round up and get rid of illegal aliens, to get Israel permanendy off our back, to get die mass media out of the hands of the natural enemies of our people, and to deal decisively with die problem of racial minorities, feminists, homosexuals, and the rest.
But we can't have a patriotic government until this one has been destroyed root and branch, until the whole system has been dismantled and all of the people associated with it have been properly disposed of, so that we can rebuild from the basement up. And we can't do that, we can't destroy the present government and get rid of its supporters, as long
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
as a majority of decent people still believe that this government can be saved, can be reformed. We need to cure them of that false notion.
Nothing can be done with most of the people who voted for Clinton, but I'm not concerned about them. I'm concerned about the decent people, the people who despise Clinton but who still naively believe that he is merely an aberration and that the system itself is basically sound. These people need to be illuminated, and I'm inclined to believe that the shock of seeing the President of the United States in handcuffs will do more to turn on a light in their heads than will the water-drip torture of listening to a continuing stream of stories about shady land deals back in Arkansas, campaign contributions from Chinese gangsters, and romps with bimbos on the carpet in the Oval Office for the next three years. We can't afford to wait another three years for the dead-heads to wake up. We need to get the revolution jump-started soon.
Just seeing Clinton go to jail won't do that, of course. That's just the first step. Ultimately we need for White Americans to understand that with the sort of government we have now, it's not possible to have an honest or patriotic President in the White House. The only sort of person who can get near the Presidency under the present system is someone who is fundamentally crooked, someone who is an unpatriotic criminal. He doesn't have to be as flamboyant about his criminality as Clinton is, but certainly no honest man and no patriot can be President so long as the government is subject to the mass media the way this one is. What we have now, in effect, is a government by the Jewish media bosses, and that's what we'll have if A1 Gore ends up in the White House too. It's also what we would have had with Bob Dole as President, or Newt Gingrich, or any of die other major-party politicians. Dole and Gingrich are just as hot to annihilate the Iraqis or anyone else who poses a threat to Israel's ambitions in the Middle East as Clinton is.
And, really, what's more dangerous for America: a President who can't keep his pants up or a President
A cartoon mocking Clinton which appeared in the Wall Street Journal.
willing to take America into wars that do not serve our country's interests?
Can you imagine A1 Gore, if Clinton is impeached and convicted, getting rid of Madeleine Albright, William Cohen, Robert Rubin, and all the other Jews Clinton has put in charge of our government and then announcing that from now on Israel will have to shift for itself, that we are lifting the embargo on Iraq and recalling our Navy ships from the area? It's just not conceivable.
A1 Gore would do exacdy what the media bosses tell him to do, just like he has done throughout his political career. So the only real question for us is: What course of events will result in the decent segment of the public understanding this soonest7 I think that seeing it with their own eyes — at least, seeing that A1 Gore jumps through the same hoops that Bill Clinton jumped through — will be as quick a way as any.
And I think it's good for the Clinton affair to have some very concrete results now, rather than later. Permitting him to wriggle out of the Monica problem like he's wriggled out of so many other problems will simply make die cynics more cynical — with is worth something — but it also will reinforce the atmosphere of unreality that pervades American politics. It will reinforce the feeling that everything is inevitable — everything has been arranged by the powerful, behind-the-scenes fixers — and that there's nothing decent people can do
to change things. Hauling a two-term President off to jail gives decent people everywhere hope that something can be done to fight evil and make a change for the better. It's the next best thing to assassinating a President.
Clinton's real crimes are not perjury, suborning of perjury, and obstruction of justice. In the sort of banana-republic atmosphere we have in Washington these days, we can almost forgive such things. Everybody does it, and Clinton was just unlucky enough to get caught. Clinton's real crimes, the crimes which cannot be forgiven and which should result in his being strung up outside the White House as. an example to others who would betray their race, is his collaboration with the Jews throughout his career. Clinton is the very epitome of the rotten, spoiled, whining, self-indulgent college boy who ran with the Jews in the 1960s. He dodged the draft, smoked dope, and assisted the Jews in turning American society upside down, without a thought for the consequences. Every Jewish slogan and cliche came easily to his lips, whether it was a chant for Ho Chi Minh to win in Vietnam or a demand for more Blacks on the campus or for more homosexuals on the faculty.
And since the 1960s he has been the epitome of the amoral politician, of the unprincipled opportunist, of the crooked lawyer anc| the sleazy operator — which would have been bad enough in itself had he remained in die land development business or in state politics in Litde Rock, but which was made incomparably worse by the fact that the Jews chose him to be one of their cats paws in their continuing destruction of America.
Since he came to Washington, Bill Clinton has been dieir obedient tool, their willing tool, their enthusiastic tool. He has promoted everything rotten, everything destructive, everything subversive — especially everything which is harmful to White Americans and everything which strengthens the hand of the Jews. We have never before had a President who pushed so hard for bringing homosexuals into every institution in our society, or a President who did as much to promote feminism. No President before Clinton ever appointed
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for February 1998
15
two Jews to the Supreme Court, giving them nearly ten times the representation on that body as they have in the general population. No President before Clinton has ever appointed even half as many Jews to his cabinet. No President before Clinton has appointed a foreign-policy and national-defense team which is entirely Jewish.
It is indeed ironic that it is his sexual relationship with a Jewess which has brought him down. And I suppose we might also see some irony in the fact that it is a conspiracy he made with a Black confidant, Vernon Jordan, which has helped bring him down. And in the fact that it is another Jew, Mickey Cantor, who has been the one to whom Clinton turned for help and advice as the noose tightened on his neck.
Clinton has been so accustomed to having the Jews cover for him and get him out of scrapes — especially the Jewish media bosses — that it must be quite a shock to him now to realize that they could abandon him. He was a useful tool while he lasted, but now that he has become an embarrassment, even to them — and it takes a lot to embarrass them — they may simply discard him and use another of their tools, such as A1 Gore.
The symbolism of Clinton's fall should be important for us. He symbolizes, more than any other public figure, everything that was rotten, decadent, weak, corrupt, and treasonous about the 1960s. It is fitting that his downfall be more traumatic and more disgraceful than that of any other public figure of this era. That is a symbol-
ism that we should cherish, even though the system of which Clinton was a part still waits to be pulled down.
There is one other symbolic aspect to what has happened to Clinton. It is clear that Clinton was one of the most useful tools the Jews have ever had. They really would prefer to continue using him, but he finally may have gotten himself into such a mess that even they cannot save him. That should be encouraging to every patriot, especially those who tend to overestimate the power of the Jews and to underestimate our ability to whip them and to free ourselves from their control.
I'll close with another observation that should be encouraging, and that is about the enormous number of jokes about Clinton which are now circulating. It is really phenomenal. And these jokes on the Internet are coming from people all over the spectrum. To me they indicate a little of the frustration which has been building up in tEe so-called “silent majority” during the Clinton regime. You've undoubtedly heard a few of these jokes by now, but I'll risk mentioning a few which to me express the general sentiments of the public.
Question: How did Bill and Hillary Clinton meet7
Answer: They were dating the same girl in high school.
Question: If Bill and Hillary jumped together off the Washington Monument, who'd land first?
Answer: Who cares?
Question: How can you tell when Bill Clinton is telling a lie just by looking at his face?
Answer: If his lips are moving, then he's lying.
And of course, a lot of the jokes are what might be called “Bill and Monica” jokes, but most of them really aren't suitable for repeating on a family program. My favorite, though, is Bill trying to wriggle out of the charge that he encouraged Monica to commit perjury. “I never told that girl to lie,” he says. “Actually what I told her was, “Lie down.”
I guess this sort of thing isn't very funny to the Clinton coalition. I guess the dregs of American society who combined to put Clinton into office are more chagrined than amused by what has happened. But the rest of us should have a good laugh, and then we should make up our minds to do whatever it takes to get rid of the system that allowed such a coalition of losers, perverts, and anti-American traitors to impose a piece of filth like William Jefferson Clinton on our society and on our country.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Bill and Monica,” aired on February 7, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech!
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe.
Enclose $40 for a one year (12 issue) subscription to Free Speech.
Name:
Address:
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
Mail To:
National Vanguard Books P.0. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year