IN THIS ISSUE OF SPEECH
FREE SPEECH • SEPTEMBER 1997 • VOLUME III, NO. IX
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
The Meaning of Affirmative Action
Dr. William Pierce
FS/ADV News
/v
The Psychology of Political Correctness
Dr. William Pierce
Who Are the Haters?
Dr. William Pierce
The New World Order
Dr. William Pierce
The Meaning of Affirmative Action
It has been interesting watching the television commentators and other minions of Political Correctness wring their hands and moan about the falling enrollment of Blacks in some of America's universities and professional schools recendy. Black undergraduate enrollment has fallen by one-half in some branches of the University of California. The number of Blacks in the law schools of the University of California and the University of Texas has fallen even more drastically. Until recendy these schools had been very proud of themselves for having a higher percentage of Blacks among their students than in the general population, and now they have lost nearly all of their Blacks. The media spokesmen and the Clintonistas are wailing about the loss of “diversity.1’
An Effect of Affirmative Action It boosts Blacks economically and socially, making intermarriage with Whites more likely.'
And they all know who is to blame for this dreadful turn of events: it is those hateful people who have forced the scutding of affirmative action programs in some areas. It is “White racism” which is keeping Blacks out of the schools.
The truth of the matter, of course, is that it was affirmative action programs which were keeping Blacks in the schools, and when those programs were ended the Black enrollment plummeted. What the diversity-mongers really are alarmed about is that what has happened where affirmative action programs have been dropped exposes their lie of racial “equality.” What we see in California and Texas now is that when the prop of affirmative action is taken away the artificial “equality” it had been supporting collapses. This is something
FREE SPEECH for September 1997

The media routinely portray Blacks as more creative, moral, and intelligent than Whites.
the media bosses and the Ciintonistas really don't want us to see, because it exposes the artificiality and die lack of viability of the multiracial society they have been trying to ram down our throats for so long.
We were told many years ago, when affirmative action programs first were imposed on us, that they were necessary to compensate for “White racism* — that Blacks were being kept out of universities and professional schools by “racist" officials, that Blacks were being denied employ-ment, promotions, and other opportunities by “racist" employers, and so on. We were told that we needed to end this so-called “racial discrimination" and extend a helping hand to Blacks, so that they would have an “equal opportunity" to become lawyers, doctors, and business executives. The tacit assumption was that Blacks are “equal" in ability to Whites, and that if they were given an equal chance they would succeed equally. We were fold that affirmative action programs would provide this equal opportunity.
Of course, equal opportunity was never the intention of the media bosses and the other promoter* of affirmative action. Their ami was to give Blacks more opportunity than Wlutes. Their airn was to ensure that Blacks would succeed equally, regardless of what had to be done, regard* less of how much extra opportunity
had to be given to them in order to achieve this.
There was very little if any “White racism” holding down Black enrollment in American universities even before the government began enforcing affirmative action programs. University officials already were very liberal and were happy to have more Blacks. They didn't get many Blacks because, in the first place, not many Blacks applied, and in the second place, most of those who did apply could not compete effectively with the White students. There is a very substantial average difference in IQ, in problem-solving ability, in intelligence, between Whites and Blacks, and it shows up very significantly on examinations and in success rates.
Affirmative action programs require school officials and employers to ignore these differences in ability between Whites and Blacks and to recruit Blacks at all costs. Affirmative action requires school officials to boost Blacks ahead of Whites, to give them economic rewards not available to Whites, to give Blacks preferential treatment in order to get them into school and to keep them in school.
Affirmative action requires employei•'i to behave similarly by offering Blacks more than they offer Wlutes, and by hiring and promoting Blacks who are less qualified than Whites. The government wants schools to graduate a certain percent-
age of Blacks, and it doesn't care how they achieve this result. The government wants employers to have certain percentages of Black employees and Black executives, regardless of how many Whites have to be trampled on in order to achieve this. And so for many years school administrators and business executives have been almost pulling Blacks out of trees and graduating them or putting them in the boardroom in order to keep the government happy.
There's been a great deal of deceit involved in these affirmative action programs from the beginning. The government and the media tell us that they don't involve quotas or racial preferences, when they clearly do. The government and the media tell us that affirmative action does not hurt Whites at all; it merely helps Blacks — it gives Blacks a little boost without taking anything away from Whites. That is simply a lie, although many Whites have been willing to swallow it rather than seem to be “racist.” The media have deliberately insinuated that any White person opposed to affirmative action is a “racist.”
Now a few White people in California and Texas have rebelled and have managed to get themselves out from under the yoke of affirmative action. In fact, a few Blacks have rebelled too, because they are unhappy about the resentment against them which is being caused by affirmative action. And the media and the government are screaming about how this very small rebellion is destroying “diversity,” about how this is taking us back to the bad, old days of segregation, and so on.
The thing for us to understand is that affirmative action is only one part of a much larger scheme which has been imposed on us. The aim of the media bosses and their hangers-on in the government is a multiracial society: a society in which Black teachers and Black professors teach White students; a society in which Black athletes become heroes and role models for young Whites; a society in which Black brain surgeons, Black rocket scientists, Black astronauts, Black Army generals, and Black political leaders are prominent; a society' in
which Black drill instructors lord it over White recruits; a society in which Blacks and Whites mix intimately and intermarry with each other at every social level.
The media bosses have been very successful at creating the illusion that we have such a society. The news, entertainment, and advertising we see on television are all designed — very carefully and skilfully designed — to support this illusion. The TV world is an artificial world. On television we see Blacks behaving like Whites, speaking like Whites, and showing themselves equal or superior to Whites in every way, including intelligence, creativity, industry, morality, civility, and sense of responsibility. The agencies on Madison Avenue wbAdh design advertisements for television carefully cultivate this illusion. Blacks are just like Whites, except for being a little darker — and perhaps a little smarter, a little more civilized, and a little better dressed. Black families are just like White families, except for being a little warmer and more loving and taking a little better care of their yards.
The scriptwriters in New York and Hollywood who give us our entertainment are engaged in exactly the same sort of deception. If there's a White male Southerner in a film, for example, the chances are about nine out of ten that he'll either be a despicable bigot or he'll be a credit to his race by standing up against the despicable White bigots all around him. If there's a Black in a major role in the film the chances are good that he'll be brighter, more resourceful, braver, and more moral than the Whites around him. The first commandment of casting in Hollywood is, “Thou shak not portray a person of color in a negative light0
The same racial slant is found in the treatment of the news. Any Whiteon-Black crime gets star billing and is repeated endlessly, while Black-on-White crime, even of the most atrocious sort, is ignored if the media bosses think they can get away with it and buned as soon as possible if they fed obliged to mention it The shoot* ing of a convicted Black drug dealer and his girlfriend by a boozed-up White soldier at Fort Br agg, North
FREE SPEECH for September 1997
Carolina, a little over a year ago was hyped and kept in the headlines for months in order to create the impression that murderous White racists were taking a terrible toll among innocent Blacks. I'm sure you've heard about it — many times. But just three months after the Fort Bragg shooting — in March of last year — a non-White sergeant at Camp Pendleton, the big Marine base in southern California, shot his White executive officer to death and tried to kill his White commanding officer while shouting anti-White gibberish, and hardly anyone outside the San Diego area heard of it, because the media bosses decided it wouldn't be good for their racial program to report it.
The unfortunate fact is that today the artificial world of television shapes most people's ideas and attitudes even more than the real world around them does. Nevertheless, the real world won't go away, and so reality has a nasty way of contradicting the fantasy world of television and deflating the multiracial pipe dream constructed by Hollywood's scriptwriters and Washington's spin doctors. The way to make the real world conform to the fantasy is affirmative action. If real-world Blacks aren't quite up to the standard of the television world, then have the government give them a boost with a little affirmative action. Make sure that White university students see plenty of Black students around them. Make sure that the Black students get grades at least as good as those of the White students. Then have an appropriate quota of Blacks in caps and gowns at graduation, even if it means trashing academic standards.
But now a few rebels in California and Texas have forced the schools in their states to deal honesdy with students for a change, and reality has reared its ugly head, spoiling the carefully constructed illusion of racial equality. As soon as the prop of affirmative action was removed, the illusion simply collapsed. Black enrollment plummeted. And now there is a real danger that Whites in California and Texas may realize that when Blacks must compete on an equal basis with Whites they lose consistently, except in those areas of
3
physical activity — basketball, boxing, ear-biting, sprinting, and jumping — to which they are especially suited. This is the reason that the Clintonis-tas are so desperate to keep the affirmative action props in place everywhere. This is why Mr. Clinton was so upset about the dropping of affirmative action at the University of California that he made a special trip to California in an effort to keep the illusion propped up.
I'll recapitulate what I've said so far, because it's quite important for us to understand what's happening and to keep it in mind. There are people who desperately want all of us to believe that everyone is bom with equal ability, regardless of race, color, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, etc., and that the only reason some people are less successful than others is because they aren't treated fairly: in other words, because of racism, sexism, homophobia, or whatever.
Some of the people who are desperate to have us believe this actually believe it themselves. They have watched so much television that they have fallen under its spell, and they feel guilty for being White. The only way they can escape their guilt is to strive for a world in which there is no inequality, and in which, therefore, no one can be guilty for being more successful, more intelligent, more civilized, or more beautiful than anyone else.
But the people who control television and who want us to believe in equality certainly do not believe in it themselves. They believe that they are a Chosen People, ordained by their tribal god to rule over all the nations of the earth. Their strategy for ruling is to destroy the sense of identity and nationhood of other nations by mixing them all together and convincing them that they are all the same. They use television and the other media they control to create the illusion of equality. They present us with an image of a world in which Blacks are at least as capable as Whites in all the arts of civilization and also at least as foresighted, self-disciplined, and moral as Whites, in fact, they generally overdo it, and present us with a fantasy world in which Blacks are
(p) 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks * Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/ysat
4
FREE SPEECH for Septem
ber 1997
The media are so eager to portray non-Whites in a favorable light that the results are sometimes rather absurd.
morally superior to Whites if not intellectually superior.
But because what they present us with is a fantasy and is contradicted by reality, they use their influence over the politicians to promote government programs, such as affirmative action, which obscure reality, which conceal it from White Americans. Since most Blacks simply are not capable of succeeding in a White society, the equality-mongers give them an artificial sort of success through affirmative action.
And when the affirmative action is suddenly taken away, reality reasserts itself, and the illusion of equality is shattered. The fakery is exposed. The phony world of successful, affluent, attractive, creative Blacks collapses. That's what has happened at the University of California and at the University of Texas law school. That's why Mr. Clinton is running around the country giving speeches in favor of more affirmative action, while the Hollywood and Madison Avenue jews crank out more fantasy.
The reason why all of this is so important, the reason why I'm so concerned about it, is not because affirmative action takes away from Whites and gives to Blacks. And it does do that, regardless of the lies of its promoters to the contrary. But if that's all it did I'd be in favor of it, because the resentment it generates among Whites will be very useful in bringing about the restoration of our society some day. But unfortunately that's not all affirmative action does. One of the other things it does is bring about a lowering of the average proficiency in the skills needed to sustain our civilization. The more that we force an artificial equalization of Blacks and Whites in our society, the closer we approach to the sort of skills and standards we can see in Tanzania, Zaire, or Rwanda. Actually, I guess that Zaire is no longer called Zaire, since the latest Black dictator and gen-eralissimofor-life took over a while back.
The advances in technology we have made in this century tend to
obscure the effects of this lowering of standards, because a few very bright people now can carry the problemsolving load for a much larger number of people than in the past, but the effects of affirmative action are still visible and still increasing. They are especially noticeable in such things as growing bureaucratic inefficiency and corruption. In some areas of the United States local government operates on the level of a banana republic. Washington, DC, with its exceptionally high degree of affirmative action, is an outstanding example.
Another effect of affirmative action — and in the long run it is the most catastrophic effect — is the social and economic equalizing of Blacks and Whites. In the past the lower success rate of Blacks tended to keep them socially and economically separated from Whites, even without any legal barriers between the races. This social and economic separation resulted in a relatively low rate of mis-cegenation, of sexual mixing between the races, A few Black athletes - 0,1
0 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40
FREE SPEECH for September 1997
5
Simpson, for example — became wealthy enough to acquire White wives, but the overall genetic mixing was relatively minor. By artificially boosting Blacks economically and socially, affirmative action has greatly increased the rate of miscegenation. It was planned that way from the beginning by the equality mongers.
This is why we must regard every advocate of affirmative action as an advocate of genocide against our people and why we must hold these advocates accountable for their actions.
FS/ADV News
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Meaning of Affirmative Action,” aired on July 26, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
Shortwave station WRNO has begun broadcasting on 15420 kHZ again. This should be the frequency at which the Saturday 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time broadcast of American Dissident Voices is now heard. However, WRNO still seems to use the 7395 kHz frequency occasionally, so if you are not picking up ADV at 15420 kHz, try 7395 kHz instead.
In the August 1997 Free Speech it was stated that the program “The New World Order” would not be run. This generated a number of requests that this broadcast be included in a future issue of Free Speech.
If you listen to American Dissident Voices on the radio or over the Internet, and would like to comment on
which programs you like or don't like and why, please write to:
National Vanguard Books Attn: Free Speech P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
The text of ADV broadcasts is now available by e-mail to those who sign up for our listserv. To sign up, send an e-mail message to:
ADVIist@ListServe.com
Use the word “subscribe” as the subject of the message. (Don’t type the quote marks.) Generally, the text of the program should be mailed no later than the Monday after the broadcast is aired.

The Psychology of Political Correctness
Today I'll discuss something I've discussed earlier, but it's very important and is worth talking about over and over: having the courage to speak up for what we believe. Courage of this sort — moral courage — has always been important, but now, with the enemies of our people pushing hard to silence opposition to them and their destructive policies by enacting new legislation against what they call “hate crime” and “hate speech,” moral courage is essential for our survival.
We have a President who is running around the country trying to drum up support for a repressive program of legislation he says is necessary to “pull America together” and achieve racial harmony. He is telling the groups to which he speaks that they don't have much longer to wait before there will be a non-White majority in America, and then the White racists — the “haters” — won't be able to cause any more trouble. Mr. Clinton is gloating that soon there will be a truly multiracial America: an America without a “dominant European culture/ He is gloating about this, and many of his audiences arc gloating with him and cheering
him when he says this. All we have to do now, he tells them, is keep the racists under control with new laws until we get rid of this “dominant European culture.” And many of the audiences cheering him when he says this are White students and faculty members at American universities.
It is the trendy, fashionable thing these days to be anti-White. It is fashionable to let everyone know how much you despise White people and European culture and how much you admire Africans, Indians, Jews, Orientals, and mestizos; how superior you believe their cultures to be; and how much you look forward to seeing them become a majority in the United States.
I remember witnessing the beginning of this fashion when I was a university student myself back in the 1950s and then a professor in the 1960s. What I noticed first, back in the 1950s, was the pressure to make the universities more “democratic” — that is, to admit a great many more students. The argument was that the universities were too “elitist,” that rich kids went to the prestigious private universities and thereby earned a ticket to an easy and prosperous life,
while working-class kids were denied these opportunities. This argument was pure baloney. I was a poor kid myself, but I had applied myself and won a scholarship to a prestigious private university, as had many of the other students at my university. That was Rice University, in Texas. There has not been a time, at least during the past 60 years, when a student with real scholastic ability was kept from getting a good university education in America by having no money.
The anti-elitists began prevailing by gready increasing the number of curricula. Subjects that were more appropriately taught in trade schools, or perhaps as high school electives, became the basis for new university curricula. We used to joke about offering courses in basket-weaving, golf, or fly-tying in order to accommodate students who had no aptitude for mathematics or history. All too soon these jokes became reality. And students who couldn't even pass a course in basket-weaving were brought in on athletic scholarships.
But this dumbing down of the universities wasn't the most important part of the destructive work carried on there. The key was our enemies' gain-
6
ing control of the socialisation process at the universities. This was even before television had become the dominant opinion-control medium that it is today. Teenagers arriving at a university are somewhat disoriented and unsure of themselves. They are on strange turf. A few have the self-confidence and inner strength to find their own way, but most don't. Most look to those around them for guidance. The Jews were the one coherent, seif-consdous group at most universities, both among the students and the faculty, and they began dominating the discussions. Always very verbal, very pushy and outspoken, they made themselves heard while others kept their opinions to themselves. With academic standards relaxed, students had more time to spend in socializing activities. By the 1960s these activities were firmly in the grip of the Jews and their leftist collaborators. Incoming students were subjected to incense social pressure to conform their ideas and opinions to those of the Jews and the leftists. Political Correctness became the prerequisite for social acceptance, and social acceptance was an overwhelming need for many students. They uld be made to spout any sort of msense or wickedness, even to lieve it, if that would lead to popu-larity.
I remember witnessing this phenomenon, but I didn't fully understand its significance at the time, so for the most part I kept my opinions to myself. 1 didn't have time for a lot of socialization anyway. I feel guilty about that now. I really should have spoken up much more loudly. I should have encouraged others to speak utp. I should have organized opposition to the Jews and the leftists. But 1 didn't. Mostly I just went about my own work. Of course, there were no American Dinident Voicet broadcasts for me to listen to and to help me understand what was happening and to encourage me to take a stand. You don't have that excuse.
The Jew* have been way ahead of the rest of us in understanding psy-dhology and the way it can be applied to control the thinking and the Ixrhav-ior of die people around diem. They used the same techniques of brain-
FREE SPEECH for September 1997
washing in the Soviet Union back in the 1920s and 1930s to control the non-Communist majority around them. They kept everyone immersed in discussion groups, in worker-education groups, in “sensitivity training” seminars, and the like, using a constant barrage of words, first to disorient people and then to bring them into conformity with what was Politically Correct. They had dissidents confessing to their own thought-crimes in group sessions, pledging to think only correct thoughts in the future, and begging to be punished for their past errors. The same mind-control techniques are used in cults today to control the minds of the cult members. People susceptible to this sort of socialization can be made to believe anything and do anything, even commit mass suicide, in order to receive and retain group approval.
It is in the universities where the Jews have used these socialization techniques to do the worst damage. They have White students enthusiastically promoting programs aimed at the extinction of the White race. When we remember the mass suicide of cult members at Jonestown a few years back or more recently the mass suicide of the Heaven's Gate cult members in California, we should not be surprised that Bill Clinton is cheered by groups of White university students when he tells them that the end of the “dominant European culture” in the United States is in sight
Jews, of course, are not the only ones able to use psychological techniques capable of controlling the minds of cult members or university students. What's needed is a group setting where these socialization techniques can be used, group leaders with verbal skills adequate to use the techniques effectively, and a group of people sufficiently lacking in self-confidence and sense of self-worth that they crave acceptance by the group more than anything else. Intelligence by itself is no protection against this sort of mind control. Even bright people are susceptible, so long as the need for group approval is strong enough. Women are more susceptible than men on the average, and the sort of wimpy, “sensitive” men we are seeing all too much of these days are
more susceptible than those with more normal glands, but even men who seem strong and assertive can W. brainwashed by the sort of socialize tion techniques used at American universities today.
I have in front of me a recent newspaper column by a journalist, Gwynne Dyer, which provides a splendid example of the sort of mindset which is formed by this socialization process. He is a true Clintonista, and he looks forward in his column with glee and eagerness to a future in which his own race will be extinct He exults over the soaring rate of mis-cegenation in America and the increasing influx of non-White immigrants. He is especially pleased by the fact that White women who have served in the armed forces, where they are subjected to a brainwashing program based on the same psychological principles used by the Jews at our universities and are exposed to a high concentration of Blacks in every facet of their daily lives, are seven times as likely to couple with a Black male as are women who have not had military service. His real hero, after Bill Clinton, is Tiger Woods, the hopelessly mixed, part Chinese, part Negro, part White, part Indian golfer. He thinks that it is just wonderful that someone can have such a mixed-up ancestry and still learn how to hit the little, white ball into the hole. If mischlings can win golf tournaments, he believes, why then obviously they can do everything else. He concludes his column with the gloating prediction: “It will take another generation or two, but the old racist games are over — and the future is light brown.”
It is too easy to dismiss this sort of anti-White raving as a “sickness." Certainly, Gwynne Dyer and all who think like him are spiritually sick, ideologically sick, but most of them were more or less normal, healthy people before going through the socialization process I have described. In most people the need to be accepted, the need to be part of the group, the need to be fashionable, is strong enough to overcome reason and instinct. If such people are social' jzed in a healthy way, if their attitudes an’ shaped by leaders who have
0 1997 • National Vanguanl lioolo » Ho* i it) • Hitlibow • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
Advertisements such as this are designed to convince people that a multiracial society — and multiracial individuals fashionable and interesting, but are also the irresistible wave of the future.
healthy racial and social attitudes themselves, they will develop a healthy spirituality, a healthy racial ideology. But when the socializing influences are Jewish, we end up with desperately sick people like Gwynne Dyer.
I began my comments today by saying that it is essential for our survival as a race that a great many of us have the moral courage to speak the truth, to stand up for what we believe in the face of the sort of sickness exemplified by Gwynne Dyer and Bill Clinton. The Jews have succeeded in subverting our universities, they have succeeded in converting them into factories for turning out moral basket cases like Gwynne Dyer, because we did not stand up to them back in the 1950s and 1960s: I and many others who knew better. I didn't really understand the full significance of
what was happening back then — but you don't have that excuse.
It is essential to speak out now because what the Jews are doing to our young people is by no means inevitable. It is by no means irresistible. It depends for its success on there being no effective opposition, no credible opposition. The situation is very much like that described by Hans Christian Anderson in his story about the emperor's new clothes. As long as no one had the courage to speak out, the hoax worked. But when one little boy said aloud, “Look, mama, the emperor is naked,” the bubble burst; the illusion was shattered; the hoax collapsed. The Jews are able to persuade people to believe tilings contrary to reason and instinct because they are able to create the illusion that everyone else in the socialization group already believes these
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro * WV
things. This illusion provides a strong pressure to conform. But when someone has the courage to stick a pin in their illusion, they lose this advantage.
I have another newspaper column on my desk. It is from the New Orleans Times-Picayune, which is part of the Jewish Newhouse chain, and it was written by a thoroughly socialized Clintonista, who was formerly an editorial writer for the paper. He now belongs to a group of socialized Christians in St. Petersburg, Florida, who have been meeting regularly tor the past two years to keep each other appropriately “sensitized" on racial issues. And they try to bring new members into their group and use socialization techniques on them to bring them into conformity with the party line.
24946 • $40/year
$1
if
t jji

FREE SPEECH for September 1997
They made the mistake of inviting a man to their group who has the habit of saying what he believes instead of what he thinks others want to hear. It really tore the group up. The columnist's aim in writing this particular column seems to have been to show that there's still a lot of * insensitivity" in the White population which needs to be cured. He
Suotes the dissident's comments at le meeting. The dissident, Tom, told the others that he didn't see why Whites needed to apologize to Blacks for anything. Whites didn't force Blacks into slavery, Tom said. Blacks were enslaved by their own kind in .Africa and then sold to White or Jewish slave dealers and brought to America, he told the group. And Blacks today ought to be grateful for that, Tom said. If their ancestors had not been brought to America, the present generation of Blacks would be in Africa today instead of in America, and their lives would be far worse.
Now, this is just the plain, unvarnished, historical truth, but it's a Politically Incorrect truth, and the others at the meeting couldn't deal with it.
They went through the familiar hooting and loud groaning routine, which is supposed to shame a dissident into changing his views. They rolled their eyes back and threw their hands up in exasperation. They ped in disbelief that anyone could old such bigoted views. But none of ese techniques worked on Tom. He just kept coming out with more truths. He told them, “I guess it must hurt some people to hear that, but it's the truth." Poor Tom: he just didn't understand that the truth is the last thing these people wanted to hear. What they wanted was more reinforcement for the falsehoods and perverse ideas which already had been imposed on them.
One Politically Correct White man at the meeting told Tom angrily, “I want to throw up! What you say makes me want to vomit.” Another member of the group, referring to Tom, remarked with hatred in his voice, “He hasn't learned anything!” A Politically Correct White woman stared bitterly at Tom and said, according to the columnist, “Why is it that we have to take this from him? Why should the people who are hurt always be the ones who answer with kindness? Why do we have to keep opening our hearts up to bigots?”
All of this hatred, this disapproval and pressure to conform directed at Tom made him uncomfortable, but he stood his ground. He refused to repent or to retract anything. The others couldn't cope with this unexpected behavior. The meeting broke up with some members wondering aloud whether the races could ever live together in peace.
It's hard to say what effect Tom's courage and honesty had on this group in the long run. Most of the members probably recovered from their shock and began admiring the emperor's new domes again. They already had been too thoroughly socialized, and Tom was the only dissident among 35 true believers. But Tom may very well have caused one or two waverers to rethink their positions. He may have caused a few of them to make contact with reality again. And if Tom had said what he believes to the whole group from the time the group was formed, he probably could have prevented the flight from reality to Political Correctness for many more of the members.
We have a similar situation at our universities today. Not everyone is equally weak and eager to parrot the party line. Many still have a bit of independence in them, a bit of respect for truth. All these waverers
need is to hear one little boy say “But, mama, the emperor has nrl clothes on.” All they need if one example of courage and honesty, and they will be able to resist the Jewish brainwashing. The lemmings, of course, the people with no internal sense of direction at all, the ones who must have group acceptance at any cost, will still follow the Jewish party line in many cases. But in many other cases the Jews will not be able to ere-ate the necessary illusion at all. They will not be able to make even the most impressionable and eager-to-con-form young people abandon reason and instinct and begin rooting for the annihilation of their own race.
And that, my friends, will be a real accomplishment. If you can, with a simple demonstration of courage and honesty, keep one other person from being socialized by the Jews - if you can open the eyes of one young White woman and keep her loyal to her own race, if you can keep one young White man in touch with racial reality — then your life will have been worthwhile. Your existence will have been justified.
And if you and enough others make a regular habit of standing up for the truth, of standing up for what is right, we will foil the Jews and the Clintonistas and guarantee a future for our people. We will assure that, contrary to what Gwynne Dyer would like, the color of the future will be White.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Psy* chology of Political Correctness,” aired on August 2, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).


Subscribe to Free Speech
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe!
Enclosed is $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech.
Mail to:
Name:
Address;
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 1 lillsboro, WV 24946

1& 1997 * National Vunguuul books * box 130 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 $4Q/yeai
FREE SPEECH for September 1997
9
>
Who Are the Haters?
My organization, the National Alliance, concerns itself with all things relevant to the welfare and progress of the European peoples, the White people of this earth. We are advocates for all things which could be beneficial to our people, and we are opponents of all the influences and tendencies and groups who are harmful or to our people. As a consequence of this we receive a certain amount of hate mail, and I find it interesting to read these hate letters and try to understand the psychology, the motivations, of the people who write them. 1 won't read any of these hate letters to you today, because they're all pretty nasty and tend to lean pretty heavily on the use of four-letter words. They also tend to be blindly and irrationally hateful and to be based less on what I actually have said or done than on some misrepresentation about me or the National Alliance which has appeared recendy in the controlled media.
In fact, there's a strong correlation between some sensational story appearing on television or in the New York Times or the Village Voice about the National Alliance being a so-called “hate group” and my novel The Turner Diaries being a “blueprint” for various acts of domestic terrorism on the one hand, and on the other hand the arrival of these hate letters at our office a few days thereafter. It is clear to me that these sensational stories in the controlled media, which all purport to be against hate — in fact, they daim to deplore the growth of hate in our society, to be alarmed about it, and to be seeking ways to ameliorate it — these stories denouncing hate have the effect of causing the arrival of hate letters at our office. There is a cause^md-effect relationship. And the more I've thought about it, the more I've become convinced that it was planned that way.
Which is to say, all of diesc media protests about the growth of hate in America are intended for the specific purpose of provoking hate, of inciting hate. If you collect these stories from the New York Times, Time,
Newsweek, or other Jewish publications and study them, you'll see a certain pattern. For example, they always use the word “hate” in writing about me or the National Alliance. Even a short story may use the word “hate” or “hater” or the phrase “hate group” a dozen or more times. It's clear that this isn't just a fluke, because it occurs so consistendy. What they're deliberately trying to do is create an association in the mind of the average reader or television viewer between any mention of me or my organization and the emotion of hatred. In fact, they not only want the listeners or viewers to reflexively think “hate” when they hear my name or the name of the National Alliance, they want them to feel hate. And it seems to work to a certain extent, judging from this correlation I mentioned between the
appearance of these stories and the arrival of hate mail at our office.
It's an irrational, Pavlovian sort of thing, because as I mentioned a minute ago, the National Alliance is not a hate group of any sort but instead is a group dedicated to the welfare and progress of our people. But clearly there are folks out there who feel threatened by any such effort: folks who regard any activity aimed at building a sense of racial solidarity and racial consciousness among Europeans as a threat to themselves. And foremost among these folks are those who control the mass media: those who own the New York Times, the Village Voice, Time, News' week, and the rest. They are a deceitful bunch. They don't come right out and say that they are opposed to White people regaining an under-
Whites who want a future for thair people are constantly called "haters" by the controlled media. However, the term could be more accurately applied to those who habitually use it. It is simply their way of demonizing their enemies The police in the background of this photo are there to keep the opponents of "hate" from physically attacking the pro-White meeting inside the building.
I
© 1997 • Nuiiunul Vuhhuut(1 Hooks • Hox 330 • Hillsbow • WV 24946 • $40/ycuT
10
standing of our roots and an appreciation for our own unique qualities in a rapidly darkening world and a sense of responsibility for the future of our people. They don't say this. Instead they attempt to generate negative associations in the minds of their mass audience. They attempt to use psychological trickery to keep our people confused and disorganized. They don't want us thinking clearly about what is in our own interest and what is not. They deliberately attempt to incite hatred against me and others who are concerned about the future of our people.
They've had a lot of experience at inciting hatred. If you're a person of German ancestry, you'll certainly understand this. For the past 60 years, ever since the late 1930s, the media bosses have been cranking out films — hundreds of them — designed to incite hatred against Germans: crude, heavy-handed films, full of distortions and outright lies, but still effective enough to profoundly affect public opinion and national policy.
You may be better able to understand this media bias if you compare the films they have made about Germans with the films they have made about Japanese. You know, it was Japan who attacked the United States in the Second World War, not Germany. The Germans wanted to avoid a conflict with America and even ignored the deliberate provocations of the Roosevelt government, such as American attacks on German ships. After we were in the war, the Germans treated American prisoners correctly, in contrast to the Japanese, who often behaved brutally toward American prisoners, starving and torturing them. But the films coming out of Hollywood don’t reflect this reality. For every anti-Japanese film there are a hundred anti-German films, in fact, Hollywood's tendency has been to generate sympathy toward the Japanese by reminding Americans at every opportunity about our internment of Japanese civilians in concentration camps in this country during the war. By way of contrast, die Germans are portrayed as sadistic automatons, clicking their heels and shouting uSieg Hail” as they massacre prisoners.
FREE SPEECH for September 1997
Think about this difference between the Hollywood portrayal of Japanese and Germans. You won't have to think very long to understand that the reason the media bosses want to incite hatred against the Germans but not against the Japanese is based on the fact that the Germans were in the business of freeing their own country of Jewish influence and of fighting against Jewish Communism everywhere in Europe, while the Japanese were blessed by not having a Jewish problem to deal with. The media bosses, in other words, couldn't care less about the fact that the Germans treated American prisoners of war correctly and the Japanese didn't; all they care about is the way their fellow Jews were treated. That ethnic self-centeredness of theirs shows up in almost all of their propaganda.
For the last few years their hate propaganda has been directed not just at Germans, but also at everyone who is not Politically Correct — especially those groups like the National Alliance whose stand on the Jewish issue or the race issue differs from their own. And they have added a new twist: using a pretended campaign against hate to incite hate.
You know, I didn't think much about hate myself until becoming the target of this Jewish hate campaign. And then I had to ask myself, am I really a hater? Certainly not in the way the people who send those hate
Dear %>%@#A&:
&%<# you you racist piece of !%©#.	&>%#
you for being a part of those %&A$ inbreeders. I hope you get AIDS and die.
I hope the Black Panthers catch you then hang you and set you on fire I You just use god to justify what &#%<$> you cousin <*$%A0'ers do.
Typical hate letter, received by the National Alliance in August.
letters are. But, yes, I suppose I do hate some people.
Whenever I look at what has happened to our cities and our schools during the past 30 or 40 years, I cannot suppress my feeling of hostility toward the Blacks, mestizos, and Asians who have made so much of our country an enemy-occupied wasteland. I feel a surge of anger every time I see a non-White face on television or in an advertisement. Thirty or 40 years ago, before all of the new civil-rights laws gave them a privileged status and when there were 25 or 30 million fewer of them in the country, I didn't feel this hostility. I figured that we could each stay in our own communities and we wouldn't get in each other's way. But now I want them out of our country, out of our living space. But even so, my hostility toward these non-Whites who are overrunning my world is not the nasty sort of hatred embellished with obscenity that I see expressed in the hate letters I receive.
When I see a hate letter I often feel a flash of anger at the hater who wrote it, but I cannot say that I really hate even these hate-letter writers. They are simply the people, most of them White, who are incited by the real hatemongers, the media bosses. My feeling toward these Jewish media bosses — and all of the clever, little Jewish propagandists who write news stories about so-called “hate groups’* in an attempt to make ordinary people hate me — is much closer to real hatred. Over the years they have done enormous damage to our people with their poisonous propaganda, and they aspire to do even more. One way or another we must stop them and make sure that they can never harm our people again.
But I reserve my most heartfelt hatred for the collaborators among my own people who make it possible for the Jews to do their damage: collaborators who consciously and delib-erately betray their own people, lie to their own people, in order to gain advantage for themselves — the politicians, generals, public officials, clergymen,	professors,	writers,
businessmen, and publicists who are not incited to hatred by the psychological tricks of the Jews, as are the
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks » Box 330 » Hillsboro • WV 24946 » $40/>w
FREE SPEECH for September 1997
suggestible fools who write hate letters, but who consciously and deliberately choose race treason, believing that they will gain a personal advantage from it. There is no fire in hell hot enough to punish these traitors, and there will be no place for them to hide when the day of retribution comes.
Yes, I hate traitors, I hate liars and deceivers, and I cannot say that I feel at all apologetic about the fact that I hate them. Hate may be an unpleasant sort of emotion, but it can serve a good purpose, and that is why Mother Nature gave us the capability to hate. It is one of the faculties which protects us from traitors and deceivers by ensuring that we will punish them, that we will weed them from our midst when we catch them, instead of forgiving them and giving them a chance to betray us again.
Nevertheless, I reject the label of “hater,” with which the real hatemon-gers have tried to brand me. I spend very litde of my time hating and a great deal of my time spreading understanding with the hope that it will benefit my people. One of the things I believe that we must understand, that we must always be aware of, is the motivation of the professional hatemongers, as well as the trickery with which they ply their trade.
Their trick of using the pretense of altruistically fighting hate in order to incite hate against their enemies is relatively new. They invented the terms “hate crime” and “hate speech” only a little over a decade ago — unless one wants to give the credit for that to George Orwell, who popularized the essentially identical concept of “thought crime” in 1948, with his futuristic novel 1984. In any case, they used their political influence to force the government and the various police agencies around the country to give official recognition to their invention, or Orwell's invention if you prefer, with the passage of the so-called “Hate Crimes Statistics Repotting Act” of 1990. Then almost overnight all of the mass media began using the terms. Now they've got the President of the United States running around the country giving speeches about stamping out “hate crime” and “hate
The State of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (MV) in Germany has a reputation for being White and conservative. The MV government wanted to dispel this terrible image. They therefore paid for the ad above.
The caption translates as “Blond, Blueeyed, Stupid.” The ad explains that the woman pictured is a native-born resident of the region and a student. It invites tourists to visit an area that is different from what they might think.
The hateful message of the ad is that the region may have previously been “blond, blue-eyed, and stupid" but African immigrants have changed all that for the better.
The ad has generated public protest in Germany. And neither German nor foreign tourists seem eager to encounter young mulattas with pierced eyebrows.
speech.” It's their way of demonizing their enemies, of making their enemies seem like irrational, dangerous, and hateful people: the sort of people that it's all right for decent folks to hate.
So the trick is new, but the hate they bear against humanity certainly isn't new. Two thousand years ago the great Roman historian Tacitus noted as the principal distinguishing characteristic of the Jews their hatred for every nation but their own. This hatred they bear against other peoples may serve a useful purpose for the Jews by helping them to remain apart and to retain their own identity while existing as a small but influential minority among much larger host populations, but it certainly isn't helpful to our people. They almost instinctively are hostile to every institution of ours which holds us together and gives us our strength and solidarity. Back during the Vietnam war they were at the forefront of the flag-burners, and they persuaded a whole generation of university students and other young Americans to despise patriotism. Today their deceptive hate campaign is still directed against patriots, whom they portray as terrorists or potential terrorists.
Consider the whole set of ideas and attitudes associated with Political Correctness. Political Correctness really has not been codified in any formal way, so that one can refer to some official proclamation in order to determine what is Politically Correct and what is not. Nevertheless, we all know. We absorb this knowledge from the mass media.
We know, for example, that the United Negro College Fund and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People are Politically Correct. No one flinches or protests at the mention of those very real organizations. But at the same time we all know that if anyone dared to attempt to organize a college fund reserved for White students, he would be met with howls of outrage from the guardians of Political Correctness. We know that any association tor the advancement of White interests will be branded immediately a “hate group” by the Jewish media and all ot the politicians who dance to their
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
11
tune, as the National Alliance is. In fact, any dub or other organization with an all-White membership is bound to be under suspidon of being I "hate group," although the same suspidon is never directed against an all-Jewish organization, an all-Chinese organization, or an organization all of whose members are American Indians.
We all know that to express revulsion for the practices of homosexuals is the height of Political Incorrectness and will get us branded as “haters* in an instant Even if we want to give our own children positive examples of heterosexual masculinity or heterosexual femininity in order to guide the development of their own attitudes toward sex, we had better do it quiedy if we don't want to be accused of “hate.” Likewise, any expression of support for the maintenance of traditional sex roles — any suggestion that armed combat is not a proper role for women, for example — is sure to bring one under suspidon as a “hater."
We all know that whenever White people, European people, are in conflict with non-Whites, whether
FREE SPEECH for September 1997
in South Africa or America or anywhere else on this increasingly overcrowded planet, it is Politically Correct to be on the non-White side. To be on the White side is to be a “hater.” If one expresses agreement with the French people who believe that the French government should cut off the immigration of Africans from the former French colonies in Africa, for example, one is a “hater.” If one agrees with the Germans who believe that there are too many Turkish “guest workers” in Germany, one is a “hater.” If one agrees with Englishmen that the Pakistanis in England should be sent back to Pakistan, one is a “hater.” And if we suggest that the American government should not let wetbacks continue to pour into the United States across the Rio Grande, we are “haters.” Indeed, only a “hater” would dare use the term “wetback” these days.
If we are sufficiendy sensitive to the message of the controlled media, we understand that any expression of concern for our people, any effort to safeguard the future of our people, any public support for our traditions
and our culture and our folkways is hateful. The unspoken message is that we will be hated if we are not Politically Correct. The message is that the sort of trendy fools who send me viciously obscene hate letters will be incited to hate anyone who does not toe the political line of the Jewish media.
It's a shame that it still has to be that way for a while yet. It's a shame that any of our people are incited to hate others of our people. But we have a big mess to clean up in America and elsewhere throughout the White world, and until the mess has been cleaned up there will be hatred.
At least, we can understand who is responsible for this hatred. We can understand who the real haters are.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Who Are the Haters?,” aired on August 16, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
The New World Order
We have discussed many topics in Free Speech. We have discussed social issues, moral issues, and politi-issues. We've talked about race, about nationalism, and about the Jewish control of die news and entertainment media. Now, I will discuss “the big picture." I'll talk in broad oudine about the salient developments of the past few years and die way in which they affect our people.
There's been much talk in various quarters recendy about the New World Order, Until seven or eight years ago the New World Order was a poorly kept secret. It was discussed in private by the people who considered themselves qualified to decide for all the rest us what sort of world we wanted to live in, but they didn't often let us in on their discussions. They were concerned that in our backwardness and ignorance we might not want to go along for the
ride if we learned what these elitists had planned for us.
Nowadays, however, with Bill Clinton in the White House and the general public dancing mindlessly to whatever tune is played by the mass media, they are much less concerned that the hoi polloi will be able to upset their applecart, and so the New World Order is discussed within earshot of us commoners as a matter of course. Despite this general familiarity with the term, however, there is very little real understanding on the part of most people of the concept of a New World Order — and there is even less understanding of the real motivations behind this concept and of their historical development. 1 will try to remedy this lack of understanding, at least in some small part, during the next few minutes. Let's look at die history of the New World Order concept first.
The idea of a world government certainly isn't new, of course. The Roman Empire achieved a world government to a large extent 2,000 years ago. And during the Middle Ages the Christian Church constituted a universal order of sorts, despite the schism between its western — or Roman — branch and its eastern — or Greek — branch.
In modern times the idea has appealed to several groups of people. In the first place there are the amoral, super-wealthy elements: cosmopolitan and raceless individuals who already wield a great deal of power through their wealth and like to flatter themselves with the thought that they deserve even more power over the lives of die rest of us. In many cases there's more than self-flattery involved: many of these men are involved in giant, multinational business enterprises, and they see more
0 1997 * National Vanguard ttookt • Box 330 • HiUibvru • WV 74940 • $40/Vu»
SPEECH for September 1997
13
profit for themselves in the conversion of the world into a sort of global plantation, with themselves in the role of owners and overseers, and the rest of us as their serfs.
The.se cosmopolitan big-business elements are the elements that most of the unsophisticated opponents of the New World Order think about. Often these unsophisticated opponents simply rail against “the international bankers” and attribute to them the dominant role in New World Order scheming. At least as important as these super-wealthy big-busi-ness elements, however — and vastly more numerous — are those who support the New World Order for reasons of ideology or fashion. The idea of a world government has had a trendy sort of appeal among leftist academics and clerics, as well as among a number of shallow intellectuals influenced by the former and Christians influenced by the latter. Bill and Hillary Clinton, as well as many of their friends and associates, are among the former: the New World Order has been fashionable among the crowd they have run with since high school, and these people are nothing if not fashion conscious. They are people who would rather be tom apart by wild horses than be caught with an unfashionable idea in their heads.
Many of the Christian supporters of the New World Order are tormented by feelings of White racial guilt or of misplaced compassion for the non-White hordes of the world. They see the New World Order as a way to “equalize” the world racially by redistributing the world's wealth and to punish the Whites by bringing them down to the level of the non-Whites.
Also among the ideological boosters of the New World Order are those who diaim to see greater security for everyone under a world government or who are simply attracted by the concept of a more orderly world under centralized control. Since the early part of this century groups such as the CJournal on Foreign Relations have been working behind the scenes on the political and the academic fronts to promote the idea of a New World Order. These people argue
Many multinational corporations see the New World Order as being extremely profitable. If one product can be marketed around the world with little regard to ethnic or cultural differences, business will be that much easier. In addition, Jewish companies such as Disney would like to corrupt non-White societies in the manner in which they have corrupted White societies.
that with weapons of mass destruction, such as nuclear bombs, on the loose, the only way for humanity to be safe is under a world government. Only through the establishment of a New World Order, they assert, can we hope to eliminate war and its associated evils. Yet these same intellectuals were hotter than anyone else to unleash the Second World War — the most destructive and murderous war ever inflicted on the world — and to develop and use nuclear weapons in that war. Their conspiring and their behind-the-scenes maneuvering succeeded in turning a regional conflict in eastern Europe, primarily between Germany and the Soviet Union, into a global campaign to destroy Germany and save the Soviet Union. Their great disappointment was that the war in Europe ended too soon for them to use nuclear weapons against Germany# I Respite their professed
abhorrence of war, they are all too ready to resort to it in order to prevent what they consider the wrong sort of New World Order, or even the wrong sort of New European Order.
And this brings us to a third element — and the most important element — among die proponents of die New World Order. This is the Jewish element. Anyone who reads the Old Testament with eyes not blinded by Christian piety cannot miss its central message: the Jews are a special people who are morally superior to the other peoples of the earth, *a chosen people j chosen by their tribal deity to inherit the earth and ail its riches and to be .served by non-Jews. Isaiah, for example, spells out this message clearly and explicitly. Orthodox religious Jews believe it literally. Even atheistic Jews believe it, in a sense, [hey believe that they are smarter,
<© 1997 * National Vanguard Booh * Box 110 • Hilltboro * WV 14946 * $40/>*ar
ill SPKFCH for September 1997
Ted Turner and United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan The most numerous supporters of the New World Order are those who support it because it is trendy and fashionable to do so. Ted’s gift of one billion dollars to the United Nations will cause him to be regarded with awe at Hollywood cocktail parties for years to come.
more resourceful, and better orga-nized than non-Jews and so deserve to exploit them and rule over them.
And, at least as far as being better organized, they certainly are correct. They have ten times as many organizations per capita to represent their interests as any other race or ethnic group. Some of these are striedy internal educational or cultural organizations, aimed at maintaining Jewish cohesiveness and the Jewish sense of identity. Others are aimed at exerting pressure or influence on the Gentile majorities around them. Some of these latter organizations, such as the Anti-Defamation league of B'nai B'rith, are quite powerful and have Gentile politicians dancing to their tune.
And in a collective sense die Jews may be justified in thinking that they are smarter. Which is to say that they have developed a collective strategy for survival and self-advancement which so far has been extraordinarily successful, (Central to this strategy is die maintenance of a sense of griev-
ance against the non-Jewish world, a sense that Jews not only must stick together, but that they are justified in using deceit and any other tactic in their dealings with the Gentiles, because the Gentiles are out to destroy them. Certainly no other race celebrates its alleged “persecutions” the way the Jews do theirs. In their annual Purim festival, for example, they still nurse a 2,500-year-old grievance against the ancient Persians.
More than anything else, however, it is the Jews' control of the news and entertainment media which gives them their immense power. For more than 50 years they have consistently used their media power to advance the schemes of the New World Order gang.
(dearly the Jews see a dominant role for themselves in a world government because of the power they already wield. Beyond this, with their highly leveraged situation — that is, their need to maintain their control over numerically much larger Gentile populations everywhere, increasing
centralization of governmental power is the only strategy which makes sense for them. They have a tiger by the tail, and they dare not let go. Their great fear is that a strong and genuinely patriotic leader may arise in some nation, another Adolf Hider, and he will succeed in breaking the Jewish control over his people and ending Jewish power in his nation. If that is permitted to happen in any major nation, it may spread quickly to other nations. That is why they pulled out all the stops to destroy Germany during the Second World War. And, if they were not already convinced, the Second World War redoubled their conviction that they must make every nation subordinate to a world government under their control.
What the Jews and the other New World Order schemers have in mind goes far, far beyond the United Nations Organization that they created at the end of the Second World War. The UN has been moderately successful at bullying small countries into line with the threat of so-called “peace keeping” forces, but it has no power over large nations. The Jews want a final end to the possibility of the resurgence of any nationalism — except their own, of course. They want to eliminate forever the possibility that the people of Russia, the United States, Germany, Britain, or any other country except Israel will act of their own will.
This total elimination of national sovereignty is in accord with the interests of the non-Jewish New World Order schemers as well. The whole idea of patriotism has been in bad odor with the leftist academics and their semi-intellectual hangers on for a long time. Patriotism is an alien concept to them. They are instinctively hostile to patriots. Bill Clinton, who demonstrated against his own country during the Vietnam war, provides an excellent example of this mind-set. And patriotism is contrary to the universalist ideas of the Christian clerics hacking the New World Order.
Finally, the international capitalists also are hostile to national sovereignty. They want a truly global plantation, with a global labor pool for them to exploit and a global mar*
1997 • National Vanguard Hook$ • Box i 30 • Hit It boro • WV 2494b • $40/ytut
FREE SPEECH for September 1997	^
ket tor them to milk. National boundaries and any tendencies toward protecting national interests just get in their way and cut into their profits.
So now we can begin to understand some of the things which have been happening to us during the past tew decades in terms of these goals of the New World Order schemers. For example, the refusal of the United States government to control our borders. We have millions of illegal aliens in the United States and hundreds of thousands more entering the country every year. Stopping the flow of illegal aliens across our borders and deporting the illegals already here would be a trivially easy thing for the United States government to do.
It would cost far less money than is spent each year in providing various social and medical services to illegal aliens now. Any military or police operations involved could be integrated with training programs and could provide valuable experience for military and police personnel. But the Federal government has consistendy refused to take any effective action to halt illegal immigration.
Federal officials have simply playacted in this regard, spending a tiny amount of money to beef up a border fence along the Mexican border in one area and leaving the border unguarded in another area. In response to public outrage by citizens in border areas who demand action by the government, a few dozen more Border Patrol agents will be hired or some other action will be taken to make it seem that the government wants to control the borders, but every action taken is deliberately ineffective — and I mean deliberately.
The truth of the matter is that the New World Order people ultimately aim to create a New World Population of serfs for their global plantation, a homogeneous population of coffee-colored serfs — a population of docile, predictable, and interchangeable serfs — and they definitely don't want any large reservoir of White people anywhere who might rebel.
So from the point of view of the New World Order planners, the more Mexicans, Haitians, and Vietnamese who pour into the United States, the better. But they are not ready yet to announce publicly that
their aim is to destroy the racial character of the U.S. population. So when the citizens squawk too loudly about illegal aliens, die government puts on a pretense of doing something about the problem. What they want to do is keep the illegals coming in while they continue to enforce their racial mixing and their anti-discrimination laws. Their aim is to homogenize the population and destroy its White character gradually, without provoking an uprising.
Or consider Bill Clinton's current campaign to have more legislation enacted against so-called “hate crimes.” This may score a few votes from Black, homosexual, and feminist voters for the Democrats, but the Democrats were getting all of those votes anyway. As I have explained before, Mr. Clinton's campaign to oudaw “hate” makes very little sense if it is taken at face value. It is understandable only in the context of a much larger campaign to scrap the Bill of Rights.
In fact, what we see when we look closely at the principal backers of the New World Order and at the people who have been loudest in their demands for curbs on First Amendment rights, in their demands for the elimination of all Second Amendment rights, and in their calls for governmental behavior contrary to the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments as well, all in the name of increasing public security — what we see is that these are the same people.
The people who want to outlaw what they call “hate speech,” the people who want to confiscate all private firearms, the people who believe that Political Correctness should take precedence over the right to due process and a speedy trial, to freedom from double jeopardy, from being compelled to testify against oneself, and from unlawful search and seizure — all these people are fervent promoters of the New World Order.
And all of the people who have been scheming for the New World Order understand that the one thing which could upset their applecart is a rebellion by White patriots, and they're determined to have the government tighten its grip on the people in order to prevent a rebellion from taking place.
I apologize for not having enough time to present more details, for not carefully documenting everything with plenty of evidence, but I've done that on other American Dissident Voices broadcasts.
What does all this mean for our future.7 It means that the government's assault on our freedom will not abate; instead it will become more intense, more vicious, more reckless. The government lawlessness that we saw at Ruby Ridge and at Waco will intensify. The government is irrevocably committed to repressing dissent, to stifling opposition, and to intimidating its critics.
The New World Order schemers are absolutely determined to have their way. They have been able to go a long way toward their goal by using subterfuge and deceit. But ultimately the transformation of a world of independent nations into the global plantation they are aiming at will involve changes so profound and so traumatic that subterfuge and deceit will not be enough to keep the serfs under control. They will need raw police power, applied KGB style. They want to begin developing that power now. They're a pretty bold and arrogant bunch of schemers, but they understand that according to the old way of looking at things — according to our way — they are traitors. They understand that if the general public ever gets a real inkling of what they are up to, if they ever lose their grip on the situation, they'll all end up hanging from lampposts. What they are planning is so monstrous, so evil, that the thought of being brought to account for it frightens them. They want to use every means at their disposal to make sure their plan succeeds.
And, my friends, we will resort to every means at our disposal to insure that their scheme does not succeed and that they do indeed end up hanging horn lampposts.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The New World Order," aired on July 5, 1997. A cassette recording ot this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12,95 (postage included).
CP 1997 » National Vanguard |	*	Box	330	g	Hillsboto	•	WV	24946	«	$40/}ear