FREE SPEECH • MAY 1995 • VOLUME I, NUMBER 5
Kevin Alfred Strom, Editor FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10; 100 for $50. Basic subscriptions are $40 per annum, including special offers and quantity discounts on tapes and printed materials from National Vanguard Books; Defenders of the First Amendment who donate $300 per year or more will also receive audio^ssettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication ormroadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles are edited and/or expanded for broadcast, and the editor alone is responsible for the final form in which articles appear.
Terror Breeds Terror:
Oklahoma City in Perspective
by Dr. William L. Pierce Chairman, National Alliance
WHEN THE FEDERAL building in Oklahoma City was blown up a few days ago, 1 was shocked. I didn’t know who had done the bombing, of course, but I had a very strong feeling that it was no coincidence that it came on rhe second anniversary of the Clinton massacre at Waco. I felt an intuition dose to certainty that the bombing had not been an attack by foreigners aimed at America but instead was an attack by Americans aimed specifically at Clinton and his kind.
1 listened to the expressions of pious outrage by Bill Clinton and Janet Reno and the other government gangsters on
television that evening, and I thought, “You hypocrites! What do you expect? You are the real terrorists. When a government engages in terrorism against its own citizens, it should not be surprised when some of those citizens strike back and engage in terrorism against the government. You are the ones responsible for this bombing, for the deaths of these children."
Terrorism is a nasty business. Most of its victims are innocent people. Some of the office workers who died in the f ederal Building in Oklahoma City may have been as much againsi the Clinton government as were those who set off the bomb. But terrorism is a form of warfare, and in war most of the victims
iTerror Breeds Terror.
j in 1
lllllhDii William L Pietce Mllilt ■ Kevin Alfred Strom |
HBliBl VBIHam i|||	;3|§
FACE OF A TERRORIST: Clinton pledges his allegiance to the most important part of his oonstituenoy. He has promised them fast action on their urgent goals: more restric-tions on gun ownership, and laws criminalizing “hate speech." The bombing gives Jews leverage to take away our rights.
National Vanjpiard, Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for May 1995
i 1	\
m	w
%
art nonopimhitmtik. Cffininly, none of us can condone the killing of children, hut in hict it is the Clinton government which has led the way in the killing of children. About as many children died in the \&hco massacre alone as in the Oklahoma City bombing. It really infuriates me to see creatures like Bill Clinton and Janet Reno shedding crocodile tears over slaughtered children. These two are using the bodies of the dead children as a shield for themselves. How many tears did they shed over the children they burned to death in Waco? The hatred one hears in their voices when they talk about the Oklahoma City bombers is not because children were killed; it is because they know that the bombing was aimed at them, at Bill Clinton and company.
Americans haven’t had a real war fought on their own soil for 130 years. We haven’t experienced any significant domestic terrorism since Bill Clinton and his pro-Viet Cong buddies were burning ROTC buildings and bombing draft offices back during the Vietnam war, and that was relatively tame stuff. 1 think things are about to change.
The U.S. government has been trashing other people’s countries for a long time now and getting away with it. The U.S. government has been sponsoring Israeli terrorism in the Middle East for nearly 50 years, financing and condoning the assassinations and bombings of Arabs by Jews year after year, with remarkable forbearance on the part of the Arabs. The bombing of the World Trade Center in New York by Muslims was a very small reprisal for all of that.
After the U.S. government smashed Iraq four years ago in order to make the Middle East safe for Greater Israel, Slaughtering thousands of Iraqi children m the process, there was much government talk about the danger of Iraqi terrorism, but nothing ever came of it. But now something new is about to happen, 1 believe- A growing number of Americans have such a hatred of the government in Washington that some of diem will commit desperate and foolish acts like die Oklahoma City bombing. A growing number will turn to terrorism as dietr only weapon against a terrorist government. And I suspect dial we il see some real terrorism—-plantied, organ-Iltd terrorism—before too long. 1 suspect that a growing number of exasperated, fed-up Americans will begin
Something in the Air: News About ADV
In Red Lion, Pennsylvania, the owner of shortwave radio station WINB, Mr. John Norris, has taken the station completely off the air indefinitely in the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing. Reportedly the “indefinite period of time” will be at least 30 days, during which repairs will be made to the station’s 1960-vintage 50,000-Watt transmitter.
His Christian-oriented AM, FM, and TV outlets remain on the air, although ADV was cancelled on his FM station, and a pro-White program by Pastor Pete Peters was pulled off the TV outlet. His shortwave station, which carried American Dissidents Voices as well as numerous other patriotic programs, had come under fire in articles written by a Jewish reporter in the local York Daily Record. Simultaneously,
Mr. Norris had been “contacted” by the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith. The last of these “discussions” with the ADL resulted in the almost unique shutdown move by Norris. It was especially unusual considering that WINB had almost all of its airtime sold.
Many have been made fearful by the current media inquisition against dissidents, but we firmly believe that policies which make Americans afraid to speak and associate freely are making no friends for Clinton and his masters.
jp
The only other U.S. shortwave station willing to carry ADV, WRNO in New Orleans, has apparently capitulated to pressure to suspend our program; at least temporarily. Threats had been made in Washington to investigate another shortwave station, WWCR, to determine if WWCR’s patriot programming was violating the FCC requirement that shortwave stations not broadcast exclusively to a U.S. audience. Although the charges were baseless, WWCR cancelled the main “offending” program, Intelligence Report by militia enthusiast Mark Koernke. These events were apparently enough to convince WRNO management that they might face FCC harassment.
❖
Christian radio station WCCD in the Cleveland, Ohio, metropolitan area (actually located in suburban Parnta) signed a contract with American Dtssi* deni Voices to begin broadcasting ADV in April, Alt bough they were fully informed II to the nature of the program and the issue* we discuss prior to signing the cou* tract, and although the station manager Cary lluy* # assured us that no pressure would induce him to break the contract, the station nevertheless broke the agree-
ment even before the scheduled airing of the first program. This program was our discussion of Dr. Robert Graham’s book The Fur ture of Man, the quite reasonable thesis of which is that intelligent people ought to be encouraged to .have more children, and that unintelligent people ought to be encouraged to have fewer. That this program, in which the word “race” was uttered perhaps three times, was enough to scare Mr. Hayes is a very sad commentary on the extent to which Politically Correct self-censorship prevails even in the so-called Religious
Right.
❖
We have instituted a new, more readable typeface for our feature articles with this issue of FREE SPEECH. We hope our readers like the change.
❖
44The Destruction of Joe McCarthy” by Scott Speidel, presented as a 3-part series on ADV and later issued as an article in National Vanguard magazine, has been reprinted with our permission by the Joseph R. McCarthy Educational Foundation in Appleton, Wisconsin. The article will be distributed in pamphlet form by the Foundation, and will be made available to attendees at their annual memorial for the martyred Senator.
❖
Station WYAM in northern Alabama, which simulcasts ADV with sister station WAJF-1490 every Wednesday at 9 a.m., has increased its power and changed its frequency from 860 to 890 kHz.
❖
Station KGOL-1180 in Houston has moved its airing of ADV to the much more desirable time of 6 p.m. Saturdays. In the late fall and winter, we may move to an earlier time so that we can remain on the air with the station's full 50,000-Watt pre-sunset facilities.
❖
Another 50,000-Watt station, WALE-990 in Providence, Rhode Island, is scheduled to begin broadcasting ADI'' on Monday, May 15th, at 10 a.m., aud weekly thereafter. WALE, which calls itself “Renegade Radio*' and broadcasts numerous controversial programs, covers large parts of Massachusetts and Connecticut.
■M
71
T

V
y
©1995 National Vanguard book* Bax 110 MMsbm WV 24946
I
'X
$
Free Speech for May 1995
CAUSE AND EFFECT? Above, the ruins of the Branch Davidian church community. Mount Carmel, after the raid ordered by Bill Clinton and Janet Reno on 19th April, 1993. Right, the Federal Building in Oklahoma City after the bombing of 19th April, 1995. Just before we went to press, Reno promoted the FBI agent responsible for the carnage above to the number two spot at the FBI, an act certain to outrage millions of Americans.
Wm


engaging in terrorism on a scale that the world has never seen before.
As 1 said a moment ago, my first suspicion was that the Oklahoma City bombing might have been done by persons sympathetic to the victims of the government’s Waco massacre. Things have readied the point in America, however, that this bombing could have been done by any of a very large number of angry, desperate people. The FBI has a list of potential terrorists that it checks whenever something like this happens, but in recent years that list has grown so large that it's become practically useless. This may come as a surprise to some citizens, but, believe me, there are many, many Americans who have come to consider the U.S. government their worst enemy. And among those Americans there are some who feel a sense of responsibility to do something about that enemy.
Let’s get specific. If you watch a lot of television, you’re easily misled into believing that the attitudes and sentiments you see on your screen are those of all Americans. They aren t. They are the attitudes and sentiments of those segments of the population which believe that things have never been better in America and that we have a wonderful government. Foremost among these are the media people themselves-*-*not just the Jewish media bosses, but all of those
who have their snouts in the media trough, including the commentators. And, of course, there are the politicians and the bureaucrats. And the homosexuals and the career women. And the minorities. The Clinton constituency. They just love all of the artificial equality and all of the special privileges which have been bestowed on them. They can’t imagine why anyone would want to go back to the bad, old days when this was a White country, and men were men, and women were women, and the freaks stayed in the closet, and everyone worked for his living.
Watching television you’d never know it, but there are some normal people with healthy instincts left in America. And not just heterosexual White males. There are still White women left in this country who believe that being a mother and a homemaker is not a fate worse than death: women who don’t want more laws requiring that they be hired as prison guards or furniture movers or making it a “hate crime” to hold a door open for them, but who do want a clean, healthy, White world for their children to grow up in.
Certainly, not all of these normal, healthy White men and women are potential terrorists. But a very substantial portion of them are intensely hostile to the government. That portion can only grow during the next few years. It’s not
just the Waco massacre or the bombing of Baghdad or this country’s criminal policy in the Middle East which makes so many Americans hate their government. It’s what the government has done to America.
It’s the government’s deliberate flooding of our country with non-Whites from the Third World, and the refusal to halt the massive illegal immigration across our border with Mexico and the Caribbean.
It’s the government's catering to the worst elements in the population, buying their votes with welfare programs paid for by our hard work.
It’s the government’s theft of our freedom—with ever more oppressive taxes, with ever more restrictive rules and regulations of one sort or another, with efforts to take away our right to protect ourselves and our families.
It’s the more and more obviously corrupt and degenerate politicians who are holding the highest offices in the government: crooks and liars of the sort typified by Bill Clinton.
It s the government's treasonous abdication of the responsibility entrusted to it, its shortsighted quest for votes, its willingness always to be led by the Jewish media rather than by a concern for the good of the country.
<DJ 995 National Vanguard Books Boot 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
I RM; SPEECH for May 1995
It'* thf jpnwrawfnt'ii Hflihpwtf turn-inn i%nv tn>m ihf people who built Amcru'i tod its cynical promotion of "multtcultumli»m," with the consequent ruin el out schools, the degradation of chit popular culture, and the conversion of our cities into crime-infested hell holes. The government and the controlled media are responsible for the spiritual poisoning of our young people: young Whites singing rap ditties and behaving like Blacks.
To yuppies in New York and Washington, none of these things may seem very important. For people who have never had an unfashionable thought in their heads, for people who turn to their television for all of their opinions and attitudes, it may be hard to understand why anyone would be upset about what the government has done to America. But, believe me, there are plenty of people who are very upset.
People used to complain about the government’s destructive policies, and they used to write their Congressmen and hope that what was happening was only a temporary aberration. But after decades of writing their Congressmen and watching things become worse and worse, they’re just plain mad as hell. The privileged classes I named a minute ago—the Jews and the politicians and the homosexuals and the minorities and the female executives—who believe that this is the best of all possible worlds, have no idea how angry, how furious, normal Americans are. And, as I said, they’re only going to get madder as time goes on. The ones who aren't mad are the ones who’ve simply become alienated. They have given up all hope for restoring any sort of sanity or decency to the country and are just looking out for themselves.
when people are pushed as far as they are willing to go, and when they believe trial they have nothing left to lose, then they will resort to terrorism. There will be more and more such people in the figure. Bven if they have no well thoughtout plan, even if they belong to no organization and have no real ideology, even if they only are striking out as angry, frustrated individuals, their numbers and their deeds will grow. Such disorganized terrorism, tnoiivaied by anger rather than by a plan, will never bring down the government. About all It can accomplish it the weakening of the sesfcoiifidetice of the government t sup-
porters and the encouragement of the government’s enemies. A long enough and intense enough period of terrorism can discourage many people from making long-term career plans and can lead to more of a short-term mind-set in the general population, a “let’s get through life one day at a time” outlook. But by itself it can’t really accomplish anything positive.
It’s really too bad that innocent people will die—especially innocent children. It’s too bad that people will be maimed and injured. It’s too bad that people will be made fearful. If people could act in a rational way, all of that could be avoided. But they never do. When a civilization is dying, when the soul of a people is being poisoned, all sorts of irrational behavior takes place. The government does bizarre and destructive things. Individual citizens do bizarre and destructive things. And bloodshed and suffering are inevitable. It will become worse. There is nothing the government can do to stop it—certainly not a government headed by the likes of Bill Clinton.
So what ought people like us to do: people who approve of neither government terrorism, such as the Waco massacre or the bombing of Baghdad, nor private terrorism, such as the Oklahoma City bombing? Should we just sit on our hands and watch the government terrorists and the private terrorists fight it out?
That, unfortunately, is what most of us have been doing until now. We’ve watched it all on television, but we haven’t done anything about it. I believe that it’s time for a few of us to begin shouldering a little responsibility for what’s going on in the world around us. After all, it’s our civilization they’re destroying.
Here’s what 1 believe that we can and should do. We should help the more perceptive members of the public to see terrorism in its context, rather than merely as a series of individual acts. Back during the Vietnam war, when Bill Clinton’s buddies were bombing ROTC buildings and draft board offices, and when they used a fertilizer bomb of the »ame sort used in Oklahoma City to blow up a research center at the University of Wisconsin, the context was clear. The terrorism was a protest against U.S. involvement in the war. The whole public understood that.
We need to help people that a good bit, if not all, of the private terrorism we’ll be seeing in the ftjtur» will be a protest against the govern, ment’s destruction of America. And most of the government terrorism will be an effort to frighten the government** critics into silence and inactivity. Mon* and more, the government will lash our at dissidents, at anyone who is nor P<> litically Correct. And the two sides will feed on each other: the more repressive and terroristic the government becomes, the more individuals there’ll be who’ll engage in terrorism to get back at the government. And the more individual terrorism there is against the government, the more terroristic the government will become in turn. And the rest of us will be caught between them.
More important than helping people understand the cause of private terrorism is helping them to understand the role of the government in terrorism. The problem is that when the government commits a terrorist act, it’s not called terrorism. It’s always called something else. That confuses people. I’ll bet that before the Oklahoma City bombing ninety per cent of the general public couldn’t have told you what happened in Waco, Texas, two years ago. And most of those who did remember the Waco massacre remembered it the way the controlled media described it: as a justified police raid on a group of dangerous extremists.
“Extremists”: that’s one of those buzz words the controlled media and the govern memt use when they want to prejudice the public against someone. The public needs to be told that the people killed at Waco were just members of a fundamentalist Christian church that didn’t like the government, but they were no threat to anybody. The government had no business interfering in their lives. The people who ordered the mid on the Branch Davidian church which killed nearly a hundred innocent people, mostly women and children, were Bill Clinton and Janet Reno. They did it simply because the Davidians were different. Their religion was odd. They weren’t part of the mainstream. They weren't fashionable.
And Bill Clinton and Janet Reno are si ill silting in their offices in Wishing* ton, condemning other terrorists, telling everyone that they won't tolerate tenor* ism. And as long as people like them an'
(Pi 995 Nmtonol Vanguard Books Box 310 Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for May 1995
5
allowed to hold pubic office and to get away "ith mass murder, we’ll have a growing problem ot terrorism to worry about. People need to understand that.
We’ll never have peace in America until the general public understands the government’s role in provoking and committing terrorism and is ready to call the government to account for it. I don’t know who set of f the bomb in Oklahoma city or exactly what their motive was, but I have a suspicion that if Bill Clinton and Janet Reno had been put on trial for murdering all those children in Waco two years ago, there wouldn’t have been an Oklahoma City bombing a week ago.
Violence breeds violence. 1 wish there were a way we could stop it, but I think that about all we can do now is understand it and try to help other people understand it too. The bond of trust between the U.S. government and its citizens has been broken, and it’s far too late to mend it. The rift between normal, healthy Americans and the Clinton constituency will continue to grow. Let’s try
to keep as many of those normal Americans as we can looking at the big picture and not letting themselves be confused by the controlled media.
The Clinton constituency, the privileged classes who support government terrorism against the rest of us, will be pushing hard for more government repression. They’ll be pushing for scrapping what’s left of the First Amendment and passing laws against any form of Politically Incorrect expression. They believe that if they can control what normal Americans read and hear and think, they can control what we do. Even before the Oklahoma City bombing, Jewish groups such as the Simon Wiesenthal Center and the Southern Poverty Law Center and the B’nai B’rith were lobbying for laws to keep Politically Incorrect ideas off the “information superhighway,’’ off the Internet. Now they’ll use each new incident of terrorism as an excuse for censorship, for repression, for controlling what people are permitted to say and hear and read and write. They’ll say, “If
there had been more laws against ‘extremists,’ against people who don’t like the government, against people who don’t think the way we tell them to think, this wouldn’t have happened.” They’ll try to stampede a timid, frightened, confused public into allowing the government to take away even more of their rights in return for the false promise of more security.
Our task is to halt that stampede by helping people understand who America’s real enemies are, by helping them understand the underlying causes of terrorism, and by encouraging them to stand together in a united front against government terrorism. We must begin laying the groundwork for an America in which there is no terrorism.
This article was based on the American Dissident Voices program of 29th April, 1995. A cassette recording of this program is available for $12 postpaid from National Vanguard Books.
Quotes Without Comment
introduced by Kevin Alfred Strom
r-pHERE IS ASTOUNDING informa-Jl tion available to the dedicated researcher in our libraries, at least those few that have not yet engaged in the politically correct frenzy of selling off or throwing away all books published before 1965. There is even valuable information available on the major news wire services, if one has access to them as we do here, or even hidden away on the back pages of an occasional major newspaper. The problem is that this information, even when its dissemination is vital to the survival of our nation, is not forcefully brought to the attention of our people because of the anti-American bias and control of our major news media. Today I will present to you, without comment, quotations from a wide variety of sources. Decide lor yourself their meaning and import in this age of increasing repression and thought control. Decide for yourself if the controlled media have deliberately misinformed you.
First, we have the following report, which was issued by the Associated Press, but its implications have not been emphasized by the controlled media:
World population is growing at the fastest pace ever and virtually all growth is in the Third World, according to a survey released Tuesday by a research group.
The annual survey by the Washington-based Population Reference Bureau, said, “We are at a point where, except for the United States, population growth is essentially a Third World phenomenon.”
The survey predicted world population will reach 5.5 billion by mid-1993, 40 percent of it in China and India. The bureau said population is growing each year by 90 million, roughly the population of Mexico.
Carl Haub, a demographer who worked on the study, said that world population will grow to 8.5 billion by the year 2025, “only if birth rates continue to come down as expected. If they don’t, growth will be even faster.”
Haub said that if it were not for the relatively high U.S. increase1, all growth in the world would be in poor areas.
Europe’s population is virtually stagnant with a growth rate of 0.2 percent a year. “This virtually guarantees population decline by the turn of the century,” Haub said. States of the
A LIFE MASK of Thomas Jefferson, made in 1825 when he was 82. If he were alive today, Jefferson would be considered a “dangerous right-wing extremist" by the likes of Bill Clinton, since he advocated racial separation and an armed citizenry. Quote him often!
TIms U.S. increase is largely due to immigration and growth among non-Whites. White Americans are failing to reproduce themselves.—£
©J 995 National Vanguard Books Bax 3 30 Hillsboro WV 24946

FREE SPEECH for May 1995
WHOSE DESCENDANTS SHALL INHERIT AMERICA? His?—his? —or ours? All merely political issues fade into insignificance when compared to this question.
former Soviet Union have been growing at 0.6 percent. But there was a wide gap between Russia and Ukraine, where population is declin-ibf, and the Muslim republics of central Asia, which are growing at more than 2 percent .
The world*s fastest growing area is the poorest: sub-SaharanAfrica with a population growth vase of 3 percent a year meaning that population will double in 20 years. Latin America is growing as 1.9 percent.
As ta is growing at a rate of 1.7 percent. But wahout China, whose strict and controversial birth control program is responsible for a sharp dsop in growth to 1.2 percent, Asia’s rate is 2.1 percent.
Next, we quote writer Peter Brimelow in die Miami Herald:
Just as New York City’s government can’t stop muggers but does a great job ticketing praing women on Park Avenue for failing to scoop up after their lapdogi, current U.S. immi-gmnon policy in effect enforces the law only agate ms those who obey it Annual legal immi' ***** w of some 950, 000—counting! 40,000refu-gaas and the 100,000 granted political asylum— is owraliiinud by the 2 to 3 million illegal entries into the country every year, which result m a net annual increase of perhaps 250,000 lispi aliens. (A cautious Mtinuts-Hpin, no ene saetly knows.)
American liberals, of course, are deter-msnedly, even devoutly, incurious about this subject. You quickly learn not to raise such matter* with dawn at all.
The rilttif* of American conservatives has a more complea cause. To a significant dsgrae, IPs due to sheer ignorance. In the early 1970a,
a battle-scarred Goldwater veteran brushed aside my news from the INS waiting rooms. I he U.S., he said, was far too big for immigration to have any but the most marginal effect.
When later I showed him a news report that the inflow from the former British West Indies had quintupled during the previous decade, he was astonished. (These numbers add up. By 1973, over 220,000 West Indians lived in the New York area alone. And It was just the beginning. The number of Jamaicans immigrat' ing to the U.S. between 1951 and 1980 amounted to more than a tenth of the island’s population. By 1990, almost another tenth of Jamaica had arrived in the U.S., the highest proportion from any country in the world.)
Very few people can absorb new realities after the age of 21, And conservative leaders now in their fifties spent their formative years in one of the greatest lulls in the history of American immigration—the result of restrictive quota legislation designed to favor Northern Europeans in the 1920s, followed by the Depression and World War 11. Amazingly, only about 500,000 legal immigrants entered dir U.S. in the whole of thr 1930s. (In those days, diere was virtually no illegal immigration.) And only about a million entered in the 1940s—including World War II refugees. By contrast, of course, the U.S. accepted over 1,5 million immigrants, counting only legal*, in the single year of 1990 alone.
'I he Great Immigration Lull was ended dramatically by die 1965 Immigration Act. Typical of so many Great Society reforms, It was passed amid much moralising rhetoric and promptly hid exactly the opposite of it# advertised affect.
U,9. immigration policy was not traits' formed witiiout debuts, i Here was a debate. It
just bore no relationship to what subiequrtidy happened. In particular, staunch defenders of the national-origins quota system, like (nt American Legion, allowed themselves to be persuaded that the new legislation really enacted a sort of world-wide quota, no longer skewed toward Northern Eu rope—a policy easily caricatured as “racist" in die era of the civil-rights movement—but still restricting over-all immigration Co the then-current level of around 300,000.
Today, it is astonishing to read the categorical assurances given by supporters of the 196? Immigration Act. "What the bill will not do,’ summarized Immigration Subcommittee chairman Senator Edward Kennedy: "First, our cities will not be flooded with a million immigrants annually. Under the proposed bill9 the present| level of immigration remains substantially thri same... Secondly, the ethnic mix will not be upset*.. Contrary to the charges in some quit* ters, [the bill] will not inundate AmeHci with immigrants from any one country or area, or thd most populated and deprived nations of Africa and Asia....*
Every one of these assurances has prow false.
Next wc hear the words of Sir Franca Gallon, from his Hereditary Talent anJ Character (1865):
Our human civilised stork is ht tnotj
weakly through cong<	rnital imperfect!	ion that tl
of any other species 1	of animals, whe	(her sdM
domestic, if the twe	nticth part of tl	he cost 1
pains were spent In	measures for t	he imp*
ment of the human	1 me that is s|	pent on
Improvement of the	breed of hoist	9 and cat
what a galaxy of gen	ius might we iv	nt crests
he n** intyf t i -isf</pe's	u	ttul	the	mine thing as p‘/jJulaMui* oj liuf<q*faus«M Population figures lor I * *1 r »■1 L
jHniMigrafitf im) riggii	1	he	population	uf	Whites	in	Eufoptf, as in Aiuerifli has been declining lur yrgiJ
untries iiui
©J995 Mmmd VsttgMfd Owki BiM HO Hithkvru WV 24946

l:Rn Speech for May 1995
7
Th e scientist Charles Darwin said in his book The Descent of Man (1871):
Wv now know, through the admirable labors of Mr. Oalton, that genius tends to be inherited.
Darwin’s colleague, Alfred Russell Wallace, stated in 1872:
In one of my latest conversations with Darwin, he expressed himself very gloomily on the future of humanity, on the ground that in our modem civilization natural selection had no play, and the fittest did not survive.
The great writer and author of Brave New World, Aldous Huxley, wrote in his Brave New World Revisited in 1958:
In this second half of the twentieth century we do nothing systematic about our breeding; but in our random and unregulated way we are not only overpopulating our planet, we are also, it would seem, making sure that these greater numbers shall be of biologically poorer quality..
From the pen of Dr. Alexander Graham Bell, best known for his invention of the telephone and his founding of the National Geographic Society, we read in his 1898 article in The Journal Of Hered-
itj:
At the present time considerable alarm has been expressed at the apparendy growing disin-
I dination of American women to bear children, and a cry has been raised against what people call race suicide.
From the New York Times of February 11, 1986, we read from an article entitled “Half of U.S. Couples Can’t Have Babies":
Nearly half of all [white3] couples of childbearing age in the United States are physically unable to have children, as Americans increasing choose sterilization to limit their new families, according to Government statistics.
Next, we quote from President Abraham Lincoln in one of the famous Lin-coln-Douglas debates:
I will say, then, that 1 am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and blade races—that I am not, nor ever have been in hvor of making voters or jurors of Negroes, norof qualifying them to hold office, nor to inter-marry with white people; and 1 will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and poltticalequal tty.
Next from his “Notes for Speeches,” September 1859, Collected Works, Vol 3, p. 399, we read the words of Abraham Lincoln:
ALEXANDER GRAHAM BELL
CHARLES LINDBERGH
Negro equality! Fudge! How long, in the government of a God great enough to make and maintain the Universe, shall there continue knaves to vend, and fools to gulp, so low a piece of demagoguism as this?
From Abraham Lincoln’s “Address on Colonization to a Deputation of Negroes” in Washington, D.C., on August 14, 1862 (Collected Works, Vol. V, p. 371) we read the following:
See our present condition—the country engaged in war!—our White men cutting one another’s throats... and then consider what we know to be truth.
But for your race among us there could not be war, although many men engaged on either side do not care for you one way or the other... It is better for us both, therefore, to be separated. ...
You and we are different races. We have between us a broader difference than exists
HENRY FORD
CHARLES DARWIN
between almost any other two races. Whether it is right or wrong I need not discuss, but this physical difference is a great disadvantage to us both, as I think your race suffer very greatly, many of them by living among us, while ours suffers from your presence. In a word, we suffer on each side. If this is admitted, it affords a reason at least why we should be separated.
Our next quote without comment is from Thomas Jefferson's autobiography, first published by his grandson, Thomas Jefferson Randolph in 1829 and again published by special Act ot Congress in 1853. I quote from page 51, dated January 6, 1821;
Nothing is more certainly written in the book of fate than that these people [the Blacks] are to be tree, nor is it less certain that the two
3 Figures for White couples may actually be higher, since Whites probably choose sterilization more often than non-Whites
©1995 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for May 1995
the same Jewish mental and physical fore* become a reality all over the world.
In the American Bulletin of May 15 1935, Rabbi Stephen S. Wise stated:
Some call it Marxism—4 call it Judaism.
From the book The Nineteenth Cerv tury and After, published in London in November 1923, page 695, author Henry Pearson tells us:
The Bolsheviki have employed every form of cruelty it is possible to devise, and gloat over the sufferings of their victims. The movement is run almost exclusively by Jews. Nearly every commissar is a jew, and nearly all of them speak English, most of them with an American accent.
Jewish author Dr. Lewis Harap, in the magazine Jewish Life for June 1951, page 20, reveals:
On May 29, 1950... in the Chicago Tribune ...three prominent American Jews, Felix Frank-f inter, Henry Morgenthau Jr., and Herbert H. Lehman ...were called the secret government of the I Jnited States and were linked with world
communism_____ I he article was written by Walter
I rohan, the lnbunr’s top Washington editor.
In an interview with a New York Times reporter on (Christmas day, 1921, flu* great industrialist and patriot Henry Ford stated as follows:
It was the Jews themselves who convinced me of rItr direct relationship between the inter* national Jew and war. In fact, they went out of their way to convince me. On the peace snip were two very prominent Jews. We had not been at sea 200 miles before they began telling me of the p< *wer of the Jewish race, of how they controlled the world through their control of gold, and thar the Jew and no one but the Jew could end the war. I was reluctant to believe it but they went into detail to convince me of the means by whic h the Jews controlled the war, how they had the money, how they had cornered all the basic materials needed to fight the war and all that, and they talked so long and so well that they convinced me. They said, and they believed, that the Jews starred the war, that they would continue ir as long as they wished, and that until the Jew stopped the war it could not be stopped. I was so disgusted I would have liked to turn the ship back.
Jewish international banker James Paul Warburg in a speech before the United States Senate on February 17, 1950, said:
We shall have World Government, whether or not we like it. The only question is whether World Government will be achieved by conquest or consent.
In a letter written in the last century to Karl Marx, reprinted in La Revue de Paris for June 1, 1928, Jewish writer Baruch Levy stated—and note carefully the phraseology employed:
The Jewish people as a whole will be its own messiah. It will attain world dominion by the dissolution of other races, by rhr abolition ot
REPRESENTING JEWS, NOT AMERICANS, United States Supreme Court Justice Louis D. Brandeis and Rabbi Stephen S. Wise depart for the Paris Peace Conference in 1919. Their goals: obtain special rights for Jews in post-WWI Europe, end begin moves toward establishing a Jewish state in Palestine. Promise of Palestine to the Jews had been obtained from Britain as payment for Jewish efforts to get the United States to enter the war. Both Brandeis's appointment to the Supreme Court and America's entry into the war had been procured largely through blackmail of then-President Woodrow Wilson by Jewish attorney Samuel Untermeyer, who possessed letters written by Wilson during an adulterous affair with a married woman some years earlier. (See documentation of this in our tape The Hidden Tyranny Revealed, #604, $9.95 plus postage and handling from National Vanguard Books.) Wise was a founder (along with Brandeis and Felix Frankfurter, a Franklin Roosevelt Supreme Court appointee) in 1918 of the American Jewish Congress, president of the World Jewish Congress (1936-1949), founder of the Federation of American Zionists (1898), was an active member of the Socialist Party, and a member of at least 30 different Communist front organizations. In 1938 he stated, "I am a Jew who is an American. I was a Jew before I was an American. I have been an American all my life, but I've been a Jaw for 4,000 years."
races, equally free, cannot live in the same government. Nature, habit, opinion have drawn indelible lines of distinction between them. It is still in our power to direct the process of emancipation and deportation, peaceably, and in such slow degree, as that the evil will wear off insensibly, and their place be ...filled up by free White laborers. If, on the contrary, it is left to force itself on, human nature must shudder at the prospect held up.
Our next item is from Black Nationalist leader Malcolm X, who said:
Give us some land of our own and let us go for ourselves!
And now this revealing quote from a leading operative of the New World Order and former director of the UN’s World Health Organization, Mr. Brock Chisholm, as printed in USA Magazine for August 12th, 1955:	H
What people everywhere must do is practice birth control and miscegenation in order to create one race in one world under one government.
Next we hear from Reverend George li. Simons, who as the Superintendent of the Methodist Lpiscopal Church m
Petrograd from 1907 to 1918 was an eyewitness to the Bolshevik Revolution. He testified before the United States Senate and his statement can be found in Volume 111 of United States Senate Document No. 62, 66th Congress, First Session:
Out of 388 members of the new Russian government, only 16 happened to be Russians. One was an American Black. All the rest, 371, were Jews. Of these 371 Jewish Bolshevik leaders, no less than 265 of them were from the Lower East Side of New York City.
From the Jewish World of February 9, 1883, we read:
The great ideal of Judaism is that the whole world shall be imbued with Jewish teachings, and that in a universal brotherhood of nations— a greater Judaism in fact—all the separate races and religions shall disappear.
In The American Hebrew of September 10, 1920, we read:
The Bolshevist revolution in Russia was the work of Jewish brains, of Jewish dissatisfaction, of Jewish planning, whose goal is to create a new order in the world. What was performed In so excellent a way m Russia ... shall also, through
<01995 National Vanguard Books Box 3 30 Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for May 1995
9
frontiers, the annihilation of monarchy, and by the establishment of a world republic in which the Jews will everywhere exercise the privilege of citizenship. In this New World Order the children of Israel will furnish all the leaders without encountering opposition.
On October 13th, 1939, the following statement was made by the great aviator and patriot Charles Lindbergh during a nationwide speech over the Mutual Broadcasting System, a part of his effort to prevent the horrible slaughter of World War 11:
Our bond with Europe is a bond of race, not of political ideology. It is the European race we must preserve: political progress will follow. Racial strength is vital—-politics a luxury. If the White race is ever seriously threatened, it may then be time for us to take our part in its protection: to fight side by side with English, French, and Germans—but not with one against the other for our mutual destruction. Let us not dissipate our
strength, or help Europe to dissipate hers in these wars of politics and possession.
With those words of Charles Lindbergh 1 bring to a close my collection of Quotes Without Comment.
Ladies and gentlemen, dear listeners, we have been lied to and distracted and misled and duped, many of us for our entire lives. The true history of our nation and the world has been witheld from us, and we and our children and grandchildren are being manipulated to accept a predatory and destructive world government, the so-called “New World Order” that Bill Clinton and George Bush are so fond of talking about.
The people behind the New World Order hate America. They hate every free nation, for free nations are an obstacle to world power. They are the ones who
are taking our children and filling their brains with lies in the public schools. They are the ones who are sponsoring the invasion of our nation by the impoverished masses of the Third World. They are the killers of an entire generation of our people in the womb. If we do not oppose them to the greatest extent that we are able, we shall have proved ourselves unfit to survive in the real world.
This article was based on the American Dissident Voices program of 12th March, 1994. A cassette recording of this program, paired with our other important broadcast entitled “America Awake!” is available as our item #563 for $9.95 plus $1.50 postage and handling.
Non-White Immigration: Death Sentence for America
by Dr. William L. Pierce . Chairman, National Alliance
Today we’ll take a look into
the future—a look into what the future will be like if we all remain spectators and simply let the present course of events continue.
And we’ll also look at what the future could be if we choose to become participants in the historical process instead of merely remaining spectators.
I will tailor these two visions of the future especially for those of us who live in North America—but in broad outline they will be recognizable by all of us, no matter what part of the White world we live in.
First, let’s look at the future we will have if we continue behaving just as we are now: if we continue watching TV, paying our taxes, and letting the politicians and the controlled media run the country.
Consider demographics, for example: the relative numbers of the different types of people in America. During the 50 years since the Second World War, America has been darkening, has been getting less and less White. Immigration from Europe was cut off after the war— except for jews, of course—and the floodgates from the non-White world were opened. Asians and mestizos have been pouring into the country, both legally and illegally
Most of these non-White races breed much faster than Whites do. The result has been a steady rise in the percentage of non-White minorities in America. If you live on a farm in Kansas or the Dakotas you may not have noticed the change. If you live in Florida or Califor-
nia or New York, however, you certainly have noticed it. In fact, most of our people who live in America’s larger cities have had their faces rubbed in it.
If things continue as they are going now, there is no chance at all that this situation will become better. Non-White
DR. WILLIAM PIERCE, a physicist by training, loft the academy 30 years ago to dedicate his life to his people. He is the founder and chairman of the National Alliance, the leading patriotic organization in the United States, and director of National Vanguard Books. He is seen here outside the Alliance's national office, in the beautiful Allegheny Mountains
©J 995 National Vanguard Books Box J30 Hillsboro WV 24946
10
Free Speech for May
immigrants will continue pouring into America, because no matter how bad things get here, conditions will be even worse where these immigrants came from. The government will not even try to halt the illegal part of this non-White flood, because the government doesn’t really want it halted. And the non-Whites already here will continue to haw more children than the Whites. At some time in the next century Whites will become a minority in North America. And the flood will continue.
And the television propaganda telling us that the flood of non-Whites really is a good thing will continue too. The politicians will continue to sing the praises of “diversity” and “multicultural-ism,” in tune with the television. We will be told that if we object to the flood we are “haters” and “racists.” Interracial sex will continue to be presented as fashionable by the media. And what was a White country 50 years ago will gradually become a Brown country.
Of course, even a hundred years from now there may be a few super-rich White families who will be able to keep their heads above the flood on their own private islands, with their private security forces, but for the rest of us there will be no White schools, no White neighborhoods, no White clubs or bars or restaurants. We will be submerged: that is, our grandchildren will be submerged. That’s the way it has been planned, and that is the way it will happen—not may happen, but will happen—if we don’t interfere: if we just keep watching TV, paying our taxes, and voting for the Democrats or the Republicans.
Right now 1 can almost hear the hoots and groans from a million or so Politically Correct idiots. “What difference does it make whether America is White or Brown?” they are saying. “What difference does it make what color our grandchildren are? Color is only skin deep. After all, we’re all the same; we're all equal .” Or, if they’re onto the very latest Politically Correct fad, they are saying, “There really is no such thing as race Scientists have proved that race is just an illusion created by racists to keep us aJI apart.”
Really, there is no fad too foolish or too perverse, no opinion too contrary to the fails, for these Politically Correct lemmings to adopt, once it hat been declared fashionable by the controlled
THE UNITED STATES-MEXICO BORDER: On one side, prosperity, technology, abundance, civilization. On the other tide, primitive squalor, poverty, a patched landscape. The most important reason for these differences is the relative genetic quality of the people who inhabit the respective sides of this border. If we do not do something soon to stop the flow of non White genetic material eoroee this line, Amerioa will face a frightening and hopeless Third World future of decay, misery, disease—and tyranny.
©i 995 National Vanguard Books Boa i JO Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for May 1995
11
media. Put certainly the lemmings will have their way—if the rest of us do nothing.
Or consider crime. The lemmings would have us believe that crime is the result of “oppression” and "injustice” by heterosexual White males, and that it will disappear as soon as we have a society where no one is "discriminated against” and where all of the officially favored minorities are given everything they want. 1 don’t think that even the lemmings really believe that, but that’s what the television has taught them to say, and so that’s what they say.
You and I, on the other hand, understand that as we have given the minorities more and more handouts, as we have given them every sort of advantage over ourselves—all sorts of affirmative action preferences in admissions to universities and professional schools, in the granting of financial aid, in hiring and promotions—crime has become worse and worse. Passing laws requiring us to favor them and prohibiting us from discriminating against them in any way has made their behavior steadily worse—not better.
it used to be that nearly all crimes committed by Blacks were against other Blacks. They knew that if they attacked a White person they would be severely punished, and besides, segregation kept them pretty much among themselves and didn’t give them many opportunities for mischief. Now we’ve taught them that they don’t have to fear us or respect us. The controlled media have persuaded them that we have oppressed and persecuted them and that whatever they do to us serves us right.
You know and I know that the crime situation can only become worse in the future, if for no other reason than that the number of Blacks and other minorities will continue growing. We have only to look to the continent of Africa in order to see our own future. Before Europeans came to Africa, the Blacks there were eating each other, literally, just like the other animals. We outlawed cannibalism among the Blacks, and for more than TOO yean we tried to teach them the ways of civilization.
Then after the Second World War, irt a spasm of lunatic egalitarianism, we turned our colonies in Africa over to the indigenous Blacks and left them to their own devices; no oppression, no persecution, every advantage for success.
And what happened? The Blacks reverted to their jungle behavior almost as soon as we had left. Even in South Africa, which until very recently was a civilized, White country, the jungle is reasserting itself. The financial capital, Johannesburg, which a couple of years ago was as safe and clean as any city in Europe, has become so crime-ridden since the handing over of the country to Black rule that its streets are now among the most dangerous in the world, with armed Black gangs prowling in search of prey by day as well as by night. It may be another 30 or 40 years before conditions in South Africa resemble those in Rwanda or Uganda, but that’s exactly where they’re headed.
And it may take more than 100 years for America to get there, but that’s where we’re headed too.
There is a fundamental law of Nature which also applies to the historical process. It is the law of entropy. It tells us that if we have a highly developed civilization in one part of the world and a jungle society in another part of the world, and we place those two societies in contact and let the inhabitants of the jungle society take a hand in the running of things, the civilization which used to be highly developed will soon take on the characteristics of the jungle society. Ordered societies become disordered, except where the genius for order remains in firm control. The tendency is always toward decay, toward dissolution, toward chaos and ruin—except in those rare instances where the vital spark is able to assert itself. When that spark is quenched or overwhelmed, decay inevitably sets in.
The vital spark I’m talking about, the genius for order, the spirit of progress which built our civilization, is European. Of course, Europeans aren’t the only race with a vital spark. Every people has its own variety of organizational genius. The Japanese have theirs, the Chinese have theirs, and so on. Actually, every form of life has a peculiar genius for organizing the non-living matter in its environment into living matter. That’s true of worms and viruses, of fish and horses. In each case, however, the genius takes a unique form, the spark burns with a different brightness. In Black Africa the spark of civilization always has been very, very dim. Among our people it has been very bright. Our government now, however, under the influence of the
controlled mass media, is pursuing policies which are guaranteed to extinguish our spark, policies which are guaranteed to bring our level of civilization down to that in Rwanda or Haiti—not next year, or even in the next decade, but eventually.
Haiti is a good example of the law of entropy. In the 18th century Haiti was the jewel among the European colonies in the New World. It was clean and green and prosperous. It was civilized. It had an efficient government, thriving industry and commerce, and law and order. It was a French island, a European island. Then came the egalitarian lunacy, the sheer democratic madness, of the French Revolution, which declared Black slaves and White masters equal. The consequence of this was that the French with foresight left Haiti, and the Blacks, having been persuaded that they were just as capable as Frenchmen, massacred the rest, hoping to have Haiti’s riches entirely for themselves. What happened instead, of course, was that Haiti’s civilization declined within a few years from the European level to the African level, and it has remained there ever since, despite the fact that the United States Marines went in and rebuilt Haiti’s entire physical infrastructure and reorganized its political system earlier in this century. As soon as the White Marines left, in 1934, the Black genius for crime, squalor, and disorder asserted itself again.
So that’s our future, if we just sit back and watch: more and more non-Whites, more and more crime and filth and disorder, and eventually, a century or two from now, another Haiti on the mainland.
But we don't have to just sit back and watch. We know how to avoid that dismal path of decay and ruin. We know how to solve every problem necessary to get us back onto the upward path again.
Consider illegal immigration, tor example, which is responsible for so much of the darkening of America. The government and the controlled media pre-tend that illegal immigration is an insoluble problem. They show us on television all the holes which Mexicans have cut in the border fence, they show us groups of Mexicans wading across the Rio Grande, they show us Mexicans climbing over the fence and running through the traffic in San Diego to evade our Border ftttrol, and they wring their
OJ995 National Vangiard Book* Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
12
hands and tell us that it’s just impossible to stop illegal immigration. The government says it’s assigning another 100 Bonier Patrol agents in one place and it’s building a stronger fence in another place, but then the Mexicans just come across some other part of the border. The government acts like it just doesn’t know what to do, that it’s just too big a problem, that it would take too much money to solve.
But really, that’s all just a game calculated to fool the American people. The government knows perfectly well how to stop illegal immigration, but it doesn’t want to stop it. The government just wants to make us believe that it’s trying its best. But, you know, any of you listeners who’ve had any military experience understand that illegal immigration can be stopped easily, quickly, and permanently. Even I, who’ve never been m the Army, can guarantee you that if 1 were in charge of the border between the United States and Mexico I could completely halt illegal immigration within 24 hours, and I could keep it completely halted with far less expense than that now required to operate our Border Patrol. All I would do is authorize Border Patrol agents to shoot anyone attempting to cross the border illegally. Two or three shootings in the first night, in each sector of the border where crossings are frequent, and the word would be out: “Don’t try to cross the border, unless you want to die.”After that, I would spend a couple of months erecting a simple fence from San Diego, California, to Brownsville, Texas. I’d erect it in two rows 100 feet apart, with mines and electronic sensors planted between the rows. I’d have jeep patrols along our side of the fence, patrolling at unpredictable times, but with never more than an hour between patrols, and I’d have helicopters patrolling above. I’d do it all with a permanent Border Patrol force along the Mexican border of 5,000 men, and no illegal immigrants would get through. Wont.
The lemmings, of course, would be screaming that 1 am bloodthirsty, that I am a murderer, and so on, hut really, fewer M extra ns would have to be shot trying to come across the border that first night than law-abiding Americans are now being murdered each year by illegal-alien criminals m California and Iexas<
1 guess we all tend to be a hit selective in our sympathies. I have sympathy for
Free SPEECH for May 1995
my own people, for the victims of Mexican criminals, and the lemmings have sympathy for the criminals. They’re Politically Correct, and I’m Politically Incorrect. But I would stop illegal immigration, painlessly and cleanly, and they prefer to believe that it can’t be done.
The problem of the illegal aliens already in America also can be solved. So can the race problem. These problems are more difficult and will require a much larger effort than the problem of illegal immigration, but the cost of solving them now is infinitesimal compared to the long-term cost of failing to solve them. All we need to solve these problems is the will to survive as a people, the will to build the basis for a progressive future for our kind, the will to avoid ending up like Haiti or Rwanda a couple of centuries hence.
Of course, we all know that one thing couch potatoes don’t have is will. People who’ve been raised on television, who’ve grown up with a spectator’s attitude toward the world around them, certainly aren’t going to stir themselves just to ensure a future for their grandchildren. Instead, they’re just going to reach for the potato chips and keep on watching. Spectators don’t count.
The people who do count are in two relatively small groups. In one group are you and I and the others who care enough about the future of our people to do something about it: in fact, to do whatever it takes.
In the other group are the people who control the mass media, plus their collaborators in the government, in the mainstream churches, in the universities, in finance and industry, and in the other institutions of our society.
You know who controls the mass media. Many of you also know why they don’t want the problem of illegal immigration and the other problems threatening our future to he solved. They are Jews, and throughout their whole history they have lived by two principles: first, always lie loyal to your fellow Jews; and second, always remember that anyone who is not a Jew is your enemy; never foiget and never forgive.
1 heir collaborators in the government and other institutions are individuals who have no sense of loyalty to our people and who have i vested interest m following ihe lead of the Jews Some of
them are office holders who understand that they hold their offices at the pleasure of those who control the mass media, those who control public opinion, those who control votes. Most of these collaborators have no sense of responsibility to anyone but themselves.
Typical of these is a man who is a friend of an acquaintance of mine; he is an assistant district attorney in New York City, a man who understands what's going on but who doesn’t really care. When challenged to take a stand for his own people, he said: “Look. Everyone around here knows that the Jews are running the government. It’s too bad, but there’s nothing we can do about it. I’ve got to look out for myself. I have a career and a family to think about. If 1 want to get ahead, I have to collaborate.”
Unfortunately, there are many, many others among our people who have no more sense of personal honor or responsibility than this New York City assistant prosecutor. It is a great shame for us. We really need to purge ourselves of this shame some day.
Meanwhile, we can take some comfort in the knowledge that such people, who have no loyalty to anyone but themselves, are always ready to switch sides as soon as they see the tide turning.
The tide is not yet turning—at least, not enough for people like that assistant district attorney in New York to notice. The swarm of Brown immigrants from Mexico is still growing from week to week, and our government is still making only the most transparent pretense of trying to stop them. The couch potatoes are as passive as ever, and the Politically Correct lemmings are as idiotic as ever.
Changes are beginning to take place, however.
Our weekly radio programs are reaching more and more people. People who hear us telling the truth are emboldened to tell the truth themselves.
The ripples of truth are spreading Soon those ripples will become waves. And one day the storm will break loose over this land.
1 his article was bused on the American Dissident Voice« program of 22d April* i 1995* A cassette recording ot this program is available tor $1 i postpaid from National j Vanguard Books
Ol ff$ Natmal Vatupmul fiyJo J JO HiMym WV 24946
Free Speech for May 1995
13
Evil in High Places
by Kevin Alfred Strom
'T'HERE IS EVIL IN HIGH PLACES A in America today. There is an evil which has taken our grief over the dead in Oklahoma City and is using it cynically to advance its political agenda. There is an evil which has gradually stripped us of many rights won for us by the blood of our fathers, and which is now using our grief over the innocent dead to manipulate us into giving up those two final strongholds of American freedom, the First and Second Amendments to our Constitution.
This evil is ensconced in the highest offices of our land, and in the media which bring us our picture of the world around us. These two positions in our society ought to be sacred trusts, held only by loyal Americans dedicated to the principles of our founding fathers.
We need honorable Americans, loyal only to our people and to our Constitution, to fill the offices of President and Attorney General.
But that we do not have. We need loyal and honorable Americans to hold the positions of trust in our media of information, for how else are we to truly know what is happening to our nation.7 How can we be wisely self-governing if we are not given the truth.7 Those who are the controlling force in our nation’s major media are not honorable, they are not Americans, and they have an agenda which for all practical pun poses makes them the declared enemies of the American people.
n iere is evil in high places, ladies and gentlemen, because there has been a revolution in this country and the American people lost. It was a revolution in which the old forms of the American government were retained, but the substance was replaced. You have probably never been told about this revolution. A telling mark of its arrival, though, is the fact that we must now celebrate one of its heroes1 birthdays as a national holiday, while the heroes of the Old America, like Washington and Columbus* are reviled or qutelly forgotten
The writer Caret Garrett said*
There are those who still think they are holding the pass against a revolution that may be coming up the road. But they are gazing in the wrong direction. The revolution is behind them. It went by in the Night of Depression, singing songs to freedom.
There are those who have never ceased to say very earnestly, “Something is going to happen to the American form of government if we don’t watch out.” ...They had forgotten their Aristotle. More than 2,000 years ago he wrote of what can happen within the form, when “one thing takes the place of another, so that the ancient laws will remain, while the power will be in the hands of those who have brought about revolution in the state.”
In the 1960s, Jewish leftists like Jerry
AN UNCTUOUS LIAR and unprincipled scoundrel, Bill Clinton epitomizes the title of this article. He and his handlers are cynically using the death of innocent children to take away our freedoms.
Rubi n and Abbie Hoffman encouraged the storming, occupation, and even bombing of campuses and government facilities by student radicals. These Jews were leaders of what came to be called the “counterculture,” a revolutionary communist beachhead among American youth. They enlisted impressionable students—Bill Clinton among them——in their program. They depraved our young people with drugs, and illicit and interracial sex; they propagandized them into believing that White America was the
cause of every social problem. After a few years of this propaganda, young White Americans could be heard applauding enthusiastically when Jewish Marxist Susan Sontag described the White race as a “cancer” on the earth.
They encouraged the use of the disparaging term “pig” to describe police officers, with the phrase “Off the pigs!” becoming a rallying cry among the more radical elements of this engineered “youth rebellion.” You know what “Off the pigs” means—it was a call to kill the police, for no other reason than because they were the police. The impressionable students didn’t know it, but their “revolution” was planned by an element of the establishment they thought they hated. Their rebellion was part of a larger revolution which was being consummated in American life: the takeover of America by aliens and the traitors who served those aliens.
This alien takeover of America was engineered and executed by the same forces who had slain the Czar and the Russian royal family, and brought the scourge of Communism to Europe. In Russia, they murdered the nobles, independent farmers and businessmen, and the intellectual elite and established an openly revolutionary regime. All persons of proven superiority had to be liquidated there because they could have formed an effective resistance to the new Jewish tyranny. In America, their techniques were different, because the situation was different. In America, they found that these elite classes could be bought or fooled so easily that it was really unnecessary to kill them. They found a ruling class so utterly bereft of a living culture and tradition that literally millions of its sons could be recruited to the Jewish revolutionists’ cause by the most transparent of sophistries. They found a nation so fatally gullible that it was willing to send its sons to be slaughtered in a war the stated purpose of which was “to end war.” As the late Professor Revilo Oliver has said, they were very much like bank robbers who arrive at the bank to find the guard
©J 99i National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
H
Free Speech for May 1995
THE LATE AND UNLAMENTED JERRY RUBIN, prominent "youth revolution" agitator. Right; excerpts from his 1970 bestseller Do ftf: Scenarios of the Revolution.
9
asleep, the vault left open, and the bank president more than willing to help them for a percentage of the loot. Of course a number of lies have to be told to soothe the concerns of the depositors, and a few who won’t shut up might have to be smeared or jailed, but really, that is about all. In the early years, many of the con' spirators openly called themselves Com' munists, but when that label became a liability they dropped it, some dubbing themselves “conservative” or “liberal” or “progressive” virtually overnight. The revolutionists’ willing instruments were Wilson, the second Roosevelt, Ei$en-bower, and, willing or unwilling, every other president since 1933. In the 1960s this revolution was nor yet complete. The police still embodied, to some extent, the “old order,” traditional American values, resistance to at least some of the revolutionists’ demands. So they were demon* tzed as “pigs.” “Pigs” that had to be “offed.*
How different is the situation today. The Jewish revolution is now complete. It is now impossible to be elected presi* dent, or even to hold any office of real importance, if you are ( ritual of Jews or other minorities.
Hie Jewish revolution is now complete Millions of American* hide their true opinion# of the multicultural pro* gram to make America a Third World
Wtoti i»i doubt, bum. Firs is ths nvolutfamary’s god. Pit* la Instant theater. No words can match Are.
Politician* only notion poverty when the ghettos bum. The burning of the first draft card caused earth tram-on under (hi Pentagon.
Bum the flag. Bum churches.
Bum* bum, bum.
Walter Cronkita ie 8DS’b beat organiser. Uncle Walter brings out the map of the U. 8. with circles around the campuses that blew up today. The battle reports.
■vary kid out there ia thinking, “Wowl I wanna see my campus on that map!”
Television proves the domino theory: one campus (alls and they all tall.__________________________________________
Bldridge Cleaver had been sentenced to Jail at birth by White Amerika. His first prison sentence was for possession of what he calls a "bag full of love" (marijuana), but has crime was his black akin.
Now ha sat in jail and read about the children of hit whits jailers spitting in the face of their arrogant fathers! The oppressors’ children joining the oppressed!
Five years later, Eldridge Cleaver became candidate of the Peace and Freedom Party for President of the United States.
Eldridge’s vision was coming true: young whites rejecting white society. "White” was a state of mind. Hippies were seeking a new identity.
Young whites were blowing middle-class Amerika out of their minds and bodies with drugs, sex, music, freedom, living on the streets. They were filling the jails. They were
nation, believing that criticizing it might cost them their jobs or their lives.
The Jewish revolution is now com-plete. No corporation, large or small, dares to question the policy of preferential treatment for non-Whites and perverts. They know that the media and the government would destroy them if they refuse to “cooperate.” No matter what they privately believe, the corporate officers utter with disingenuous unction and predictable regularity the shibboleths about “diversity in the workplace,” “progress toward hiring more minorities,” “no discrimination based on sexual preference,” etc. The road to favorable treatment by the media and the IRS is paved with corporate contributions to the Rainbow Coalition, the “Gay Games,” and worse.
The Jewish revolution is now complete. The gutter radicals and their allies now dominate and largely run the universities they once were bombing.
The Jewish revolution is now complete. The Red Guards at the Department of Housing and Urban Development want the power to jail those who oppose the construction of Black housing projects or AIDS hospices in their neighborhoods.
The Jewish revolution is now complete. A tax and economic system is in place which, while keeping the middle
Anfi I planned to conclude: "Thaw I* u fntenuttmd commie conspiracy and It's tour-filths ot tha wortA tad W» •0 against you, you dumb motherfucker* You thnuU u paranoid.
"I just took LSD, mescaline, 8TP, THC and nut-Juana and I’m flying high. I'm fucking stoned. And If jtVn never been atoned, you'll never understand what I’m US ing you.
"You old motherfuckers ere pissed off because wfm stealing your children. There’s even a Communist am* •piracy in your own sperm."
Juet as I was getting ready to testify, Ichord etrahd the hearings for two months.
e a e
In two months I had my same old politics1 problem ' What to wear to Congress?
It was Christmas!
SANTA CLAUS!
Santa ia a Red. He represents the Red Peril
And he’s got a beard, therefore he’s a hippie. I’d be a red-bearded Santa Claus because I got a red beard.
And what does Santa smoke in that pipe? Grass!
Santa gives everything away free. He’s a commie. Santa ia a stoned commie.
Santa laughs a lot. At the hearing I’d gat up and laugh, "Ho, Ho, Ho Chi Minh, the Viet Kong are gonna win; Ho, Ho, Ho Chi Minh. Ho, Ho, Ho.”
Every high school and college in the country wifi dm with note and sabotage and cops will circle the campus*, standing shoulder to shoulder. The schools belong to the Pig®.
Millions of young people will surge into the streets of every city, dancing, singing, smoking pot, fucking in tbs streets, tripping, burning draft cards, stopping trifle
The Pentagon will send troops to fight spreading guerrilla wan in Laos, Thailand, Indonesia, India, ths Congo, Bolivia, South Africa, Brazil, France.
High government officials will deflect to the yippiaa.
The State Department will discover its highest maks infested with the yippie aympa. Black oops will join the black-and-white liberation army in the streets.
High echool students will seize radio, TV end newspaper offices across the land.
Police stations will blow up.
Revolutionaries will break into jails and free all tbs prisoners.
Clerical workers will ax their computers and put chawing gum into the machines.
Army platoons and the National Guard will desert to i the revolution, bringing their guns with them.
Workers will seise their factorise and begin running them communally, without, profit.
Shorthaira will become longhair* overnight
Yippie helicopter pilots will bomb police positions with LSD-gas.
The Pentagon will strafe yippie bases, and well shoot the planes out of the sky.
Kids will lock their parents out of their suburban homes and turn them Into guerrilla baaea, storing ansa.
class for the time being well-supplied with TV, professional sports, and beer, effectively prevents the rise of any to independent wealth who are not already part of the power structure.
The Jewish revolution is now complete. Both political parties are bought and paid for. Both political parties know that to oppose organized Jewry is to be destroyed politically by the greatest financial, media, and political combine ever to exist on this planet. 1 have said it before, hut it bears repeating; 1/you want to know who are the true rulers in any society, you need only ask yourself this question: “Who is it that 1 am not pet* nutted to criticise.*” My fellow patriots,
91995 Notional Vungaurd Books Boa 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for May 1995
15
no one has suggested laws to prevent you from criticizing the Council on Foreign Relations. No one is pushing for legislation to put you in jail if you criticize the Trilateral Commission. No one has said that criticizing Clinton or Gingrich ought to be made a crime. You all know uHc if is that we must not criticize. You all know who it is that now calls for censorship ofthe airwaves, censorship of computer networks, of “radical” books, of public speech of every kind. They care nothing for dead children in Oklahoma City or Waco, any more than they care for the little boys seduced by perverts or little girls violated by Black rapists in the wonderland of “diversity” they have brought about. They want to make it a crime to criticize the Jewish revolution and its agenda. They even have readymade smear words for opponents of their revolution, for patriots who want our Republic back. They call us “anti-Semites.” They call us “haters.” They call us “nazis.” And there the debate is supposed to end—there all right-thinking people are supposed to turn away in horror and go back to MTV. There is no evidence—no evidence at all— connecting the Oklahoma terror bombing to pro-White views. But the Jewish media masters grasp at every straw, they lie outright to make such a connection in the minds ofthe public. They are preparing the ground for making it illegal to criticize them or their agenda. They are delighted at the terror bombing in Oklahoma City. They benefit. Their political agenda will be advanced. Through their controlled media, they can direct the anger of the public in the desired direction. They may well get their laws allowing them to jail those who utter or print what the organized Jewish groups call "hate speech.” There is not the slightest evidence that guns were used in the Oklahoma City terror bombing. Yet the Jewish puppeteers and those who dance to their tune are transported with glee as they use this incident to manipulate us like a herd of sheep into the corral of more and more gun laws, a corral which leads to slavery and the slaughterhouse.
The Associated Press reported yesterday “Several Senate Judiciary Committee members joined in the call for more legislation to combat terrorism amid reports that domestic terrorists in recent years have become capable of disseminating information via the Internet on how to make powerful explosives.” Now who
do you think generated those “reports?” Is there even the slightest shred of evidence to support the idea that those who set the bomb in Oklahoma City used the Internet? Those who want to take away our freedom of speech are using our grief to get us to give up our freedom. Details about explosives are available in every large library. Should we censor our libraries? U.S. Army field manuals, printed and sold by the U.S. Government Printing Office, give the same information. Someone is lying to you, my friend.
The Washington Post reported yesterday, “Ronald K. Noble, undersecretary of treasury for enforcement... told [a Congressional! panel that the annual toll of bombings in the United States has more than tripled in the past decade, reaching a high in 1993 with 49 deaths and 1,323 injured. And there are believed to be several hundred ‘violent white supremacist groups’ in the country, along with a military movement in at least 34 states that is ‘virulently antigun control and anti-federal government,’ he said.” Lies, lies, lies. Notice the tie-in between over 1,000 bombing victims and “White supremacists” and militias, which Mr. Noble suggests but does not explicitly state. He does not explicitly state it because no link exists—not a single one of those people was killed by a militia member or a so-called “White supremacist”group. Someone is lying to you, my friend.
And what do the liars want? According to wire service reports, President Clinton has called for: money to hire 1,000 new agents, a wider range of electronic surveillance, stiffer penalties, relaxed standards for allowing infiltration and informers, increased ability to trace phone calls and check credit card and other records and use of the military in domestic cases. Use of the military against American citizens—that has got to be the final straw. In Waco they insisted that U.S. Army insignia be removed from the equipment before it was to be used, but perhaps in future that will no longer be necessary. As in the Soviet Union, the people may become inured to the use of the Army against citizens.
The Jewish revolution is now complete—-hut the revolutionists feel far from secure. Now that they are in power, their main concern is staying there. Now that they feel that they have most of us fooled, those who once urinated on the
American flag, those who cried “Off the pigs!” in the name of absolute freedom are now calling for the greatest increase in police power in American history. They are pushing for their so-called “Anti-Terrorism Bill.” They want more black-helmeted goons working for nameless agencies most of us haven’t even heard about, armed with automatic weapons which we are not allowed to have, with the legally-sanctioned power to attack and possibly kill Americans that criminals like Janet Reno or Bill Clinton or their hidden masters merely suspect of lawbreaking. They want the power to unilaterally declare, without trial, that certain groups are “terrorist” and criminalize Americans who donate to them. They want to subject patriotic, loyal Americans to the most advanced spying, wiretapping, and surveillance apparatus that has ever been known. They want carte blanche to infiltrate agents provocateurs into groups they merely suspect of lawbreaking. And who do you think Bill Clinton and Janet Reno and their masters would so “suspect”? The Mafia? Jewish organized crime gangs in New York and Los Angeles? Homosexual activists who fling AIDS-infected blood at innocent churchgoers? Jamaican cocaine dealers who kill almost with impunity on our city streets? No. It is you and I, it is anyone who opposes their evil agenda, it is anyone who wants a return to the values that made America great, it is against us they would turn loose their gun-toting secret police. They would take away the last of our freedoms, the freedom to speak, and they would frame, they would plant evidence, they would lie, they would kill to stay in power. They would even kill children. They have already done so. Bill Clinton has directed the FBI to do “anything and everything to combat terrorism.” Anything. Everything. No mention of the rule of law. No mention of Constitutional rights. To Bill Clinton, the holocaust at Waco in which agents of the federal government incinerated 90 innocent people including 17 children, was not terrorism. To Bill Clinton, the law is whatever his handlers tell him it is. It is unthinkable to give such monsters any power over us. Yet as I speak evil men in high places are flashing images of dead children before our eyes again and again and again—and they are telling us that to prevent this from happening again we must give these monsters the legal power to invade our
©J 995 National Vanguard Bookt Box 330 Hilhboro WV 24946
Free Speech for May 1995
homes, to spy on us, to take away our weapons of self-defense, and to intimidate and enslave us without regard for our sacred rights, won at the cost of so much blood by our ancestors. It may be unthinkable. But that is what is happening. Our people, most of them good folks, conservative, with healthy values, are lettmg a gang of aliens and traitors manipulate them into giving up their freedoms, manipulate them into hating anyone who would save them.
Those good folks, those conservative Americans, do not understand that there has been a revolution in this country, and that they lost. They still think that they are holding the pass against a revolution drat is still to come. They still think that this is their government, that the politicians and the talking heads represent them, that they have a choice at the ballot box, that the newspapers and television networks controlled by a cohesive alien minority constitute “freedom of the press.” If these good people can be made to see what is really happening to their nation, and the horrible fate in store for their children if organized Jewry has its way, they will join us in our battle to restore America.
Do not be intimidated. Speak out against the killers of innocent children,
no matter who they are. Don’t let liars like Clinton and Reno and Brokaw and Chung and Rather into your homes anymore. Don’t let them tell you that we must rally behind America’s enemies to save children’s lives—that is the most despicable lie that I have ever heard in my entire life. Speak up more strongly than ever against the criminals in Washington. Speak out against those who would turn our beloved America into a brutal Third World police state. More than ever before, bring truth-telling literature and tapes into the homes of your friends, neighbors, and family. Explain to them in words they can understand, no matter how hard it is or how long it takes, what I have told you in this radio program. Never give up, never give in, never hide your point of view, never allow a day to go by in which you do not bring the truth to at least one new person. Use the wonderful resource of the computer networks that are so far free from Jewish censorship to spread our message of truth and hope to our people
Truth is convincing and courage is contagious. Our people will know in their hearts that we are right when they finally hear or read what we are saying in unedited, uncensored form. It is what
they have longed to say themselves for years, but for which they could not find the words. It is what they have known was true all along, but their miseduca-tion at the hands of liberals left them without the knowledge or the vocabulary to articulate it. When they realize that hundreds of thousands of us are speaking out, they will join us. And when enough of them do that, we will be the state—the American government will once again be in the hands of true Americans. The outward-bound 747s will be struggling to leave the runways by the hundreds every day, overloaded with traitors and alien subversives and their ill-gotten lucre, heading for Israel or elsewhere where their evil revolution may still be in power. But the Jewish revolution will be finished here. America will be America onceyagamv And our sons and our daughters wiH;,be able to “T* look with clear eyes into- a/future once / s again brighter than the sum ^
This program was base&oSihe Amgggptn Dissident Voices progran^^^P May, S®5. A cassette recording offiffi^^rografe is available for $12 postpit^^em^ National Vanguard Books.
‘	—;--------$------------
KSEY AM/FM (Wichita FaUs/Seymour, Texas area): Every Saturday 830 a.m. 94.3 on your FM dial; and 10 a.m. 1230 on your AM dial.
KGOL (Houston, Texas area): Every Saturday evening 6 p.m., 1180 AM dial.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas): Every Saturday 10 a m., 760 AM dial.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/D'eca* tur/Hartselle, Alabama areas): Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m., 1490 and 890 on your AM dial Tune lo station with the stronger signal tti y our area
WTIS (Tampa, Florida area): Every Saturday morning 1130 ajn., 1110 AM dial.
WALE (HI, C7 and MA); Every Monday, 10 a m., 990 cm your AM dial.
KXEL: Monday through Friday, 9:30 p.m. Central Time, 1540 on your AM dial.
	2M i ISSSe
Program suspended! Ktjl/	
f§	Vwurf. 1 I / yMj v 18F
WRNO: This shortwave station serves North America and the world; every Saturday at 1130 a.m. Central Time on 16420 kHz, and every Saturday at 8 p.m. Central Time on 7355 kHz.
KAAY; Every Saturday, 1 a.m. and 1130 ).m. Central Time, 1090 on your AM dial.
Listen to American Dissident Voices on satellite anywhere in North America, every Wednesday from 7 to 8 p.m. Central Time on Cl (FI), channel 15,7.56 audio.
Here’s the latest American Dissident Voices schedule!
t
YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE j
...when you call or write I the stations that carry our program, expressing your] approval and support tor | American Dissident Voices. Everyone has an influence in his or her community: Use yours to encourage not only the direct support uf our program, hut also the! advertising sponsors of that i radio station.
WRNO, the most important station in! our network, needs to; hear from every one of you to encourage them! to reinstate our pro-! gram. Write WRNO, 4539 MO Service Rd,! Metairie LA 70002 or] call 504-889-2424.
01995 National Vanyaard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946