IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
A Trial in Jasper
Dr. William Pierce
Odysseus’ Way
Dr. William Pierce
Special Treatment
FREE SPEECH • MARCH 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. Ill
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America's only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4j 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Dr. William Pierce
Lawyers
Dr. William Pierce
A Trial in Jasper
Last week they had a trial in Jasper, Texas, of 24-year-old John King, one of three White men accused of killing a Black by dragging him behind their pickup truck. The media made a real circus of the trial. Every night on the television news programs Tom Brokaw and the other network news announcers reminded us with a grim face and a sober tone about the gruesome nature of the killing. Over and over again they showed us the chain which had been used to drag the Black. They showed us the asphalt road along which he was dragged, with painted circles on the road wherever the police had found blood. And they told us what an awful White racist John King was. They showed us his tattoos. They told us that he was a petty criminal who had been in prison. They read us some of the letters he had written expressing his dislike for Blacks. And the media people really rubbed all of this in hard — “White racist, grue-
John King
some killing, Black victim, hate crime, evil Whites, good Blacks” — it was like a ritual chant, over and over again, until they even had a hardened cynic like me flinching. That's the power of television.
And now they've got the trials of the other two White men accused in the killing to look forward to: more circus, more ritual. And I hardly need to tell you what the purpose of the circus is. The media bosses are pushing hard to have new “hate crime” legislation enacted, and their step'n'fetchit in the White House is eager to oblige. These circus trials are intended to make the White couch potatoes, the White lemmings, feel just a little guiltier for being White and soften them up so they won't object to having their freedom taken away. And really, that's where all of this is headed: the goal is “hate speech” legislation of the sort they've already gotten enacted in Canada, Britain, France, Germany, Switzerland, and a dozen other coun-
2
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
tries, where it is now illegal to say or write or publish anything Politically Incorrect.
You know, there are many conservative Americans who sneer at that prognosis. They believe that I am just a doom-sayer. They believe that Americans are too smart and too independent to surrender their freedom. Well, sir, I wish that they were right, but I'm sure they aren't. These days, whenever there's an argument about the good common sense or the rugged independence of the American people, about their devotion to principles and to freedom, all we have to do is look at what they elected President — twice. That should settle the argument That raping, lying, draft-dodging, coke-snorting piece of filth in the White House, who is still overwhelmingly popular with the American people, is not a figment of my imagination. He is, unfortunately, all too real. And believe me, anyone who would choose Clinton to be his President will not put up even the slightest objection to having his freedom taken away in return for die promise of more security. That is how far America has fallen.
Let's look at the details. During the television coverage of the trial in Jasper I did not once hear it mentioned that the Black who was killed was himself a convicted criminal. Instead he was held up to the television audience as a devoted family man, a choir boy, a Black man loved by all who knew him, almost a saint — brutally murdered by three low-life White thugs who were racists. And to be sure, there hardly can be any doubt that the three young Whites who killed him were low-lifes. All three of them were convicted criminals, just like their Black victim. And the killing itself was a pretty good indicator that they were low-class people, certainly not the sort anyone would want for neighbors. The killing was an act of drunken hooliganism, done on the spur of the moment without a thought for the consequences. It was done stupidly, in a way that was certain to result in the perpetrators getting caught
The media suggested that they believed they were engaged in a race war, Whites against Blacks, and that their killing of the Black was part of that war. If that was so — and I really
doubt that they had any coherent reason for their actions that night - but if they thought that they were part of some White army, they should have understood that in ‘any White army worth its Salt such drunken foolishness would not be tolerated. Such an act of indiscipline and hooliganism would have resulted in a court martial and a firing squad for the three lowlifes who did it.
The media also made much of John King's racial beliefs. He was a nice boy before he went to prison and was exposed to White racist gangs, they said. After he came out of prison he hated Blacks, they said, and they implied that it was because he had been indoctrinated with racial hatred by these racist gangs while in prison. Another good reason for a “hate crime” law: keep these White racist gangs from poisoning the minds of nice, non-racist boys like John King used to be. Actually, what happened to John King while he was in prison was not indoctrination by White gangs. It was direct contact with the reality of the Black nature. It was direct exposure to the wonders of life with the colored brother.
Let me tell you, I've lived in East Texas. I graduated from a military school in a small East Texas town only about 100 miles from Jasper, and I have a pretty good feeling for what it's like in that part of the country. There are, of course, too many Blacks there, just as in most other parts of the country. But in the small towns like Jasper the Blacks are moderately well behaved. The police don't coddle them like they do in the big cities. The White people in East Texas aren't terrorized by them. And so John King didn't think much about Blacks or about the racial situation in this country — until he was sent to prison for burglary and was exposed to a majority prison population consisting of Black criminals like James Byrd, the Black ex-convict he was convicted of killing.
I don't want to get into all of the gory details about what young White men are exposed to in prisons diese days, where the majority of the inmates very often are Black. It is a hell almost beyond imagining for White Americans brought up in a genteel environment. For Blacks homosexual rape is accepted behavior. It is not a rare occurrence; it is rou-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
tine. It's the way they establish their barnyard pecking order. They rape each other when they must, but they much prefer to rape Whites. They get away with it because the government's official position is that it doesn't happen, or at worst is only a very minor problem. And of course, the media don't like to talk about such things. It doesn't fit.
And even if a young White man doesn't get raped, it is something he is constandy aware of, something which he must constandy be on guard against. He is surrounded by Blacks who no longer feel that they must ape the White man in their behavior. Instead they behave in prison in the way that is natural for them, the way they behaved in the jungles of Africa. Ana you know, everyone in the government understands this racial situation in the prisons. They make jokes about it at their cocktail parties in Washington. Most of them know some fellow bureaucrat or politician who has been sent to prison for taking bribes or committing perjury or the like, and the reality of being thrown into a cage with a mob of unrestrained Blacks is something which is never too far below the surface of their consciousness. But of course, in their public statements they pretend that they believe that Blacks and Whites are the same and that there's nothing in particular to worry about if one is locked up with Blacks.
Well, John King was exposed to the brutal truth when he was sent to prison for burglary, and he learned to hate Blacks in a hurry. He turned to White gangs in prison in order to survive, and when he came out he was indeed a changed man. If there's anything good that can be said about America's prisons today it is that they provide a strong dose of racial reality to those Whites unfortunate enough to be forced to spend some time in them.
John King was sentenced on Thursday of last week, and NBC anchorman Tom Brokaw announced the news of the sentencing on the NBC Evening News with these words: “And in lasper, Texas, today the racist got the death penalty. * That's the way Brokaw introduced the news: not “John King got the death penalty” or “the man who was convicted in a dragging death got the death penalty,” but “the racist got the death penalty.”
Do you believe that was a slip of the tongue? Listen, Tom Brokaw is
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
Pop star, Lauryn Hill, with her trademark Bible.
paid seven million dollars a year to read his news scripts. He is paid seven million dollars a year because he is a very good actor and says — convincingly — exacdy what the Jews who formulate his news program want him to say. He is paid seven million dollars a year for his half-hour appearance every evening because he uses his words, his facial expressions, his tone of voice to convey exacdy the message that his bosses want conveyed. And that message in this case was, “racism is a crime, and racists deserve the death penalty.” That was Tom Brokaw's subliminal message to us, and it was a calculated message.
Of course, media people do sometimes make slips of die tongue. On Wednesday of last week, with the Jasper trial on everyone's mind, a well-known White disk jockey, Doug Tracht, at Washington, DC, radio station WARW-FM, played part of a song by Grammy-winning Black hip-hop performer Lauryn Hill. Well, Doug Tracht, who is best known by his nickname, “the Greaseman,” didn't like the Black woman's song, and so he commented as he stopped it, “No wonder people drag them behind trucks.”
Now, that was a slip. Within hours the CBS-owned station had fired Tracht Before the day was over he also had lost his job as part-time deputy sheriff in suburban Falls Church, Virginia. And you can bet your bottom dollar that he never will be allowed to work again in the controlled media. He made the mistake of saying what was on his mind.
But Tom Brokaw didn't make a slip when he introduced the news the following day about John King's sentencing with the words, “And in Jas-
3
per, Texas, today the racist got die death penalty.” Tom Brokaw was delivering a subliminal message calculated by Neal Shapiro, the Jewish executive producer of the NBC Evening News, and Brokaw's other Jewish bosses. The message again was: “Racism is a crime. Not liking Blacks or Jews or mestizos or Asians is a crime. Racism deserves the death penalty. We need a law against racism.” Tom Brokaw is paid seven million dollars a year by his Jewish bosses because he delivers subliminal messages like that very skillfully, very convincingly. Tom Brokaw is paid to be a Judas goat, to lead the sheep to the slaughter.
Now, perhaps you think that I am imagining things. Perhaps you think that I am way off target, first, in imagining that the media coverage of the news has the effect of making White people feel guilty and of conditioning them to give up their freedom without protest, and second, in imagining that this is the result of a deliberate plan by the Jews who control the media.
Well, I wish that it were just my imagination. But you know, the panicked reaction to the Greaseman's casual comment, “No wonder they drag them behind trucks,” — his immediate firing by his radio station, where he was by far their highest rated announcer, and his firing by the sheriffs department for his Politically Incorrect slip of the tongue — that wasn't my imagination, white people do feel intimidated by the media propaganda. In Jasper, Texas, the White people are falling all over themselves in their efforts to apologize for being White. The effect of all of the media publicity has been guilt, guilt, guilt. White men, as well as women, in Jasper have been wringing their hands in anguish and begging not to be judged as racists, just Decause of John Ring and his two companions. One of die first things the white people of Jasper did was tear down a fence which had divided the White and Black sections of their cemetery. And the 11 White people on John King's jury chose the one Black man on that jury to be the foreman, so that they could show the world that they aren't racists. Now they've built themselves a new city park and named it James Byrd Junior Park. How many other towns in America have named city
J>arks after local ex-convicts? Indeed, ames Byrd was an ex-convict who
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro •. WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and got himse if killed in an especially messy way — but he's still only an ex-convict, a petty criminal and ne'er do well. And its quite dear that if he'd been White instead of Black, no city park would have been built in his honor, no matter how messily and painfully he died. And so the effect of the media coverage of his killing has been to create a sense of White racial guilt in the lemmings.
What about the motivation behind the media coverage? Why did this trial in Jasper get such enormous media coverage all over the country? Was it just because the defendant had committed an especially gruesome crime? The more gruesome the crime, die more coverage the trial will get — is that it?
No, not really. You know, another murder trial opened the same day that John King's trial did. While John King was being tried in Jasper, Texas, last week for killing James Byrd, Danny Martinez was being tried in Denver, Colorado, for the rape, torture, and murder of 14-year-old Brandy Duvall. But of course, unless you live in Denver, you haven't heard a word about the Martinez trial. Tom Brokaw didn't even mention it. All you’ve heard about is the King trial. Is it because die murder Martinez committed wasn’t as gruesome or newsworthy as the murder King committed? Well, I’ll let you be the judge.
Martinez and six other members of the mestizo gang to which he belongs, the Bloods, grabbed 14-year-old Brandy Duvall from a Denver bus stop, where she was waiting for a bus. They took her to a house where one of the gang members lives, and they held die 14-year-old White girl down on a mattress while she was gang-raped for several hours. The gang members then took turns sexually torturing die White junior high school student. They repeatedly rammed a broomstick into her vagina while she screamed and begged for her life. Then, after they haa finished amusing themselves. Martinez and the other ^ mestizos handcuffed die bleeding Wk White girl, put a hood over her head, H and drove ner to a drainage ditch. There they stabbed Brandy Duvall 28 times with a butcher knife and then dumped her body into the ditch, where she bled to death. After that die gang members went back to the
★ • *• •
Jewish Groups Urge Passage of Hate Crimes Bill: the Anti-Defamation League, the American Jewish Congress attd numerous other groups are calling on Governor Fata-Id to reconvene the legislature fc^. a session to p£s& a hate crintes Uill in the wake, of die murder of Matthew Shepard, a ga^studentft^	^
<• versity of XVyoming;;: press conference at City Hall* ADL’s ( New York regional director^Adam , Segall, said* that the dty*s political leadership must not remain “Silent” and “mipOiteirf’ in the wake of con- • dnued hate crimes **04i Long Island against the Jews, in	^
Indians and in Greenwich Village ; against gays.” New Y^i^ is ohe^of only 12 states without hate crimes legislation.-	•;	V;!-?T:;*
. ★ . ■ » V!’". ■■ .
Jews freely discuss their advocacy for “hate crime" legislation in their own publications, as this article from the Jewish newspaper, Forward, shows. The article was published October 23, 1998 — too early for the Jasper killing to be mentioned.
house and disposed of the bloody mattress on which she had been gang-raped and sexually tortured.
And as I just told you, Danny Martinez was being tried for this horrible crime last week at exactly the same time John King was being tried. So why do you think the media focused so heavily on Jasper, Texas, and didn't have a word to say about the trial in Denver? Could it be that the Jasper trial served their propaganda purpose and the Denver trial didn't? Could it be that the Jewish media bosses wanted to make White people feel guilty and intimidated, and the Jasper trial served that purpose, while the Denver trial didn't7 Could that be the only reason why they covered up the horrible rape, torture, and murder of 14-year-old Brandy Duvall while they beat us over the head with the dragging death of a Black ex-convict in Texas? Could it be that they kept quiet about Brandy Duvall because she was White and her murderers were mestizos? Did they make a circus out of the Jasper trial just because the victim was Black and the murderers were White? That's what I think. What do you think?
Let me just recap this for you, because it really is extraordinarily
important. What happened in Ja$. per, Texas, to a Black ex-convict shouldn't have happened in a civilized society. It was an especially gruesome murder. And there is no doubt that John King hated Blacks as a consequence of his own experiences with them in prison. All of that is a legitimate subject for news coverage.
But what happened to 14-year-old Brandy Duvall in Denver is even more terrible than what happened to James Byrd. It is more newsworthy, something which the White citizens of this country should be more concerned about, because it was an organized, gang attack by non-White racists, by mestizo racists, on a White person. An innocent White child was killed in Denver, while the victim in Jasper was a Black criminal, an ex-convict.
The news media have gone all-out on the Jasper trial and have been completely silent on the Denver trial, not because the killing of James Byrd was more gruesome than that of Brandy Duvall or more newsworthy or more interesting to television viewers, but solely because in Jasper the victim was Black and the perpetrators were White, while in Denver the victim was White and the perpetrators were mestizos. That is the only reason for the enormous disparity in the news coverage of the two trials: die only reason. The Jasper trial suited their purpose and the Denver trial didn't.
And that purpose — the purpose of the Jewish media bosses — is to make White people feel guilty, so that they won't oppose the Jews' campaign for so-called “hate crime” legislation, the same sort of legislation which the Jews have succeeded in having imposed on the people of Canada and Britain and France and Germany and Switzerland and much of the rest of Europe. It is legislation whose real aim is to keep White people from defending themselves against the Jews, to keep White people from criticizing the Jews or speaking out against their activities.
And this White guilt campaign by the media is working; it is having the desired effect. Many White people are feeling guilty as a result. Many White people are feeling ashamed of their natural dislike of Blacks. That's why Doug Tracht, the Greaseman, lost both his jobs so quickly when he
<g> 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
5
made a Politically Incorrect remark about the Jasper trial. That's why the White citizens of Jasper have named a new city park after a convicted Black criminal. That's why there will never be a park in Denver named after Brandy Duvall.
Yes, the media bosses planned this propaganda campaign, and Tom Brokaw is doing a very effective job as
a Judas goat. But you know, if this campaign doesn't work for the Jews — if it backfires in the long run and White Americans reject the effort of the media bosses to take away their freedom, Tom Brokaw may decide that seven million dollars a year was nowhere near enough payment for his treachery. Let's aim for that.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “A Trial in Jasper,” aired on March 6, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Odysseus’ Way
Two of the diverse dishes our guests would like us to enjoy.
Sometimes after 1 finish speak-ing with you in one or another of my programs, I have a bad feeling. I feel that 1 have let you down by not really leveling with you and telling you everything. I feel as if I have walked into the courtyard of the temple and politely reprimanded one or two of the moneychangers there for his dishonest practices, when I should have overturned all of the tables and then taken a whip to everyone in sight.
1 feel that way after I have focused heavily on a very specific problem in our society — on our immigration problem, on our embarrassment in the White House, on the decline of our schools, on the correlation between AIDS and race, even on
such an urgent matter as the Jewish control of our news and entertainment media — because I feel that I may have led some of you to believe that if we solve the particular problem I have talked about, or even many of the problems I talk about on these programs, then we will be well on the way to having things straightened out the way they ought to be. And that just isn't so.
The problem with the moneychangers in the courtyard wasn't in the details of the way they conducted their business. The problem was that they shouldn't have been there at all, and the fact that they were there, and nobody really cared that they were there, indicated a far more pervasive
and fatal problem in the society than the mere shortchanging of the moneychangers' customers. Punishing the moneychangers — even making them all conduct their business honesdy — could not solve the underlying problem. It could not do anything at all even to ameliorate that problem.
Let's think of a story a thousand years older than the one about the moneychangers in the courtyard. Let's recall the story of the return of Odysseus, king of Ithaca, to his palace after being away for 20 years during the Trojan War and subsequent adventures. He finds his palace overrun with strangers lusting after his wife and his kingdom, feasting on his food, and corrupting his household
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
with their bad manners. Odysseus doesn't think about dealing with this problem by correcting the manners of his unwanted guests. He simply makes a plan and kills the whole bunch of them, and then he goes about straighten' ing things out
Anal we might liken our situation in America today to being at a banquet thrown by a gang of unwelcome guests in our palace: a palace that we and our forefathers built with our own hands. These unwel' come guests have set out a whole array of dishes that they have concocted for us, and they invite us to join them at the table and eat and be merry. And what a splendid array of dishes there is to choose from! Try a nice casserole of very assertive female business executives, female Army officers, and female fighter pilots garnished with homosexual television entertainers. Yum, yum,
yum:
How about a tasty salad of subsi' dizcd housing for non-Whiee welfare recipients in White neighborhoods, with a dressing of affirmative action and equal opportunity? Surely you will enjoy the delicious sensitivity soup: that will just whet your appetite for a wonderful broiled filet of Political Correctness. And there are appetizing side dishes of permissively raised, smart-aleck 10-year-olds who have been taught to address all adults by their first names; of racially into-grated, coed university dormitories; and of fast-talking, loudmouthed Jew-ish comedians with all the latest jokes about your various bodily functions.
And you can wash everything down with your choice of beverages. There's hearty multicultural ale; there's fine diversity wine; there are as many delicious anti-discrimination cocktails as you want And for dessert there's “ Holocaust” remembrance cake with a nice icing of Black basketball players, Blade football players, and Black talk-show hosts. And while you're eating and drinking and yuk-king it up with our guests, you'll be entertained by the Bill and Monica dance team performing the hora and accompanied by Hillary's village rappers. Isn't it all just too, too wonderful?
Odysseus
What? None of that appeals to you, you say? All you want is a simple dish of Aryan dignity and Aryan discipline and Aryan honor?
Well! What are you, some kind of racist? Don't you appreciate anything our very, very clever guests have done for you, even if you didn't ask for it? Are you inclined to reprimand some of the pushier and more obnoxious guests? Are you inclined to explain to them exaedy what it is about diversity wine which makes you sick to your stomach? Do you want to tell them why you gag at the sight of Black basketball players on cereal boxes, and why you're sure you'll vomit if you're forced to choke down even one more slice of “Holocaust” remembrance cake? Do you believe that you should try to persuade our guests to let us have a small comer of the banquet table for ourselves, set with food and drink the way we like it?
Well, I'm not really inclined to do any of those things. I'm inclined to deal with our unwelcome guests the way Odysseus dealt with his. I'm inclined to turn the whole banquet table over onto the floor and then begin splitting skulls, right and left. I'm inclined to lay waste to the whole multicultural feast, to spill the blood and brains of the cooks and caterers and waiters, along with those of our unwelcome guests, onto the floor and into every filthy, alien dish they have prepared for us, and then to take a firehose and wash the whole mess out the door and into the gutter.
I apologize for such a distasteful analogy with our present situation,
but I want to explain to you today why I believe that it i8 essential for us to take a radical rather than a conservative approach to dealing with our unwelcome guests. I want you to understand why reform cannot cure our society's present sickness and why revolution will be necessary. Of course, on these programs we talk mosdy about very specific problems — we talk about the danger of AIDS from interracial sex, about the corruption of our legal system, about the declining standards in our schools, about the reluctance of the controlled mass media to report Black-on-White crime, about the lies and distortions of history on the part of an educational establishment which is more concerned with Political Correctness than with truth, and about many other things. And all of these things are extremely important. They're important because they are details in the overall picture, and we must understand the details if we're really to understand what has happened to us and if we are to make an intelligent plan for the future.
But what we don't want to do is become so absorbed by any one detail that we forget the big picture. We don't want to slip into the error of believing that we can become healthy again by dealing with just a few specific problems. We don't want to make the mistake of believing that a proper way to behave at the banquet thrown by our unwanted guests is to avoid the most distasteful dishes they have prepared for us and nibble at the ones which are a little less obnoxious
to us.
The problem is that every dish our uninvited guests have prepared for us is poisonous to us in one way or another. They have taken over our pantry and our kitchen, they have substituted their recipe books for ours, and they have very largely remodeled our palace to suit themselves. Whenever they have come across something in the palace which suits our tastes instead of theirs, they have done their best to destroy it. They really have done a thorough wrecking job on our society, a thorough job of making it a society which suits their nature but is deadly to
I
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
ours. We cannot live in the same world with them: certainly not in the same palace. It's not just this particular banquet of alien dishes which is a problem we must deal with: it is their continuing presence in our palace, waiting for their next opportunity to poison and subvert — which is why the method of Odysseus is the proper method for us to use in dealing with them.
I want to read something to you which was written 75 years ago by one of our uninvited guests during a rare lapse into frankness. The guest's name was Maurice Samuel, and he was a very prominent and influential man among our guests. He was an active member of the Zionist Organization of America and the recipient of many awards from other Jewish organizations. He wrote 20 books, all of them dealing with Jewish topics. He was a Jew's Jew, a guest at the forefront of those hell-bent on remodeling our palace.
In 1924 Maurice Samuel wrote a book tided You Gentiles, and it was addressed to us. It is an amazing book, because in it Samuel explains to us in detail why the Jews are remodeling our palace for us. He explains that the natures of his people and our people are so different that nothing we do can be pleasing to Jews, and so they are changing everything to suit themselves. Of course, he explains all of this to us in a typically deceptive way. He tells us that all of the changes die Jews are making in our society are really good for us. And then he invites us to come to the banquet his fellow Jews are preparing for us in our own palace.
Now I'll read you just two brief passages from a chapter of You Gentiles which is tided “We, the Destroyers.” And remember, this was written 75 years ago, in 1924, and when Samuel refers to the instruments of destruction which the Jews are using against our society, he's talking primarily about communism, in which so many Jews were playing a leading role at the time. Maurice Samuel writes:
"In everything we are destroyers — even in the instruments of destruction to which we turn for relief. The very socialism and internationalism through which our choked spirit seeks utterance, which seem to threaten your way of life, are alien to our spirit’s demands and needs. Your socialists and internationalists are not serious."
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
The unwelcome suitors
That was written before the Jews had proved that their socialists were indeed serious by butchering 50 million of our people. Samuel concludes the chapter:
"We Jews, we, the destroyers, will remain the destroyers forever. Nothing that you will do will meet our needs and demands. We will forever destroy because we need a world of our own, a God-world, which it is not in your nature to build."
Fascinating, isn't it? I'll bet you'd never heard that before. But Maurice Samuel was, in fact, one of the most widely read Jewish authors from the 1920s through the 1950s. By the 1950s, of course, the remodeling job on our world that Samuel and other Jews were demanding in the 1920s already was well underway.
An interesting historical fluke in the 1950s that I believe wasn't foreseen by anyone, including our unwelcome guests, was the Cold War. The Jews had been riding high in the Soviet Union prior to the Second World War, and Jewish publicists in the United States had been solidly pro-Soviet. Stalin, of course, had started an ethnic cleansing program in the Soviet bureaucracy just before the war began, cleaning out many of the entrenched Jews and replacing them with Russians. But the Jewish propaganda in the United States had so much momentum that it couldn't switch directions very fast. And then the war halted Stalin's cleansing program before many Jews in the West understood that their fortunes were changing in the Soviet Union. The Soviet espionage network in the United States, which was almost entirely Jewish in its personnel, remained intact throughout the war and provided the Soviet Union with
7
plans for America's nuclear weapons, among many other things. I was in elementary school at the end of the war, and I still remember my teachers parroting the official party line about our gallant Soviet ally, good old “Uncle Joe.”
After the U.S. participation in the war had made it possible for Stalin to beat back the Germans and achieve a Soviet victory, however, Stalin returned to his program of de-Judaiz-ing the Soviet bureaucracy, and the Jews' pro-Soviet and anti-fascist propaganda machine in the United States finally did an about-face and began warning us of the Soviet menace. By the middle of the 1950s “fascism” in its various forms no longer was the principal threat to the American way of life, and communism took its place as the number-one enemy in the propaganda coming from Hollywood and New York. The Jews' remodeling program had to develop new techniques and new slogans, and their whole propaganda machine didn't shift gears at the same time, resulting in a bit of confusion for a while. The Cold War probably put the remodeling program a decade or more behind its original schedule.
I have an old, yellowed editorial from the July 1955 issue of the magazine The Point. It is tided “Should Hate Be Oudawed?” In it an unusually bold Gentile editor, Leonard Feeney, is still taking issue with the Jews' campaign at that time to stamp out fascism by oudawing “hate” — a campaign, he notes, which has been pushed hard by them since 1940. At least, 1940 is when the “anti-fascist” campaign became noticeable to Feeney. He writes:
On billboards, on bus and subway posters, in newspapers and magazines, through radio and television broadcasts, Amencans are being assured and reassured, both subtly and boldly, that "Bigotry is fascism . . . Only Brotherhood can save our nation ... We must be tolerant of all!"
The editor continues — and remember, this was written 44 years ago:
The long-range effects of this [anti-fascist propaganda] campaign are even now evident. It is producing the "spineless citizen": the man who has no cultural sensibilities; who is incapable of indignation; whose sole mental activity is merely an extension of what he reads in the newspaper or sees on the television screen; who faces moral disaster in his neighborhood, political disaster in his country, and an
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
impending world catastrophe with a blank ana smiling countenance. He has only understanding for the enemies of his country. He has nothing but kind sentiments for those who would destroy his home and family. He has an earnest sympathy for anyone who would obliterate his faith. He is universally tolerant. He is totally unprejudiced. If he has any principles, he keeps them well concealed, lest m advertising them he should seem to indicate that contrary principles might be inferior. He is, to the extent of his anilities, exactly like the next citizen, who, he trusts, is trying to be exactly like him: a faceless, characterless putty-man.
Between 1955 and the Clinton era the Jews' “ana-fascist” campaign didn't stop. It just changed its slogans a bit. With Clinton in office the campaign is once again expressing itself openly as a campaign to oudaw what it calls “hate.” And unfortunately, the tendency of the American people to be without spine or principles, lest they offend someone and be considered “haters,” has proceeded to a terminal state.
And this business of making the Gentiles more “tolerant” — more puttylike — has been only one part or the Jews' remodeling program on our palace. Virtually all or the dishes set before us now are dishes of their preparation: prepared in our kitchen with our resources, but according to their recipes, so as to suit themselves. They have gotten their filthy hands on everything that used to be ours and changed it until it is unfit for us. Our art, our music, our literature, our history, our morals, our cinema, our sports, our life-styles, our ideals, our schools, our family life, our child-raising practices, the relations between
our sexes, our government: you name it; they've changed it
Such a tolerant government they have given us; such a wonderful and sensitive President, who feels our pain; such marvelous sports heroes — Michael Jordan and Magic Johnson and Mike Tyson — to be idols for our kids; such brilliant men running our news and entertainment media — Disney's Michael Eisner and Time Warner's Gerald Levin and Universal's Edgar Bronfman and MTV's Sumner Redstone — all busy keeping us entertained and informed.
Of course, our history and our literature and our art and our music all still exist — in some locked basement storeroom of our palace. What has really been destroyed is our people's sense of identity — and with it their morale and their values. Putty-men: more than half of them think Bill Clinton is an OK guy. I'll het more than half of them also haven't the faintest idea who Odysseus was: “Hey, what band is he in. man? Which team does he play for?”
Probably three-quarters of them think that our guests have done a good job of remodeling, that we're better off for it. They've learned to like the new dishes our guests have prepared for us. They've been taught new tastes: Tupac Shakur and Ice Cube instead of Beethoven. They have new heroes: Malcolm X instead of Leif Ericsson, Michael Jordan instead of Neil Armstrong. They would thoroughly disapprove of taking a whip to the moneychangers. They wouldn't understand the reason
for that. They would consider that very intolerant, very bigoted. And besides that, too masculine, too violent. Ugh! Much better to talk things out with the moneychangers. And as for Odysseus' way of dealing with the uninvited guests in his palace: why, they would consider that a “hate crime,” something for Janet Reno to have die FBI deal with.
It is this change in the sensibilities of our people wrought by 75 years of remodeling which makes any program of reform impractical. Most of our people simply have no understanding of the need for reform. They believe that things are pretty much OK the way they are. And if there still are a few flaws in our society, they are nothing that a few more slices of “Holocaust” remembrance cake washed down with another botde of diversity wine can't fix. We can wage a temperance campaign against the diversity wine, but we'll be outcam-paignea by the wine merchants, I'm afraid. No, I really believe that what we need to do is string the old bow and bring an end to the whole banquet the way Odysseus did.
Additional Reading:
Maurice Samuel, You Gentiles (Harcourt, Brace and Company, 1924)
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Odysseus’ Way,” aired on February 27, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Special Treatment
St. Martins Press has just published a fascinating new book. It's by journalist Gordon Thomas and is tided Gideon's Spies: the Secret History of the M os sad. Mossad is the name of Israel's official espionage and assassination agency. The history of the Mossad is an interesting enough subject in itself: all of the gory details about how our gallant, litde, democratic ally in the Middle East carries out state-sponsored assassinations, terrorist bombings, and other hanky-panky, with nary a word of protest from that great enemy of terrorism we have in the White House. Bill Clinton likes to wax indignant about the terrorism of Osama bin Laden and
Colombian rebels and Hutus in Uganda and others — that is, about the terrorism of everyone except our gallant, litde, democratic ally in the Middle East
What makes Thomas's book especially interesting and relevant at the moment, however, is that he details some Mossad espionage inside the Clinton White House. Specifically, he reveals that Clinton knew that his steamy telephone-sex sessions with his Jewish bimbo/intem Monica Lewinsky were being tapped by the Mossad. We know mat Clinton knew, because he told Monica about it after an oral-sex session in the Oval Office, and she told Special Prosecu-
tor Ken Starr, in sworn testimony, what Clinton had told her. Clinton knew, because the FBI's counter-espionage people knew and had warned him.
Now, this is not really new, because it was in the published Starr report. The Congress knew all about it during the impeachment process and the Senate trial. What is new is that it's finally beginning to get a little press coverage, the result of the publication of Thomas's book. It was all over the front page of the New York Post ten days ago. Why didn't it get a lot of press coverage earlier? Well, the obvious answer is because the telephone tapping was being done by our
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
9
Cop killer’s moll gets off easy
Jerry backs down on Mick $$$ demands
Jerry Hall
HEAL TRAVIS: PAGE 9
wnNMnmr Hanoi i i»w rn«tii» m r w»»m«< r»u» m
http://www.nyport.com/
SO*
Israelis tapped 30 hours of steamy calls:
Cover of the March 3,1999, edition of the New York Post
gallant, little, democratic ally in the Middle East, and neither the media people nor the politicians in the Com gress want to say anything bad about Israel; it's not good for one's career.
\JCHiy is it important? Well, just think what it tells us about Mr. Clinton's character. He knew that his telephone-sex sessions with Monica were being recorded by the Israelis, because the FBI told him, but he didn't care. And he also didn't care that the FBI was tapping Monica's telephone too. He warned Monica about it so that they could prepare a cover story in case the press learned about it, but he kept right on having telephone-sex with Monica. Such irresponsibility is hard to fathom. To Clinton being President is a game. The idea of the game is to have as much fun as possible while pretending to be a serious world leader. If you're a skillful enough liar and a good enough actor you can get away with it, especially if your friends in the media cover for you — and if the people who like you because you feel their pain keep giving you a “thumbs up” on the popularity polls. Well, as I told you a long time ago, Clinton is a constitutional psychopath, and this is just one more indication of that fact.
More important than what this telephone-tapping tells us about Clinton's character and attitude is what it tells us about our relationship with our gallant, litde, democratic ally in the Middle East The Israelis, of course, always have waged an espionage war against America. Every time they get caught — as, for example, in the Jonathan Pollard case — they promise they will never do it again, and their apologists in the media and in the Congress explain that they really shouldn't be blamed, because they’re only spying on us so that Israel will be secure. They're surrounded by enemies in the Middle East, and they need every bit of national security information they can get They can't trust anyone but themselves with their security, because during the “Holocaust” everyone else let them down, we're told.
Well, actually, we know from past experience that the Israelis not only steal our secrets, they sell these secrets to our enemies. Selling U.S. military and diplomatic secrets to the Soviet Union back during the Cold War was standard operating procedure for the
Israelis. These days they have a willing buyer for stolen secrets in the form of China. Beyond selling secrets, Israeli spying has a much more sinister purpose, as former Central Intelligence Agency Director William Casey indicated to Thomas in an interview. Most countries spy for security purposes. Israel spies in order to control the country on which she is spying, primarily through the blackmail of politicians. In the case of the Lewinsky telephone taps there are strong indications that the Israelis used the information they collected to blackmail Clinton. They wanted him to halt an FBI search for an Israeli agent on the White House staff, oth-
erwise they would leak their recordings of his telephone-sex with Monica to the press.
The White House denies there was any blackmail, and of course the Israelis deny it. Gordon Thomas says that he has no evidence of direct Israeli blackmail and suggests that it probably was more subde and indirect than that. All he can be sure of is that the Mossad was recording Bill and Monica's telephone-sex sessions, and that the FBI was looking for an Israeli spy in the White House. Beyond that it's just speculation. But the search for the Israeli spy in the White House was halted, and then Mr. Clinton went right on having
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
telephone-sex with Monica, knowing that it was being recorded and in addition suspecting that some Jew on his staff was working secredy for the Mossad — but he didn't care. Can you imagine how frustrating that sort of thing must be for the FBI and other counter-espionage agencies?
Well, that's life in the Clinton era. And of course, when the Senate voted on Clinton's articles of impeachment last month, every Jew in the Senate, Republican as well as Democrat, voted for acquittal. There are 11 Jews in the U.S. Senate — which, incidentally, is more than four times their quota of the U.S. population. During the impeachment hearings and the trial some of these Jews said they were for Clinton, and some said they were against him. New York's Jewish Democrat Senator Charles Schumer loudly supported Clinton throughout the process. Connecticut's Jewish Democrat Senator Joseph Lieberman and Pennsylvania's Jewish Republican Senator Arlen Specter publicly denounced Clinton. But when the final showdown came all 11 Jews quiedy voted to keep Clinton in office. It makes one wonder about the genuineness of their denunciations of Clinton during the trial. What counted in the end was that Bill Clinton cannot say “no” to Israel, and he has appointed more Jews to his administration than any three other Presidents, and all the Jews in the Senate and in the media appreciate that. That is what counts with them.
The FBI is not the only American law-enforcement agency which is frustrated by the unwillingness of Bill Clinton to say “no” to the Israelis. Israel continues to be the hideout of choice for Jewish criminals of all sorts fleeing from justice. A Jew commits a murder or a rape or some other serious crime in the United States, and if he's worried about being caught and punished he simply catches the next flight to Israel. That country has a custom of refusing to extradite any Jewish criminal wanted for an offense against non-Jews in another country. Once a Jewish criminal reaches Israel, he is safe from prosecution and can thumb his nose at the world, no matter how heinous his crime.
A recent example of this is the case of Maryland Jew Samuel Shein-bein. In September 1997 Sheinbein
Samuel Sheinbein (center) with two Israelis.
and another Jew, Aaron Needle, killed a non-Jewish teenaged neighbor, Alfredo Tello, in an argument over drugs. After the two Jews had bludgeoned, stabbed, and strangled Tello, they slashed his throat. Then they cut Tello's body up with a power saw, and burned some of the parts. When the Maryland police came looking for him, Sheinbein got some money from his wealthy parents and hopped the next flight to Israel. He's been there ever since. The Israelis consider it immoral to turn a Jew over to Gentiles to be punished, and they have refused all requests by Maryland authorities for his extradition. Just over two weeks ago, on February 25, the Supreme Court of Israel handed down a final ruling against efforts to extradite Sheinbein. The Israelis say they will put Sheinbein on trial in Israel for the murder of Alfredo Tello. So far they haven't gotten around to it. And if they ever do, don't bet on a conviction.
Another recent case of this sort of thing is that of Dror Goldberg, a Jew who committed an especially vicious murder in Houston, Texas. On November 27 of last year the 20-year-old Goldberg walked into a wig shop near his Houston apartment, pulled out a knife, and began stabbing and slashing the two owners and a clerk. The owners survived the attack, but
the 54-year-old clerk died of her wounds. Police familiar with Goldberg's past activities suspect that it was a thrill killing: he simply wanted to kill someone with a knife to see what it felt like. Goldberg was arrested, but, like Sheinbein, he has wealthy parents. His parents put up bail to get him out of jail, and now Houston police say they have reason to believe that Goldberg has fled to Israel to escape prosecution.
Now, let me tell you, if it were any country but Israel the U.S. government wouldn't tolerate this sheltering of criminals who have murdered U.S. citizens. At the very least diplomatic relations would be cut off and economic sanctions would be imposed. But of course, Israel gets special treatment. Israel can do no wrong, not only in the eyes of the Clinton government, but in the eyes of virtually every government the United States has had in the last 50 years. When Jews in the United States collaborated in the theft of nuclear materials from a U.S. nuclear fuel processing plant and the smuggling of the material to Israel in 1962, President John Kennedy and the media here were interested only in covering it up, not in holding Israel and its collaborators to account.
When the Israelis deliberately attacked and tried to sink a U.S. Navy vessel, the U.S.S. Liberty, in the Mediterranean in 1967, killing 35 U.S. citizens in the process, President Lyndon Johnson and the controlled news media in the United States didn't give a thought to punishing or even criticizing Israel for the murderous attack. Their entire concern was to keep the affair covered up, to keep the American public in the dark about it, and to protect Israel from any blame. The Liberty sent out an emergency call for assistance while it was under attack by the Israelis, and the U.S. Sixth Fleet in the Mediterranean sent jet aircraft speeding to the rescue. As soon as Lyndon Johnson learned that it was the Israelis who were trying to sink the Liberty, however, he ordered the U.S. jets recalled and left the Liberty on its own. He was terrified of the potential political reprisals against him if Israelis were killed by U.S. jets. Better to let the Israelis sink the Lib erty and kill her entire crew. Even today the government's official story is that the attack on the Liberty was a
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
11
Ira Einhorn
“mistake,” and beyond that, “no comment.”
And as it was with Lyndon Johnson in 1967 and with other U.S. Presidents both before and since then, so it is with Bill Clinton today. U.S. government policy is that Jews can do no wrong; Israel can do no wrong. This policy is excused on the basis that Israel is our gallant, little, democratic ally in the Middle East, and that's why we give her special consideration in all things. But really, that's no excuse. Israel is no ally; Israel is and always has been nothing but an enormous liability for America.
And it's not just Israel which gets special treatment. It's Jews generally, whether they run to Israel for protection or not. I'll give you an example of the special treatment reserved for Jews which has gotten a very slight coverage in the news recendy, and has been noticed by those of us who notice such things: that's the case of Ira Einhorn. Einhorn was a Philadel-phia-area leader of the so-called “counter-culture revolution” of the 1960s and 1970s, a revolution which Jews like to brag turned America upside down and changed young people's values. Bill Clinton was part of that revolution as a cheerleader for the Viet Cong and Ho Chi Minh and as an enthusiastic user of illegal drugs.
Ira Einhorn was a smart, fast-talking Jewish con man, who moved in
the same circles as other Jews of his ilk in that era: Jerry Rubin, Abbie Hoffman, Allen Ginsberg. Einhorn was much more than just a cheerleader for the Viet Cong. He was a full-fledged New Age guru. He managed to promote himself successfully as a spokesman for everything that was trendy: the marvelous effects of LSD and other psychedelic drugs, pyramid power, various oriental religious cults, transcendental meditation, UFOs and extraterrestrials, CIA conspiracies: you name it; Einhorn was able to pass himself off as an authority on it. He also was a drug dealer.
But mostly he was a very wordy and very self-confident Jew-boy, who was able to mesmerize Gentiles young and old and bring them under his sway — especially Gentile women. He managed to convince them that whatever nonsense he spewed on any subject was profound wisdom. This was the case despite the fact that he was fat, hairy, greasy looking, and otherwise singularly unattractive: almost a stereotype of the Jew for whom the name “kike” was coined. Of course, the Jewish media and Jews in the Philadelphia establishment helped Ein-hom maintain his “guru” image by taking him seriously and giving him good press.
One of the young Gentile women Einhorn mesmerized was a beautiful, blonde girl from the litde East Texas town of Tyler, Holly Maddux. Holly was not only beautiful, she was very bright and personable. She was a cheerleader in her high school and graduated as salutatorian. Then in 1965 she went off to Bryn Mawr University in Philadelphia. Bryn Mawr had been founded by Quakers, and in the 1960s it was a hotbed of everything liberal, trendy, and destructive of the old-fashioned values Holly had learned in Texas. Holly began sleeping with Jews while she was at Bryn Mawr. She was fascinated by their wordiness and their self-assurance, which she mistook for genuine intellectual qualities, as many another naive Gentile girl has done.
Eventually she met Ira Einhorn, who had risen to become the head Jewish hippie of Philadelphia, and she fell under his spell. Einhorn persuaded Holly to move into his apartment, and she lived with him for five years, cooking and cleaning for him and sexually “servicing” him and let-
Holly Maddux
ting herself be humiliated as he showed off his blonde shiksa slave to his Jewish friends. Then Einhorn murdered Holly and stuffed her corpse into a trunk on an enclosed back porch attached to his apartment. The odor finally attracted the police, who obtained a search warrant and discovered the girl's decomposing body. Einhorn was arrested and charged with Holly's murder in March 1979. Einhorn hired Philadelphia Jewish lawyer Arlen Specter, now a Republican U.S. senator, to get his bail reduced from $500,000 to $40,000. Einhorn put up the required $4000 cash and split. He went to Canada and then to Europe in order to avoid prosecution for the murder of Holly Maddux. In Europe he continued his role of New Age guru, and he continued attracting and using Gentile women. Well . . . Jewish women too: his biggest financial supporter has been Barbara Bronfman, of the infamous Bronfman liquor-merchant and media family, which has been much in the news recendy with demands for billions of dollars in reparations from the rest of the world because we haven't been treating Jews right. And for 20 years, this Jewish hippie guru has been living high in Europe, being supported by various women, and no one seems willing to hold him accountable for the murder of Holly Maddux. The French government finally decided a few weeks ago that he should be
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
deported, but they have given him two years to appeal their decision. I have a suspicion that two years from now Ira Einhom will be in Israel.
Well, these are just a few miscellaneous examples of the sort of special treatment Jews routinely get. Part of the reason they get it is the consequence of Jewish media control, which leads politicians and bureaucrats to handle Jewish criminals with kid gloves, lest anyone think they are being “anti-Semitic.” Part of it undoubtedly is the consequence of Israeli espionage and blackmail of the sort we have seen in the Clinton administration. But part of it also is that too many ordinary Americans let themselves be buffaloed by Jews. We let ourselves be flummoxed by the Jews' fast talk and air of self-confidence. When an Aryan meets a Jew it is like a slow-talking country bumpkin meeting a slick, fast-talking carnival huckster.
Our ancestors evolved in forest and field and on farms, fighting and working; their ancestors have spent the past 10,000 years in the marketplaces and bazaars of the Middle East, buying and selling, wheeling and deal-
I should begin today by telling you that I know from personal experience that there are some decent men who are lawyers. In feet, some of my best friends are lawyers. I also know that the legal profession as a whole has become so corrupt that it is a threat to our race and our civilization. The judicial system in America has become one of the most destructive weapons in die hands of our enemies. And it didn't begin with the O.J. Simpson trial. Two hundred seventy-three years ago the English writer Jonathan Swift described lawyers as:
"...men bred up from their youth in the art of proving, by words multiplied for the purpose, that white is black and black is white, according as they are paid."
And it was not for nothing that 400 years ago William Shakespeare had one of his characters — Dick the butcher in King Henry VI — say: “The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.” Dick was expressing a very popular sentiment in those days.
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
ing, haggling and swindling. To us words are for communication, for exchanging information; to the Jews words are to disarm, to hypnotize, to mislead, to deceive.
Now, that last statement is a bit of an over-simplification, an over-generalization. But it is nevertheless substantially true. Despite all of the individual exceptions each of us can think of, despite all of the individual Jews we have met who are not especially tricky and all of the Gentiles we have met who are, the general truth remains that as a race we have let ourselves be taken advantage of by a tribe of very tricky con men. We are letting the Jews as a whole do to us, to our society, and to our civilization what Holly Maddux let Ira Einhorn do to her. And we must put an end to this situation very soon. We must put an end to the special treatment we have been giving Jews, or we certainly will end up the way Holly Maddux did.
And for those Americans who really want to get Israel off our backs and get Jewish influence out of our lives, we're going to have to change our ways. We're going to have to forget about the exceptions. We're going
Lawyers
In fact, that has been a popular sentiment as long as there have been lawyers. Some 2200 years ago serious and tradition-minded Romans were sufficiendy troubled by the behavior of lawyers and by their negative effect on public morale that they made a serious effort to rein them in. In 204 BC the Roman Senate passed a law prohibiting lawyers from plying their trade for money. A man skilled in the law might volunteer to defend a friend or a cause in the law courts, but he was forbidden to accept a fee for his services. That would have been one of the best ideas the Romans ever had, if there had been some way to enforce that law effectively. Of course, as the Roman Republic declined and became more and more democratic, it became increasingly difficult to keep lawyers in check and prevent them from accepting fees under the table, and young men with more ambition than scruples flocked to the practice of law.
to have to look at everything in black and white, with no shades of gray. Our situation is like that of Perseus in attempting to cut off the head of Medusa: one look for Perseus and the game would have been lost. If our people listen to the reasonable Jews, to the supposedly patriotic Jews, the honest Jews, we fall under their spell again. If we let them give us advice on how to deal with their tricky tribesmen, it's like the country bumpkin meeting the carnival huckster all over again. So it's going to be a rough and unpleasant future for us for a while yet.
Additional reading:
Gordon Thomas, Gideon's Spies: The Secret History of the Mossad (St. Martins Press, 1999)
Steven Levy, The Unicorn's Secret: Murder in the Age of Aquarius (Penguin Books, 1988)
James Ennes, Jr., Assault on the Liberty (Random House, 1979)
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Special Treatment,” aired on March 13, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
For a successful Roman lawyer the essential skill was rhetoric. The Greeks had reduced rhetoric to a science — the science of persuasion — and a number of Greek rhetoricians set up schools of rhetoric in Rome. Tradition-minded Romans saw these rhetoric schools as a subversive influence: as an assault on Roman morals and customs. Cato the Censor commented early in the 2nd century BC that after listening to some of these clever Greeks it was impossible to know what was true and what was not. Some Greeks themselves shared Cato's view of the rhetoricians, and already two centuries before Cato, Plato had referred to them as notorious for “making the worse appear the better cause.” In 161 BC the Roman Senate ordered all of these Greek schools of rhetoric closed and their teachers expelled from Rome.
Alas, that provided only a momentary halt to the problem, and the rhetoricians and the lawyers were soon back in greater force than ever.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
13
The rhetoric schools were shut down again in 92 BC by the censors, who were Rome's official guardians of public morality, but again the cure was insufficient for the sickness. Trying to keep lawyers out of the Republic in its last days was like trying to keep maggots away from a dead horse.
And of course, the fact that there always has been an overabundance of men with more ambition than scruples wasn't the only reason for this; there also was the fact that there was a real need for lawyers. As long as we live in a society based on law, we need men to formulate laws, to administer laws, to interpret laws, and to help ordinary citizens cope with the laws. We also need safeguards to prevent laws and lawyers from swamping our society. We need safeguards to keep laws as simple as they can be while still serving their purpose, and to keep them from proliferating unnecessarily. We need safeguards to prevent lawyers from abusing the system. And unfortunately, these safeguards do not exist in our society. Lawyers are out of control. The legal system is out of control. The Romans at least tried to provide safeguards against the lawyers. We haven't even tried.
The reason we haven't tried is that we have in effect put the foxes in charge of the henhouse. The people we have put in charge of our legislative system and our judicial system are all lawyers themselves, and they are as a class not inclined to do anything to curtail their bread and butter or to limit their power and influence. The result is the sorry spectacle we witnessed in the U.S. Senate last week, when a bunch of crooked lawyers was called on to deal with another crooked lawyer who had been caught in flagrante delicto. The senators didn't really care that Clinton had broken the law. What they cared about was his popularity polls. They weren't concerned about having a felon and a reprobate in the White House; they were concerned about votes, about their own popularity polls. That's why we saw the Republican lawyers dancing all around the real issues and foiling to come to grips with them. That's why we saw Charles Schumer and other Democrat lawyers dancing the hora in the halls outside the Senate chamber after the
Cato the Censor
head lawyer of their party was acquitted. What a disgusting scene!
Well, it's easy enough to hate lawyers any day of the week on general principles, but I'll tell you about some very specific things the lawyers are up to now which ought to make a real lawyer-hater out of every patriot. What sparked today's comments was the jury verdict earlier this month against an anti-abortion group which has a site on the Internet. Probably you've already heard something about the case. A group of abortionists and their lawyers went to Federal court with a lawsuit against anti-abortion activists who used the Internet to publish “wanted” posters with photographs, names, and descriptions of abortionists. Rewards were offered for personal information on some of the abortionists. The anti-abortionists did not actually threaten the abortionists or urge anyone to harm them, but they did describe them as “baby butchers.” During the past five years four abortion doctors have been shot to death, and three other abortion-clinic workers have been killed by anti-abortionists, and whenever one of the abortionists was assassinated his name would have a line drawn through it on the Internet “wanted” list.
A Federal jury in Portland, Oregon, agreed with the lawyers for the abortionists that the public stand of the anti-abortionists might have encouraged the assassins to take action against the abortionists, and the jury ordered the anti-abortionists to pay more than $107 million to the abortionists and their lawyers.
Now, I should tell you that I am not opposed to all abortions on religious grounds, as most anti-abortion-ists are. I am opposed on racial grounds to the large-scale abortion for mere convenience that we have in the United States and much of Europe today. I am opposed to the large-scale killing of healthy, White babies, just because the mothers decide that it would be inconvenient for their careers or their life-styles to give birth.
I believe that the fact that the U.S. government and much of American society, with the vigorous encouragement of the mass media, approve of the large-scale abortion of healthy, White babies for the sake of convenience is a sign of the moral collapse of our society. I see a sign of moral collapse whenever the convenience of the individual is given precedence over the health and welfare of the race. And in line with this racial view, I approve of abortion whenever it serves a eugenic purpose.
My views on abortion, of course, are not the issue here. The issue is the .use of the courts, the use of the judicial system, to punish Political Incorrectness at the expense of everyone's freedom. And if you think that your freedom of speech is not jeopardized when a bunch of Jews and feminists can use the courts to silence their critics, as they did in Portland this month, then you aren't thinking very clearly.
I should point out that this $107 million verdict in Portland against anti-abortionists is only one case in a growing trend of using the courts to take away our freedom. In New York just last week another Federal jury ordered gun manufacturers to pay nearly $4 million in a lawsuit brought by gun-control advocates, even though none of the defendants had done anything unlawful, and no firearm they had manufactured could be tied to any specific wrongful action. They were found guilty on general grounds of being negligent by manufacturing guns which might be used by crimi-
© 1999* National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
rials to harm other people. This ver-diet is a direct threat to every American's right to self-defense. It is a threat to ail of us because the people who would like to keep anyone except the Clinton government's jackbooted thugs from having a firearm have decided to use civil litigation against gun manufacturers and gun dealers to achieve their aim.
Even before last week's New York verdict lawyers representing the cities of Chicago, New Orleans, Miami, and Bridgeport, Connecticut, had filed separate but similar lawsuits against gun manufacturers, claiming that the manufacturers have been negligent by failing to take effective steps to ensure that their guns do not end up in the hands of criminals. Lawyers for Adanta, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, and Baltimore are eager to follow with their own lawsuits. Some of these plaintiffs have been frank enough to admit that their aim is not so much to recover money from the gun-makers as it is to bankrupt them and force them out of business.
Many of the people associated with these lawsuits are prominent in the movement to repeal the Second Amendment. Philadelphia Mayor Edward Rendell heads a committee on gun control in the U.S. Conference of Mayors, which has been behind all of the lawsuits filed — or soon to be filed — against gun manufacturers by various cities. Rendell's committee works closely with a group of Democratic senators on the formulation of strategy for gun control — specifically with California Senator Diane Feinstein, New York Senator Charles Schumer, and New Jersey Senator Frank Lautenberg. All three senators are leaders of the gun-banning faction in the U.S. Senate — and all three are Jews, as is Mayor Edward Rendell himself.
The lawyers behind these class-action lawsuits against firearms manufacturers are following the example set by a series of successful class-action lawsuits against tobacco companies during the past couple of years. Let me tell you, I believe that smoking is an extremely harmful vice our society needs to rid itself of. The companies which sell tobacco products are in my view more morally reprehensible than the drug cartels which bring cocaine and heroin into America. Certainly tobacco kills far more addicts every
Charles Schumer
year than die from their addiction to cocaine, heroin, and all other addictive drugs combined. If it is illegal to import, sell, or possess heroin, then tobacco products also should be illegal.
The politicians, of course, are afraid to tackle the problem of nicotine addiction head-on. There are too many tobacco farmers and too many smokers in the United States. The politicians would lose too many votes. So instead of dealing with the tobacco problem in an honest and direct way they have misused the courts by filing class-action lawsuits against the tobacco companies.
The fact is that the tobacco companies are acting in a legal manner. Every package of cigarettes has a warning on it. No one who gets lung cancer or throat cancer from smoking can claim that he wasn't warned of the danger. That simple fact had been sufficient to protect die tobacco companies from lawsuits in the past — but not in the Clinton era. Things have become more democratic just in the last decade. Now just obeying the law isn't good enough. Now juries are buying the argument by plaintiffs' lawyers that tobacco companies should pay damages to people who didn't have the self-discipline to avoid becoming nicotine addicts; that antiabortion groups are responsible if someone is motivated by their antiabortion message to shoot an abortionist or blow up an abortion clinic; that firearms manufacturers must pay
if their guns fall into the hands of criminals or of people who are not intelligent enough to use them properly, even though they are manufactured and sold legally and are safe and effective when used properly. This is really a feminine argument — the argument that people should be protected from their own weakness or foolishness, that it's unfair — perhaps even racist — to put all the blame on criminals for criminal actions, and that no one should be permitted to say really harsh or unkind things against others, abortionists or otherwise. Juries have become more feminine in their attitudes, and lawyers are taking advantage of it.
The tobacco companies may be wealthy enough to withstand class-action lawsuits, but most firearms makers aren't, and certainly no anti-abortion group is. The result is that the courts in America are being used in a way that they never were intended to be used. They are being used by special-interest groups to silence their critics and to impose their social or political agendas on the rest of us against our wills. And the lawyers, instead of opposing this misuse of the judicial system, are in a feeding frenzy. Hundreds of lawyers have become wealthy from these class-action lawsuits, and thousands of others are hoping to do the same.
Of course, it's not just the greed and irresponsibility of lawyers as a class which should be blamed for this misuse of the courts. As is the case with most of the ills afflicting our society today, the Jews — and not just Jewish lawyers — have a role in it. Jewish groups have been screaming for months that the wave of killings of abortionists is motivated by anti-Semitism, since a majority of the abortionists who have been shot have been Jews. Jewish groups have been especially shrill about this since the shooting of the Jewish abortionist Dr. Barnett Slepian near Buffalo, New York, last October 23. The fact is that Jews are gready overrepresented among abortionists, just as they are among those pushing for gun control; if you shoot into a crowd of abortion doctors you're likely to kill a Jew. Jewish groups, however, are convinced that most anti-abortionists are also at least latendy anti-Semitic. And so Jews generally have encouraged these
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 1999
15
lawsuits and cheered the recent verdicts.
And of course, the most notorious use of class-action lawsuits has been their use by Jewish organizations who currendy are extorting billions of dollars from banks, insurance companies, governments, and manufacturers around the world in the form of Second World War reparations. Considering everything, to speak out against class-action lawsuits almost could be interpreted as anti-Semitic.
A similar misuse of the courts — which need not involve a whole class of plaintiffs — is that engaged in most notoriously by a lawyer named Morris Dees and the so-called Southern Poverty Law Center. Morris Dees uses the courts as a prop to assist him in raising money from a large mailing list of feminists, Jews, leftists, and other supporters of the Clinton agenda. He looks for a group which is unpopular with his supporters — a group of anti-abortionists, for example, or a religious group with a doctrine his Jewish supporters consider anti-Semitic — then he looks for a plaintiff he can use as a straw man for filing a lawsuit against the target group. Then he sends out fund appeals to his list of feminists, Jews, and leftists, in which he says:
"I am suing such-and-such a group, and I intend to bankrupt them and put them out of business, but I need your help. This lawsuit is very expensive. Send me your largest possible donation today, and I will shut this group down for you."
And he has built up a bank account of more than $70 million in this fashion during the past few years, because he always brings in far more money with his fund appeals than he actually spends on litigation against the target groups.
Using the courts in this fashion is called barratry, and lawyers who engaged in barratry used to be disbarred — but not in the Clinton era. In the Clinton era Morris Dees is a darling of the legal establishment. He is invited to speak to groups of lawyers. He is given awards by bar associ-
A recent Morris Dees fund raising publication which features Dr. Pierce on the cover.
ations. Other lawyers admire him for his success at barratry. They envy him for the amount of money he has made at it. And Dees, unlike the group of abortionists who won the lawsuit in Portland recendy and unlike most of the gun-control advocates filing lawsuits against gun manufacturers, doesn't even pretend to be anything but a barrator. He brags publicly about it. When he sued me, on a legal theory so far-fetched you wouldn't believe it, because I had purchased some real estate from a church that was one of his targets, he bragged to the newspapers and to his list of supporters: “I'm going to shut Pierce down.”
Well, he didn't shut me down, but he got his lawsuit against me tried in a court where the judge was a Clinton appointee, and it ended up costing me nearly $150,000, while Dees raked in nearly $10 million in donations from his supporters. At the moment he is suing another unpopu-
lar church in Idaho and soliciting donations from his list of leftists, feminists, and Jews to support the suit. And other lawyers will not condemn him. They just envy him.
Morris Dees, more than any other lawyer, epitomizes what is wrong with our legal system in America today. He helps us to understand why there has been a general feeling among our people, from the time of Plato to the present — a feeling expressed over and over by our writers down through the millennia — that there is something fundamentally unclean about men whose profession it is to make the worse cause seem the better, to use Plato's words, or to prove that white is black and black is white, according as they are paid, to use Swift's words. The noble Romans considered such a profession to be un-Roman, and today we consider it to be un-Aryan.
Our legal system has become a system of lawyers, run entirely by lawyers, solely for the enrichment of lawyers. It is a malignant system which threatens the freedom of us all and which does not have the will to cure itself. It is because of this that the cure will have to come from outside the legal system and will have to be a very painful cure indeed. Someday, in a new society, we will have to build a new legal system. Let us not make the same mistakes we made — and that, the Romans made before us. Let us build a system with adequate safeguards: a system to serve the race, not the lawyers.
Additional Reading
Stanley F. Bonner, Education in Ancient Rome: From the Elder Cato to the Younger Pliny (University of California Press, 1977)
Jonadian Swift. Gulliver's Travels (London, 1726), chapter 5.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Lawyers,” aired on February 20, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
1	Subscribe	to	Free	Speech	\
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
Name. —............................................     Enclose	$40	for

Address:
a one year subscription to Free Speech
Mail to:
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
!

© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year