FREE SPEECH • SEPTEMBER 1996 • VOLUME II, NO. 9
Nelson Rosit, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per annum, including special offers and quantity discounts on tapes and printed materials from National Vanguard Books; Defenders of the First Amendment who donate $300 per year or more will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for publication.
wmmmmmmmrnmmmmimm.
IN If II IS LSSUK




Hlggilililill
■lilliilllS
Pizza Racism and Other Servings
by Kevin Alfred Strom
When the enemies of our people first began to promote racial integration and non-White immigration three decades and more ago they told us that what they were proposing was just “fairness" and “equal opportunity." They insisted that our society would not change substan-tially, that we would just be “sharing” it with a few long-suffering, “disadvaii' taged” victims of “discrimination."
When patriots protested that the real purpose of the “integration* program was not fairness but racemixing and the genetic destruction of the White race we were viciously attacked as “haters" and “extremists." While in private the enemies of our people approved of and desired nothing more than “integration"
at the DNA level, in public they pooh-poohed the possibility that “civil rights” laws or Third World immigration would have such an effect.
Now it is painfully evident that the “racist extremists” were absolutely right. Now racial mixing is being actively and disgustingly promoted in every avenue possible. It is being promoted by the Jews and the corporate billionaires on the electromagnetic waves of television and radio. It is being printed onto millions of miles of photographic emulsions. It is being engraved in the ones and zeroes of digital disks and diskettes. It is being printed on forest upon forest’s worth of newsprint and magazine paper.
It is also abundantly clear that the “racist extremists” were absolutely right when they said our society would be profoundly changed by Third World im-
migration and by the “integration" program. Our great cities should have progressed triumphantly into the 21st century: Instead they are now regressing to the level of the jungle.
A recent wire service article from Britain shows that America is not alone in suffering the slow suicide of multiracial ism. Let me share with you some excerpts from this report, entitled “Portraits of a Love with No Colour Bar":
BRITAIN — Four out of ten young black men who are married or in steady relationships live with white women, according to Government figures.
The first full national oensus study of ethnic minorities in Britain also shows that 40 per cent of black children are in single parent families This is a striking contrast to the 15 per cent of white children and ten percent of Asian youngsters in the same situation. The single parent family is so much a part
Free speech for September 1996
i
SIDNEY POITIER IN TO SIR WITH LOVE
In this 1967 British movie reality is inverted as Poitier, a Black high school teacher in London, civilizes a group of rowdy White students. Thirty years of such integra-tionist propaganda disseminated through the news and entertainment media has borne bitter fruit in Britain — hundreds of thousands of mulatto children.
of Caribbean tradition, says the report, that more than a quarter of Britain’s black population lives in one.
The figures — w hich come from detailed analysis of the 1991 census, in which race was a question for the first time — show a widening of the ethnic mix, with increasing numbers of white women taking black husbands or lovers.
The women, many middle-class and well educated, are giving birth to a new generation of mixed-race children.
Researchers estimate that by the early 1990s out of a total ethnic population of
350.000	children aged under four,
70.000	were of mixed race. The 40 per cent of men of Caribbean origin w ho have chosen w hite partners are aged 16 to 34. Around 20 per cent of black Caribbean women in the same age group are married or in steady relationships with white men.
. ..In the Caribbean, there is a tradition of couples having children without being legally married According to the report, they either live together or are joined in a regular sexual partnership known as a 'visiting union.’ There is an emphasis on the mother-child bond and a lack of emphasis on the conjugal one.
Of course the “Caribbean tradition” the writer talks about is really nothing of the kind. It's an African tradition. It's so persistent, this absent-father syndrome, among those of African ancestry that it exists to some degree wherever Blacks are found,
The absent-father syndrome is a problem for the Africans. It should not be a
problem for us. It has become a problem because we are stupid enough to subsidize it and because the behavior of Whites is negatively affected by social integration with Blacks. The real problem, however, in every White country, not just Britain, is the nuclear warfare taking place. I’m not talking about the fission or fusion of hydrogen atoms. I’m talking about something far more deadly — far more dangerous. I’m talking about the death of our race by warfare taking place at the level of the cellular nucleus. I’m talking about the warfare against our race by the union of our genetic material with those of other races, a process which can never be undone and which means death for us far more surely than does warfare by hydrogen bomb.
After the recent bombing in Atlanta, Georgia, the controlled media were very quick to air footage of bomb-making plans supposedly available on the Internet. I think I can be forgiven for suspecting that they had the tapes already cued up and ready to roll. They are chomping at the bit in their zeal to scare the boobs into supporting censorship of the ’Net. They show us bomb plans on the ’Net but do not show us bomb plans available in thousands of libraries and from the Government Printing Office.
Our opponents have also created a false link between so-called “racism” and pornography by constantly pairing them in their shrill calls for governmental controls on electronic speech.
But when those who support mul-ticulturalism talk violently or wave weapons and bomb-making books around the controlled media keep their silence and smile approvingly. Consider this report we received from the Aryan News Agency:
The mueic group Rag# Against The Machine has a new album out called B/il Empire, which is number one on the music charts. There was recently a re port about them on MTV, They Inter-
viewed two members of the band who appear to be mulattos. To let the audience know the “political ideals”of the band one had a baseball cap with the word “commie" on the front.
They have extreme ...[leftist] political messages in their music. I noticed the album cover for B/il Empire has a young, blue-eyed White boy on it in a super-herolike costume [showing the audience they are aiming for]. Inside the album they have a list of “suggested reading,” which, according to MTV, includes books about the Black Panthers, Mumia Abu-Jamal, guerrilla warfare, and [an infamous bomb-making manual] called The Anarchist Cookbook.
They said they hope to attract people to their political beliefs with their music. Where are the media and critics who call for the banning of White Power groups and albums due to their content? Do we see any calls for boycotts of record stores that sell this album? No! Instead, this group is promoted on television and radio and they are considered thought-provoking young intellectuals. The double-standard that exists in our society is overwhelmingly against anything White and will promote anything that is anti-White.
Indeed. And I must mention another gross instance of media hypocrisy.
When Nichols and McVeigh were arrested for allegedly setting off the bomb at the Federal Building in Oklahoma City it was almost supernatural how the media spin doctors went into action blaming the bombing on “ racists,” despite the fact that one of the suspected pair was married to a non-White and must be presumed to be an anti-racist. They made much of the fact that Timothy McVeigh, like hundreds of thousands of other people around the world, had read the novel The Turner Diaries. But did these same controlled media tell you that the suspected Unabomber read, studied, underlined sections of, and made copious notes in the margins of another book? Did these same controlled media tell you that this other book was found among the few possessions in the suspect eco-terrorist’s remote cabin hideout? Was this book on their list of the other books which were found there? Did they call tor suppression of this book and others like it in print or on the Internet? No, of course not. What was this “inspiring" work, so influential in Theodore Kaczyn-ski’s thinking? It is entitled Earth in the Balance, and it was written by a man named A1 Gore, Jr., who just happens to be vice president of the United States.
©1996 National |	Book)	Bax	330	Hilhbaro	WV	14946	$40/year
Let us look, for a moment, at terrorism from a different perspective. A very large percentage of the terrorism in the United States is not the result of domestic issues. For years the FBI listed the Jewish Defense League and its allies as the greatest domestic terrorists, though the Jewish-dominated media never told you that. And no one could possibly be unaware of the terrorist threat from radical Arab groups outraged at America’s support for Israeli murder and conquest.
My question is this: Why are we allowing these Middle Easterners, these
Free Speech for September 1996
non-Americans and non-Whites, to bring their quarrels and wars and killings and bombings over here.7 While I understand the anger felt by Arabs at the Jewish theft of their land and slaughtering of their people, and while I say that all American support for the Israeli state should be ended immediately, I think we should insist that these Middle Easterners fight their wars on their own turf. The multiracialists brought them here, and they are responsible for the deaths of innocent American men, women, and children. If they are so fond of “diver-
VICE PRESIDENT AL GORE Gore's book, Earth In the Balance, may well have inspired the Unabomber to act Yet the media never blamed the vice president for inciting violence
3
sity” and the death it brings, let them go too.
But we have foolishly allowed aliens to rule over us, to own our media and dominate our government. I often point out the destructive effects of Jewish power in the United States, but letting any alien group have power over our people is a sin that cannot be forgiven.
Recently a group in Congress led by Republican Senator Alan Simpson managed to shift the balance of power just enough so that it looked as though a cut in legal immigration quotas might pass. As Simpson put it:
Polls clearly show that some 70 per cent, of Americans favor reductions in both illegal and legal immigration. Two-thirds of our immigration is legal, so trying to reduce illegal immigration alone is not sufficient.
The Knight-Ridder News service reports that:
Currently, the U.S. issues an unlimited [!] number of visas for the foreign-born spouses, parents and minor children of its citizens, about 250,000 a year.
An additional 226,000 visas are available for the adult children, brothers and sisters of citizens, and for the spouses and minor children of legal permanent residents who do not yet have citizen status.
In addition, 140,000 visas are available to employers who seek to hire foreign workers, and 55,000 visas are available through a lottery.
Simpson proposed to cut each of these categories and to cap family reunification visas at 480,000, a proposal that would have reduced legal immigration by a third over the next three years....
Mr. Simpson’s proposal is a very modest proposal indeed, and hardly sufficient to solve our out-of-control immigration problem. But another Republican, Senator Spencer Abraham of Michigan, was determined that immigration quotas not be reduced. With procedural nods from Republican nabobs like Bob Dole, he initiated moves that killed the quota reductions. Leftist pro-immigration groups were ecstatic, and the controlled media began to heap praise on Abraham for his “compassion," for his support, for what he himself called “open borders and ethnic diversity." Abraham further stated:
I felt It was important for the party to be out front on this side of the issue rather than to be seen as a natlvist party that
01 996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hilliboro WV 24946 $40/year
4
Free Speech for September 1996
wag hostile to people who came from diverse ethnic backgrounds.
The libertarian Cato Institute, another supporter of unlimited Third World immigration, also gave credit where credit was due. Their spokesman Stuart Anderson said:
If Spencer Abraham hadn’t been elected to the U.S. Senate, we would have seen cuts to legal immigration this year....
Frank Sharry, the executive director of the pro-immigration “National Immigration Forum," stated:
For some of us, it was the first time we'd ever met with a Republican senator. And I remember thinking I didn't know what to expect. It was like 'This guy's speaking to me.' It's affected my entire view of the Republican Party.
Isn’t it wonderful, friends? Now the multiracialists will have two parties to choose from, while White Americans have none. It seems terrible from a conservative point of view — there is no representation for traditional White Americans at all in the current establishment. But for those who know that the current establishment is an utterly rotten occupation regime, it is actually a positive development. It bodes well for the awakening of our people and their ultimate abandonment of the sellout political gangs called Democrats and Republicans.
I almost forgot to mention that “heroic* Spencer Abraham is an Arab of
Lebanese descent, and he has just given us an object lesson in what happens when you are stupid enough to think that the race of your leaders does not matter.
LAWRENCEVILLE, NJ - The Lawrenceville School Board declared last month that henceforth a new holiday would be added to their schedule. It was to be called “Million Man March Day," but disappointed school board members canceled it when they discovered that the march was not an annual event, according to school board president Lincoln Green. Had the march been annual as they had hoped, the holiday would have taken the place of Veteran’s Day, which had been eliminated from the schedule.
Have you heard of the latest burning issue in San Francisco’s Black community? It’s “Pizza Racism."
The following is from an ANA wire report:
SAN FRANCISCO — Domino's “ 30 minutes or it's free policy'' could grow you a beard in San Francisco’s urban housing projects.
Plagued by robberies and even murders, pizza shops and other delivery businesses from FedEx to florists stay out of the projects. Willie Kennedy, San Francisco's former city supervisor, who lives in the tough Bay view/Hunter’s Point district, calls it "racism.’’ She was quoted as saying that the reason for no pizza delivery in the projects 'can only be because we are black people.’
Apparently trying to stay alive is now racism.
Kennedy stated, ’This neighborhoods been ostracized. They think every African-American is a criminal.' Before retiring in May, Kennedy pushed through an ordinance requiring businesses that make deliveries to make deliveries to all neighborhoods. Businesses responded by stopping delivery services altogether. Dorothy Erlich, executive director of the ACLU of Northern California, calls the law an important 'commitment to civil rights.’
The California Restaurant Association protested the law, saying it violates federal occupational health and safety laws, which make it illegal to force workers into hazardous situations. The restaurateurs also warn that workers’ compensation premiums would increase drastically. Supporters countered by saying that the fines imposed were a fair way to stop racism and that Blacks needed the law to allow them to sue recalcitrant businesses. They also stated that the law a model for localities everywhere.
The Board of Supervisors has now softened the measure by allowing delivery services to refuse to go to certain homes if they have a 'good faith’ belief that so doing would be 'an unreasonable risk of harm.'
In Kennedy's absence, the addendum passed unanimously.
Just imagine a multi-million dollar lawsuit for failure to deliver a pizza to a Negro in the projects! It’s coming. Stranger things will happened. America, you have truly gone insane.
This article is based on the American Disrt-dent Voices program “Pizza Racism," aired on August 24, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid. j
Subscribe to Free Speech I
You may have received this copy of Free Speech as a sample issue.
If so, you will want your own subscription.
You can receive twelve issues for only $40.
Your subscription will help to keep you informed, qualify you for quantity discounts on many of our publications, and assist us in buying air time for our radio outreach.
lie part of the solution. Subscribe today!
National Vanguard Books

01996 NmmusI Vanguard books box JJO Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/Vw
Fri t Speech for September 1996
5
Understanding Our Enemies
The U.S. Government and News Media Are Waging a Propaganda
War Against White Americans
by Dr. William Pierce
I spoke a couple of months ago about the exploitation by the government and the media of Blade church burnings. I discussed the way in which the Clinton administration and the controlled news media were claiming these burnings were the work of organized White racists, without a shred of evidence to support their daim.
I pointed out in my earlier broadcast that it was possible that a couple of boozed-up Kluxers might have started one or two of the fires, but that as many Blacks as Whites had been arrested in the burnings, that collecting insurance money was a more likely motive than racism, and that it was very unlikely that any organized White group was involved. As time passes, it becomes clearer that our analysis of the situation was on target, and that of the government and the media was not. Sure enough, the government has arrested a couple of Kluxers for burning two churches, and sure enough they^ve been unable to find any White racist conspiracy, no matter how hard they've tried. I suspect the issue of burning Black churches will now lade quietly into the background, just like a thousand other phony issues before it.
Another of these phony issues was the painting of swastikas on the barracks doors of several Black soldiers' rooms at the Army's Fort Bragg, in North Carolina, a lew weeks ago. The politicians and the media raised another big hullabaloo about "White racism* in tfie military and called
for a new crackdown on what they like to call “hate crimes.* The military brass were so panicked by the media fuss that White soldiers were confined to their barracks while the matter was being investigated. When it turned out that two Black soldiers had done the swastika painting, the issue quietly faded away. The people in the media who had been making the biggest fuss about “White racism* before the two Blacks were caught weren’t even embarrassed. They just moved on to another phony issue and kept beating the drums about “White racism.*
Now, one of the reasons why these media people weren’t embarrassed is that many of them belong to a race which is biologically incapable of feeling shame. And the ones who don’t belong to that race have trained themselves to think and behave just like their Jewish bosses. That’s one of the reasons for the shameless behavior of the controlled media.
A more important reason, however, is one that I mentioned briefly in my
earlier talk with you. The criminals in the government and in the media who have been lying to us and taking advantage of us and wrecking our society for so long now are desperate to keep normal, decent, working White men and women morally disarmed, to keep us on the defensive, to keep us feeling guilty and confused, because they know that if we ever begin thinking clearly, if we ever take stock of our situation, if we ever decide to straighten out the mess they’ve made of things, there will be hell to pay. They know that if White Americans ever wake up and get their act together, most of the media bosses and the politicians won’t live more than a day or two before they’re hunted down and dealt with.
Let’s look at the details of what’s happening. 1 talked a little about this earlier, but we need to go over it again and again, until everyone understands it. One of the things we talked about before was that it’s not just the media criminals and the politicians who want to keep us morally disarmed. It’s also the whole Clinton coalition— including the ones who vote Republican. It’s all of the freaks and the perverts and the minorities who see their own interests tied to the status quo. It’s everyone who can’t make it on his own in a normal, healthy society and so depends on the government in one way or another.
It’s the members of the welfare class, who’ve come to believe that they really deserve to be supported by the rest of us and who realize that they'll be strictly on their own and will have to either work or starve if the productive people ever reassert themselves.
It’s the crazed feint-
BLACK CHURCH ABLAZE IN NORTH CAROLINA The eensational coverage of reoent church fires by the media was calculated to produce feelings of guilt and confusion among White people
01996 National Vanguard liuokt Box 3)0 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/ytar
6
msts, who are afraid that they won’t be able to be Air Force generals or military school cadets or top corporate executives it the government’s drive to ban tradi-tional sex roles is halted.
It’s the homosexuals and other degenerates, who depend on a police state to tbrce people to tolerate their behavior.
It’s the members of all the non-White minorities— the Blacks and the mestizos and the Asians and the rest— who know they’ll be sent packing to live among their own kind instead of continuing to drag us down into a multiracial and multicultural and mongrelized chaos.
All of these people have an instinctive understanding that they have to keep us feeling sorry for them, feeling guilty for wanting to be rid of them, feeling too confused to look out for the interests of our own people, our own civilization. They know that if we ever regain our wits, their goose will be cooked.
Finally, there’s one other bunch of people who have an interest in keeping normal, working White men and women confused with lies about Black church burnings and swastika-painted barracks doors. Those are the liberal trendies who grew up during the Vietnam era and now are heavily entrenched in the government, the media, and the educational establishment. During the Vietnam conflict the Jewish leaders of Students for a Democratic Society, Americans for Democratic Action, the National Student Association, the Student Mobilization Committee, and a hundred other leftist organizations were using the war as a pretext to turn American society upside down.
These groups had virtually taken over the university campuses in America, because the university administrators were afraid that rhey would be accused of anti-Semitism if they took a stand against them. And the trendy airheads on the campuses, who had been spoiled rotten by a permissive upbringing, easily fell for the propaganda of these organizations, which essentially told them that they could do whatever they wanted to and had no responsibility to anyone or anything. In particular, they could avoid military service and continue smoking dope, partying, and going to rock concerts, These were the Bill Ointon typesi the rotten, selfish, little bastards who got a big kick out of parading around with
Frfh Speech for September 1996
Viet Cong flags and thumbing their noses at mommy, daddy, and their country. Not all of them grew up to be chosen President of the United States by the media and the political bosses, but they did grow up to have a powerful grip on our schools and other institutions. They are still irresponsible, they are still essentially hedonist in their outlook, they still believe that they should be able to get away with anything, so long as the government— now in their hands— won’t let mommy and daddy spank them for it.
Of course, that’s just a figure of speech. These liberals, now approaching middle age, aren’t really worried any longer about being spanked for making mud pies or smoking dope or having Viet Cong flags in their dormitory rooms. But they are worried that if normal, decent, responsible White Americans ever get the upper hand again, the aging liberal trendies will be dragged out of their offices and their condos and their country clubs and beaten to within a quarter-inch of their lives for the mess they’ve made of things, for what they’ve done to our world, to the heritage that our ancestors struggled and bled to preserve. They’re worried that a lot of them will end up swinging from the end of a rope. And, believe me, that’s a well justified worry.
So, all of this is why we keep having our faces rubbed in “White guilt” with phony White racist conspiracies to burn Black churches or intimidate Black soldiers with swastikas. This is why we’re lied to by the government and the media. This is why Bill Clinton wants to shut down radio programs which are critical of the government. This is why the media folks become hysterical whenever new signs of popular opposition to the government become visible, whether in the form of a terrorist bombing or a group merely wanting to be left alone, like the Branch Davidians or the Montana Freemen. It’s why we have a major assault underway on the First and Second Amendments by left-wing academics, who want to limit what we can say and also take away our means to protect our right to say it. It's why any questioning of even the most far-fetched “Holocaust* claims or any comment about the Jewish control of the mass media or any scientific inquiry into racial differences or any public statement which might offend feminists or homosexuals or non-Whites
brings such an intolerant, closed, minded, and spiteful response from the liberal/Jewish/media/government sec. tor. It’s an attack on their coalition. It may be a sign that we’re waking up. Remember what they did to poor Marge Schott when she made a couple of comments they deemed offensive?
They really are afraid that we’ll wake « up. They really are desperate to keep us confused, demoralized, and on the defensive. They know that if we ever go on the offensive, they will be finished. Our job, the task of American Dissident Voices, is to wake our people up, to help them straighten out their thinking, to give them moral courage, and to prepare them to take the offensive.
That’s a formidable task. The majority of our people have let themselves be convinced that a normal, healthy, instinctive racial attitude— the desire to live and work and play and mate with one’s own kind, what our enemies call “racism”— is wicked. Our enemies call this healthy, natural racial attitude a “sickness.” They have been able to make many of us feel guilty for having such an attitude, much like the prudes of a century ago were able to make many people feel guilty for having a normal, healthy interest in the opposite sex.
So we can understand the motives of the elements who are destroying America and destroying our people, the motives of the filthy creatures who are deliberately sapping the will of our people to resist this destruction by pumping poisonous propaganda into our minds. We can understand their motives. They want to live too, but their way of life is to suck our life blood, to cling like leeches to our society and warp it to fit their needs, and they know that they can only do this by keeping us confused and morally debilitated. They know that if we become morally healthy again, they will die. We can understand that.
We can even understand how they accomplish their destructive work. We can understand both the organizational aspects and the psychological aspects. It’s easy enough to understand why the controlled media are so ferociously deter mined to keep the flood of Third World immigrants pouring across our borders, why they become hysterical whenever anyone suggests restricting immigration, and why the government refuses to do more than make the flimsiest pretext of
OJ996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/ynw
guarding our borders. Every Mexican and every Haitian and every Vietnamese and every Chinaman who sneaks into the country is a new member of their coalition against White America.
There are other aspects of this numbers problem too. Every sexually confused kid who grows up in one of these "modern," mixed-up families without strong sexual role models and ends up being lured into the homosexual life style is a new recruit for their coalition. That helps us understand the hatred the Clin-tonistas have for the traditional family and for traditional sex roles.
It’s the psychological war our enemies have been waging against us which we must address before we can hope to do much about their efforts to outnumber us and divide us, however. We White people have a fatal compulsion to be "nice": to try very hard not to give offense or hurt the feelings of others. Actually this compulsion wasn't a bad trait in past centuries, when our society was racially and culturally homogeneous. It’s a trait which serves as a social lubricant, minimizing conflict and abetting cooperation. But it really has been used against us by Jews and other non-Whites now living among us. There are far too many of our people who are bright enough to understand what’s happening to our world, but who just can’t bring themselves to say or do anything about it, because they’ve let themselves be persuaded that would be bad manners. It’s rude to talk about racial differences, because if a non-White overheard it his feelings might be hurt. It’s not polite to discuss the effects on our society of Jewish media control, because such a discussion is offensive to Jews.
Does it hurt our feelings to be called “honky" or “goy" or "gringo"? Not really. We listen without objection to the most scathing crit icism of our people and our ways by aliens, but we’re afraid to criticize them for fear of hurting their feelings. Republican Presidential candidate Bob Dole has told us that he won’t even use the word "alien" in talking about the immigration problem, because he’s afraid that would be offensive to aliens, who don’t like to be reminded of their irregular status* it will be a real struggle for some of us to put racial survival ahead of politeness.
In addition to convincing us that any diiK^frftion of the real issues we are facing
Free Speech for September 1996
would be bad manners, our enemies have made good use of the psychological trick of pretending to be weak and helpless, because they have discovered that we have a trait, apparently unique among the races of man, of feeling sorry for those who are helpless. When we are confronted with an obviously dangerous and aggressive enemy, who scowls and threatens as he advances toward us with a weapon, we know what to do. But if that same enemy shuffles toward us with his eyes averted and his hat in his hands, begging for a little welfare, we feel guilty for even thinking about chasing him away or killing him, no matter how strongly we would like to avoid his company.
Try that trick in Africa or Asia, and it will get you killed in a hurry, but in Europe and North America it works. Some of us are so overwhelmed with feelings of racial guilt, after being pumped full of propaganda about how our ancestors mistreated the defenseless Brown man, and the helpless Black man, and the poor, inoffensive Jew, that we have become moral basket cases and can’t defend ourselves today, even when we can see all around us the depredations that non-Whites are making against our people.
And so now we can understand the reason for all of the headlines in the controlled media about “ hate crimes” by White skinheads against poor, inoffensive non-Whites in our cities today and for all of the Hollywood films about the way the wicked White settlers abused the unsuspecting and unresisting Indians a century ago. Now we can understand why they invent White racist conspiracies to burn down Black churches.
They play on our reluctance to give offense, on our inability to resist an aggressor who pretends to be helpless, and on the ease with which we can be morally paralyzed by artificially induced feelings of guilt. These are powerful weapons they use against us. They use them with diabolical skill. All of us have felt the powerful temptation, even when we understood what they were doing to us, just to be nice, not to resist, not to oppose them.
What they are doing to us is almost hypnotic. "It is so easy for you to remain asleep," they tell us. "It is so easy just to h* us have our way," their propaganda tells us. "It is so easy just to let your
7
people die, let your civilization fall into ruin, let us have it ail. No one will blame you for that,” they smile. “That’s the polite way. Don’t resist us. Just let us have it all. That’s the way to soothe your guilt. That’s the way to avoid criticism. That's the easy way." Over and over and over again, that’s their message for us: "Don’t resist.” And then more guilt-inducing stories about the Jewish "Holocaust," about burning Black churches, and about White terrorists— and then heartwarming stories about struggling Third World immigrants working hard to achieve the American dream. Over and over.
Yes, we understand these tactics of our enemies. Understanding them is not the same as overcoming them, of course. But understanding is a necessary first step. What we must do after we have wiped the sleep from our eyes and flushed our enemies’ poisonous propaganda from our minds is reestablish contact with our instinct, with our inner wisdom. That wisdom will tell us that the guilt we feel because our ancestors did what they thought was necessary to protect our people, to gain new living space for us, and to build the civilization that we inherited from them— that is false guilt.
One does not become guilty for doing anything which is necessary or helpful for the survival or progress of one's people in this competitive and unforgiving world. Guilt comes from failing to accept the responsibility we have to our own people. Guilt comes from letting ourselves be deceived by our enemies. Guilt comes from losing the struggle for survival.
And our inner wisdom also will tell us that we can be polite once again, we can concern ourselves with not hurting anyone’s feelings once again, when we have cleared away the last threat to our people and once more are living only among ourselves.
And with this wisdom guiding us, we will be immune to the deceit ot our enemies, and we will overcome them.
lliis article is based on the American Piiri* deni Voices program, "Understanding Our Enemies ,* aired on August 31, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available Iran National Vanguaid Books tor $12.95 postpaid.	|
<01996 National Vanguard Books But 330 Htlhbwv WV 24946 $4Q/ytar
Frff SPEECH for September 1996
8
White Guilt and the "Holocaust"
The “Holocaust” Is One Component in a Psychological War	>
by lan McKinney
This month I am writing about the “Holocaust." This term, unless referring to an ancient sacrificial rite or the consumption of an object or place by fire, should always be put inside quotation marks.
Nobody denies that the conflict between the Jews and Germans was a central part of World War II. Hundreds of thousands of Jews, many of them non-combatants, died in that conflict along with several million Germans.
However, the “Holocaust* establishment has fashioned the “Holocaust" into a powerful psychological weapon with which to bludgeon White Americans (Americans!). They imply that in some sense we are responsible for the supposed deaths of “six million Jews” and that we must now pay penance, not only to the Jews, but to non-Whites everywhere for the “sins” of our race. This libel must not remain unchallenged. “Holocaust” propaganda is one of the legs upon which stands the edifice of “White guilt.” But it is a very shaky leg indeed, and we do ourselves no credit if we can't take the trouble to kick it out.
“Holocaust” promoters justify their activities, in part, by bemoaning the activities of the Revisionist historians who question the standard version of World War II. This justification seems a bit lame when you consider that for well over fifty years America has been inundated by literally thousands of books, magazine^ newspapers, movies, and alleged “documentaries* about the “liolocaust,* while up until the last few years “Holocaust* Revisionism was, as far as the general public was concerned, almost
Until quite recently most Americans and Europeans just accepted the Jewish version of World War 11 history as fail-For example, we all heard the story that die Germans produced soap which was supposedly extracted from the fat taken
from the bodies of murdered Jews. Well, this ridiculous nonsense has been debunked so thoroughly now that it has been quietly dropped by the “Holocaust” establishment, although one stills sees it pop up from time to time in the popular media.
Another fraudulent story that circulated in the early days of “Holocaust” promotion was that Jews, instead of being gassed, were “steamed” to death. Then there was yet another fabricated story in which the Germans used electricity to kill Jews using large “electrocution” chambers. Another story was that the Germans killed Jews by driving over them with “heavy motor lorries.” It didn’t matter that there was absolutely no proof to substantiate these wild claims.
The public would believe almost anything they were told. The Germans had to be evil since we had just sacrificed so many of our boys to destroy them. Our cause just had to be noble, and no dissenting voice was heard. (Of course this was long before the World Wide Web provided a forum for dissenting views. No wonder Jewish groups are now so frantic to establish some control over the Web.) It didn’t matter that no one could produce even one bar of soap that was actually made from human fat. It didn’t matter that nothing resembling a steam or electrocution chamber could be located anywhere in Europe. It didn’t matter that so many of these colorful “eyewitness" accounts turned out to be absurd and impossible lies. Each of these stories was believed by millions of naive people, and each was shamelessly promoted for decades.
So now we’re left with one last fantastic “Holocaust” story: the alleged killing of six million Jews using execution gas chambers. But unlike fifty years ago, we now have K number of courageous Revisionists asking questions that are apparently very embarrassing to the * 1 i olocaust ” est ablish ment.
First, they are asking just how did the
establishment arrive at the magic figure of “six million” in the first place? Ju« what real proof do they have? And has there ever been any physical evidence to prove that Adolf Hitler ever ordered the gassing of even one Jew, let alone the alleged “six million”? Well, the proof has never been provided.
A few years ago the new government in Poland abandoned some of the claims made by the former Communist regime and quietly revised the figures for deaths at the Auschwitz work camp downward by 2.5 million. This reduction was reported in the New York Times and by the major wire services, though the implications for the sacred “six million* figure were not mentioned.
How many times since then have you heard the old “six million” figure thrown about in the media with absolutely no mention of the admitted correction of the wartime atrocity propaganda by 2.5 million persons?
The exposure of many of the mote outlandish “Holocaust” whoppers and the significant reduction in the numbers claimed to have died in German concentration camps have not stopped the figure of “six million” from taking on an almost religious significance. It has become so ingrained in the public's psyche that any effort to bring reality into the situation, it is apparently feared, might start the public thinking forbidden thoughts.
Even more significant are the records captured from the camps in eastern Europe by the advancing Communist armies which were recently made available from the KGB archives. It accepted, these records show that deaths in the camps were fur, far less than that now admitted tor Auschwitz alone — on the order of hundreds of thousands, not millions. And certainly only a fraction of these persons were deliberately killed- It these figures were widely publicized the public might start to view all the “Holocaust” hysteria as “much ado about nothing." They might start to see some liars
QJ996 National Vangwr
i tkfokt Bu* | JO Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
for what they are.
Probably most people really would not care whether the Jewish establishment wants to claim 6 million, 3.5 million, or 150,000, and certainly if we were talking about anything except the “Holocaust" it would be thought to be very good news indeed to discover that millions of persons, who were previously thought to have died, had actually survived. However we are not talking about any other historical event. The real reason for the fanatical adherence to the “six million" figure has much more to do with politics, power, and money than with history.
Ideally, historical inquiry is an objective endeavor where evidence is weighed
ana an nonest errort is maae to determine what actually happened. However, the atmosphere surrounding the “Holocaust" is anything but objective. Tilings have gone so far that countries like Canada, Germany, and France have actually prosecuted individuals just for questioning the conventional version of the “Holocaust."
Even here in America, where it is not yet illegal to publicly ask the wrong questions, any public figure that does so is subjected to smears, intimidation, and the attempted destruction of his career and reputation by organized Jewry and the very cooperative media whores.
The publicity obtained by Jewish groups when they hunt down some 80-year-old concentration camp guard and try him as a “war criminal" in a kangaroo court is of highly questionable value even from the Jewish point of view. Yet they pursue such individuals with avid intensity. Why are they so single-minded, so fanatical, when most other ethnic groups are able to put aside the memories of the atrocities committed against them. Part of the answer lies in the unique Jewish mentality of “never forgive, never forget." The main reason, however, is the power that the “Holocaust" bestows upon them, a kind of hypnotic power
over us.
THE DIARY OF ANNE FRANK While Anne Rank’s life and death were real her diary has become part of the 'Holocaust" mythology, part of the psychological war waged by Jews against the White world.
©1996 National Vanguard Booh Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
Free Speech for September 1996
So let’s take a look at the psychological, political, and economic power of the “Holocaust” story.
The story holds that Adolf Hitler was the most evil man to ever live because he executed “six million” innocent Jewish civilians, mainly by poison gas. If anyone expresses a viewpoint that can be interpreted as favorable to the survival of the White race, even if he never mentions World War II or Germany or Hitler, it won’t be very long before organized Jewish groups or their liberal allies will pipe up and say, “That’s racist; that’s what Hitler believed; that idea leads straight to the gas chambers of Auschwitz; you're a nazi; we must oppose all ideas that Hitler espoused, especially the idea of a White
9
nation."
Exposure of some of the lies told by Jews about the “Holocaust” will diminish this bludgeon used on White peoples’ heads and may remove some of the chains from the minds of so many of our people.
Here is one example. Nearly everyone has heard the story of the Jewish girl Anne Frank. According to her best-selling book she was hidden in an attic by a Dutch family until the later years of the World War II. Then she was interned at various camps in Eastern Europe and Germany. One thing is clear: Anne Frank was not gassed. She died of typhus while at the Bergen-Belsen camp just before the end of the war. The obvious
question is: wily wouiu uie ucr-mans waste valuable resources and time to transport a sickly 14-year-old Jewish girl all over Europe if their intention was simply to gas her? With transport and fuel in extremely short supply, especially near the chaotic end of the war, it just doesn’t make sense. It should also be noted that Frank’s father, also a concentration camp internee, was found at the end of the war recovering from an illness in a German hospital. It should seem ridiculous to anyone that the Germans would be attempting to restore Mr. Frank’s health just so they could then put him into a gas chamber, especially when medical facilities were desperately needed for the care of wounded German soldiers.
What do you think would happen if the true figures for Jewish losses became generally known? All of a sudden, “the most evil man in history” becomes a mere piker when compared to the likes of Joseph Stalin and Mao Tse Tung, who doubtlessly murdered many dozens of millions under regimes that lasted for decades. And what happens when it is discovered that Hitler never gave any orders for Jews or anyone else to be gassed, but had only planned a relocation, interrupted and complicated by the war, of Jews to the east, after unsuccessful negotiations — including negotiations with Zionist Jews — to find a home for them in the Middle East
10
of Madagascar*
The “Holocaust* story is also a prop for the idea that the Jews arc eternally persecuted - but totally innocent — people who have never harmed anyone else or engaged in any kind of persecution themselves.
This idea is shown to be nonsense by a reading of the Jew’s own history as recorded by them in their Torah. There we have numerous cases of the Jews invading, enslaving, and/or exterminating other tribes, including the women and children, whose only crime was to be in possession of things that the Jews wanted. There are instances in which their God admonished and even punished them for not doing a thorough enough job of exterminating their victims. The Jews’ early history is in feet
FREE SPEECH for September 1 Wo
chock full of theft, enslavement, murder, mayhem, and extermination visited upon other peoples.
What is even more hypocritical is that the Jews celebrate their acts of genocide. An example of this is their Purim holiday during which they celebrate their murder of 70,000 Persian men, women, and children.
For nearly fifty years the governments of the West, with few exceptions, have consistently looked the other way with regard to Zionist terrorism against the British, the Palestinian population in Israel, and even Americans.
One of the earliest of these outrages was the bombing of the King David Hotel by the Stern Gang — led by future Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin — which killed over a hundred British
women and children. That was only tfe beginning.
In 1967 Israel treacherously attacked the USS Liberty, a lightly armed US inni ligence ship, killing 34 Americans and wounding scores of others. There can now be no disputing that Israel knew its identity, and that the ship was in inter, national waters and clearly marked as a US Naval vessel. The only thing that prevented all on board from perishing, and the attack being blamed on the Ar-abs, was that the ship did not sink. Even this was in doubt for some time, which prompted the captain to order that the wounded men be put into life rafts in preparation for abandoning ship. Even with the ship ablaze from Israeli napalm and rocket attacks, listing heavily, and taking on water, Israeli gunboats saw fit
to continue tne attacK Dy macniuc-guu-ning the life rafts. At some point the Israelis realized that the ship had man-aged to transmit a distress signal and alerted the area command as to who was carrying out the assault, which finally caused Israel to order its planes and gunboats to leave.
The greatest outrage that day was not the perfidy of Israel, however, but the treasonous compliance of the politicians in Washington, who refused to take any action against Israel and hushed-up the whole affair. (See Assault on the Liberty by deck officer James Ennes Jr., available from National Vanguard Books for $22.95 postpaid.)
Another example of Israel’s callous disregard for its supposed “ally" America was the bombing of the U.S. Marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983, which killed over 200 US servicemen. According to former Israeli Mossad agent, Victor Ostrovsky, Israeli intelligence knew of the plan by Arab terrorists to bomb the building in plenty of time to warn the innocent men, but cynically refused to say anything. (See By Way of Deception by Victor Ostrovsky, available from National Vanguard Books for $15.95 postpaid).
Interspersed with these, the Israelis have committed a multitude of murders and tortures against mostly unarmed Palestinians, and even recently launched an attack on a United Nations refugee camp in Lebanon. Ari Shavit, an Israeli reporter straight out of the trenches, filed the following, translated from Hebrew in * Liberation” of May 21, 1996, and titled
^]99f Nat nmol Vunguurd Books Bu> 310 Hillsboro VZV 24946 $40/ytaf
MENACHEM BEGIN
Erstwhile member of the Red Army, erstwhile Zionist terrorist, former Israeli Rime Minister Beg iff# background is simitar to that of many other Zionist leaders. However, the mass media foster the image of the Israelis as beleaguered heroes, the victims of others' hatred.
Free Speech for September 1996
11
"Cana: 102 Faceless Dead.*
We Killed 170 people in Lebanon, most of whom were refugees, during the month of April 1996. Many of them were women, old people, and children. We Killed 9 civilians, one a 2-year-old girl and one a centenarian, in Sahmour, on April 11th. We Killed 11 civilians, including 7 children, in Nabatyeh, on April 18th. In the UN Camp in Cana, we Killed 102 people.
Given this history it becomes even more astounding that we hand over at least 3 billion dollars in direct cash aid, and untold amounts of military technology'and intelligence information to Israel annually in addition to the periodic loan guarantees that run into the billions. And all this is on top of the billions that Germany has been giving them for the past fifty years.
And what do Israel’s benefactors re-
ceive in return for this largess and invaluable grants of technology? For the Germans, an unceasing stream of hate
tk A «TAM r I AO ct f-/*\
demonize by association millions of Germans who were not even born until after World War II. In the case of America, it comes in the form of blackmailing and bribing our politicians into unquestioning support for any bill or appropriation benefiting Israel. We are also "paid back" by the theft of whatever classified information we don’t already give them, as in the Jonathan Pollard case. In addition, our constant involvement in tumultuous Middle Eastern political affairs on the side of Israel gains us the hatred of millions of outraged Arabs, as manifested by the recent World Trade Center bombing and other acts of terror.
Lastly, we have the ludicrous “Holocaust"-derived proposition that since Hitler identified the Jews as foreigners, different from the Germans, we must not make any distinctions today on the basis of race. According to the "Holocaust" hucksters any linkage of nationhood and race is evil, and therefore all immigration policies based on ethnicity or race are likewise evil. In essence this "Holocaust"
was largely written by Captain Carlos Huerta, an orthodox Jewish chaplain, lately associated with a university in Israel. It states in part:
A successful fighting force is a cohesive one, one w here all members have respect for each other's diversity and dignity. Holocaust revisionism has the potential to destroy that respect.
So according to the good rabbi our view of the “Holocaust" is directly linked to our toleration for "diversity." Perhaps he is right on that score! However, we haven’t seen much support for “diversity" in Israel. The undeniable fact is that Israel is a quintessential racial state in which the preservation and elevation of the Jewish people is codified into law.
Listen to the following statement that appeared in Canada’s Maclean’s magazine for June 10, 1996:
‘We don't believe in multinational states,' said Israeli Labor Health Minister, Ephraim Sneh. 'It didn’t worK in Yugosla-
indoctrination has, to a large degree, resulted in psychological	paralysis
rendering us unable to control Third-World immigration or to deal with the race problem generally.
This paralysis is probably the most pernicious idea presently connected with the “Holocaust," and is exemplified in a twenty-page pamphlet, entitled Holocaust Revisionisms recently produced by the "Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute" (whatever that is) for distribution within the U.S. military, ostensibly to counter the ever increasing doubts concerning the "Holocaust" raised by Revisionists.
Tbe pamphlet
via, aiia iiioivi j i o iuii vi iivnii jinu oaoiii
pies of what happens in multinational states. Separation is the only way to build a reasonable co-existence here.’
So while Jews in America work feverishly to promote “diversity" and “tolerance," their fellow Jews in Israel want nothing to do with it, and know foil well that “diversity" in their Jewish state would destroy it, just as it has done in any nation that ever permitted it.
Our purpose is not to promote racial diversity either in Israel or anywhere else, but mainly to point out the stinking double standard of the Jewish establishment. In fact, nearly every idea connected with the “Holocaust" reeks with such hypocrisy.
The “Holocaust" is really about breaking down the racial and cultural barriers of others, while serving as a rallying cry for Jewish nationalism and cohesiveness. We might do well to remember that ethnic groups that suppress their survival instinct are displaced by those that heed it, and the Jews have been refining theirs for 3,000 years.
Thi> article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “White Guilt and the Holocaust," aired on September 7, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
01996 National Vanguard Books Bun 3 JO Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/ytar
THE USS UatHTY LISTING AElfcH I Me a i dt nraa
The story of the USS Liberty shows how morally and physi caily disarmed America is when lacing the Jewish threat
ANITA HILL WITH HER ATTORNEY CHARLES OGLETREE Radical fwnlnlsm clashed with Black ascendancy during the Clarence Thomas confirmation huanngs The concerns of White America were not even an issue
©J996 National Vanguard. Books Bus 330 HilUburo WV 24946 $4Q/ytat
Free SPEECH for September 1996
Feminism: The Great Destroyer
• Editor's Note: This article was adapted from an interview of Dr. William L. Pierce conducted hs American Dissident Voices host Kevin Alfred Strom. A cassette recording of this interview is available from National Vanguard Books for Si2.95 postpaid. Ask for item #484.
KAS: There is a continuing public debate about the role of women in our society and the related subjects of sexism and feminism. One example was the hullaballoo that occurred during the confirmation of Clarence Thomas’s appointment to the Supreme Court. Feminists and their claque in the media charged that this confirmation was an affirmation of the “sexism* rampant in the U.S. political establishment. The cure for this alleged problem is to get more women into positions of political power, according to many people in the media.
Another example was the uproar about a drunken party several years ago in Las Vegas for Navy fliers at which several women who showed up were manhandled— in particular, a female flier who later complained to the media about her treatment. The news coverage of the Las Vegas party brought demands from media spokesmen and politicians for rooting out the “ sexism" in the armed forces and giving women equal roles in everything from infantry combat to flying fighter jets. Do you see any real or lasting
portunity Commission he had asked her several times for a date and that on one occasion he had begun describing to her a pornographic film he had seen the evening before. She never alleged that he had demanded sexual favors from her, threatened her, or put his hands on her. Her complaint was that he had shown a normal, healthy interest in her as a woman. He had asked her for a date.
Talking to her about a pornographic film may have indicated a certain lack of refinement on his part— at least that would be the case if the two of them were members of a traditional White society, in which gentlemen didn’t talk about pornographic films in the presence of ladies, at least not in the office— but what the hell, the folks who were raising such a fuss about Thomas’s behavior are, like both Clarence and Anita themselves, all members of the brave, New World Order society, which is neither White nor traditional. It’s a so-called “multicultural” society in which there are no gentlemen and there are no ladies; there are just male and female people, and the female people are no different from the male people: they are just as bawdy, just as vulgar, just as aggressive.
KAS: So you believe that the whole
thing was just a tempest in a teapot, that it really wasn’t significant?
WLP: A tempest in a teapot, yes, but still very significant. One aspect of the Clarence and Anita circus was that it was simply seized on and used by people with a certain political agenda, and so of course their tendency was to make as much ado as they could about it. But another aspect is that many of the feminists who were screeching against Thomas and against the Senate’s approval of him really were indignant that the man had asked Anita Hill for a date. They really were outraged that he had an interest in her as a woman and did not simply treat her as another lawyer in his office. Men are not supposed to notice women as women, but only as people, and radical feminists really do become angry if one drops this unisex pretense even for a minute. Open a door for one of them and you’ll get a nasty glare; call one of them “ my dear" or refer to her as a “girl" and you’ll be slapped with a civil rights lawsuit.
The fuss about this Tailhook Association party in Las Vegas reveals the same sort of nuttiness. I mean, what do you expect when a bunch of Navy fliers throw a wild, drunken orgy? They had held
significance in this debate?
WLP: Oh, it’s certainly a significant debate. The significance is perhaps not exactly what the media spokesmen would have us believe it is, but there is a significance there nevertheless. Getting at the real significance, pulling it out into the light where everyone can see it and examine it, requires a little care, though. There’s a lot of misdirection, a lot of deliberate deception in the debate.
Look at the first example you just mentioned. The controlled media would have us believe that the approval of Clarence Thomas by the Senate Judiciary Committee in the face of Anita Hill’s complaint* about hurt demonstrates a callous insensitivity to women’s welfare. But what were Anita Hill’s complaints? They were that when Thomas had been her boss in the Equal Employment Op-
their party in Las Vegas several years in a row, and the party had gained a bit of a reputation. It was notorious. Everybody in Naval aviation knew all about it. The Naw women who went to the party knew what to expect. They joined the orgy. Any woman who didn’t want to be pawed by drunken fliers and have her panties pulled off stayed away. Certainly, if these Navy fliers had shanghaied some unsuspecting woman off the street and forced her to submit to indignities, I would be the first to call for their being put up against a wall. I’ll go further and say that I really don’t approve of drunkenness under any circumstances— although I believe it’s only realistic to accept drinking as a feet of military life. But I cannot work up much sympathy for a woman who, knowing what the Tailhook parties are like, -decides that she will pretend that she really isn’t a woman but rather is a genderless Navy flier and so can go to the Tailhook party without worrying about her panties.
KAS: That’s really irrational isn’t it.7 It doesn’t make sense for them to ignore human nature like that.
WLP: Irrationality seems to be the rule rather than the exception in public affairs these days. Feminism, of course, is just another exercise in reality denial, which has become such a common pastime. There are too many people out there who seem to believe that if we pretend that men and women are the same, they really will be; that if we pretend there are no differences between Blades and Whites except skin color, the differences will disappear; that if we pretend that homosexuality is a normal, healthy condition, it will be.
Feminism is one of the most destructive aberrations being pushed by the media today, because it has an immediate effect on nearly all of us. There are many sectors of the economy, for example, in winch racial-quota hiring and promotion— so-called “affirmative action"— isn’t a real problem, and so White people who work in those sectors remain relatively unaffected by the racial aspects of America’s breakdown, but feminism is becoming pervasive; there are few relationships between men and women, especially between younger men and women, which will not suffer from the
FREE Speech for September 1996 effects of feminism in the near future.
KAS: You just referred to feminism as “a destructive aberration" and spoke of the breakdown of America. Are the two things connected.7
WLP: When homosexuals come out of the closet and women go into politics, empires crumble. Or, to say that another way which more accurately reflects the cause-effect relationship, when empires begin to crumble, then the queers come out of the closet and women go into politics. Which is to say, that in a strong, healthy society, feminism isn’t a problem. But when a society begins to decay— when the men lose their self-confidence— then feminism raises its head and accelerates the process of decay.
KAS: Before we go further, exactly what do you mean by feminism? Can you define the word for us?
WLP: Feminism is a system of ideas with several distinguishing characteristics. First, it’s a system in which gender is regarded as the primary identifying characteristic, more important even than race. Second, and paradoxically, it’s a system in which men and women are regarded as innately identical in all intellectual and psychical traits, and in all physical traits except those most obviously dependent on the configuration of the genitalia. Third, it’s a system in which filling a traditionally male role in society is valued above being a wife and mother, a system in which the traditional female roles are denigrated. Finally, it’s a system in which men and women are regarded as mutually hostile classes, with men traditionally in the role of oppressors of women; and in which it is regarded as every woman’s primary duty to support the interests of her fellow women of all races against the male oppressors.
I should add that not every woman who describes herself as a feminist would go along 100% with that definition. Real feminism is not just an intellectual thing; it’s a sickness, with deep emotional roots. Some women just want to be trendy, but are otherwise normal. They just want to be fashionable, and feminism is held up by the media as fashionable these days. It’s Politically Correct.
13
And while we’re at it, we should note that there is an analogous malady, usually called male chauvinism, which expresses itself in a range of attitudes toward women ranging from patronizing contempt to outright hatred. Feminists often attribute the growth of feminism to a reaction against male chauvinism. Actually the latter, which never afflicted more than a minority of White men, has been more an excuse for the promoters of feminism than a cause of that disorder.
KAS: OK. So that’s what feminism is. Now, in what way is it destructive? How is it connected to America’s decline?
WLP: Feminism is destructive at several different levels. At the racial level it is destructive because it divides the race against itself, robbing us of racial solidarity and weakening us in the struggle for racial survival; and because it reduces the White birthrate, especially among educated women. It also undermines the family by taking women out of the home and leaving the raising of children to television and day-care centers.
At a personal or social level feminism does its damage by eroding the traditional relationship between men and women. That traditional relationship is not based on any assumption of equality or sameness. It’s not a symmetrical relationship, but rather a complementary one. It’s based on a sexual division of labor, with fundamentally different roles for men and women: men are the providers and the protectors, and women are the nurturers. Men bring home the bacon, and they guard the den; women nourish the children and tend the hearth.
Many people today sneer at this traditional relationship. They think that in the New World Order there is no need to protect the den or the condo or whatever, because these days we’re all very civilized, and that all one needs to do to bring home the bacon is hop in the car and drive to the nearest shopping mall, and, of course, a woman can do that just as well as a man. Therefore, because the times have changed, roles should change. There’s no longer any reason for a division of labor; now we can all be the same, claim the apologists for feminism.
Now, ! have a couple of problems
©1996 National Vanguard Book* Box 3 30 HilUboro WV 24946 $40/ytar
14
with that line of reasoning. First, I’m not as eager to toss million-yearold traditions in the ashcan as the New World Order enthusiasts are, because I’m not as confident in the ability of the government to provide protection for all of us as they are, nor am I as confident that there’ll always be bacon at the neighborhood shopping mall and we won’t have to revest to earlier ways of getting it. Actually, I’m an optimist by nature, but I’m not so optimistic as to believe that I’ll never be called on to use my strength or my fighting instincts to protect my family. In fact, every time I watch the evening news on television, I become more convinced that there's a very good chance we’re going to end up having to fight for our bacon within the next few years.
In the second place, Mother Nature made a very big investment in her way of doing things over the past few million years of primate evolution. It’s not simply a matter of our deciding that we don’t like Mother Nature’s plan because it’s not fashionable any longer, and so we’ll change it. We are what we are. That is, we are what millions of years of evolution have made us. A man is a man in every cell of his body and his brain, not just in his genitalia, and a woman is a woman to the same degree. We were very thoroughly and precisely adapted to our different roles. We can’t change reality by passing a civil rights law. When we deceive ourselves into thinking that we can, there’s hell to pay. Which is to say that we end up with a lot of very confused, disappointed, and unhappy men and women. We also end up with a lot of very angry men and women, which accounts for the feminists and the male chauvinists.
It's true, of course, that some women might be perfectly happy as corporate raiders or professional knife fighters, just as some men have willingly adapted to the New World Order by becoming less aggressive and more “sensitive.” But it doesn t work that way for normal men and women. What the normal man really wants and needs is not just a business partner and roommate of the opposite sex, but a real woman whom he can protect and provide for. And what a normal woman really wants and needs with every fiber of her being, regardless of how much feminist propaganda she’s soaked up, is a real man, who can love and protect her and provide for her and
Free Speech for September 1996
their children. If she’s watched too much television and has let herself be persuaded that what she wants instead of a strong, masculine man is a sensitive wimp who'll let her wear the trousers in the family half the time, she’s headed for a severe collision with the reality of her own nature. She’ll end up making herself very neurotic, driving a few men into male chauvinism, and becoming a social liability. Our society just can’t afford any more of that sort of foolishness. If feminism were only making individuals unhappy, I wouldn’t be very concerned about it. I've always believed that people were entitled to make themselves as unhappy as they wanted to. But unfortunately, it’s wrecking our society and weakening our race, and we must put a stop to it soon.
KAS: How do you propose to do that? The feminist movement really seems to be snowballing, and as you noted the mass media are all for it. It would seem pretty difficult to stop. Anyone who opposes the feminists is perceived as a male chauvinist who wants to take away women’s rights and confine them to the kitchen and the bedroom.
WLP: Well, of course, I’m not in favor of taking anything away from women. I’d like to give women the option of being women again in the traditional way, in Nature’s way, the option of staying home and taking care of their children and making a home for their husbands. It wasn’t the feminists, of course, who changed our economy so that it’s no longer possible for many families to survive unless both the man and the woman are employed outside the home. A society which forces women out of the home and into offices and factories is not a healthy society. I'd like for our society to be changed so that it’s possible once again for mothers to stay at home with their children, the way they did back before the Second World War, back before the New World Order boys got their hands on our economy and launched their plan to bring the living standard of the average American wage earner down to the average Mexican level. 1 think many will want to stay home when it’s possible to do so. And 1 am sure that it we provide the right role models for women, most will want to. It we regain
control of our television industry, of our news and entertainment and advertising industries, we can hold up quite a different model of the ideal woman from the one being held up today.
Most women, just like most men, want to be fashionable. They try to do and be what’s expected of them. We just need to move that model back closer to what Mother Nature had in mind. Then there’s no need to take away anybody’s rights. A few female lawyers with butch haircuts can easily be tolerated in a healthy society — a few flagpole sitters, a few glass eaters, a few of all sorts of people— so long as their particular brand of oddness doesn’t begin undermining the health of the whole society.
KAS: But what about the people who control the media now— what about the legislators— who are on the feminist bandwagon? They are very powerful. What will you do about them?
WLP: We’ll do whatever is necessary. Now we’re helping people understand feminism and the other ills which are afflicting our society. Understanding really must come first. After understanding comes organization. And then, as I said, whatever is necessary.
And I should add this: Whatever flies in the face of reality is inherently self-destructive. But we cannot wait for this disease to burn itself out. The toll will be too great. We have to stand up against it and oppose it now. We have to change people’s attitudes about feminism being fashionable. We have to make the politicians who’ve jumped on the feminist bandwagon understand that there will be a heavy price to pay, some day, for their irresponsibility.
KAS: Do you really think that you can change the behavior of the politicians?
'WLP: Perhaps not, but we must at least give them a chance to change. Unfortunately in the case of the politicians most of them have many crimes besides an advocacy of feminism to answer for, and they know that they can only be hanged once,
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
15
The REVILO P. OLIVER Memorial Symposium
Dr. Revilo P. Oliver was one of this century’s greatest thinkerB and writers. Professor of the Classics at the University of Illinois for 32 yearn, he was one of the very few academicians to fully perceive the threats to America and to Western man. He was one of the founders of the John Birch Society and a prime mover in the early years of National Review magazine. When he realized that conservatism was a lost cause in America, he appealed to Americans to make a final and uncompromising stand for the survival of America’s founding race, a cause he championed until his death.
In November of1994 a group of those who loved, admired, and worked with Dr.
Program of the Symposium: TAPE 1
□	Dr. Charles E. Weber, chairman, Committee for the Reexamination of the Second World War
□	Dr. Richard Swartzbaugh, anthropologist and author of The Mediator
□	Kevin Alfred Strom, producer and host of American Dissident Voices
□	Martin K OToole, attorney at law
TAPE 2
□	Martin K OToole continued
□	A Musical Tribute to Revilo P. Oliver
□	Sam G. Dickson, attorney at law, revisionist author
TAPE 3
□	Sam G. Dickson continued
□	Daniel W. Gudeman, MS, author of Wisdom for Our Time
□	Kirsten Kaiser Strom
□	Paul Fromm, chairman, Canadian Association for Free Expression
□	Tributes to Grace Oliver and others
□	Representative David E. Duke
□	Charles Barenfanger
□	George Dietz
□	Tom Fulton
□	The Pouring of the Wine and The Spreading of the Ashes (At the University of Illinois, Urbana campus: You will hear the soundtrack of this ceremony, which took place the night of the symposium, while you view a series of photographs of Dr. Oliver from the library of Kevin and Kirsten Strom.)
□	A Photographic Retrospective of Dr. Oliver’s Life (The music which plays at the very end of the tape was originally performed during the social period after Dr. Oliver’s magisterial 1968 speech. What We Owe Our Parasites.)
Oliver gathered to honor his memory at the Revilo P. Oliver Memorial Symposium. This Memorial Symposium has been recorded on videotape. It is a fiill six hours in length and consists of three VHS videotapes recorded at SP speed. The complete set of Revilo P. Oliver Memorial Symposium videotapes is available for $59.95 plus $3.00 postage and handling. Please order our item #625.
As you view this tape collection, you’ll get to meet Dr. Oliver in a way you never could before, by hearing those who knew and loved him. A professional pianist was at the Symposium and played a deeply moving selection of racial-nationalist music with fascinating explanatory commentary by Mr. Dickson. You will not want to be without this important video.
Experiencing the Revilo P. Oliver Memorial Symposium will not only give you a greater appreciation of Dr. Oliver and his life’s work, but it will educate and inspire you in a way that no ordinary speech or television program can. These speakers are speaking from the heart, and speaking of the greatest issue — the survival of the European race — of this or any other century. Here you will find no quick-fix formulas, no patriotic pap with all controversial — and therefore important — elements removed. Here is the truth about the plight of Western man, unvarnished, realistic, and pure, just as Dr. Oliver would have wanted it. It is a fitting tribute to one of this century’s giants.
National Vanguard Books P. O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
A Future for White Children
Will there be one?
Everywhere today White homelands are being subjected to massive non-White immigration and government-mandated racial mixing in schools, housing, and employment.
While non-White populations explode worldwide, the White birthrate is below the replacement level.
With the greatest crisis in the history of Western civilization looming before us, our political and intellectual elites obfuscate or ignore the issues and do nothing.
If nothing is done, imagine the squalid, ugly, overcrowded world our children and grandchildren will inherit.
We, the men and women of the National Alliance, are determined that there will be a future for White children on this planet.
To learn more, send $2 for our informative book and cat|h>|^i|q<l membership information on the Na-
j 1 ion &1 Ail	which explains our program.
n	National Alliance
,61 ttto WU	p	0	Box	90
(, Hiilsboro, WV 24946
a	its
iy\\ |! v; tV.MV U W 1
'A.j	+*••***</	■■	____ _____
Satellite Channel
Listen to American Dissident Voices on satellite anywhere in North America, every Saturday from 6 to 7 p.m. Central Time on G7, channel 14, 7.56 audio.
Listen...
*.. .every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network arc shown in grey. Send $2 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free SPEECH, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videas.
Extra copies of our radio schedule arc available at $3 for 20 copies, $7 for 1(X) copies, or $30 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance
Box V0 • Hillsboro • WV 24V46 • U.S.A.