jtSZSCL
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
i
Ay
'
ion of America's" Police!
a8B8

Dr. William Pierce


Free
Speech
LeUisoarew	.	-
FREE SPEECH • NOVEMBER 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. XI
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
The Corruption of America’s
Police by the ADL
The Millennium Bug & “M ainstr earning* thh JgK ^ News 1; pjl
Dr. William Pierce
:gg§ip||
- :
1
Hate
the New §VoHfl £lrder
Dr. William Pierce

i ? -- -j- -
The Lesson of South . Africa >
§ Dr.&Llliam Piarcs!
Two weeks ago I began telling you about the corruption of American police officials by the Anti-Defama-tion League of B’nai B'rith: die ADL Because this is such an important matter, such an urgent matter, I promised I'd tell you more about it It is a shocking thing, and I needed time to present the details to you — details which you can check for your-selves, so that you will have no doubt that I am telling you the truth. It's easy to doubt this truth. It's easy to believe that the ADL is the so-called “human rights” organization that the mass media say it is. It's especially easy to believe this when you see ADL officials palling around with prominent politicians and policemen, when you see police chiefs and U.S. senators receiving awards at ADL banquets.
m&ie
: By.' ]
..: - •:■; | Si- 1
y. §&-

es to present itself as a “human and as an authority on a number police agencies. However, the isembles a terrorist group more of the organizations it rallies
I'm telling you that the ADL is an anti-American gang of racketeers who break our laws with impunity because they have succeeded in corrupting our politicians and many of our law-enforcement people as well. And now I will prove that charge.
First, however, just as an aside, let's note that the parent organization of which the ADL is a branch is named B'nai B'rith. That name may sound strange to your ears because it is a Hebrew name. B'nai means “sons,” and b'rith — which is often pronounced “briss” by American Jews — means “circumcision.” B'rith — or briss — refers to the ritual circumcision of Jewish males which according to Jewish tradition is a sign of their “chosenness” or jheir special cove-nant with the Hebrew tribal deity Yah-weh. You probably won't find “b'rith”
2
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
in your dictionary with the apostrophe the way it's spelled by the ADL, but you should be able to find “briss.” So in English B'nai B'rith means the Circumcised Brotherhood. But really, it’s a criminal brotherhood, whose members are marked by circumcision much in the way many Japanese criminals who belong to the yakuza are marked by a missing fingertip, or members of many drug gangs are marked by a distinctive tattoo.
As I told you two weeks ago the ADL was founded in 1913 after a wealthy Jewish factory owner, Leo Frank, was convicted of raping and murdering a 14-year-old girl who worked in his Adanta pencil factory. The trial of Frank was accompanied by a great deal of very embarrassing publicity for the Jews, and the ADL was organized primarily as a propaganda organization to neutralize such bad publicity: thus its name, Anti-Defamation League. But since 1913 the ADL has been involved in much more than pro-Jewish propaganda. As an arm of B'nai B'rith, which is an international organization with its tentacles in nearly every country on earth, the ADL has expanded its scope of interests and activities to include virtually everything concerning Jews anywhere.
For example, after the success of the Bolshevik Revolution, which resulted in the Jews riding high in Russia, the ADL concerned itself with countering the charge that the Jews had anything to do with communism, which never was popular in mainstream America. After the Second World War, when hundreds of communist spies — virtually all of whom turned out to be Jews — were being rooted out of the U.S. government during the so-called McCarthy era, the ADL worked overtime to discredit anti-communists. To the ADL, anyone who was anti-communist was “ anti-Semitic. “ Arnold Forster, who changed his name from Fastenberg and who was the ADL's general counsel for 46 years, wrote in his 1988 memoirs, Square One, about the case of the atomic spies, Julius and Ethel Rosenberg: “Like so many others, Jew and non-Jew alike, I suffered deep pain when the Rosen bergs were executed. “
Leo Frank
The ADL had a significant role in the Jewish propaganda effort to portray the flushing out of Soviet agents from U.S. institutions as a “witch hunt.” Today most educated Americans who were bom too late to experience the late 1940s and early 1950s as adults actually believe the Jewish propaganda myth that it was a dark period in American history, when everyone was looking over his shoulder, afraid of being denounced as a spy by a government informant The Jews, of course, who had been almost to a man partisans of the Soviet Union, were looking over their shoulders. But ordinary Americans certainly didn't feel intimidated by the government's efforts to rid itself of the Soviet influences which had gained a strong foothold during the war.
In 1948, when the Jews made their first big land-grab in the Middle East after the war, forming the state of Israel with land stolen from the Palestinians, the ADL saw its principal new role as a defender of Israel. The label “anti-Semite” henceforth was applied by the ADL to anyone who was pro-Arab or who did not approve of American support for Israel. Being seen as a champion of Israel rather than as a champion of communism helped enormously with the ADL's fund-raising efforts. Among others giving large sums of money to the ADL after 1948 were a number of Jewish organized crime figures, who felt a strong sympathy for Israel. These gangsters, including Jews such as Meyer Lansky, Longy Zwillman,
and Moe Dalitz, were engaged in the White slave trade, in illegal drug trafficking, and in nearly every other kind of criminal activity imaginable. The ADL's relationship with Moe Dalitz, one of the most notorious gangsters in America, may suffice to indicate the pattern.
Morris — or “Moe” — Dalitz, like many other organized crime figures before the Second World War, got his start in the illegal booze business during Prohibition. Dalitz was the boss of a criminal organization in Detroit known as the “Purple Gang,” whose principal activity was smuggling whisky across the Detroit River from Canada into the United States.
The controlled media, through popular fiction and films like The Godfather, have given most Americans the erroneous idea that organized crime in America has been almost entirely an Italian affair. Although Sicilians and Italians made up most of the lower ranks of the Mafia and other gangster organizations in the 1920s and 1930s, at the top there were at least as many Jews as Italians. And some of the most notorious and bloodthirsty criminal organizations were entirely Jewish, or nearly so. Murder, Incorporated, is an example of a Jewish criminal gang. Moe Dal-itz's Purple Gang is another example.
Dalitz eventually moved his whisky-smuggling operation from Detroit to Cleveland and joined forces with another group of Jewish gangsters there. They moved so much illegal booze across Lake Erie that it become known popularly as the “Jewish lake.” It's good to remember that gangsters like Dalitz did much more than smuggle whisky. They corrupted American society and American government They bribed judges and politicians and police officials on a huge scale. They murdered people: hundreds of people. And when Prohibition ended in 1933 the gangsters simply switched from smuggling to extortion, loan-sharking, and White slavery. After the war they moved into the drug trade.
Toward the end of the war Dalitz and several other Jewish gangsters, including Bugsy Siegel and Meyer Lansky, began investing their ill-gotten wealth in Las Vegas. Soon they
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
were all casino owners. Dalitz was one of the original owners of the Fla-mingo, which opened in 1946. Dalitz later took over the Desert Inn and became a part owner of the Stardust Hotel. His gang became known as the “Desert Syndicate.” Dalitz and Lansky eventually decided that Bugsy Siegel was cheating them, and in June 1947 they ordered him killed in one of the most spectacular “rubouts” of the postwar period. After that Moe Dalitz was the undisputed “Godfather” of Las Vegas.
Over the years a great deal of Moe Dalitz's criminal income found its way into the coffers of the ADL — so much so that in 1985 the ADL gave its so-called “Torch of Liberty” award to Dalitz. The award ceremony was a black-tie affair featured on the front page of the ADL Bulletin, in which Dalitz was praised as a “philanthropist” and “deep appreciation” was expressed for his financial contributions to the ADL And of course, the controlled media were discreet about the relationship between Dalitz and the ADL There were never any headlines in the New York Times or the Washington Post about the ADL's ties Co the mob, but anyone who has the time to dig back through the issues of the ADL Bulletin at a major library, will find Dalitz on the front page in 1985. Moe Dalitz himself was killed four years later, in 1989, in a gang shootout which also left seven other people dead. But the ADL had plenty of other Jewish gangsters contributing money by then.
The ADL was able to flaunt its relationship with Moe Dalitz and accept tainted money from him and other gangsters — money which was the product of criminal activity — without fear of legal repercussions, because at the same time it had been cultivating its relationships with Jewish organized crime bosses, it also had been cultivating its relationships with law-enforcement officials, especially in the FBI. During the post-war period the Jews spearheaded the effort to force racial integration on America, and they were bitterly resented by segregationist organizations such as the Ku Klux Klan. The Kian struck out at the Jews almost as much as at Blacks. The most newsworthy Klan effort in
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
Meyer Lansky
that regard was the killing of two Jewish agitators, Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner, in Mississippi in June 1964. The Hollywood propaganda film, Mississippi Burning, was based on this incident.
To get revenge against the Klan for the Goodman and Schwerner killings — and also to put the Klan in its place — the ADL arranged a trap. Working in collusion with the FBI, the New Orleans office of the ADL, headed at that time by Adolph Bot-nick, paid two leaders of the Klan in Mississippi, brothers Alton Roberts and Raymond Roberts, to initiate a Klan project to bomb the home of Meyer Davidson, the ADL leader in Meridian, Mississippi. On June 30, 1968, two unsuspecting Klan members drove up to Davidson's home, intending to put a bomb on his front porch. They were Kathy Ainsworth, a young school teacher, and Thomas Tarrants. The FBI was hiding in the bushes, waiting for them, and opened fire on them as soon as they got out of their car. Kathy Ainsworth was
3
killed instandy in the hail of bullets, and Thomas Tarrants lay near death after being shot 70 times by the trigger-happy FBI agents. Clearly the plan was to kill both Ainsworth and Tarrants, execution style, as a warning to the Klan not to mess with the Jews. And as I said, the ADL and the FBI together set up this murder trap: the ADL supplied the cash for the informants and provocateurs, and die FBI supplied the executioners. The killing of Kathy Ainsworth was nothing less than a planned murder by the ADL
This sort of criminal collaboration between the FBI and the ADL has continued to the present day. The ADL always has been an espionage organization, with much of its activity consisting in the gathering of personal information and the building of dossiers on everyone perceived as hostile to Jewish interests — and also on tens of thousands of other Americans as well, that the ADL might want to apply pressure to at some time in the future.
The FBI is prohibited by law from investigating people unless it has some evidence that they are involved in criminal activity, but the ADL operates under no such restrictions. The ADL hires people to steal the trash from the curbs in front of the homes of people it is interested in, and it engages in many even less savory practices. And the ADL is generally happy to swap information with the FBI, providing the FBI with confidential personal information on people the FBI is interested in but has no legal basis for investigating. The ADL and the FBI do favors for each other.
Occasionally, however, the ADL's espionage work has gotten it into trouble. In addition to stealing the trash from in front of people's homes, the ADL has illegally obtained confidential information on thousands of Americans by bribing employees in departments of motor vehicles or in police departments, including the San Francisco Police Department. When the San Francisco police realized that some of their confidential files had been stolen by the ADL they obtained search warrants. The Los Angeles and San Francisco offices of the ADL were raided by the police
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
twice, first on December 10, 1992 and then again on April 8, 1993. In these raids thousands of stolen police files were recovered. The police also raided the homes of an ADL undercover agent, Roy Bullock; and a sergeant in the San Francisco Police Department, Thomas Gerard. Gerard, who had been stealing the police records for the ADL, subsequendy fled to the Philippines to avoid prosecution.
Just prior to the April 1993 raids San Francisco Assistant District Attorney John Dwyer told news reporters: “The ADL is the target. Their involvement is just so great. People have called this the Gerard case. Now it's the ADL case. Gerard is just their guy in San Francisco. The ADL is doing the same thing all over the country. There is evidence that the ADL had police agents in other cities. The case just gets bigger every day. The more we look, the more we find people involved."	<
Although the Politically Correct media in America don't like to publicize news which doesn't “fit,” the ADL story was too big to suppress, and you can find extensive news coverage of the ADL raids in the Los Angeles Times and the San Francisco Chronicle in December 1992 and April 1993, including the statement 1 just quoted by the San Francisco assistant district attorney.
Among the 12,000 files on individuals and 950 files on organizations the police recovered in their raids, were files on the Arab-American Anti-Discrimination Committee — the AADC — and many of its members. ADL employee Roy Bullock had been
assigned the task of infiltrating the Arab group, and he had even gone so far as stealing a key to their Santa Ana, California, office. The ADL had an especially strong hatred for the AADC, because it countered the ADL's pro-Israel propaganda with news reports on Israeli atrocities against Palestinians. On October 11, 1985, the chairman of the AADC, Alex Odeh, was killed by a booby-trap bomb when he opened the door of his office in Santa Ana, California.
It didn't take the FBI very long to figure out who the bombers were, but the three Jewish suspects fled to Israel before they could be arrested. Even though Bullock had the stolen key of the AADC office in his possession at the time of the bombing, neither he nor any of his employers in the ADL were ever charged in connection with Odeh's murder. Also in 1985 Jewish activists used a bomb to kill another target of ADL spying and hate propaganda. He was Tscherim Soobzokov, accused by the ADL of having worked with the Germans in the Caucasus during the Second World War. On August 15, 1985, a bomb exploded on Soobzokov's front porch in Paterson, New Jersey, mortally wounding him.
The ADL used its illegally obtained files in other ways as well, passing some of them to foreign governments. At a court hearing in February 1993, the San Francisco assistant district attorney testified that the file of one American citizen which had been stolen by the ADL had been passed on to the government of Israel. That citizen was Mohammed
Jarad, a man of Palestinian ancesttv who owned a grocery store in Chi. cago. When Jarad visited his relatives in Israeli-occupied Palestine in ]anu. ary 1993, he was seized by the Israeli secret police as a result of information supplied to them by the ADL about Jarad's pro-Palestine activity in the United States.
Now the really disturbing thing about all of this ADL activity is not that the organization accepts money from known crime bosses or that it spies on American citizens and turns some of the information over to for-eign governments or even that it sets up assassinations or incites terrorist bombings against its enemies. There are other criminal organizations in the United States even more heavily involved in violent criminal activity than the ADL What makes the ADL more dangerous than any of these others is its ongoing corruption of police officials. In public ceremonies very much like the one honoring gangster Moe Dalitz, the ADL presents awards to police officials and politicians — including the same “Torch of Liberty” award they gave to Dalitz. The ADL regularly persuades local, state, and national police officials to appear on the speaker's platform when the ADL is denouncing some new enemy of the Jews, just as they had police officials around the country at their press conferences a month ago when they declared me the most dangerous man in America.
The ADL also offers training seminars to police departments to teach them how to recognize and deal with “right-wing terrorists,” believe it or not. And the police departments take them up on it; they have their officers sit and listen to the ADL with its history of un-American and criminal activity, tell them about how to deal with people like me.
Why would any American police official accept an award from the same organization which had given an award to Moe Dalitz and praised him on the front page of its monthly publication? Why would any police official be seen in public with members of an organization caught red-handed with stolen police files? Why would the FBI collaborate with such an organization?
I think that in part it is naivete. Policemen tend to be respecters of authority, even more so than the aver-
What To Tat Yo<jk Onto Amur Piup^Ki
AND DlSSCXIMIN'ATION
Recent ADL propaganda
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
age citizen. If the media praise the ADL as a “respected civil-rights organization,” and if ADL officials are obviously wealthy and well-connected men, with big offices and lots of secretaries, die police tend to feel that they must be all right The feeling is that nobody who is rich and powerful and gets good press can be bad. The cops either haven't seen the few media reports where the ADL got caught red-handed or they've conve-niendy forgotten.
But more often than naivete, I'm afraid that corruption is the reason for die collaboration. Certainly that is the case with the FBI. The FBI hasn't forgotten about Moe Dalitz or die stolen police files or the bombing of Alex Odeh's office. They certainly
5
haven't forgotten about the arranged murder of Kathy Ainsworth. And that's frightening. The ADL alone is bad enough. The ADL teamed up with corrupt policemen all across the country should be a nightmare for every decent American.
Additional Reading: The New Ethnic Mobs by William Kleinknecht (Jewish organized crime). Available from National Vanguard Books.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Corruption of America’s Police by the ADL,” aired on October 24, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Millennium Bug and “Mainstreaming” the News
Today I want to talk with you first about the so-called “millennium bug.” It's also sometimes called the “Y2K phenomenon,” which is sort of a shorthand way of saying the “year 2000 phenomenon.” Ordinarily I wouldn't waste time on such a topic, when we have so many truly urgent problems to discuss — but I've received a number of inquiries about the “millennium bug” from listeners, and this indicates to me that there is some real concern, some real worry about it. So I'll begin by saying, don't worry — or at least, don't worry very much about it.
The “millennium bug” is a bug of the computer sort; that is, it's a software problem — and to a lesser extent a hardware problem. Back in the distant past when the computer revolution began, computer memory — what we call RAM — was scarce and expensive. So was program and data storage space. In 1980, when I decided to take the National Alliance out of the typewriter and index-card age and into the computer age, I bought a TRS-80, Model II, computer with the maximum amount of memory its Z80A processor could handle; all of 64 kilobytes. That's kilobytes, not megabytes. It had no hard drive, of course. All data and programs,
including the operating system, resided on an eight-inch floppy diskette — except for the startup program, which was hardwired on a computer chip known as a ROM, or read-only memory chip. And this was all top-of-the-line equipment, the best you could buy in those days. I paid about $8,000 for the computer, an extra eight-inch floppy drive to give me more data storage space, and a painfully slow dot-matrix printer which I had to wire to the computer myself, since there were no readymade cables available and the pins on the printer didn't match the pins on the back of the computer.
Under these primitive conditions every byte of memory and every byte of program code was precious. I wrote my own programs back then in BASIC, and I was careful to put no unnecessary bytes into my program code. I used every shortcut and abbreviation I could. The professionals who wrote operating systems and the big applications programs for the so-called “mainframe” computers used by the government and big corporations also had to be careful not to waste memory or storage space. One of the shortcuts I used which they also used in writing dates was to write only the last two digits of the year.
The programs were written so that they understood that the first two — unwritten — digits were “19.” Thus 1981 was written as “81.”
Of course, everyone understood that when the year 2000 arrived this shortcut would cause problems. We didn't worry much about that back in 1980, because 2000 was still a long way off and saving memory was more important Meanwhile, our whole society was undergoing a profound transformation as everything became computerized. Cash registers at checkout counters and elevators and traffic signals and the billing systems and keeping of medical records at doctors' offices r- everything was controlled by computers, and many of the programs in these computers used the old shortcuts. So did the ROM chips, which stored date and time information for the computers and which regulated many electrical devices other than computers.
Well, a few years ago the computer professionals began worrying about what would happen when the year 2000 dawned, and all of the computers and ROM chips in the world thought the date was January 1, 1900. Of course, by then computer memory and storage space were much larger, and so were the programs which con-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
FOR YtK
SECURE
YOUR
HOME ...
NOW!

Fact the obvious: A prolonged and severe utility and telecommunications breakdown after 2000 will result in much suffering and hunger.
Hungry men, attempting to feed themselves and their families, a	will	be	visiting neighborhoods - - possibly yours!
yflii //Mr	f	They will either beg for food.... or break in
• • • • •	and	steal	it!
WHERE DO
TVpteal Y2K alarmism. The goal of much of this allegedly help you survive the supposed crisis.
trolled computers. It was quite easy to begin using four digits for the year in all of the new programs — and in the new ROM chips. The problem was that there were literally millions of older computers and older programs in use around the world, and the task of upgrading all of them ... well, that was a problem!
Then the journalists heard about this problem, and they sensational' ized it. Then the right-wing cranks — and maybe a few left-wing cranks also — got into the act, and the first thing we knew, everyone was predicting that the sky will fall on New Year's Day 2000. According to the crank scenario, at the stroke of midnight on December 31, 1999, the world of government, finance, and commerce will come to an end, for all practical purposes. Computers all over the world will either shut down or begin giving spurious results, and then gradually the lights everywhere will go off because electrical power stations are all controlled by computers these days. Airliners will begin falling from the sky, as their onboard computers and the ground-based air traffic control computers cease functioning simultaneously. Vehicular traffic on die ground won't fare much better. Trains will stop running, and city streets will be blocked by wrecks at major intersections, because die computer-controlled traffic lights will have gone haywire. Telephones won't work, and the food in refrigerators will begin spoiling.
“information’’ is to sell various products that will
The government, of course, won't be able to function, because without its computers the IRS won't know who owes the government money or how much. Welfare and Social Security checks no longer will go out, and without their welfare checks the Blacks in the cities will begin to riot, kill, burn, and loot almost immediately. Within a few days roving bands of hungry people will be stripping the countryside bare.
The government will respond by calling in United Nations “peacekeeping” troops, declaring martial law, confiscating all privately owned firearms, and packing all White males — except registered Democrats and homosexuals — into concentration camps for eventual liquidation. Remember, Bill Clinton still will be in the White House, and this will be his chance to get even with all those people who humiliated him.
Even folks who haven't swallowed this entire crank scenario are worried that something drastic will happen, and the more cautious ones are stocking up on botded water, canned food, candles, and ammunition. I guess that there always has been a pretty strong streak of superstition and credulity in our people. There's always been a substantial element of the population ready to be deceived by improbable rumors, taken in by popular delusions, or swept away altogether by a general panic. People who believe that in this scientific age we're less superstitious than were our ancestors a thousand years
ago are just plain wrong. The White public today may not be quite as ready to believe that the appearance of a comet indicates that the end of the world is at hand or that touching a piece of the True Cross will cure warts or constipation, but that's not because they're less superstitious. Today the superstitions are different, but they're just as irrational and have a grip on at least as many people as did the old ones. Today the credulous believe in equality or in the miraculous powers of democracy — or in the end of the world as we know it on New Year's Day 2000.
Part of the fascination the “millennium bug” has for many people, I'm sure, is that it does involve the end of a millennium, and much of the old superstition about miraculous happenings at that time lies just beneath the surface for them. Some of these millennialists, of course, believe explicidy in the Second Coming of Jesus. Others may not have such explicit beliefs, but they still have forebodings of some sort of supernatural events connected with the beginning of the next millennium, and these forebodings make them readier to believe the crank predictions of a global disaster when all the computers get the date wrong.
So I'll make my own prediction. The main thing to watch out for on New Year's Day 2000 is crazed millen-nialists going berserk when the Second Coming fails to occur. Also a few right-wing nuts may launch a premature attack on the government, figuring that without its computers the government won't be able to fight back. But the lights will stay on, and airliners will not fell from the sky. And unfortunately the welfare checks will continue going out.
I'm able to make this prediction with some degree of confidence because, contrary to what some journalists and cranks would have you believe, the computer professionals and the government have been working hard on the “Y2K” phenomenon for some time. The IRS and the Social Security Administration have brought out of retirement a lot of programmers who are familiar with the older programs the government is still using and have been paying them premium wages to check these programs and repair any problems associated with the way they handle dates. The
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
big banks and other corporations who handle their own computer programming have been doing the same thing. And because they understand that their survival depends on it, they will have the problems essentially fixed in time.
Most smaller businesses depend on computer service companies for all of their hardware and software, and most of these service companies also will have the problem fixed for their customers. The people who will have difficulties when the year 2000 dawns are the proprietors of small businesses who switched over to computers themselves more than five or six years ago, much in the way I computerized die National Alliance, and who have been too busy recendy to change to newer software. And if they have trouble with their accounting or billing programs in the year 2000, a few of them may go bankrupt, but that won't cause the traffic lights to stop working or the food in your refrigerator to spoil.
All of the newer operating systems and ROM chips which have come out recendy are free of the Y2K problem. Windows 95 or any later operating system will be OK, as will just about any hardware or software produced since 1997 — and much which was produced earlier. So go ahead and stock up on botded water and ammunition if you want. Being prepared for social disorder is a good idea these days. But there are much more serious things than the “millennium bug” for you to worry about during the next 14 months.
In general those things are the things I've been talking about fairly regularly on these programs: things like the Jewish domination of our mass media of news and entertainment, the corruption of our political system, the decline of the quality of education in America, the breakdown of our judicial system, the problem of non-White immigration, the likelihood of getting America into another war in the Middle East for the benefit of Israel, the continued globalization of America's economy, the efforts of the “hate speech” crowd to stamp out free speech. Those are all real problems.
Let's use the remaining time today to talk about the media. I mentioned in my broadcast last week that the fact that the Jews make up a dom-
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
inant group in the media is not the only problem we have with the mass media in America. One problem is the lemming-like behavior of most journalists, their inability to take an independent position on anything. And another problem is that there are some real nut-case liberals in positions of authority in the media, some people who are absolutely crazed by their obsession with using the media under their control to promote truly lunatic ideas of equality, for example.
I've known for a long time that there are certain rules and taboos that all journalists are expected to obey stricdy, even though in the past the media bosses usually have been careful not to have these rules actually written down so that they can be scrutinized and perhaps criticized by an outsider. It is forbidden, for example, to portray Blacks in a bad light. If one is casting for a drama which has a villain, one must not choose a Black for the role of villain. Blacks must not be portrayed as stupid or vicious or immoral. The only exception is for productions which are all-Black or nearly so: the sort of films that Spike Lee makes, for example, where the hero and the heroine and everyone else are Black. The same protection from being portrayed negatively also applies to Jews, but even more so. If you need a villain in your production, the safest thing to do is make him blonde, preferably with a German accent.
And in any film or television drama which is set in the 1930s or 1940s and touches in any way on the Second World War or on National Socialist Germany, the Germans have to be the bad guys. It is absolutely forbidden to portray Hider or any of his followers or his policies positively. One can portray Stalin positively. One certainly can portray Trotsky or Kaganovich or any of the other Jew-ish-communist mass murderers positively. But not the Germans who were fighting against those Jewish-commu-nist mass murderers. One can't make a pro-German film and then leave it up to viewers to decide whether or not they like it. It will never get to the viewers. They will never have the option of expressing their approval or disapproval. One of the rules is, you must not portray Hider positively. Period.
7
Now the rules finally are coming out of the closet — at least, where newspapers are concerned. Socially conscious editors and publishers are doing their bit for diversity and affirmative action and equality by spelling out the rules for those benighted journalists who aren't bright enough to figure it out for themselves. The old rule that racial minorities, homosexuals, et cetera always must be portrayed positively is on paper now and is being elaborated on in detail. The Los Angeles Times has been a pioneer in this regard, but the rules are being enforced at many other newspapers as well.
Among other things, reporters are required to “mainstream” their stories, both in content and in their use of sources. To “mainstream” a story means to make it “fit” the ideological paradigm of the multicultural-ists. If you're doing a story on global wanning, say, you don't focus on the climatic changes in North America or Europe: instead you tell readers how global warming will affect the lives of people in Bangladesh or Zambia. And you don't go to a White male meteorologist at an American university for your information: instead you get a quote from someone at the University of Kenya, preferably a Black lesbian meteorologist with AIDS. You score extra points if you can figure a way to let the readers understand that your source is not only Black and female but also is a lesbian with AIDS without being too obvious about it.
One trendy aspect of reporting the news these days, both in print and electronic media, is to poll people: a television crew stops people on the street and asks, “Do you believe Bill Clinton should go to jail for lying to the grand jury?” This is supposed to tell viewers what the average person is thinking. Now, if you want your career to go places, you don't bother to ask White males what they're thinking. You go for “diversity” in choosing the people whose opinions you ask.
The problem with that is that some people will give answers that make diem look stupid. So reporters are asked to complete a checklist which includes the two questions: “Am I furthering stereotypes as I seek diversity?” and “Am I batding stereotypes?” And of course, what that
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
A “stereotypical” image of a Black
means in plain English is that the reporter had better be sure that all of the Blacks he polls come across as brain surgeons or rocket scientists. They'd better not look like or sound like typical Blacks, because that would be “furthering stereotypes.” If you're a television reporter, when you do your editing you weed out the Black interviewees who fit the stereotype and keep the ones who don't If you're a newspaper reporter it's easier: you just clean up the grammar of your Black interviewees. The rules also apply to the selection of illustrations for newspaper stories. You get the most points if you can use a photograph of a racially mixed couple.
And as I said, this is no longer just an unwritten rule that the media must make Blacks and other minorities look good. More and more it's in print, and reporters and editors know they are being graded on the degree to which they distort reality to make it “fit” the crazed vision of the egalitarians, a vision of a just and peaceful society dominated by wise and benevolent Blacks, homosexuals, and feminists and in which White males are kept in their place. Media people actually are given questionnaires to fill out which remind them that their responsibility is not to report the world as it really is but rather as the nutcase egal-
TIME
M’WF.Vl, l-vSI K
A cast of lalcBicd innovalors technique-' to become the latest
Heroes of MedicineHn
itarians see it and as they want it to be.
So now we can understand the situation I have pointed out in several recent broadcasts:	the
refusal of the media to report news of racial crimes against Whites, except locally, and their frenzied enthusiasm in reporting racial crimes by Whites. It's not inadvertent at all. It's not even an unconscious bias. It is a deliberate effort to present the public with a distorted view of the world, a deliberate effort to make the public see the world the way the lunatic egalitarians see it, and that is a world in which Blacks and other non-Whites are the peaceful and inoffensive victims of vicious, oppressive, racist, heterosexual White males. That's their view of the world. It's completely unreal, but it's the view they want the general public to accept.
These people used to be sneakier about their motives, but in the Clinton era they seem to believe that they can let it all hang out. One of them is Mark Wiiles, the publisher of the Los Angeles Times. Earlier this year — in May — Wiiles boasted to the Wall Street Journal about having written rules at the Los Angeles Times for “mainstreaming” all of the news printed by his paper. He insisted, he told the Wall Street Journal, that all of his reporters meet strict quotas for non-Whites and women in quoting people in news stories.
And Wiiles, so far as I have been able to determine, isn't a Jew. He was, however, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania during the 1960s, when there was a great deal of turmoil on American university campuses. Jews were organizing pro-Viet Cong demonstrations, Blacks were occupying deans' offices and making all sorts of demands, and most university administrators didn't have the guts or the will to deal firmly with the disrup-

A ’’proper” image of a Black
tions. I was a professor too at the time, and I remember the reactions of my colleagues. Some, like William Shockley and Arthur Jensen, stuck to their guns and had their classes disrupted and their tires slashed. I left the university, so that I could begin writing about what was happening. But most, including Wiiles, just went with the flow. They were intimidated, and they adapted. They surrendered morally. And now our whole society is paying the price for this moral failure.
From my point of view, there are no more despicable criminals in our society than these people like Wiiles, who went with the flow. These people who suppress and distort the news today because of their own moral failure back in the 1960s are more deserving of punishment even than the Black criminals they cover for.
Additional Reading: John Leo, “Quoting by Quota,” U.S. News & World Report, June 29, 1998
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Millennium Bug &. ‘Mainstreaming’ the News,” aired on October 17, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to FREE SPEECH:
Enclose $*o for a one yeah subscription to FBEE SPEECH
Name _____________________________________________________   Mail	Tq:
.	National	Vanguard	Books
Addbese---------------------------------------------------   P.O.Box	330
................. Hillsboro,	WV	2*9*s
Your subscription helps to keep AMERICAN DISSIDENT VOICES on the air.
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
9
“Hate Crimes” and the New World Order
There have been a few items in the news during the past few days which have caught my attention, and I want to share my thoughts on these things with you.
One of these items was the reaction to the robbing and killing of a homosexual man in Laramie, Wyoming, earlier this month. I'm sure you've heard about that a number of times by now: the controlled media really have been raising a fuss about it everywhere. Mr. Clinton, of course, commented solemnly to the nation on it and held it up as another reason for enacting the Federal “hate crime” law that the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith and other Jewish groups have been clamoring for.
Just to refresh your memory, on October 6 a 21-year-old homosexual, Matthew Shepard, went into a bar in Laramie, picked up two other young men he thought were homosexuals but who were not, and left with them. Shepard's intention was to have sex with his two new-found acquaintances; their intention was to rob him. And that's what they did. They also gave him a vicious beating and left him tied him to a fence. He died six days later.
Let me assure you that I do not approve of such incidents. Prior to the Clinton era — way back before homosexuality became a government-favored lifestyle — when I was in military school, some of my classmates occasionally amused themselves by going into bars known to be homosexual hangouts, letting themselves be picked up by a homosexual, then beating him up and robbing him. They called it “rolling a queer.” I considered it an especially lowlife sort of criminal activity. And today I believe that, just as our society should not tolerate homosexuals or public homosexual behavior, neither should it tolerate the lowlife criminals who prey on them.
Shepard, of course, knew that he was taking a big chance when he left
Matthew Shepard, a homosexual looking for casual sex with strangers, was treated as a martyred saint by the media.
the bar with two strangers — especially in a town like Laramie, which is not San Francisco. Media people have been complaining that if two homosexuals hold hands or kiss in public in Laramie, they are liable to be insulted by other residents. Imagine that! Anyway, a homosexual anywhere who goes into a bar which is not an exclusive homosexual hangout and tries to pick up a “date” is asking for trouble, and Shepard found it.
But you know, the only reason this Shepard case is of interest to us is that the media bosses decided that it could be made to serve their purpose, and so they brought their television cameras to Laramie. And when the television cameras arrived, all of the eager-beaver local politicians and the oh-so-righteous preachers hastened to express their shock and horror about the awful “hate crime.” And then various hysterical women grabbed their chance to become emotional in front of the cameras as they affirmed their Political Correctness. And then, as I mentioned, Bill Clinton got into the act too.
Now, you know and I know that if Matthew Shepard had been killed by two of his fellow homosexuals in
an argument over the affection of another homosexual, we never would have heard of it. Or if his killers had been Black instead of White we never would have heard of it. Let me tell you about another brutal and sadistic killing which occurred just a few days before the Shepard killing. This one took place in the Madison County, Alabama, jail. A 19-year-old retarded man, Robert Sevigny, was arrested on the charge that he had said some sexually suggestive things to a girl under 16 years old. He hadn't done anything, just used “suggestive” language. He was, after all, retarded, and he was heterosexual. And he had never hurt anyone. He was a gentle and friendly person. While he was in jail the other inmates tortured him and beat him to death. Why? They told police that they had done it because Sevigny was weak and naive, because he didn't know how to defend himself, and it amused them to kill him.
Now, I'll wager that this is the first you've heard of Sevigny's murder, which occurred last month. The reason you haven't heard of it is that Sevigny was White, and the inmates who tortured and beat him to death are Black. I'll guarantee you that you would have heard of it if Sevigny had been Black and the other inmates had been White. Mr. Clinton would have told you about it. Hysterical women would have wrung their hands and cried in front of the television cameras as they proclaimed their shock and horror over the “hate crime.”
I'll tell you about something else which happened a few days ago that you haven't heard about. A Black man, Arthur Bomar, was convicted early this month of rape, first-degree murder, and sexual abuse of a corpse. Bomar had driven up behind a car driven by a 22-year-old White university student, Aimee Willard. Aimee was home on summer vacation from George Mason University, which is in Fairfax, Virginia. She was visiting her
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
parents in Philadelphia, when Bomar deliberately bumped her car. She got out to check for damage; he grabbed her, beat her savagely with a tire iron, tore her clothes off, raped her, and then dumped her corpse in a vacant lot
Now, I don't have to tell you why you didn't hear about that vicious, depraved crime, unless you live in Philadelphia and caught a brief mention of it on the local news, but have heard about the killing of Matthew Shepard over and over again regardless of where you live. But I'll tell you anyway. The reason is that Matthew Shepard is one of them, as is Arthur Bomar, as are the Black inmates in the Madison County Jail, and as also are the hysterical, hymn-singing women demonstrating against “hate” in Laramie. They're all part of the Clinton coalition, all part of the “diverse” crowd which can be counted on to get on whatever bandwagon the media bosses are driving.
Something else, entirely different, which has really been in the news a lot recendy is the situation in the Yugoslav province of Kosovo. The ethnic Albanians in Kosovo would like for the province to be detached from Yugoslavia and become part of Albania. The Serbs, who are the ethnic majority in Yugoslavia, are not willing to give Kosovo to the Albanians. So there's been a civil war going on in Kosovo — and, this being the Balkans, it's been an especially cruel and bloody civil war. The Serbs have been massacring Albanians of all ages and both sexes. And the Albanians are not above castrating the Serbian soldiers they capture and then gouging out their eyes. That's the way wars always have been fought in the Balkans — at least, since the Turks brought their Oriental methods of warfare to the area during the Middle Ages. Fighting against the Turks for a few hundred years and surviving makes a people hard. So now the Clinton administration wants to send an international “peacekeeping” force into Kosovo to keep the Serbs from killing any more Albanians — at least, that's what he says — and the U.S.
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
Two of Sevigny’s accused killers: Steven Dillard and Nara Lemons
government is threatening to bomb and rocket the Serbs if they refuse to cooperate. Of course, it's all being done under the guise of a NATO operation, although it's really the gang of Jews around Clinton who're pulling the strings: Holbrook, Albright, Berger, and the rest.
I don't like it. This business of forcing the Serbs to be nice to the Albanians really is worse than the sending of U.S. and NATO troops into Bosnia in 1995 to stop the fighting between Bosnian Serbs, Muslims, and Croats. Bosnia, after all, is an independent country, and a substantial portion of the people invited the U.S. forces in, more or less. In Kosovo we're proposing to force our way into a sovereign country which doesn't want us in order to make the people there behave the way we think they should. Suppose the rapidly growing Hispanic-mestizo minority in Texas or California decided to start a civil war aimed at returning one of those states to Mexico, and we got rough with the mestizo rebels. Perhaps we should permit the United Nations to come into Texas or California and force us to be nice. Actually, to the Clintonista gang, that's not an unreasonable proposition.
You know, I am not against this meddling in Kosovo because I am on the side of the Serbs. I had an older friend, now deceased, who was an American bomber pilot during the Second World War. He was shot down over the Balkans and managed to make contact with Serbian communist partisans who hid him from the Germans and eventually smuggled him through the German lines to a part of Yugoslavia which was not under German control. Before he left they had a celebration for him, and to entertain him they killed, in an especially sadistic way, some German prisoners they had captured. My friend was horrified, and the Serbs didn't
Robby Sevigny
understand why. And just as I did not approve of the torture and murder of German prisoners 55 years ago, I didn't approve of the Serbs raping and then cutting the throats of Muslim Bosnian women five years ago, and I don't approve of their slaughtering of Albanian children today. But, as I said a minute ago, this seems to be the way things are done in the Balkans, and the Serbs also get tortured and slaughtered when their enemies get the upper hand over them.
But you know, we Americans are responsible at least in part for the current hatred and bloodshed in the Balkans. We had this idiotic idea after the First World War that we could erase centuries-old ethnic boundaries, mix people of various ethnicities together in artificial countries such as Yugoslavia and Czechoslovakia, and make them like it. The same sort of thing was reinforced by the communists after the Second World War, after we made it possible for the communists to impose their will on much of Europe. And so when these people begin unmixing themselves through the process of ethnic cleansing, we bear a substantial part of the responsibility.
And so now we are forcing ourselves on these people again, just as we did after the last two world wars, telling them how to behave. Let's just be sure that we really understand what we're doing. The media bosses and the Hebraic gang around Mr. Clinton would have us believe that we're threatening the Serbs with air strikes and an occupation force in order to save the lives of Albanian children. Baloney! Do you believe that Madeleine Albright really cares about children — that is, non-Jewish children? She's the one who in arguing for maintaining the embargo against Iraq said that she thought that the lives of half a million Iraqi children who had died because of the embargo was not an unreasonable price to pay for keeping Saddam Hussein uncomfortable.
No, for the Clinton gang he only motivation for imposing its will on Kosovo is to set another precedent for he New World Order. They want he people of the world to become accustomed to he idea of “peacekeeping” forces and punitive air strikes whenever a country fails to obey orders or
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
to conduct its internal affairs in an “approved” way.
Murdered Albanian children simply provide the sort of excuse needed to fool the	short-
sighted American public into	going
along for the ride.
What does the American public think about starved Iraqi children? Not much, because the public doesn't have much chance to see starved Iraqi children on television,	and when	the
public does	occasionally	see	them
their plight is blamed on Saddam Hussein, not on Madeleine Albright and her crew.
As I said, as much as I disapprove of some of the things the Serbs do, I am opposed to using American pilots or American ground forces to compel them to change their ways. I don't like the precedents being set. We may very well see those precedents applied to California or Texas in the not-too-distant future.
You know, if we are going to be the world's bully — if we are going to take the position that we have the right to tell everyone else what to do, but no one has the right to tell us what to do because we're bigger than die rest — then let's be honest about it. Let's just let everyone know that we can push the Serbs around if they mistreat the Albanians, but nobody can push us around if we forcefully put down a mestizo revolution in the southwestern United States.
The most important advantage of honesty is not that it gains us the respect of the rest of the world; it is that it helps us understand what's really going on. The deceit our government has been practicing serves more to keep the American people confused about motives and interests than anything else. It's clear that we can have a proper policy and make proper decisions only when we know what our motives are and understand whose interests are being served by our actions. I'm not really opposed to being a bully, if we do it honesdy: if we have as our motive doing what is best for our people, for our European race.
But of course, we can't do that as long as the Clintonistas are in place
and as long as most of our mass media are in the hands of the Jews. And as long as that deplorable and dangerous situation lasts, then every patriot must be opposed to the sort of policy the Clinton gang is pushing in Yugoslavia: this policy of telling other countries how they must handle their internal affairs and then bombing them if they don't obey. It is a policy which pretends to offer humanitarian relief to the Albanians but which in fact just strengthens the tyrannical hand of the New World Order crowd.
It is the same sort of bullying policy which led to our blowing up a pharmaceutical factory in Sudan a few weeks ago: a deceitful, bullying policy. We claimed the pharmaceutical factory was a facility for making nerve gas. That claim increasingly appears to be unsupportable. It looks like we destroyed that pharmaceutical factory primarily because we knew we could get away with it — we knew that the Sudanese weren't strong enough to hit back — and the Clinton gang believes it's smart to slap the Muslims in that part of the world around every now and then so they won't think about making trouble for Israel.
If we were serious about controlling die proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, then Sudan certainly is not the country that needs to be slapped around. You know and I know that there is only one country in that part of the world which is a threat to world peace or to our interests and which also has a huge stockpile of weapons of mass destruction.
Iran and Iraq can drop anthrax bombs on each other, or Jordan can nuke Damascus with a stolen warhead, or the Syrians can rocket Cairo with nerve gas — and it will be worrisome if that happens — but there's really no way we can prevent it, short of depopulating the entire area ourselves. Iran and Iraq already have used poison gas against each other during their war in the 1980s. The bright side of the situation is that most of these Middle Eastern countries have only local interests, and they have very limited capability for making trouble beyond their immediate neighbors.
The one country which serves as a constant irritant in that part of the world, the one country which provides an incentive for all the rest to acquire weapons of mass destruction,
11
is Israel. Israel is the only country there which has been engaged in military conflict against all of her neighbors at one time or another during the past 25 years. Israel is the only country there which we know has been engaged in the development and manufacture of nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons on a large scale and which has major stockpiles of all of these weapons now. And really more significant than these other observations is the fact that Israel is the only country there with global ambitions, the only country there with megalomaniac delusions of grandeur and galloping paranoia, a combination which makes dealing with Israel like trying to negotiate with a certified lunatic who has his finger on the trigger of a doomsday device.
If you're a careful reader of newspapers, you may have noted the dispute between Israel and the government of the Netherlands which has been raging this month. Six years ago an Israeli 747 cargo jet on its way from New York to Tel Aviv crashed into an Amsterdam neighborhood, killing 39 people on the ground. It was the worst air disaster the Netherlands has experienced. If you don't remember reading about it, it's because news agencies in America decided that it was a piece of news you really didn't need to know. Ordinarily such things are kept hushed up permanendy, but what has caused this story to flare up recendy is that a lot of people in the Amsterdam neighborhood where the crash occurred have been coming down with strange and serious ailments.
The Israeli aircraft had among its cargo 50 gallons of dimethyl meth-ylphosphonate — DMMP for short — which is an exotic chemical the only known manufacturing use for which is the production of the nerve gas sarin. Also on board were quantities of the other chemicals which are required, along with DMMP, to produce sarin. The Jews, of course, are angrily insisting that their aircraft was carrying no “dangerous goods” over the Netherlands, that the DMMP on
Aimee Willard
Arthur Bomar
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
board was intended only for testing and research purposes, and that they aren't responsible for the sickness of the people who live near the crash site.
Now, everyone in the Nether' lands involved in the investigation of this crash, as well as everyone in the United States concerned with control' ling the spread of weapons of mass destruction, understands that the Jews are lying. They understand that the DMMP and the other chemicals on the Israeli 747 were for the manufacture of nerve gas. They understand that the United States never should have permitted the export of the DMMP — and in feet, would not have permitted its export to any country other than Israel. It is the one precursor chemical involved in the manufacture of sarin that is a little tricky to
make. Once you have the DMMP, a high school chemistry student can make sarin with it and a few other easily available chemicals. In other words, exporting DMMP to Israel is tantamount to supplying Israel with nerve gas for use against her neighbors or anyone else. Let's remember that Israel is a country which sends its agents into other countries to squirt exotic poisons into the ears of religious leaders it believes are hostile to the Jews.
So let's not put on quite such a big pretense of being worried about the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction when we blow up pharmaceutical factories in Sudan or threaten Saddam Hussein with another war. It may be that one of these days we will want to take drastic measures against people who are
building stockpiles of nerve gas. It may be that we will want to interfere in the internal affairs of Yugoslavia or some other country. It may be that we will decide that it is proper for us to dictate to all the governments of the world how they should behave. But until we get our own affairs in order and become masters in our own country, we'd better just butt out of everyone else's business.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program ‘“Hate Crimes’ and the New World Order,” aired on October 31, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Lesson of South Africa
We've spoken several times about the situation in South Africa — in particular, about the systematic murder of White farmers there by Blacks and the failure of the new Black government to stop the murders.
The slaughter continues. Since I spoke with you about this in June, another 67 White farmers or members of White farm families have been murdered in South Africa. Many of the murders have been accompanied by torture, rape, and mutilation. Altogether nearly six hundred White farmers have been murdered by Blacks in South Africa since the Whites agreed in 1993 to let the Blacks run the country. That's one per cent of South Africa's 58,000 White farmers. Imagine the uproar in America if one percent of any occupational group — say, White school teachers or White policemen — were brutally murdered, with racial motivations, by Blacks in a four-year period. Of course, South Africa's White farmers are in an uproar too, but they're receiving virtually no help from South Africa's Black government in dealing with the problem. The government says it has too many other problems to deal with.
And indeed it does. The per capita murder rate in South Africa is now more than ten times the rate in the United States. The HIV infection rate has continued to dimb, and now one in every five Black women of child-
South African farmer, Leon du Plessis, seldom ventures outside unarmed.
bearing age in South Africa is infected with the AIDS-causing virus. Carjackings are up sharply. Burglaries are up. Rapes have sky rocketed. It's a mess.
And of course, the controlled mass media in America, the mass media which were beating the drums
for an end to apartheid a few years ago, the news and entertainment media here which were pushing so hard for Black rule in South Africa and telling everyone that we must bring the injustice of White rule in South Africa to an end — these media which were telling us every day before 1993 how bad things in South Africa under White rule were — these controlled mass media in America are now strangely silent about South Africa. Now they have other fish to fry.
Last week I spoke at an international conference of nationalists in Thessaloniki, Greece. One of the other speakers at the conference was the foreign secretary of the most important White nationalist group in South Africa, the Herstigte National Party. I spoke with this man, Leon Strydom, about the killing of South African farmers, and the soaring crime rate in South Africa's cities, and the many other problems which are overwhelming White South Africans. I asked him, “What do the White South Africans who voted in 1993 to turn their country over to Black rule think about their suicidal foolishness
7 n
now:
His reply was, “But we never voted for Black rule! We never even voted to permit the Blacks to participate in elections. We only voted to continue the process of reform in
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
13
This 1995 Newsweek photo of schoolchildren in South Africa was captioned: “‘People are acting, talking, thinking more freely’: ‘Headboy’ at a newly desegregated primary school.” Newsweek has, of course, remained silent about South Africa’s descent into the Third World.
which the government of F W. DeK-lerk already was engaged, the process of modernization and relaxation of some of the stricter apartheid practices. We believed that this would help our relations with the rest of the world and still allow us to remain masters in our own country.”
I responded to this explanation by asking him, “But surely the voters must have understood that if they gave DeKlerk the OK to continue along his path of appeasement of the Blacks and the New World Order crowd, that would lead very soon to Black rule. They understood that, didn't they?” And he told me that most of the voters didn't understand that. They had believed their politicians' promise to maintain White rule. They had not expected DeKlerk and the others to betray them.
I was at first incredulous. How could White people be so foolish? But after I had thought about it for a few minutes, I realized that the average White person, whether in South Africa or the United States, is indeed that foolish. I believe that I tend to idealize White people in other countries, I tend to give them a little more credit for intelligence and moral rectitude than I give to Americans, and that's a mistake. The fact is that the majority of White Americans are quite capable of unwittingly voting for their own destruction, and so I should not be surprised that the Whites of South Africa did exacdy that. The majority of White Americans believe the lies of their politicians and preachers, and so it shouldn't surprise us that the Whites of South Africa did the same thing.
In South Africa there were of course the nutcase liberals and the trendy airheads who were happy to see Black rule come and who now can't quite figure out what went wrong when the earthly paradise of equality and interracial brotherhood didn't arrive as promised. But we have exacdy the same types in the United States. They're the ones who applaud Clinton when he gives his speech about how it will be a good thing when there is no longer a White majority in the United States in another 30 years or so, and then we can have real “diversity” and real
“brotherhood.” Our job, of course, is to do whatever it takes to ensure that our airheads never have to ask themselves what went wrong here. Our job is to disempower the trendies and the liberals before they have a chance to take us beyond the point of no return and say, “oops, we made a mistake.”
As for the great mass of the people here who are unwittingly headed in the direction of White minority status, the great mass of Americans who don't really want America to become a non-White country but who trust their politicians and their preachers and therefore are headed toward extinction anyway — as for the great mass of our people, education is the only course for us at this time. Our task is to give our people knowledge, to give them truth, and help at least some of them gather their wits and understand what is happening.
And you know, there is no more illuminating example, no better lesson for White Americans than what has happened and is happening in South Africa. That, of course, is exacdy why the controlled mass media here remain silent when White South African farmers are slaughtered, when
White South African women are gang-raped, and when many other very educational things happen in South Africa. So today let's briefly talk about some more of these South African things which it would be good for White Americans to know about, to think about, to ponder.
Perhaps the most instructive aspect of the South African tragedy is the betrayal of the people by those in whom they had placed their trust: principally their church leaders and their business/military/political establishment. Let's talk about the church first.
For the Anglo element in South Africa, the church — that would be primarily the Episcopal Church — wasn't of fundamental importance. Most of the English-speaking population didn't take their church very seriously, and everyone already understood that the Episcopal Church establishment was thoroughly rotten, was completely sold out. But for the Boer element, the Dutchspeaking element of the population, it was different. They really believed in their church:	that's the Dutch
Reformed Church. There was what
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
14
might be called a compact, a covenant, between the Dutch Reformed Church and the Boer people, and the Boers took their religion very seriously. Like most other Protestant sects, it was based heavily on the Old Testament. The Boers saw many parallels between the Old Testament pseudo-history of the Jews and their own history. They saw themselves as a Chosen People in the Promised Land and the Dutch Reformed Church as their protector and guide. And the Church to a certain degree did fill that role. The Church gave the Boers a scriptural basis for their lives, for their institutions — including the institution of apartheid — at least, up until the early 1980s.
I, of course, always have been very leery of churches in general, and I could see, as an outsider, some things in the teachings of the Dutch Reformed Church in particular which worried me: their tendency to identify with the Jews, for example. But whenever I would try to talk about my worries with South African visitors, I would be told that their church was absolutely solid. They had complete faith in their church. And of course, I didn't want to attack their faith, so I would drop the subject.
Well of course, when the crucial time came the Dutch Reformed Church did betray the Boers. Their church sold them out. Their church held them back from putting up any real resistance to the theft of their country. Why was that?
I don't believe that the Dutch Reformed Church in its earlier days was anything but what it pretended to be, and that was a Boer institution. I don't believe there was any long-running conspiracy in the Church to betray the Boers. But as the Boers prospered, so did the Church. The Church's leaders became prominent men, wealthy men. Many of the Boers' political leaders were ordained ministers in the Dutch Reformed Church. They were comfortable men, soft around die waist. They ate well and dressed well and lived well. And when the time came to make a hard choice: a choice between their people or their own comfortable positions . . . well, they made the kind of
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
choice that comfortable people tend to make.
The situation in South Africa at the beginning of this decade was one in which White South Africans were still quite well off, despite the efforts of the New World Order crowd everywhere else to starve them into submission with a trade embargo. The country was big enough and rich enough and with a strong enough farming and industrial base so that it was able to take care of its own needs fairly well. There was no danger at all of the African National Congress or any other Black terrorist group causing any really major problems. Dealing with Black terrorists was hardly more than an ongoing training exercise for the South African military and counter-terrorist forces. What the White South Africans should have done at that time was simply expel all Blacks, terrorists or not, from South Africa — or otherwise get rid of them — reorganize themselves as an all-White country, and tell the New World Order crowd in the United States to go to hell.
They didn't do that, for several reasons. One reason was that South Africans had let themselves become dependent on Black labor. Urban Whites couldn't imagine life without their Black gardeners and cooks and housemaids and their Black garbage collectors and so on. They weren't willing to do their own dirty work. On top of that, White businessmen weren't willing to give up their cheap Black laborers and pay White wages to White workers instead. In many cases it would have meant shutting down mines or factories, at least temporarily.
And the Dutch Reformed Church had sapped the moral strength of the Boers to the point that they just couldn't bring themselves to do what needed to be done. For at least 11 years before 1993 the Church had been back-pedaling on its racial doctrine. The Church would have made the Boers feel guilty if they had taken the hard measures against the Blacks that were called for to ensure the future of their own people. It was easy for the Blacks to contemplate massacring the Whites — the African National Congress had the slogan
“one setder, one bullet” — but the Whites could no longer contemplate massacring the Blacks without feeling guilty.
The Jews, of course, were pumping their own spiritual poison into the White population through the mass media, urging them in a thousand subde ways to surrender rather than fight. But it was betrayal by the Boer establishment — the Boer politicians and Church leaders and big businessmen — which sealed the fate of South Africa. The comfortable people wanted to stay comfortable. They didn't want to remain cut off from the rest of the world. They didn't want to have to tighten their belts and give up their profits and face a prolonged lean period as the New World Order tightened its sanctions on South Africa even more.
Many of them believed the lies of the Jews that things actually would get better in South Africa if the Blacks ruled and the sanctions were lifted. And so they lied to their own people and told them that if they would just go along with DeKlerk's plan of moderating apartheid, of reforming apartheid, then White rule would be maintained in South Africa. The Boer establishment — including the Boers' church — put its own short-term interests above the welfare, even the survival, of the Boer people. Greed prevailed over racial loyalty and racial responsibility.
In this regard it's interesting to note what the Dutch Reformed Church has been up to since 1993. If the Church's leaders expected South Africa's new Black rulers to be grateful to them for pushing their Boer constituents toward surrender, they badly miscalculated. So the Church has continued to try to accommodate itself to its new situation and somehow hold onto whatever it can. Actually, even before 1993 the Church had reversed its former doctrine and had told Boers that apartheid was a sin. The Boers at least had the gumption in 1994 to shoot the preacher, to shoot the former leader of their church, who was responsible for that change, but shooting just one traitor wasn't enough, and the Church kept back-pedaling anyway. Last month, the Dutch Reformed Church tried to
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
merge with a Black and mixed-race church in South Africa and open its membership to all races. The opposition of one of its provincial branches stopped the merger temporarily, but next month, or next year it will happen. And then the Dutch Reformed Church will have Black deacons and Black elders, just the way the Episcopal Church has Black bishops today.
And what about the other traitors? Well, F.W. DeKlerk was rewarded with a Nobel Peace Prize and joined the illustrious ranks of such Peace Prize winners as Henry Kissinger, Menachem Begin, Nelson Mandela, Desmond Tutu, Elie Wie-sel, and Yitzhak Rabin. Other Boer politicians also received their 30 pieces of silver and are holding down sinecures in the new government.
For the big businessmen things haven't gone so well. The horrific crime rate, together with the government's increasingly obvious corruption and growing inefficiency, has taken a toll. White urban professionals, no longer confident that they can protect their families, have been leaving the country in droves. This brain drain has created a critical shortage of management and other key personnel in many businesses and persuaded business owners to look for opportunities elsewhere. South Africa's Jews, in particular, after playing a key role in scuttling the country, are clearing out Not all of them, of course. There still are some business opportunities in South Africa. Jewish organized crime groups from the former Soviet Union have been moving part of their White slave trade to South Africa. They first bring their White slaves from eastern Europe to South Africa, and then ship them off to brothels in other countries. The new South African government looks the other way.
But in general, businessmen are leaving, and last month the largest business in South Africa, the Anglo American Corporation, announced its plans to move from Johannesburg to London early next year. The Anglo American Corporation, which used to be run by Harry Oppenheimer and is still very much under the influence of the Oppenheimer family and other wealthy Jews, was the company which more than any other pushed South
FREE SPEECH for November 1998
“Strength Through Diversity”: It was a lie in South Africa, and it is a lie here.
Africa toward Black rule. Even the Boer businessmen in the Anglo American Corporation were in favor of Black rule. All they could think about was getting the trade sanctions against South Africa lifted so they could improve their profits. They pushed other businesses into working to dismande apartheid also. The bosses of the Anglo American Corporation told the Boer people that apartheid was old-fashioned and unprofitable and that it had to go, that everything would be much better for the Boer people without apartheid.
And now that it hasn't worked out that way, the Anglo American Corporation is pulling out, moving to London, where the big businessmen can remain comfortable and safe, where there is no danger of their suffering the fate of the Boer farmers whom they betrayed.
So that's what has happened in South Africa. In America the rich and the comfortable, those who are part of the religious establishment or the business establishment or the political establishment, also have shown their false colors. The politicians in America, of course, always have been the rottenest of the rotten — at least, they have been that way since the mass media fell into the hands of the Jews.
15
And the Christian churches here, which even 60 or 70 years ago were still bulwarks of White American society, have fallen over each other since the Second World War in their scramble to adapt their doctrines and their practices to the Jewish party line. In the 1970s and the 1980s the churches in America were at the forefront of the institutions here pushing for Black rule in South Africa.
And, although they were a little slower than the rest to come around, America's big businessmen — and I'm talking about White businessmen, not Jews — clearly have decided that it will be more profitable for them — at least in the short run — to join the Jews instead of fighting them. There is hardly a major corporation in America which has not decided to base its business plans on a future non-White majority in America and to adjust all of its policies accordingly. The corporate bosses may vote Republican, and they may not personally relish the idea of their grandchildren living in a non-White America — but when it comes to choosing between profits now by going with the flow, or fighting for principles in the long run, the principles come second.
So what's the lesson for White Americans in all of this? Well, the lesson is that those who prosper from treason, or who believe that they will prosper from treason, will be traitors. There will be occasional exceptions to this rule, rare exceptions, but we'd better keep the rule itself in mind and not place our hope on the rare exceptions. If we want to survive as a people, as a race, then we must make treason unprofitable. We must make the preachers and the politicians and the corporate bosses believe that there will be no profit for them in treason. There is no other way.
Well, I'll not carry that thought any further at this time, but you think about it — and thanks for being with me again today.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Lesson of South Africa,” aired on November 7, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year