S peech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.
—John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • JANUARY 1995 •
VOLUME I, NUMBER 1
Kevin Alfred Strom, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America's only uncensored patriotic radio program. Basic subscriptions are $40 per annum, including special offers and quantity discounts on tapes and printed materials from National Vanguard Books; Defenders of the First Amendment who donate $300 per year or more will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles are edited and/or expanded for broadcast, and the editor alone is responsible for
the final form in which articles appear.
East Wind, Rain:l
Treason at Pearl Harbor
Fashibh
■hhhhhhhhm
mm.



by Kevin Alfred Strom
If you want to understand why the American government supports Communists in Haiti and South Africa—if you want to understand why neither Democrats nor Republicans will protect our borders from alien invasion—and if you want to understand why we are rapidly losing our freedoms that our fathers and their fathers fought to defend— then you must gain an understanding of the events that took place over a few days’ span over a half century ago.
The truth about this incident of treason against the American people and betrayal of our fighting men
is so shocking—and so revealing—that once heard, it will forever alter your view of our world and the forces that shape it. After hearing this broadcast, you will never be able to trust the controlled media again; and you will see with crystal clarity the hand of America’s enemies as they guide our government from disaster to disaster.
In the early morning of December 4th, 1941, at a US Navy shortwave monitoring station in Cheltenham, Maryland, a half-hour drive southeast of Washington, DC,
JAPANESE PILOTS bound for Pearl Harbor, below decks in their aircraft carrier, laugh as they listen to a radio broadcast from carefree Honolulu.
senior radio operator Ralph Briggs was just coming on duty. Briggs was 27 years old, had been with the Navy since the age of 20, and had worked with Naval Intelligence monitoring foreign shortwave broadcasts for four years. He had
P.O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946, USA
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
ROOSEVELT AND HIS JEWISH ADVISORS knew this would happen: The U.S.S. Shaw explodes after being hit by Japanese bombs during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
2
been an amateur radio operator, c*4l&jgi¥-W9NCM, since he was a teenager.
It seemed like an ordinary morning, as he tuned his receiver to the station and began transcribing what he heard. At 8 a.m. he received the message he had been waiting for. It seemed to be nothing more than a regional weather forecast, the kind that the stations he monitored transmitted every day during their news broadcasts. But Briggs, alone among the radio operators at Cheltenham, knew what the three words meant. They meant that the world was going to change in unpredictable but cataclysmic ways. They meant that many of his friends and countrymen would soon be dead. They meant that America would never be the same again. The three words were casually spoken during the regular news and weather feature from Radio Tokyo, Japan. The words were “East Wind, Rain." Briggs immediately tele-typed the message to Washington.
“East Wind, Rain” was one of three possible “execute” messages which Japanese diplomats around the world had been alerted to begin listening for on November 19th. They were told to monitor the regular news and weather broadcasts from Tokyo, just as they always did, but to pay especially careful attention to the phraseology employed to describe the weather.
If they heard the words “North Wind, Cloudy," it meant war with the Soviet Union.
If they heard the words “West Wind, Clear," it meant war with the British Empire,
And if they heard the words “East Wind, Rain," it meant war with the United States.
Just a few miles away from Cheltenham, in Washington, DC, at the Japanese embassy, Chief Petty Officer Kenici Ogemoto also was listening to the weather report. When he heard those fateful words, he immediately rushed into the office of the naval attache, Captain Yuzuru Sanematau, arid shouted “the winds blew” Sanematsu ran with Ogemoto back into the radio room
just in time to hear the Radio Tokyo announcer repeat the weather forecast, “Higashi no kaze ame”—“East Wind, Rain.” Instantly workers at the embassy began destroying their cryptographic equipment and codebooks, while others took the secret documents from their .files, piled them in huge heaps in the garden, and burned them. The Japanese diplomats knew that their embassies and consulates in the United States and its territories would soon be seized; and they themselves would soon be interned as enemy aliens pending their exchange for American diplomats in Japan. All their code-making and code-breaking hardware and software, and all their secret papers, had to be destroyed immediately.
The American government at that time was that of Franklin Roosevelt. It was the first presidential administration in the United States of which it can definitively be said that it was fully under alien control. Never before had so many subversive aliens and traitors, many of them out-and-out Communists, been ensconced in powerful positions; never before had the federal government increased its power over the states and the people to such an extent; never before —■ but often since.
To give you an idea of the true atmosphere of those times, which is
assiduously hidden from you by establishment historians and was covered up by the controlled media of the time, let me relate a little incident recounted in John T. Flynn’s book, The Roosevelt Myth.
In 1939 a Communist youth group calling itself the “American Youth Congress” was being investigated by the House Un-American Activities Committee, headed by Congressman Martin Dies. A group of Communists from the “Congress," including their leader Joseph P. Lash, Joe Cadden, and Abbot Simon, staged a series of protests against the investigation, at one point marching into the Committee room and attempting to disrupt the proceedings. They jumped over tables, shouted at the Congressmen, tossed Communist pamphlets about, and at one point Joseph Lash even began singing a foul and insulting song directed at Dies. Present at the time, and leading the assembled Communists in their protests, was none other than the wife of the President of the United States, Eleanor Roosevelt. Not only that, but the Communists had been chauffeured to their demonstration in official White House cars, and one of them, Lash, was living full-time at the White House, while Cadden and Simon were often boarders there.
Copyright ^J995 National Vanguard Books
P. O. Box 330, Hillsboro, VW 24440, UM
A member of Congress, who had been an ardent Roosevelt supporter, visited the White House one morning. While there, he was amazed to see Abbot Simon, a board member of a well-known Communist front organization, emerge from one of the bedrooms. He asked the White House usher if he had really seen what he thought he had seen. The usher assured him that he had indeed, and that Simon had been occupying the bedroom for two weeks, sleeping each night in a bed formerly used by Abraham Lincoln.
In such an atmosphere it is not surprising that the Roosevelt government was anxious to enter the war on the side of the Soviets. Nor is it surprising that Jewish interests, which also figured large in the Roosevelt regime (and in all administrations since), were also zealous in their efforts to involve the United States in the war against Germany, which by that time had removed organized Jewish interests from their former positions of power in that country. Also, it should be noted that in the 1930s and 1940s, the Jewish and Communist power structures were largely congruent, even to the extent of there being large numbers of individuals belonging to both groups simultaneously. Pressure from two overlapping interest groups, .both very influential in the White House, were pushing for war. But the American people were solidly against it—so much so that when campaigning for his third term in November, 1940, while World War II raged in Europe and America was officially neutral, Roosevelt told the American people in a speech in Boston carried by radio and by wire services around the nation:
I say to you fathers and mothers and I will say it to you again and again and again. Your boys will not be sent into foreign wars.
In fact, one week before Pearl Harbor, polls showed the American people a solid 75% against war, despite the best efforts of Roosevelt and the controlled media’s hate propaganda.
As we have already mentioned on a previous American Dissident Voices broadcast, Roosevelt’s Secre-
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
tary of War, Henry L. Stimson, entered in his diary two weeks before the attack on Pearl Harbor, the fact that FDR had stated to his cabinet that his plan was to maneuver Japan into war without America firing the first shot. And that is exactly what he did. Among many other things, he instituted a trade embargo against Japan, starving that resource-poor nation of vital industrial materials.
The Roosevelt government knew the meaning of the “East Wind, Rain” message. They knew it because American and British intelligence were able to read the Japanese diplomatic code, and they had intercepted and read the message from the Japanese foreign ministry of November 19th, 1941, which instructed Japanese embassies and consulates to be listening for the “winds” execute messages on their shortwave receivers, and which explained the meaning of the messages in no uncertain terms.
The powerful transmitters of Radio Tokyo broadcast the “winds” execute message several times that day, and it was heard and understood not only by Naval Intelligence in Cheltenham, Maryland, but also by other US monitoring stations around the nation; by the monitoring station of the Australian Special Intelligence Organisation located near Melbourne, Australia; by the British Intelligence intercept station on Stonecutter’s Island, Hong Kong; and of course by Japanese diplomats around the world.
After Ralph Briggs had tele typed the “winds” message to Washington, it was quickly transmitted to Army Signals Intelligence and to the White House. The teletype equipment then in use at Cheltenham produced an original and a copy at the sending end, and two copies at the Washington end. He also typed out another original and two carbon copies on a regular typewriter. These were all carefully filed.
Briggs was scheduled for weekend leave in Ohio the following Sunday, December 7,1941. It was there that he received the initial news of the Japanese surprise attack on the US Pacific fleet at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. He, and the rest of the staff
3
at Cheltenham, knew that war was imminent, but felt that America was forewarned and well prepared. He felt certain that the Japanese had fallen into a well-laid trap. In fact, the first and heavily censored news reports of the attack claimed that the Japanese had sunk only one “old battleship” and one destroyer, and that the Japanese had suffered heavy casualties. It was not too long before the truth came out, however, and Briggs and everyone else came to know what the Japanese commanders knew as they radioed back “Tora! Tora! Tora!,” meaning “Tiger! Tiger! Tiger!,” their signal indicating that the attack was successful and had been a complete surprise.
Ralph Briggs’ immediate superior was Chief Petty Officer Radioman Daryl Wigle. In a recent interview, Briggs says: “When I came off of that weekend I had a chance to talk with Wigle, and I said What happened?’ And he said, *1 don’t know, all I can say is nobody’s talking,’ and that was the end of our conversation. No one knew anything. So I let it rest, as by then with war declared we were very busy. But in the next month, as we began to hear the real facts about our losses, that’s when I started looking back through our records for that ‘execute’ intercept and to see what I’d done with it.” But Ralph Briggs found nothing in the files. Every copy of the “winds” message had mysteriously vanished.
On the 24th of September, 1941, the Army’s shortwave radio monitoring station at Oahu, Hawaii, intercepted a message from Tokyo to the Japanese consul, Nagao Kita, in Honolulu. This monitoring station’s job was to intercept all traffic to the Japanese consul there, and also all traffic on the Tokyo-Berlin and To-kyo-Moscow radio circuits. But none of the radio operators or codebreakers in Hawaii were cleared to decode the material—it was all sent on to Washington in encrypted form, exactly as received.
The message to Nagao Kita divided Pearl harbor up into several numbered target areas for an aerial attack and requested him to make a twice-weekly report to Tokyo on the vessels at anchor in Pearl Harbor
Copyright 9/J99S National Vanguard Books
P.O. BiVi 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946, USA
4
and their exact locations. Never before had the Japanese asked for such attack plan information about, any American military installation. The codebreakers in Washington knew the significance of this message—they even called it The Bomb Plot Message. Yet Washington did not pass this information along to the Army and Navy commanders in Hawaii. At least three messages about the bomb plan for Pearl Harbor passed between Tokyo and the Japanese consulate in Hawaii. All of them were read by Washington, the last that we know of on December 3d. None were passed along to the American commanders at Pearl Harbor.
The Roosevelt government not only were reading the Japanese diplomatic code, they were also reading the Japanese naval code. A strange twist of fate helped the American codebreakers just a few days before the attack. The Japanese naval code was normally changed every six months. After each change, it took the British and American codebreakers a few weeks to crack the new code.
The next change date was December 1 st, but due to the fact that some Japanese naval communication units had not yet received their new codebooks in time, the date for the code change was pushed back to December 4, thus giving our codebreakers valuable extra days of Japanese naval intelligence.
The Japanese also made the error after December 4 of communicating with some units, who still hadn't received their code tables, in the old code while at the same time sending the same messages to others in the new. Slips like this are a codebreaker’s fondest dream, and greatly speeded the process of cracking the new code.
Washington knew through reading the Japanese naval traffic that all Japanese merchant vessels were to return to their home waters by December 7th. This information was not given to the commanders at Pearl Harbor
FREE SPEECH tor January 1995
Washington knew through reading the Japanese naval traffic that a huge task force, including a large group of aircraft carriers, was sailing into the Pacific on November 26th for an eight-day voyage and was to reach its standby position and refuel on December 4th. Washington also knew that there was no possible target in the Pacific that required the use of carrier-borne aircraft except Pearl Harbor. This information was not given to the commanders at Pearl Harbor.
On the 27th of November, Washington learned through the Dutch attach^ in Washington (who had also received a decrypt of the Japanese naval message ordering the task force to sea from his own intelligence men in the Dutch East Indies) that the task force's most likely direction was east and that its most likely target was Pearl Harbor. This information was not passed along to the American commanders at Pearl Harbor.
And on December 2d, the day after which the naval code would normally have been changed, Wash-
ington intercepted and read tL message giving the date for the at tack. “Climb Mount Niitakayarria 1208.” Mount Niitakayama wag then the highest mountain in the Japanese Empire and was the code word for the attack, and 12-8 Japa. nese time is 12-7 Hawaiian time This message was also intercepted and read by British intelligence who concluded, according to one of their number, W. W. Mortimer of the British Far East Combined Bu-reau, that since no task force had been sighted in waters south of Japan, the only target that fitted the length of voyage, midocean refueling, and the inclusion of aircraft carriers was Pearl Harbor, and that an attack on Sunday, December 7, (the date given in the Japanese message) would offer the greatest element of surprise there. This information was passed along to Washington, who, once again, did nothing to warn the commanders at Pearl Harbor.
Ladies and gentlemen, only in the last few years has the information obtained by the breaking of the Japanese naval codes been available to the public. But even the limited knowl-edge we had earlier of the decryption of the diplomatic codes was enough to indicate to any reasonable man that Franklin Roosevelt and the men around him should have been tried for treason and for the betrayal of every American fighting man—not only those who died on that fateful day of December 7th, 1941, but every one who died or was maimed for life in that entire suicidal and fratricidal conflict called World War Two.
Until 1990, the United States government refused to admit that the Japanese naval code even existed, much less had been broken But now leaks uncovered by diligent researchers have finally thrown aside the curtain. The governments of the US and Britain still keep a tight lid of secrecy on important aspects of the Pearl Harbor story Many documents are missing from the records of the period. Some have
DECEMBER 8th, 1941: Hypocritically wearing a black armband of mourning for the American dead at Pearl Harbor, Franklin Roosevelt endorses a death warrant for nearly 300,000 US soldiers as he signs the declaration bringing America into World War II.
Copyright *7995 National Vanguard books
P. (X Bax JJO, Hills bom, WV 24940, UM
been altered. What we do have is so damning, though, that no farther confirmation of the essentials is necessary. When a patriotic administration takes power someday in Washington, the declassification of all records of the treason of the Roosevelt regime will fill in the details of this story, and no doubt other crimes will be uncovered. But on this we are certain: the administration knew, at the very highest level, what was going to happen at Pearl Harbor. They wanted it to happen, because they wanted America to go to war against Germany. Since Germany would not do anything to justify an American declaration of war, despite Roosevelt’s secret war against Germany in the Atlantic and his multiple provoca-
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
tions and violations of American neutrality, Roosevelt was forced to provoke Japan, which was Germany’s ally. Roosevelt and his henchmen cared so little for the lives of American soldiers, and so much for their plan to get us into the war, that they chose not to warn our commanders at Pearl Harbor. Roosevelt wanted the Americans at Pearl Harbor to suffer a horrible defeat so that the outrage of the American people at Japan would send the 75% of the American people who had been against the war down to the enlistment offices, and in this he was entirely successful.
I have only been able to relate to you a tiny portion of the story of Pearl Harbor in this half hour. The events of December 7th, 1941 were
pivotal to the subsequent history of our nation and civilization. An understanding of those events will deepen your understanding of our nation’s current plight.
This article was based on the American Dissident Voices broadcast of 10th December, 1994. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available on request for $12 postpaid. Readers wishing to learn more about Pearl Harbor and its aftermath should read Infamy by JohnToland (item #324, $5.95 plus postage and handling), and Betrayal at Pearl Harbor by British intelligence experts Rusbridger and Nave (item #234, $19.95 plus postage and handling), available from National Vanguard Books.
It’s Genocide
by Robert Thompson
Those who listen regularly to this program know that I am steadfastly opposed to what is called “The New World Order,” that is, I am opposed to the establishment of world government under the United Nations and other international entities.
The establishment of world government, which is taking place now and has been taking place since the War to Impose the New World Order ended in 1945, will mean the end of American freedom.
We have reached the point where the President of the United States feels more obligated to obtain United Nations permission for US military action than he feels obligated to obtain authorization from Congress.
Since we are so far down this dangerous road, I think it is wise to step back and look at the ostensible purposes of the United Nations, and how well its actions stand up to its professed principles.
One of those professed principles is opposition to genocide, that is, the attempted destruction of a people. Let us look at the UN definition of genocide.
The following quote is from the United Nations “Genocide Convention”:
Acts Constituting Genocide
Article II
In the present Convention, genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnic, racial or religious group, as such:
(a)	Killing members of the group;
(b)	Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group;
(c)	Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part;
(d)	Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group;
(e)	Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group.
Genocide, by the above definition, applies to national groups, including Americans; and ethnic groups, including people of European descent in the United States and South Africa; as much as any other groups. It is my contention that the people of European descent of this world are the targets of a constant, consistent, systematic, sustained campaign of genocide, with the intention of humiliating, subjugating, and eventually elimi-
nating our people. This is being accomplished on two levels: by means of both overt and covert government coercion; and by means of both an open psychological warfare campaign and, using sophisticated psy-war techniques, a subliminal psywar campaign.
Think about racial integration. The laws which formerly protected
A WHITE CHILD: You would not leave her at the meroy of a rapist, so why do you allow "do-gooders'* to subject her to rape and a thousand other degradations in the name of "integration"?
P.O. Bax 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946, USA
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
the freedom of association of differ* ont racial groups, who in all of recorded history have shown a strong tendency to segregate themselves and evinced a strong desire to live among their own kind and by their own values, were all reversed by illegal decrees of a leftist Supreme Court, until today freedom of association is virtually illegal, except, so far, in the bedroom. All human societies, and indeed all forms of higher life on this planet, require an exclusive territory for their survival. Nations and species both defend their territories, sometimes unto death, because that truth is graven upon their hearts at a very deep, instinctual level. It is this inner knowledge of the need for an exclusive territory that makes us naturally group together along ethnic lines and makes our young men willing to fight and die to keep our territory—our country—for ourselves. We cannot survive unless we have a territory exclusively our own. Integration takes that away from us.
According to section C of the Genocide Convention, genocide is “Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part." One look at the interracial murder and interracial rape statistics put out by the FBI is enough for any reasonable person to see that Americans of European descent have been under a constant physical assault, due in no small part to the promotion of “integration.” And "integration” has destroyed our criminal justice system; the guilty often go unpunished or the innocent are persecuted, not on the basis of the evidence, but based on the racial composition of the jury, which is acknowledged even by the news media to be one of the most important factors in the outcome of a trial.
One particularly horrible consequence of "integration* is the forced taking of our innocent little children, some of them only five years old, and bussing them into tlie Third World war zones that so many of our cities have become; or bussing tlie warring gangs into our neighbor* hoods***#)! m tlie name of "mtegra-tioft.” According to section K of tlie
Genocide Convention, genocide is defined as "Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group.” Even though decent and thoughtful members of many races have been against it from the beginning, our masters are now accelerating a push to promote interracial adoption as a government policy, opposition to which will be punishable by law. This also fits the definition of genocide under section E.
Section B of the Genocide Convention defines genocide as "Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group.” We have discussed bodily harm—what about mental harm? To be healthy, every child and every adult must have a positive sense of identity. In the United States, our schools used to teach our children about the positive contributions of our race, which founded America and Western Civilization itself. We taught our children to respect the cultures of other peoples, yes, but also to revere and honor our people’s achievements,
from the Iliad to Shakespeare Stonehenge to the transistor to tfe walk on the moon. And they acknowledged as our achievement*? But under the current regime of Po. litical Correctness it is considered evil to acknowledge the fact that ours is a European civilization. Our achievements may not be mentioned in class or textbook unless in the same breath an African, an Oriental, or a lesbian Communist u given equal billing, and historical accuracy be damned! The desire of people to live among their own kind is called “racism,” and guilt for this imagined sin is inculcated among our young people in almost every book, television program, motion picture or even computer game that is made available to them. They are told that their ancestors, who built America and the West, were wrong and that only the Communist-in-spired “civil rights” revolution of the last few decades has finally set things right. They are spoon-fed a moral outlook on the world in which
America’s best magazine.
Nation alCDVvnguard
Toward a New Consciousness; a New Order; a New Peopl
NATIONAL VANGUARD is fearless — uncompromising — brilliant — witty — educational. Edited by Dr.
William Pierce, NATIONAL VANGUARD provides the information and the insights that White America’s future leaders will need to guide our nation through the dangerous, revolutionary times ahead.
In our latest issue, No. 114:
•	Freedom Under Attack
•	The Destruction of Joe McCarthy
•	Bringing Democracy to Haiti
•	The ADL’s Effort to Outlaw Free Speech
I The Organizational Strategy
A sample copy i* W postpaid: $12 for i 6 issue subscription, published irregularly • Write te
National Vanguard Books • PC) Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 USA I
Copyright *J995 National Vongmrd books
/* 0. box JJO, HUlxboro, WV 24940.
FREE SPEECH for January 1995	7
RACE RIOTS are a direct result of "integration." Here we see a sign in the window of a Black-owned business during the 1965 Black riots in Los Angeles. It appeals to fellow Blacks to spare their "blood brother" and torch a White-owned store instead.
anything which tends to the survival and advancement of White Americans is deemed evil, and everything which tends to our extinction is deemed good, by definition. This alien morality, which does no race any good except our self-appointed masters, has grievously injured two entire generations of our people. It is sick—it is evil—and it is undoubtedly genocide—“causing serious mental harm to the members of the group.”
Section D of the Genocide Convention defines genocide as “imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group.” Ask yourself this question: What has been the demographic result of all the so-called “feminist” agitation of the last few decades? Has it resulted in a significant reduction in the numbers of the Third Worlders now crowding our cities? Are illegal Mexican immigrant women or inner city welfare mothers now taking up careers and foregoing children until they’re nearly forty? Or is it traditional European-American women who have decided that there are things more important than the creation and raising of the next generation of our people?
We as a people are not even replacing ourselves. We are starting our families later if at all, and few women have the three children necessary to maintain our numbers. The promotion of abortion on demand has also made little dent in the mushrooming population of non-Americans within our borders, but it has convinced many millions of our own people that slaying their children in the womb, for no better reason than personal convenience, is a good and laudable idea. A whole generation has thus been killed and will never see the light of day—yet another reason why the portion of the population of European descent is in precipitous decline.
Other anti-birth policies include the media and government campaigns to promote and legitimize homosexuality.
Is there an identifiable power structure within America which is “imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group”? You bet there is!
We have not yet addressed section A of the convention, “killing members of the group,” but when the New World Order boys have succeeded in disarming us we shall see what their intentions really are in that regard.
Also ongoing is a slow war against us now being waged in our inner cities; and there is also the fact, exposed many times on this program, that most of the wars of this century have been engineered for the benefit of the New World Order elitists—and it is our fathers, brothers, and sons who do the dying.
Is multi-racialism genocide? Yes it is.
Is multi-culturalism genocide? Yes it is.
Is teaching minorities self esteem while teaching Whites “sensitivity” genocide? Yes it is.
Is diversity indoctrination genocide? Yes it is.
Is toleration of illegal immigration genocide? Yes it is.
Is any non-White immigration, except perhaps for diplomatic and consular representatives, genocide? Yes it is.
Do anti-discrimination laws constitute genocide? Yes they do.
Do “hate crime” laws constitute genocide? Yes they do.
Does support of convenience abortion constitute genocide? Yes it does.
Does promotion of homosexuality constitute genocide? Yes it does.
Is suppression of information on racial differences genocide? Yes it is.
Is inhibiting research on racial differences genocide? Yes it is.
Is “affirmative action” genocide? Yes it is.
Is the subliminal or overt promotion of interracial sex on TV genocide? Yes it is.
Does failure to provide equal media time to Whites to further their cause, constitute genocide? Yes it does.
Does the undermining of loyalty of White Americans to their own people constitute genocide? Yes it does.
Does undermining the sovereignty of our nation and the promotion of world government constitute genocide? Yes it does.
Copyright *1995 National Vanguard Hooks
P. O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946, USA
8
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
<%

NATIONAL OmOl
)l EAST ISM» STREET * NEW YORK J, N. Y. • TsUphenei Al^onqufn 4-2311
kBMM 4k R>M 4MUMM X. (ONM in»m
wm TOTAJH Ml ir»w MW mOMHON
MMT WNtltlN
June 1. I9U9
TO ILL DISTRICTS Dear Ctaitini —
He enclose a copy of Conrads Petti* Perry1* report on the struggle against whit* chauvinien, which we* ode to a recant nesting of the Rational Conaittee. This report will appear in the fortheoaing le-eue of Polltioal Affair* .which, a* you know, 1* ontlrely devotod. to the struggle for Vegro rights end the unfolding struggle again*t white cimuelnlea.
V* are takli* this special Measure to bring Conrad* Perry* a report to your attention because it sharply focuee* on th* need for evory leader and organization of our Party to unfold a mny-*ld*d struggle against white chaurinlso on every level within eur own Party and aeong the ranks of th* labor and progressive orgenlca-tiene.
The struggle against white chauvinisn a* an ideologieal weapon of the bourgeolsia mad a concept alien to th* working class has never been an abstract question for eur Party. Rut thia issue now arises in a new way because of Wall Street1* advanced preparations for imperialist war and its intensified attacks on tbs Vegro people. All form of aatloeal chauvinien, and whit* chauvlnleu in particular,ara being promoted by pro-fascist reaction with new intensity in an all-out effort to break the growing unity of Isgro and white, disrupt the developing peace aoveaent,
*ad wee ken labor's resistance to the effects of the naturing new eoonoalc oriels.
THIS LETTER was sent to all leaders in the Communist Party along with a report on their struggle against "white chauvinism."
It is not necessary to use gas chambers to commit genocide.
Some of our own people, in order to gain favor with a treacherous and disloyal elite, find it to their own advantage to sacrifice the integrity of our country and our people, for money or power. Some of our people would rather surrender and grovel than fight. As long as they are able to go along to get along, they pretend to ignore the decay and collapse of our civilization brought about as a direct result of the geno-cidal program being imposed upon us. I believe the day is coming when they must answer for their treason. If that day does come, and I believe it will, they will find their answers falling on deaf ears. Treason, how be it punished...V
Those who promote the New World Order today are the spiritual and in some cases the physical cousins of those who founded Communism. Though the overtly Communist attempt at world government foundered on its economic failures, we make a big mistake if we think that the danger is passed. Those who created Communism in the first place as an instrument for world control are very much alive,
and their evil dream of world government is now being achieved. They have always been friendly toward Communism, though they favor its objectives secretly. They use code words like “restoring democracy” while they impose Communist tyrannies on South Africa and Haiti. They hate all races, but they especially hate our race—for our nations, once awakened, have the potential for defeating their evil schemes.
Let us see whether or not the current plan for “integration” matches Communist objectives.
England’s leading Communist writer in the early part of the twentieth century had long range plans for the race problem.
He had this to say in his book, A Racial Program for the 20th Century, as printed in the Congressional Record for 1957, page 8559:
In America, we will aim for a subtle victory. While inflaming the Negro minority against the whites, we will endeavour to instill in the whites a guilt complex for theur exploitation of the Negroes. We will aid the Negroes to rise to prominence in every walk of life, in the professions and in the world of sports and entertainment. With this prestige, the Negroes will be able to intermarry with the whites and begin a
process which will deliver America to <%, cause.
Well, there it is. Straight from the horse’s mouth. I want you to pay particular attention to the statement, and I emphasize: “...we will endeavour to instill in the whites a guilt complex for their exploitation of the Negroes.” Despite the fall of the Soviet Union, the Soviet psychological warfare people, with the help of their agents of influence in the West, have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams.
Now, I personally believe it is time to undo, by every legal means possible, the greatest Soviet psychological warfare triumph. In fact it is the greatest triumph for any psychological warfare campaign ever waged—racial “integration” in the United States. Of course the Communists’ powerful allies helped, and these “helpers” are very much with us today in America.
In 1928 Communist writer Joseph Pogany was sent to the United States by Moscow with the mission of implementing the Soviet racial agenda in America. Writing in the Communist newspaper, The Daily Worker, under the name of Joseph Schwartz, this Communist laid out his party’s program for the racial destruction of this country. The program was:
1.	Abolition of the whole system of race discrimination and insure full racial equality;
2.	Insure the Negroes the right to vote;
3.	Abolish all Jim Crow laws and forbid discrimination against Negroes in selling or renting houses;
4.	Abolish all laws forbidding intermarriage of persons of different races;
5.	Assure full integration of public schools and universities;
6.	The equal admittance of Negroes to railway stations, waiting rooms, hotels, restaurants and theaters;
7.	Full integration of the Army and Navy;
8.	Allow Negroes to join all labor unions;
9.	Equal employment opportunities for Negroes.
Now, do these measures have a familiar ring to them? Of course they do. This is what became the American “civil rights” movement. This was the blueprint. People tell
P.O. Bax 3JO, Hillsboro, WV 243U6. UM
us that "integration” will make us a better and stronger country. Do you believe that the Soviets would have done anything to make our country stronger or better? Do you expect me to believe that? To anyone who was gullible enough to accept all or any part of this agenda I say this: Lenin had an expression for you. He would refer to those in the West who consciously or unconsciously served Soviet interests as his “useful idiots.” At this point we can expect to hear the whines, the bleats, and the snivels: “I don’t care if we were led
THE NEGRO PEOPLE AND LABOR	I43
of debts and taxation, for the right of poor farmers, tenants and sharecroppers to organize and bargain collectively.
“4. For fight against mob-violence, lynching and police brutality; for the right to vote, serve on juries and enjoy complete civil liberties*
“5. For complete equality for Negro women; for the right of Negro youth to equal opportunity.
M6' To oppose war and fascism, the attempted subjugation of Negro people in Ethiopia, the oppression of oolonial nations throughout the world; for the independence of Ethiopia."
Copyright *7995 National Vanguard Books
P. O. Bax 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946, USA
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
**i. For the right of the Negroes to jobs at decent living wages and against discrimination in trade unions aod elsewhere where Negroes are kept from getting work at equal wages and under equal labor conditions with other workers, for the organization of Negro workers with their white fellow workers into democratically controlled trade unions.
"a. For relief and social security for every needy Negro family, and for genuine social and unemployment insurance.
*"3. For aid to the Negro farm population, to case the burden
PHOTOSTATIC REPRODUCTIONS from tha 1036 book Whot la Communism? written by the General Secretary of the Communist Party, U.S.A., Earl Browder. Their election platform also included the plank "Anti-Semitic propaganda must be prohibited by law."
We Communists fully endorse this program for the Negro people and will do our utmost to make it a success that will lead to important victories for the Negro people.
Some people seem to think because we do not insist that the issue of self-determination be adopted by the Negro Congress, (hat therefore our Party is abandoning this demand. Nothing is further from the truth. The complete liberation of the Negro people in the Black Belt will only be aocoro- j plithed by the revolutionary overthrow of the white landlords and capitalists. The oppressed Negro nation must be j liberated from the semi-feudal agricultural relations in the South which arc the basis of lynching, segregation and double exploitation. The real teat as to whether the Negro people j will have real freedom lies in their tight to self-determination. They must be allowed to choose freely what their rdbr tionihip will be to the rest of the United States. It ii only if they arc given tins choice that they will be truly free. We are confident that the Negro people will of their own free choice decide to join the United Soviet States of America. But our program demands that they be given this choice, ! that they should not be denied the right of Klf-dctcrmination in the name of a mythical oneness which subjects them to rtm-Cfuw terror.
by the nose on the race issue by the Communists, it was right!” If you think that our fractured and disintegrating society is better even for the Blacks than the strong, confident, prosperous and peaceful America before the “civil rights” revolution then you are truly living in a dream world. Forced “integration” of widely differing peoples never works—it only destroys. History abounds with examples. Remember, most of the Third World people who have been encouraged and allowed to come here
are not America’s real enemies. They are only taking advantage of a situation created by America’s enemies. Their culture and survival, too, are in peril from the New World Order multicultural agenda. America’s enemies are those who created and are pushing that agenda.
To oppose the genocidal program of the New World Order, we must
I42	WHAT	1$	COMMUNISM?
of the independence of Ethiopia, their bravery in a thousand picket lines and demonstrations show chat they have not forgotten the militant traditions of Nat Turner, and the many other Negro heroes who fought and died for their people. Their fight for equality and justice is supported by the advanced sections of the working class.
Ac the preseat time while this is being written the greatest expression of this developing movement among the Negro people is the historic National Negro Congresj which meets on the anniversary of Frederick Douglass in Chicago on February 14, 1936. This represents the broadest united front of individuals and organizations, working out a common program and beginning a collective effort to win Negro rights.
A. Philip Randolph, the well-known Negro trade unionist. National President of the Internationa] Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, put it very well when he called the National Negro Congress an expression of uthe struggle of the Negro on all fronts, such as civil and political liberties, labor, social service, politics, fraternal and church interests**. The National Sponsoring Committee for the Congress has proposed the following tentative program as a course of action for the Negro people:
ill
EARL BROWDER
By
GtmoraJ Secretary Communist Party of tho (/» B. A*
say some things that our masters have decided we are not supposed to say. They want to homogenize us all and destroy all races and nations to fulfil their dream of world conquest.
To destroy national and racial identity and feelings is their number one goal—because such feelings are the major stumbling block in the path of “one world.” Instead of armies, in America our enemies have conquered us by infiltration of our government and our media—they
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
have conquered our minds—but they have not conquered all of us. Some of us know that we must oppose the genocide of our people. We know in our hearts that we are not “haters,” and that our struggle for freedom and independence is not based on a hatred of others or other cultures, for which we of course should show due respect, but based instead upon a love for our children, and their children, and the uncounted generations to come, and on
a determination that the light re resented by our Western civilization shall never be extinguished.
This article was based on the American Dissident Voices program of 17th December, 1994. A cassette tape of this broadcast is available for $12 postpaid from National Vanguard Books.
Truth Before Fashion
by Dr. William L. Pierce
Chairman, National Alliance
Perhaps you’ll pardon me if I speak to you today in a more personal vein than I usually do. I want to tell you about some personal perceptions of mine, because I believe that many of you who are listening have had similar perceptions. I believe many of you have something in common with me, something very important.
When I was a little boy, 11 or 12 years old, I used to spend my time taking clocks apart, building radios and model airplanes, and doing experiments in a tiny laboratory that I had in my parents’ garage. I used to make little solid-fuel rockets and try them out in the back yard. My ambition was to be a rocket scientist when I grew up. And that’s what I became, at least for a while, until I returned to the university to teach.
The point is that, more than anything else, I was interested in learning what made things tick. I was fascinated by knowledge, by discovery, by the truth. I didn’t care at all what was fashionable’. I wanted to know what was true. I was the kind of fellow who sometimes would wear one brown sock and one blue sock, because it really didn’t make any difference to me. And I’m pretty much still that way, except that now my wife makes sure that my socks match.
While I was growing up, of course, I paid some attention to what was happening in the world around me. I knew that there were good people and bad people, smart
ones and stupid ones. I knew that the world wasn’t perfect, but I believed that it could be made better. I still believe that.
After I was grown I learned one thing, however, which was really depressing to me for quite a long while. I learned that most of the people around me—not all, but most—were much more interested in what was fashionable than in what was true. When I was a university student, for example, I was very interested in history, and I wanted to discuss the various topics which came up in class with fellow students. Whenever the topic was an ideologically sensitive one, however—the Second World War, for example—I found that it was very difficult to carry on an objective conversation with most people. They would balk whenever the discussion wandered onto unfashionable ground. I would ask the students I was talking with, why is it that almost no member of the general public can tell us how many American GIs died during the war— or how many Germans or how many Poles—but nearly everyone thinks he knows that “six million” Jews died? Why is that? Is it that people believe that only Jews are important? Or is it that they have been brainwashed with propaganda by the media, which are controlled by Jews? And if there is propaganda involved, shouldn’t we be suspicious of its claims?
Well, whenever I would say things like that, the people I was talking with would become uncomfortable. Some would become emo-
tional. They would refuse to continue the discussion.
HI give you a more recent example of this sort of thing. A few weeks ago the United States sent a military expedition to Haiti to force the government controlled at that time by General Raoul Cedras to abdicate in favor of Mr. Clinton’s good friend, Jean-Bertrand Aristide. General Cedras was a dictator, we were told by the controlled media— a bad man—and Aristide was a democrat, a. good man, a man much like Bill Clinton. We were sending troops to Haiti, the media said, to restore democracy.
Now, it’s true that most Americans weren’t as enthusiastic about sending troops to Haiti to install Aristide as the gang around President Clinton was. But we went along with it. And if you watch the television news coverage of the military occupation, you are led to believe that our soldiers are enthusiastic about their assignment. They are doing a noble thing, they believe, giving Haiti back to Aristide and restoring democracy.
Now, the fact is that Mr. Aristide is a Communist, and besides that a much worse thug and terrorist than General Cedras ever was. In 1991, when Aristide was the top dog in Haiti, he ruled by terror and murder. He killed his opponents with burning tires, “necklacing" them, as the Blacks call it, before General Cedras booted him out of the presidential palace. It is difficult to imagine a more despicable criminal than Jean-Bertrand Aristide as the ruler
P. O. Bax JJO, Hillsboro, WV	US.i
FREE SPEECH for January 1995

ACROSS THE MILES AND THE CENTURIES, our race is one. On the left, Julius Caesar; on the right, a modern Scandinavian. The unique physical and mental characteristics of our race cannot survive unless Whites in America and elsewhere break out of their herd mentality.
of a country. And our government is backing him. Our troops are keeping him in power and taking guns away from Haitians who oppose him.
Isn’t that amazing?
But just try discussing that with the average U.S. voter. He doesn’t want to talk about it. It’s unfashionable. About as far as the average American will go is admitting that what goes on in Haiti isn’t our business, and that we should let the Haitians run their own affairs.
Some Americans will say that we had to intervene in Haiti because economic conditions were so bad there that we had a flood of Haitian “boat people” coming into this country. That, of course, is sheer nonsense: economic conditions were worse than usual in Haiti before our invasion because the Clinton government had imposed an embargo on the country in an attempt to force General Cedras out. That’s why the Haitians were starving: it was Mr. Clinton’s embargo. But most people don’t want to hear that.
And they don’t want to hear about the fact that Aristide is a Communist and a bloodthirsty terrorist. They prefer to hear that our troops are in Haiti to “restore de-
mocracy.” That’s what is fashionable. That’s what it is comfortable to believe.
Now, let me become personal again.
During the past 30 years I’ve noticed this sort of failure of reason over and over again. I’ve seen the government in Washington adopt policies that I was certain were destructive policies, policies that would lead to the loss of our freedom, to the loss of everything that we hold dear. I was appalled, and I would speak out against these policies.
But invariably the controlled media supported the policies, and so the policies were fashionable in the eyes of most people. People who were against the government’s policies were called “racists” by the media. They were called “isolationists.” They were called “haters.” And most people let themselves be bullied by the media. They went along because it was fashionable to go along.
And so there I was, time after time, concerned about trends that I could see developing, concerned about subtle shifts in the propaganda of the controlled media, concerned about changes in government policy. I could see all
around me the bad effects of such trends. I could see where these new trends were heading. It was clear. It was obvious. But other people seemed not to notice. It was as if they were oblivious to the destruction of their own world which was going on around them. I felt very frustrated that they refused to see what I saw, that they continued to pretend that things were fine when I knew that we were headed for disaster.
Can you picture that situation? Have you ever felt the way I’ve just described?
I don’t mean to say that I always was right, that I always knew better than everybody else. I can make mistakes, I can make errors of judgment, just like anyone. But when I make a mistake it’s an honest mistake. I don’t deliberately misjudge things in order to be fashionable.
The unfortunate fact is that much more often than not my judgments about the government’s policies have been correct. Policies that I instinctively felt to be wrong have turned out to be so. Trends that analysis and reflection convinced me were degenerative trends have turned out to be so. And I have never hesitated to speak out. I have never hesitated to say, for example, “Hey, everybody, the government’s immigration policy is a disaster. It’s changing the racial character of America. It will destroy everything that’s good about our country if we permit it to continue.” And the controlled media then would turn their hatred against me. They would shriek at me: Racist! White supremacist! Hater!
Or I would say, “Hey, everybody, the reason the crime problem has become so bad during the past 30 years is that we’re subsidizing it. We’re using our taxes to help the minorities, who are responsible for most crime, to breed. We’ve accepted so-called ‘civil rights’ laws which are empowering and protecting the criminal elements.” And the controlled media would shriek at me again: Racist! Hater!
And, of course, I wasn’t being a hater at all. I was simply concerned about the destruction of my country, the destruction of the civilization
Copyright ®1995 National Vanguard Books
P.O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946, USA
which my ancestors had built at such great cost, and I was giving voice to my concerns. I was speaking the truth as I saw it, even when the truth wasn't fashionable.
And I must admit that sometimes I had the very unsettling impression that I was one of a small minority of sane people, and that the majority of the population had fallen under the influence of a gang of lunatics and were letting the lunatics make all of the policies.
I’ve been seeing the quality of education in America fall disastrously year after year, and in response the government has formulated new educational policies which I knew could only make things worse, policies which almost seemed calculated to make things worse. Instead of aiming for quality in the schools, the government ever since the Second World War has been pushing for “equality.” The quality of the educational system goes down, and so the government forces a big dose of “equality” on it.
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
That makes the quality go down even more, and so the government responds with an even bigger dose of forced “equality.” And when I see this I have to pinch myself, I have to say to myself: Are you really the only sane person in this country; are you the only one who can see that this policy of pushing “equality” instead of quality will only make things worse? Are you the only one who still has a grip on reality?
And, of course, I know that I’m not the only one who feels this way. I know that there are many of you who also feel yourselves the only sane people in a world gone mad. I know that there are many of you who still prefer the truth to whatever is fashionable at the moment. Otherwise you wouldn’t be listening to this program.
The problem is that we sane people, we rational people, we people who accept the evidence of our eyes and are able to make comparisons of what we see today with what we saw in the past—we have got to do a
better job of sticking together. We have to put up a united front against the lunatics.
And, you know, it can be done. It is possible for the sane minority to get the lunatics back into their cages and then begin repairing the damage they’ve done. It is possible to take the media away from the destructive psychopaths now in control.
I’m given hope by the fact that even the majority of ordinary Americans, the ones who always prefer to be fashionable, finally have overdosed on insanity. The gang of Clintonistas who’ve been running the country into the ground for the last two years have scared them so badly that we had a massive repudiation of them and their policies at the polls recently. Even the trendy air-heads who’ve been tolerating insanity for decades have finally said, “Enoughr
Please don’t think that what I’ve just said means that I’m a Republican. The good thing about the recent
Flood Your Neighborhood
AIDS SECRET
I
' What the government and the^
media don t want V®
Gun Control:
■ JM
ffi mas


I ^
Ti* Piranhas*
«tie Birds, a„d the Liberal
tut Out ftmu
•* ^ *** & -gam ***** 'ft it***0, ***** u «■**••£	I
‘jSSmirn Mm
i •'••£*£55 JF rsv* -w; I**

-r-	'
iSs I
«2*w, .
WITH “TRUTH BOMBS”—our hard-hitting series of pamphlets based on American Dissident Voices programs and articles in NATIONAL VANGUARD. They are priced low for mass distribution, and are Z-folded for easy insertion in envelopes or for easy carrying in an inside jacket pocket. Order by item number (20 copies for $3, 100 copies for $7, 500 copies for $30, all postpaid) or send one dollar and request item number 593 to receive a sample of each.
•	569. WHY CONSERVATIVES CANT WIN by William Pierce—There’s more to the ideological spectrum than liberalism and conservatism—and it’s a good thing, because conservatives are incapable of preventing the liberals from destroying us.
•	592. THE PIRANHAS, THE BIRDS, AND THE UBERAL by Kevin Strom—The destructiveness and unnaturalness of egalitarianism are demonstrated strikingly in two parables, and the facade of liberalism is stripped away to reveal its inherent malice.
•	580. THE ROOTS OF CIVILIZATION by William Pierce—Civilization is created and sustained by a special facet of human intelligence—the ability to conceptualize and solve problems, rather than verbal skill—and this ability varies with race.
•	538. AIDS SECRETS: WHAT THE GOVERNMENT AND THE MEDIA DONT WANT YOU TO KNOW by Kevin Strom—Frightening facts about this dread disease covered up by government and media to shield homosexuals and non-Whites.
•	547 THE BEAST AS SAINT: THE TRUTH ABOUT MARTIN LUTHER KING by Kevin Strom—MLK was a hypocrite, a plagiarist, a Communist, and a lowlife. He was canonized by the media because he promoted racemixing-
I 549. GUN CONTROL: NOT WHAT IT SEEMS by William Pierce—The 2nd Amendment has nothing to do with hunting. It has everything to do with self-defense and defense against tyranny, which is why goveriunent and media want to scrap it.
P. O. Bax JJOt Hillsbon*, WV 2494o, USA
elections is not that the Republican party won; the good thing is that the elections put a party in control of the legislative branch of the government which is different from the party in control of the executive branch. If we’re lucky we’ll have the two parties fighting each other to a standstill for the next two years. We’ll have governmental gridlock, and the government won’t be able to do as much damage as otherwise.
This gives us a little breathing space, a little time to organize ourselves and prepare for battle with the lunatics.
Actually, I’ve used the word “lunatics” loosely in describing those we oppose. The people who control the media and the people in the government who take orders from them aren’t really crazy. They’re evil. Do you understand that? Evil. They’re people committed to the destruction of everything beautiful and noble and decent in the world. We don’t want to put them in a lunatic asylum. We want to hunt them down— every last one of them—and put a final end to their evil.
One of the most interesting results of the recent elections was the rebellion of White Californians against the growing tide of illegal immigrants from Mexico which was swamping their state. That rebellion expressed itself as Proposition 187. The media people and the Clin-tonistas—and also many Christians who have been infected with the egalitarian madness—are really unhappy about Proposition 187. They’re hinting that those who voted for it are “racists,” that the only reason they want to make tilings more difficult for illegal aliens is that most of the aliens aren’t White, because they’re Mexicans, mestizos.
And the White voters are responding, “Oh, no, that’s not the reason at all. We’re not racists. We just want to keep our schools and other public facilities from being overwhelmed.”
But, really, for most of them that’s a dishonest response. The whole reason why Proposition 187 was necessary is because the illegal immigrants are non-White. If they were English or Swedish or German
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
they wouldn’t be a problem. They wouldn’t be a threat. Everyone understands that, but most people are afraid to say it. They are afraid of being unfashionable. So they kept smiling and pretending that everything was all right for 50 years, while their country was being ruined by the media and the government. Finally they had too much, and they rebelled by voting for Proposition 187. But they still won’t face the situation squarely and call a spade a spade. They still prefer being fashionable to dealing in the truth.
But, at least—at least—they did rebel. That’s a very good sign indeed. It shows that there are limits to how much the average citizen will let himself be abused. It’s good to know that. I had begun to worry that he would put up with anything rather than risk being called a “racist.”
You know, the trouble with most people is not that they’re stupid. Most people can figure out as well as you and I can that if you give welfare to Blacks, pretty soon you’ll have more Blacks.
They can understand that if you don’t control your borders, pretty soon you’ll have more Mexicans and Haitians in the country.
They can figure out that if you then pass special laws to protect criminals, you’ll have a lot more crime to deal with.
They know that if you begin mixing Blacks and Whites socially, some Whites will begin acting like Blacks, and the average moral tone of White society will decline.
They can understand that if you force White students to go to school with Blacks and then try to maintain the pretense that Blacks are just as capable as Whites, you must lower scholastic standards and thereby keep White students from reaching their full potential.
They know that if you pass so-called “free trade” laws, which allow industries in non-White countries with extremely low wages, countries like China and Mexico, to compete with American industries, pretty soon you’ll bankrupt the American industries and put many Americans out of work.
13
And they can understand that if you permit Jews to get control of the mass media of news and entertainment in your country, and along with that a dominating influence on the political process and government policy, you’re in big trouble. You leave yourself open to all of the aforementioned ills and a whole Pandora’s box of others besides.
They can understand, in other words, that if people permit their government to adopt the policies the American government has adopted during the past 50 years, they will reduce themselves to the condition of the American people today: their civilization in a precipitous decline, their public and private morality in a shambles, their future mortgaged, and an assortment of non-White minorities in the process of foreclosing on that future.
This is something that most of our fellow citizens should be capable of understanding. Instead, they’ve let themselves be persuaded, primarily by the controlled media, that they should ignore their own reason and pretend that everything is A-OK.
Or, if they are so fed up with conditions that they just can’t pretend any longer that there’s nothing wrong, they still won’t face the facts squarely and accept the obvious answers, because they don’t want to be racists. And so they pretend that a switch from the Democrats to the Republicans will fix everything.
But, you know, somebody has to be willing to announce the fact that the emperor is naked. Even if it’s not polite. Even if it hurts a lot of people’s feelings. Even if everyone else is pretending that the emperor’s new suit is the very height of fashion, someone has to come right out and say, “Hey, momma, look! The man has no clothes on!”
Not just me. A lot of us have to say that. A lot of us have to bear witness to the plain, unvarnished truth. It’s important. Much more than the state of our economy and the quality of our schools and the crime problem depends on it. In the long run, everything depends on our preferring what is true to what is fashionable—preferring it enough to speak out for it.
Copyright *1995 National Vanguard Books
P.O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946, USA
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
I don’t expect everyone to do that. I know that most people will continue being the way they always have been. But it doesn't take everyone in order to make a difference. It only takes a few. It only took one small boy to open everyone’s eyes to the emperor’s foolishness-—one small boy to persuade all the townspeople that they really were seeing what they thought they were seeing.
So Fm counting on those of you who occasionally wear mismatched socks. Fm counting on you to say, “By god, I am right. The government
and the media are wrong. And the right thing for me to do is to speak up now, regardless of whose feelings I hurt.” You do that—you keep looking at the world with open eyes and not being afraid to come to your own conclusions about what’s good and what’s bad—and you tell people about what you see.
You tell them, and many of them will open their eyes and look too. Don’t let the controlled media intimidate you. Don’t let the government push you around. We’re the ones who are right, not them.
You stand with me, and be honest with me, and speak out with me, and together we’ll begin pushing back some of the evil which has been taking over our world. We’ll begin building a better world together.
Fm counting on you. Thanks for listening.
This article was based on the American Dissident Voices program of 3d December, 1994. A cassette copy of this program is available for $12 postpaid from National Vanguard Books.
The Letter They Wouldn’t Answer
There is a neo-Marxist radio network, based in Oregon and Costa Rica, which operates a station calling itself “Radio for Peace International.” Recently, they attacked American Dissident Voices, denying among other things our statement that Communism has Jewish roots. An ADV supporter and contributor, William Scott, Jr., wrote this response to their attack. So far, “Radio for Peace” has not seen fit to respond. Here’s his letter:
Dear Sirs:
I am writing in regard to your program covering the National Alliance’s radio show American Dissident Voices—specifically, your attempt to discredit the show’s discourse on the Jewish involvement in the Bolshevik revolution in Russia.
I have to admit that I am a bit surprised that you chose to attack that subject, since there is substantial documentation that a very disproportionate number of Jews were among the leaders of the original Communist organization.
I would like to give just a small part of the evidence that I have available. It is a fact that numerous journalists were witnesses to the events along with clergymen and politicians who recorded what they had seen in Russia during that unfortunate period.
During the last days of World War I when the Bolsheviks were making their move numerous diplomatic telegrams (available from the National Archives) were exchanged between U.S. diplomatic and military personnel in Russia and Washington, DC. For example, one telegram, State Department document number 861.00/1767, of May
2,1918, was sent from the U.S. Consul General in Moscow to the State Department, in which he describes the situation in the towns:
Jews predominate in local government, anti-Jewish feeling growing among population which tends to regard the oncoming Germans as deliverers.
Another telegram, State Department document number 861.00/2206, sent from Vladivostok on July 5, 1918, by U.S. Consul Caldwell, clearly verifies the previously cited example. Caldwell states:
Fifty per cent of Soviet government in each town consists of Jews of the worst type....
Another telegram, dated March 1, 1919, is also from Vladivostok, this time by Captain Montgomery Schuyler of the Headquarters of the American Expeditionary Forces, Siberia, who reported to his Chief of Staff:
The Bolshevik movement is and has been since its beginning guided and controlled by Russian Jews of the greasiest type..,.
And in another telegram, sent June 9,1918, Schuyler cites Robert Wilton, correspondent for the London Times in Russia, regarding the ethnic makeup of the Bolshevik government:
There were 384 commissars including 2 Negroes, 13 Russians, 16 Chinamen, 22 Armenians, and more than 300 Jews. Of the latter number 264 had come to Russia from the United States...,
These telegrams are only a few of the dozens that reflect similar sentiments, I would think, that were
sent to Washington from our representatives in Russia at the time of both attempts at power by the Communists.
Another journalist who wrote about the Russian Communists in that era was the distinguished London Times foreign correspondent Douglas Reed, who wrote of Soviet censorship from first-hand knowledge in his book Insanity Fair:
The censorship department, and that means the whole machine for controlling the home and muzzling the foreign press, was entirely staffed by Jews. There seemed not to be a single non-Jewish official in the whole outfit.
I could go on and on citing statements from various sources, but my point is not to convince you of the Jewish domination of the Bolshevik Revolution in one letter. However I would ask that you at least consider why, even with what seems to be creditable evidence, when one tries to discuss this or any other situation where Jews are involved one finds the standard canards and smears directed one’s way. Why do they rely on intimidation to suppress discussion of a legitimate historical event?
I think this tactic will eventually backfire, but unfortunately for decent Jews the cynical Jewish power structure will not refrain from using whatever tactic gains them power.
I know that there are some Jews who will honestly admit to what I have just presented. For example, the Jewish author, Marcus Eli Ravage, wrote in the January-February 1928 issue of Century Magazine:
Copyright *7995 National Vanguard Books
P.O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24940, USA
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
15
For
Subscribers
Only
YOU PROBABLY received this copy of FREE SPEECH as a free sample. If you are already a subscriber, please pass along the extra copy to a friend. Subscriptions are $40 for twelve issues, and $300 if you would like to receive weekly cassettes of our American Dissident Voices radio broadcasts.
One benefit of a subscription is quantity discounts on many of our publications, normally available only to book dealers. Discounts are available to subscribers on the following titles only:
Title
Catalog Price
GUN CONTROL IN GERMANY...............$12.00
BEST OF ATTACK AND NATIONAL VANGUARD. .$16.95
HUNTER. .............................. $5.95
MIGHT OF THE WEST....................$10.00
SERPENT’S WALK........................$6.95
TURNER DIARIES........................$5.95
ANY AUDIO CASSETTE....................$9.95
Number of copies (titles may be combined)	Discount
10 to 24 copies........................................  40%
25 to 99 copies.........................................45%
100 to 499 copies.......................................50%
Please note—Shipping charges on quantity purchases are $2 for the first item and 25 cents for each additional item, up to 100 items. Above 100, shipping is free. Shipping charges must be included with your remittance, and all quantity sales are final and on a non-returnable basis.
Outside of the United States, orders are payable by check in US dollars on a US bank, and shipping is $3 for the first item, and $1 for each additional item, regardless of the number.
National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro WV 24946 USA
You have not begun to appreciate the real depth of our guilt. We are intruders. We are disturbers. We are subverters. We have been at the bottom not merely of the latest great war but of all your wars, not only of the Russian but of every other major revolution in your history.
Another well-known Jew who comments similarly is Dr. Oscar Levy. He was a figure of international repute who edited and financed the English edition of Nietzsche’s works in sixteen volumes. In the preface to the book The World Significance of the Russian Revolution by Professor George Pitts-Rivers of Oxford University, Levy stated:
We [Jews] have erred, my friend, we have most grievously erred.... We who have posed as the saviours of the world, we who have boasted of having given it the Saviour, we are today nothing else but the world’s seducers, its destroyers, its incendiaries, its executioners....
And finally, I must give credit to another courageous Jew, Benjamin Freedman, who spent a large portion of his wealth exposing the Jewish power structure (both the Communist and Zionist factions). He stated in a 1963 speech in Washington, DC, concerning the ability of the Jewish power structure to secure the assistance of willing dupes and to utilize the power structure’s time-tested obfuscation techniques to further their political goals:
They have fooled you so many times that you don’t know whether you are coming or going.
There are many other such admissions that I have seen in print, and I have actually heard them with my own ears from Jews of my own acquaintance. So why the cover-up and all the apparent shock at such allegations?
The same goes for the so-called “Holocaust.” Any Jew can apparently make any claim without contradiction—since anyone who disputes such claims is automatically attacked and called “anti-Semitic," “hatemonger,” “Nazi," etc. Now that even the Jewish “holocaust historians" have recently lowered the death count from 6 million to 3 million (and some even much lower) that should be enough to open the whole thing up to honest historical examination, instead of continuing the old propaganda line.
P.O. Bax 3JO, Hillsboro, WV 24V40, USA
But no, the 6 million figure is still paraded around as gospel and few dare to point out the recent reductions by scholars.
Actually, I think the Jews have put themselves in a precarious posi-
FREE SPEECH for January 1995
tion by allowing these wild claims to go on virtually unchallenged. Although you may be surprised to hear that I don’t deny that thousands of Jews were killed in WWII, I think that exaggerations are rampant.
Keep in mind that some 50 million died in that tragedy. I find it offensive that the emphasis is almost entirely on the “6 million” to the exclusion of everybody else.
There is a powerful form of censorship in this country. Look where the power and money leads and you’ll find the source.
When I was growing up we learned to value truth and to condemn hypocrisy. Nowadays we must bypass truth in order to be politically correct and to avoid offending certain groups. I say nobody should be intimidated out of investigating anything. This whole situation rubs me the wrong way and I’ll never get used to it. I don’t think that any society that accepts blatant lies and suppression of facts in place of the tnl^ cmy^Bmviver We must tell the truth no matter who doesn’t like it.
Yours truly,'
William#Sco^t^,4r^ * «	e,
fVLAlNT VVAs On
A Personal Note
Kevin Strom and the entire staff at National Vanguard Books wish you a successful 1995.
We are now entering a new phase for American Dissident Voices. We are on more times per week and on more stations than ever before. The limiting factor in our growth is not the willingness of station owners to carry our show—it is the level of monetary support from our 1 isteners. Will you do your part by subscribing to FREE SPEECH!
We’re depending on you. Sincerely,
Kevin A. Strom
KXEL: Every Mon, Tue and Thur, 9:30 WWVA: Every Sunday, 9 p.m. Eastern
WRNO: This shortwave station serves WINB: On shortwave to North America North America and the world; every Sat- and the world, Friday: 9pm 11950 kHz. urday at 11:30 a.m. Central Time on Saturday: 4:30pm 11915 kHz, 10pm 15420 kHz, and every Saturday at 8 p.m. 11950 kHz. Sunday: 2:30pm 12160 kHz. Central Time on 7355 kHz.	All times Central.
Here’s the latest American Dissident Voices schedule!
KAAY: Every Saturday, 1 a m. and 11 30 p.m. Central Time, 1090 on your AM dial.
Listen to American Dissident Voices on satellite anywhere in North America, every Wednesday trom 7 to 8 p.m. Central Time on Cl, channel 15,7.56 audio.
The areas in grey show the approximate coverage ot our stations.
Send $1 tor the National Vanguard Books catalog ot over 300 books, tapes, and videos that the liberals don’t want you to see.
Our radio schedule changes often as stations are added or dropped, or times are changed. You will receive a new schedule with each book or tape order we till tor you.
Order 20 copies ot our latest radio schedule tor $3, 100 copies tor $7, or 500 copies tor $30, all postpaid. Ask tor item number 606 when you order.
KDNO (Fresno/Bakerstield, California): Every Saturday 12:30 p.m., 98.5 FM dial.
KXEG (Phoenix and much ot Arizona): Every Saturday 1 30 p.m., 1010 AM dial.
KQXI (Denver, Colorado area): Every Sunday 11:30 a.m., 1550 on your AM dial.
KSHY (Cheyenne, Wyoming area): Every Saturday 1 p.m., 1370 on your AM dial.
KWYD (Colorado Springs, CO area): Every Saturday 12 noon, 1580 AM dial.
KMTL (Little Rock and most ot Aikansas): Every Saturday 10 a m., 760 AM dial.
WTIS (Tampa, Florida area): Every Saturday 11 30 a.m., 1110 on your AM dial.
WFIV (Orlando, Florida area): Every Wednesday, 5:30 p.m., 1080 AM dial.
KSKY (Dallas, Texas area). Every Saturday night/Sunday morning, 12:30 a.m., 660 on your AM dial.
Copyright ®J995 National Vanguard Books
P.O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946, USA