Free
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and — John Adams, 1765
write.
'•a
FREE SPEECH • MAY 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. V
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
D^wliliaM^feerce
MBBii
Wmm
The End of Patriotism
DiOWihiam Pierce
The Bigger War
,hnTOmamPiei(»*4
Tfti'	*	ran^..,_f,_I
WhatpHieyre Aiming For
Dr. William Pierce
|___—
Lies, Murder, and Jews
The Columbine High School Massacre
Today, before we begin talking about the murders being committed by our government overseas, let's note a few things about some murders committed recendy in America. I'm thinking of the murders at Columbine High School in Litdeton, Colorado, last week, in which two students killed 12 other students and a teacher and then committed suicide. Right after the shootings rumors of all sorts were flying. The students who did the shooting were homosexuals who wore black trenchcoats and belonged to a homosexual gang called “the trench-coat mafia,” according to one rumor. Another rumor had it that the killers sought out Blacks and athletes as their victims, and that most of the victims were Blacks. And it also was said that they were fans of the “shock rock” musician who uses the name “Marilyn Manson,” and that they were acting out some morbid Marilyn

mourner and Isaiah Shoels Black student killed was featured by la. Rumors that the killers were rac-neo-Nazis were repeated.
Manson performance. It also was rumored that as many as 25 students had been murdered.
I get most of the raw news that goes into these American Dissident Voices broadcasts from the Internet, but I also watch the NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw every evening that I can. I watch Brokaw not so much to learn what's happened in the world during the past 24 hours, but to learn what the Jewish spin is on what's happened. I'm interested in knowing what the Jewish party line is. By watching Tom Brokaw mouth his lines every evening I get some idea of what Brokaw's Jewish boss, Neal Shapiro, the executive producer of the NBC Nightly News, wants us to think about the news.
Well, I was out of town on business on the day of the Colorado shootings and didn't have a chance to see the NBC Nightly News, but on the
2
Cassie Bernali
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
Steven Curnow
Corey DePooter
Top and bottom, this and facing page: the other eleven students, and one teacher, killed.
day after the shootings, April 21, 1 watched the news with special interest to see what spin Shapiro would put on the previous day's high school murders in Colorado. Tom Brokaw reported direcdy from Columbine High School, where he had been busy all day checking out the rumors and interviewing everyone in sight. So by the time of the evening news broad-cast he knew how many victims there were, who they were, and just about all the other facts.
Brokaw began his report with the rumors — or rather, with one rumor: the rumor that the killers were neo-Nazis who had chosen April 20 for the shooting because it was Adolf Hitler's 110th birthday, and that they were targeting Blacks and athletes — especially Blacks. Then Brokaw interviewed a parent of one of the victims — exacdy one parent from among all those of the 12 students and one teacher who had been murdered. He was the father of a Black student, and he sobbed out the statement: “My son had two strikes against him from the beginning [sobj. He was Black, and he was an athlete.” It really sounded as if he'd been coached. And
Danny Rohrbough
the television screen filled with a snapshot of the Black student who had been killed. No portraits of other victims; no interviews with other parents; no mention of the homosexual rumors; no mention of the Marilyn Manson rumors; just neo-Nazis targeting Blacks. And especially no mention of the fact that only one of the 13 victims was Black. There were 12 White victims and one Black victim; Tom Brokaw and his boss knew this; and yet Brokaw's instructions were to make the viewers of the NBC Nightly News believe the rumor that the shootings were White-on-Black “hate crimes” by “neo-Nazis.”
Oh, yes, and also no mention that one of the killers was a Jew. Although his father was a Gentile, 17-year-old Dylan Klebold's mother, Susan Yassenoff, was a synagoguegoing, s/iul-trained Jewess. She attended Temple Israel. That makes her son a Jew according to Jewish law, although we would consider him only a half-Jew. But Brokaw and the other TV reporters never mentioned this. All we heard was that the two killers were neo-Nazis who liked German music and German insignia.
Dave Sanders
Now, this sort of deliberate deception happens all the time, unfortunately. Most Americans believe that the media are biased, but they don't understand how blatant the bias is. They don't understand how arrogantly and deliberately they are lied to by the media bosses. The NBC Nightly News program of April 21 is a good example. Perhaps you saw it yourself and remember the details I have just described for you. If you didn't see it, you can order a video cassette of the program and view it. An outfit called Burrelle's in New Jersey, which is in the business of recording and selling television news programs, will sell you a copy of the April 21 edition of NBC Nightly News for a reasonable price.
Now, it's clear enough why they engage in this sort of deception. They want to make Whites feel guilty. They want to paralyze our will to resist their “multicultural” policies. They want to morally disarm us. I talked about the details of this on a number of other programs, and I bring up the Litde-ton, Colorado, shootings simply because it is such a blatant example of
Rachel Scott
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
3
Kelly Fleming
Matthew Kechter
Daniel Mauser
this Jewish psychological war against White Americans.
And you know, it's a war they're winning. If you listened to any talk-radio programs after the shootings, you certainly heard Jewish callers pushing exactly the same party line as Neal Shapiro was pushing through his mouthpiece Tom Brokaw. “We have to do whatever it takes to stop these White racist gangs,” they were saying. And guilt-stricken White women were falling into their trap right and left, agreeing hysterically with them about the big danger from White racist gangs and how we have to do something drastic soon to stop the racist slaughter, and, oh, isn't White racism just awful? Oudaw racism. Outlaw guns. Oudaw free speech.
Yes, the Jews know exacdy what they're doing. But one really can't blame them. That's the sort of thing Jews always have done. It's in their genes. What's really disappointing and disturbing is the feminine response of our people to these Jewish lies. What's disappointing is our gullibility.
Anyway, while we're on the subject, let me remind you what the real reason is for this latest school massa-
John Tomlin
ere. You remember, we discussed this phenomenon of schoolyard killings more than a year ago. I predicted that we would see many more of them, because the social pathology that causes them is becoming worse. In a word, that pathology is alienation. Multiculturalism results in alienation. Always. You destroy a kid's sense of rootedness, his sense of belonging to a natural community; you rob him of his sense of identity, his sense of kinship with the people around him, and you'll have a frustrated kid. That's true even of Jewish kids, such as Dylan Klebold. You take away a kid's sense of responsibility to his biological community, and you're likely to have trouble. You're likely to have anti-social behavior.
If on top of that you destroy his respect for authority, you're practically guaranteed trouble. And so let me ask you: who in recent memory has done more than anyone else, by his own behavior, to destroy the respect of young Americans for authority? I'll give you a clue: he lives in Washington, at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Finally, we should note the effect of television on young people. Without going into a long-winded explanation, I'll simply point out that it blurs
Lauren Townsend
their sense of reality. You watch television four or five hours a day from the time you're able to talk, and by the time you're 17 you've seen at least 10,000 people shot to death or otherwise killed. In the real world, before television, you might see three or four real deaths while growing up, and you would have a much better appreciation for the reality of death — and of life — than the kid raised on television does. You wouldn't be quite so likely to confuse game-playing for real life.
Of course, multiculturalism is a religion these days: it is the Politically Correct religion. And its adherents tend to like Mr. Clinton and also to see television as a benign influence. So no one in public life is likely to place the blame for the growing plague of school massacres the way I did. They look only for Politically Correct explanations — or at least, for explanations which are not Politically Incorrect.
Actually, most people are that way, to a greater or lesser extent. They don't want to have unpopular opinions. They don't want to be subjected to criticism or ridicule. They want to go with the flow. They want to be popular. They want to be like everyone else and think like everyone else.
Kyle Velasquez
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
Withered Jewish Roots And The Scourge Of Intermarriage
Steve K. Walz, Editor
...By now, the shock of discovering the Jewish roots of Littleton, Colorado mass murderer Dylan Klebold may have worn off. But the ramifications of his upbringing underscores the scourge of non-stop assimilation and intermarriage in America.
The tragic claims of Susan Klebold that her son couldn't possibly have been the self-hating, neo-Nazi murderer who mowed down defenseless Columbine High School students at will, because he had a Jewish heritage and actually participated in a family seder on Pesach, rings hollow. Ms. Klebold is unfortunately in denial, like most parents who marry outside of Judaism.
The reality is that Susan Klebold married a well to do Gentile physicist who moved the family into a palatial dream house in Littleton, Colorado. They meshed into local society by religiously attending a Lutheran church on Sundays.
By opting for the Rockweliian image of the American Heartland, Susan Klebold not only severed her Jewish roots, which stretched back to Columbus, Ohio (her grandfather Leo Yassenoff, was a local philanthropist and prominent Jewish figure), she inevitably sent her son a confusing message about religion. When Dylan Klebold sat down for the Passover seder in his home, he was sitting across a table with a Jewish mother, whose concept of “religious freedom” was to be free of Judaism’s basic principles and a Gentile
father, who couldn't possibly understand the nature of the holiday.
Is it any wonder why Dylan Klebold threw in his lot with the Haggadah's portrayal of the “wicked son?”
...The American Reform movement urged Jews who came from Europe at the turn of the 20th Century to sever the ties to their “backward” Orthodox Jewish roots and integrate into society, so that American culture could reap the brilliance of our people, without the outward devotion to tradition.
Jack Warner heeded the Reform movement's philosophy. Upon his arrival in Hollywood, he divorced himself from Orthodox Judaism by marrying a Gentile, began eating ham, and became a member at the local Reform Temple. Louis B. Mayer, Samuel Gelbfish (Goldwyn) and others soon followed suit. They traded in their tefillin boxes for a chance at redemption via the silver screen “box office.”
Today, Hollywood is one big Liberal Jewish colony, with die descendants of these movie moguls, who are Jewish in name only (save for Steven Spielberg who has worked hard to preserve his heritage) drumming out films and TV series that are more often than not devoid of any social redeeming value, influencing tens of millions of American teenagers, including the likes of Dylan Klebold.
...Americans get to see obviously Jewish characters, played by Jewish actors and actresses, vying for the attentions of their non-Jewish friends and spouses.
Excepts from an article in the April 30,1999 issue of the Jewish Press
That's the lemming factor. That's the way people are, and there's not much we can do about that But the problem of schoolyard killings is real, and as I predicted quite a while ago, t's becoming worse. So it is important for at least some of us to understand what is causing the problem. So I'll say it again: the fundamental causes of schoolyard shootings are alienation, resulting primarily from the multiculturalization of our society; loss of respect for authority; and an altered sense of reality which is the consequence of being raised on television.
That doesn't mean that everyone who is alienated will become a killer or that everyone who watches television four hours a day will lose his ability to distinguish between reality and make believe. But it does mean that as alienation and the influence of television increase in the population, schoolyard killings and other destructive behavior will continue to become more common.
This also means that there is no quick and simple solution to the roblem of school violence. In the ong run, alienation can be reduced
1
only by a radical restructuring of our society. As our society is going now, alienation will only become worse. Just because the problem is difficult doesn't mean that we have to ignore it, however; it doesn't mean that there's nothing we can do. One of the most important things for us to do now is to be aware of the lies that are being told about school violence and to help others become aware. I told you about the lies Tom Brokaw told on the NBC Nightly News the day after the shooting in litdeton, Colorado.
What it's especially important to understand is that this isn't just a case of media bias, of Tom Brokaw giving a bit of a slant to the news because of his own political ideas. This is a case of cold-blooded, planned deception. When Tom Brokaw reported the news on April 21, he and his bosses at NBC knew who the victims were, yet they decided to tell us the lie that the killings were based on hatred for non-Whites. They deliberately created the false impression for their viewers that most of the victims were Black, when in fact only one was. They knew that one of the killers was
a Jew, yet they deliberately told us that the killers were “neo-Nazis” and “White supremacists.”
Since April 21, of course, most of the facts have leaked out to the public. Perceptive people already have learned the things I've just told you: the race of the victims, the Jewishness of one of the killers. But many elements in the mass media are continuing to talk about the shootings as being racially motivated and about the shooters as being “neo-Nazis” — and that's what the lemmings still are absorbing. It's hard to overcome first impressions, and the media bosses, clever propagandists that they are, understand that quite well.
The killers apparendy were Marilyn Manson fans and also liked to use some of the jargon of the Third Reich. So of course, Tom Brokaw and the rest of the media spokesmen have been saturating us with the claim that the two teenagers were “neo-Nazis,” when in fact one of them was a Jew, and there is no evidence at all to indicate that they had the least interest in the ideology or politics of National Socialism. On the other hand, after the first wave of rumors subsided there has been almost no further mention of Marilyn Manson. Could that be because Marilyn Manson is under contract to Jewish media boss Gerald Levin, who runs Warner Brothers, among other things?
I'm reminded of the schoolyard killings in Jonesboro, Arkansas, last year, in which four students and a
Marilyn Manson
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
5
Neo-Nazi” School Shooter Was A Jew, “Neo-Nazi” Band Aren't
n
Littleton, Colorado — The lie that the Colorado school shooters were “neo-Nazis” continued to collapse today as a startling fact emerged at the very bottom of an article in the Washington Post: Dylan Klebold, the alleged neo-Nazi Hitler worshipper, was Jewish. This came among continuing reports that the school shooters listened to radical, anti-racist bands and were into anarchist, anti-racist culture.
...Said Anarchist PR Coordinator Bill White in interview to ANS today: “There are two types of Jewish kids who go around yelling 'Heil Hitler.' On the one hand, you find kids like a very good friend.... He's into being annoying, and he knows that yelling 'Heil Hitler' is a really annoying thing to do. ...(T)hey think it’s funny to pretend they're into him, because he's like Satan or some other 'evil incarnate,' and making jokes about him is a verboten thing. The other (Jewish) kids are the
ones who get into him (Hitler) seriously because they're mad at their families.
...(T)he AP Wire today said that the school shooters 'worshipped' the neo-Nazi songs “Du Hast” by “Neo-Nazi techno-rocker” Rammstein and “Ich Bin Ein Auslander” by “Neo-Nazi” band “Pop Will Eat Itself.” Both songs are radical anti-nazi songs. The first song, “You Hate,” is a radical anti-nazi song by Rammstein, and the second, “I am an outsider,” is a radical, anti-racist, anti-ethnic cleansing song by PWEI.
Ironically, the song “Ich Bin Ein Auslander” was named in Anti-Racist Action 'zine in 1996 to be one of the “top ten” anti-racist songs out there.
Said one anarchist today, “They might as well be saying these kids were into those 'Neo-Nazi rockers' the Dead Kennedys (a leftist punk band from the 1980’s).”
An April 24,1999, press release by an outfit called the Anarchist News Service
teacher were murdered — all of them White, incidentally. One of the killers, 13-year-old Mitchell Johnson, had recently succumbed to the multicultural influence of gangsta' rap, a type of Black music which glorifies pimping and drug dealing and drive-by shootings and other forms of Black criminality. His English teacher, Debbie Pelley, testified before a Congressional committee in Washington after the killings that a few months before the massacre young Johnson had become obsessed with gangsta1 rap. He would play the music on the school bus and even try to listen to it in class, his teacher said. His favorite rapper was Tupac Shakur, who himself was killed in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas. His English teacher told the Congressional committee that she had seen Mitchell Johnson's behavior change after he began listening to the gangsta' rap. And yet Debbie Pelley's testimony was never mentioned by the mainstream Jewish media. Instead we heard the same sort of Politically Correct explanations for the Jonesboro murders that we are hearing for the Littleton, Colorado, murders. Again, perhaps the reason the media chose not to mention the testimony of Mitchell Johnson's English teacher about the effect of gangsta' rap on him was that the boy's favorite rapper, Tupac Shakur, was under contract to Interscope Records, a label owned by the Jewish media conglomerate MCA, which had been headed by Lew Wasserman, one of Bill Clinton's biggest financial supporters.
Anyway, that's the way it goes. The mass media bosses give us the news which fits, and they ignore the news which doesn't fit. More than that, they consciously and deliberately lie, when it suits their purpose, as in
Rammstein
the case of the NBC Nightly News broadcast I cited a minute ago.
And you know, this coldblooded, calculated, deliberate lying by the news media isn't restricted to schoolyard shootings. We're being lied to massively and deliberately by the Jewish media about the war against Yugoslavia, for example. The Jewish media deliberately concocted the story that Serb soldiers were engaging in the mass rape of Muslim women and then cutting their throats. The media have portrayed the Albanians as harmless, inoffensive, peace-loving people and the Serbs as bloodthirsty monsters. The media bosses have sat down, made a deliberate plan for the lies they would tell, and now they're telling them. They want to turn American public opinion against the Serbs and Slobodan Milosevic, and they're lying in order to do that.
The facts are leaking out, of course. The perceptive observer can learn that the Albanians were committing atrocities against the Serbs long before this current crisis in Kosovo developed. The perceptive observer can learn that the Kosovo Liberation Army is more like a mafia organization than an army of patriotic freedom fighters, but Tom Brokaw and the rest of the controlled media will never tell you that. They tell us only what suits their purpose. And that's all that the mass of the American voters, the lemmings, ever will know.
The cover of Newsweek magazine two weeks ago had a picture of Slobodan Milosevic on it with the legend in big letters: “The Face of Evil.” Really. They could more honesdy have put Madeleine Albright's face on the cover with that legend. But that wouldn't suit their purpose, which is to demonize Milosevic, demonize the Serbs, portray the Albanians as innocent victims, and build public support for Albright's murderous war to beat Serbia into submission to the New World Order.
You know, it often has been said that in war, the first casualty is truth. Governments justify their lies in wartime in terms of the need to mislead the enemy and build patriotic fervor for an all-out effort to win the war. In the war against Yugoslavia the Clinton government certainly can't claim patriotism as an excuse for its lies, because it already has abjured patriotism as a motive; it already has told us that this is not a war to defend Amer-
Pop Will Eat Itself
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
ican national interests. And in this war the enemy the government and the media are trying to deceive with their lies is us, the American people. We are the enemy. They certainly aren't fooling the Serbs.
This does make a problem for those of us who are more interested in knowing the truth than in being Politically Correct. I mean, we know that the Jewish media over here lie to us massively on just about everything. But it's probably safe to assume that the Russian media and the Serb media also lie. The Russians are claiming now that more than 40 U.S. warplanes have been shot down over Serbia. The Jewish media over here are claiming that only one U.S. warplane, an F-117, has been shot down. How do we determine the truth? I've been a little suspicious about the Jewish claim of only one U.S. plane downed by the Serbs, because the A-10s the Americans are using now for attacking Serb armor are a lot easier
to shoot down than an F-117; they fly lower and slower. But Tom Brokaw and the other spokesmen for the Jewish media over here are claiming no losses. I simply don't believe it. But I really don't know what the truth is. When I find out, I certainly will tell you.
Meanwhile, don't count on learning the truth from Tom Brokaw or any other spokesmen for the Jewish media bosses. As long as Madeleine Albright is able to keep running around from one country to another with her big checkbook in hand, writing out bribes to keep the politicians in the little NATO countries in line, promising her kinsman Primakov that if he keeps the Russians out of it the IMF loans will keep coming, the killing in Europe will go on, and the lying about it over here will continue.
About all that decent people everywhere can hope for is that the Serbs will make good use of one of their submarines and take out a U.S.
aircraft carrier in the Adriatic, or that they will get enough modern anti-aircraft missiles from somewhere to make the continued bombing of Belgrade prohibitively expensive for Albright and her Jewish crew.
And you know, that's a terrible thing for me to have to say. If this war were being fought to defend America, I could never say that. But when America's armed forces are being used by the enemies of the American people as a mercenary force to commit mass murder in Europe, that is how I and many other patriotic Americans feel.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Lies, Murder, and Jews,” aired on May 1, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The End of Patriotism
You know, what Madeleine Albright and the rest of the Clinton gang are doing in Yugoslavia is really something new, and it's taking me a while to become accustomed to it. This is the first time I've ever hoped that American bombers would be shot down or American ships sunk. It's a strange feeling, and I don't really like it
I remember back during the Vietnam war how I despised people like Jane Fonda and Bill Clinton, who carried Viet Cong flags and demonstrated in favor of America's enemies, at a time when the Viet Cong and the North Vietnamese were killing an average of 100 young Americans every day. I never was enthusiastic about American involvement in Vietnam, but since we were involved I thought that we ought to win as quickly as possible and then get out And of course, our opponents then were communists and they were non-White; I had no objections at all to killing them. And there was still the pretense that the war was a patriotic effort, an effort to protect America's national interests. Certainly, that's the way most of our troops felt about it They felt that they were fighting on America's behalf, they felt patriotic, and
they certainly resented the scorn directed at them by the pro-Viet Cong demonstrators over here.
How different Madeleine Albright's war against Serbia is! There's not even a pretense that killing Serbs is serving America's interests. The war against Serbia is the first war of the 21st century, the New World Order crowd is proclaiming. Defending national interests is out of fashion now. The fashionable thing now is to use multinational mercenary forces to compel other countries to conform their internal policies to the wishes of the New World Order folks or to rearrange boundaries to suit New World Order schemes. The people who are running this war — nominally Clinton, but actually the gaggle of Jews he appointed to be in charge of America's foreign policy and national security after his re-election in 1996 — never approved of patriotism, anyway. They always sneered at it. They were the crowd cheering for the Viet Cong back in the 1960s and 1970s. Now they're cheering for NATO.
They were never patriotic Americans themselves, even after they had been here five or six generations, but in the past they at least tried to use our atriotic feelings to get us to do their illing for them: in the Second World
War, for example. Now they've decided that they can drop any pretense of patriotism. Now they believe that we'll simply fight whomever they pay us to fight. As I said, that's something I'm having a hard time becoming accustomed to.
The yahoos at the VFW clubs certainly will not understand this, but in fact Madeleine Albright's war against Yugoslavia has profound implications for the relationship between the citizens of a modern state and their government, and for the relationship between civilians and soldiers. Prior to the 20th century the concept of patriotism was generally understood to be the “family” feeling — a blend of affection and loyalty — one had for one's fatherland, the land of one's ancestors. A related concept was that of nationalism, the family feeling that one had for one's nation: which is to say, for one's people. The etymology of die word implied that one's nation was one's extended biological family: everyone in the nation was related by birth. If a nation had occupied a given geographical territory for a long time, then the two concepts were practically interchangeable.
Patriotism was much more th an an intellectual construct; it was closer to an instinct. It was bred into a people because it had survival value. A tribe
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
7
which could depend on the loyalty of its members was much more likely to survive than one which could not. Thus also the strong taboo against treason.
When North America was seeded by Europeans in the 17th, 18th, and 19th centuries, the meanings of patriotism and nationalism were strained a bit. Fairly soon, however, the descendants of immigrants from Germany, Ireland, Scodand, England, Norway, Poland, Italy, and other European countries developed a new sense of patriotism. There was enough similarity among the European immigrants to North America that one might even say that a new nation came into being, and with it a feeling of affection and loyalty for America and the American people.
There were exceptions, of course. While most Swedish, French, and other European immigrants soon transferred their loyalty from the land of their ancestors in Europe to the new land in America, non-European groups as a rule did not. Gypsies still thought of themselves first and foremost as Gypsies. And Jews remained Jews, with a loyalty only to the Jewish people, wherever they might live.
This transfer of loyalty on the part of European immigrants gave America the cohesion it needed to grow and prosper. Unfortunately, it also provided a handle for the Jews and their collaborators to use in manipulating public opinion in America and setting America against Europe in two fratricidal and horribly destructive world wars in this century. Patriotism is a powerful force even when it is misguided. Governments can use it for purposes which are not in the interests of the people. Even when the Jews don't have a hand in things, there still can be bad governments and unnecessary wars, but no government is likely to deliberately and consistendy work against the interests of its own people over an extended period. The Jewish presence in America in the 20th century, however, has resulted in patriotism being used against the interests of the American people in a systematic way, at least through the Vietnam war.
Incidentally, recendy published statistics from the Vietnam war provide powerful support for the suspicion which always has existed that, though Jews may manipulate the patriotic feelings of the rest of us, they themselves retain their own Jewish patriotism and do not share our patriotism. If one counts Stars of David in military ceme-
Patriotism is a natural emotion stemming from a family feeling.
teries from the Second World War, one finds them conspicuously underrepresented in the fields of crosses.
In a book published just last year, Stolen Valor, a study of the Vietnam war and its veterans, B.G. Burkett and Glenna Whidey cite a 1992 study of Department of Defense records by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Professor Arnold Barnett and West Point's Captain Timothy Stanley which provided much more precise data on the matter of Jewish patriotism. Draft-age Jews in America, it turns out, suffered losses in Vietnam at a rate less than one-fifth their proportion of the population. This was not simply a matter of rich boys avoiding service while poor boys got killed: young White men — that is, White Gentiles — from high-income families suffered approximately the same overall casualty rate as low-income Whites. Although some high-income Whites avoided the draft as university students, Whites from high-income families made up most of die officer corps, which suffered a disproportionately high casualty rate, and the average death rate for high-income Whites was nearly the same as for low-income Whites.
For Jews, however, the difference is striking: making up slighdy over 2.5 per cent of the population, Jews accounted for only 0.46 per cent of the GIs killed in Vietnam. This remarkable difference reflects a remarkable difference in attitudes between Jews and Whites.
Even as late as the Vietnam war, with Bill Clinton and his Jewish and leftist friends demonstrating for the Viet Cong, traditional American patriotism remained a powerful force. Most young White men still looked on military service in time of war as a patriotic duty.
Phrases such as “serving your country” were still taken seriously. There was great respect for military heroism and military sacrifice. And although many Vietnam veterans were offended by being called “baby killers” and the like by leftist demonstrators in the United States, the general feeling in the White population remained that men in military “service” deserved the support of everyone on the home front. There still was the feeling that America's armed forces were “defending America.”
Now we have a quite different situation, even though the yahoos won't realize that for a while yet In Madeleine Albright's war against Serbia there's not even a pretense that America's armed forces are “defending America” or performing some sort of “service” for the American people which deserves moral support from the home front. The politicians may still mouth hypocritical slogans about “supporting our boys” in order to keep the votes of the yahoos, but no one with a brain takes such slogans seriously any longer. It is clear that America's armed forces have become a purely mercenary operation. Joining the armed forces these days is an equal-opportunity employment choice, not a patriotic act. Soldiers are paid to enforce the will of the New World Order crowd, not to defend the American people, and they deserve no more support or respect from civilians than the members of any other occupational group: bus drivers or construction workers, say. If an F-117 is shot down, its replacement cost comes out of our tax dollars, but that's also true of the government's spending for highway maintenance or new prisons. There just isn't any emotional dimension to it.
And when it comes to a conflict between American military personnel fighting under NATO or United Nations command on one side and Serbian military personnel on the other side, there no longer is a moral obligation to cheer for the Americans. They are not defending us; we don't have to support them. They're not even on “our” side any more than the Serbs are. And at least the Serbs have an all-White army.
As I said, this is really a big and important change in the nature of things. The Jews always were impatient with our old-fashioned sense of patriotism. It gave them a handle for manipulating us, but they always were a little afraid of it, always a little worried that it
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
General Wesley Clark
might turn against them someday. So now they've changed the equation of patriotism. Now they've dropped the pretense. That's one more step in the remaking of America in the Jewish image, and judging from what some of the more reckless Jews have been saying recendy, they feel pretty good about it. At least, they don't have to apologize any longer for the sort of statistics 1 just cited on Vietnam casualties. Now they can simply cite their success in evading service as proof that they're smarter than we are.
My view of the matter is that they Ik have moved a little prematurely on this and eventually will come to regret it bit-m terly. Based in instinct as it is, patrio-f tism cannot be gotten rid of so easily. They have succeeded in invalidating the moral contract which used to exist between America's soldiers and her civilians, just as they invalidated the concept of popular democracy when they put together a majority coalition of welfare rabble, non-Whites, homosexuals, feminists, and ball-game fans under their control which could elect something like Bill Clinton to the White House twice in a row, even though everything about the man offended decent and responsible Americans.
You know, not everyone is adaptable enough to accept this new situation. There is a strong conservative tendency in most people which resists change. Just because something like democracy has become institutional-
ized in our society, they will continue to accept it and respect it even after it has been subverted and turned against them. They will continue to salute the concept of democracy reflexively, even when our deadliest enemies are using that concept to destroy us. When the Jews have put together a coalition of voters they can count on to elect public officials under Jewish control, many decent Americans will simply permit themselves to be voted into slavery or voted into the slaughterhouse rather than abandon the institutionalized and revered concept of democracy.
I believe that the true patriot is one who puts the survival and freedom and progress of his people ahead of any theory of government, institutionalized or not. The true patriot is one who, when confronted with the reality of the Clinton coalition, will not simply bow his head and accept the will of the majority but will plan instead to do whatever is necessary to make the will of the patriotic minority prevail over the Clinton majority. If that means turning that majority into a minority by thinning out some of its components, then so be it. And if it means abandoning the concept of democracy itself, at least temporarily, then so be it.
And, just as many conservatives will let institutionalized democracy destroy our people rather than oppose it, so also will many conservatives not be willing to come to grips with the subversion of America's armed forces
which has taken place. Because respect and support for the armed forces have been institutionalized, any recognition that respect and support no longer are appropriate will be resisted by conservatives. For example, at the end of my broadcast last week I said that decent people everywhere can hope that the Serbs will use one of their submarines to sink a U.S. aircraft carrier in the Adriatic, and I received some shocked and indignant responses to this statement — as I expected I would. One or two listeners suggested I “got carried away” by my hatred for the Clinton government. For these listeners the old taboo is still in effect We still must “support our boys,” even when they are taking orders from Madeleine Albright
Well, let me assure you, I never get carried away. I meant what I said — but it was hard for me to say it. I always have had a stronger than average admiration and respect for military traditions and virtues. I always have been very conscious of the moral contract between the armed forces and the civilian population, which is why I was so outraged during the Vietnam war by the behavior of people like Bill Clinton and Jane Fonda. And so I understand that it is very difficult for conservatives to accept what I said.
Nevertheless, let me carry my thoughts on this subject a bit further. The U.S armed forces have been brainwashed and trained for some time now to be used against rebellious U.S. citizens. Don't worry about the legalities of the matter; they will be used by the Jews and their allies against Americans whenever the Jews feel threatened. They are being used now to kill people who are a lot like us, people whose thinking is a lot healthier, a lot closer to that of the average WTiite American of 50 years ago than to the thinking of the people who voted for Clinton three years ago. They really are a mercenary force, and their leaders would just as soon use them against White Americans or Europeans as against Haitians or Somalis.
More so, in fact. Perhaps you will remember that in my broadcast two weeks ago I quoted for you what General Wesley Clark had told reporters about his own motivation for killing Serbs. General Clark, remember, is the military boss of NATO, the man directing the New World Order's murderous bombing campaign against Serbia. Clark said:
There is no place in modem Europe for ethnically pure states. That's a 19th-century idea, and we're trying to transition
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
9
into the 21st century, and we're going to do it with multi-ethnic states.
I commented in that same broadcast about the politicization of America's armed forces, with General Clark as an example of the new breed of political generals, military leaders who mouth the political slogans of the New World Order and are as ready to sacrifice the interests of America in the service of what British Prime Minister Tony Blair calls “the new internationalism” as are Albright, Cohen, Berger, and the rest of the Jewish gang around Clinton.
Well, two weeks ago, I didn't realize just how close General Clark's ties to that gang are. I didn't realize that he is a blood-member of the gang himself. You know, Jews are so scarce in our armed forces that 1 just assumed that none of our top military leaders are Jews. I just assumed that they are politicians, amoral careerists who will do whatever they are told to do by the Jews around Clinton. But I have just found out that Clark is more than a politician mouthing Jewish slogans in order to advance his career. Clark's biological father was a Russian Jew named Benjamin Jacob Kanne. Clark's grandfather had left Russia with the name Jacob Nemerovsky and sneaked into the United States with a forged passport, using the name “Kanne.” Clark's father died when the boy was five years old,
and his mother married a Gentile, Victor Clark. His mother and stepfather raised him as a Christian in Litde Rock, Arkansas.
His Jewish blood relatives kept in touch, however, and more than 30 years ago began bringing him into the Jewish network. That was when Clark was at Oxford as a Rhodes scholar, about the same time Clinton was. Rhodes scholarships seem to be almost a membership initiation requirement for the New World Order gang, like certain types of tattoos for prison gangs or the chopping off of part of a finger for the Japanese mafia, the yakuza.
Clark welcomed his new Jewish contacts, and they may have helped him up the political ladder to his present position. Otherwise, it just seems too much of a coincidence. I have a suspicion that when Clark has finished his NATO duties he will have a leading role to play in the military in the United States. He would be the ideal choice for using the Army to politically cleanse the United States, rounding up any remaining patriots and putting them away so that they can never pose a direat to the Clinton coalition.
And really, that's coming. I don't know what methods or what pretense they will use. I don't know what the timetable will be. But I know that it's coming. That's what the New World Order gang has spent 50 years getting
our armed forces ready for. That's what General Wesley Kanne Clark is being groomed for.
You know, despite what you might think from listening to the politicians in Washington, despite what you might think from looking at what our armed forces have become, despite everything the Jews have done to brainwash Americans, there still are a great many patriots left here. The patriotic instinct is still here, waiting for a new way to express itself. But if it is to express itself effectively — if patriots are to prevail over those who believe that only multiethnic states should be permitted to exist in the 21st century — then one of the first things we must do is understand clearly that the old contract between soldiers and civilians is broken. We must understand that the people now killing Serbs in our name, the people who later will be used in an effort to kill us — these military people are no longer “our boys.”
Additional Reading:
Stolen Valor, B.G. Burkett and Glenna Whitley (Verity Press, 1998)
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The End of Patriotism,” aired on May 8, 1999.
A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Bigger War
Perhaps by now you are tired of hearing me talk about Madeleine Albright's genocide against the Serbs. There certainly are plenty of other interesting things we could discuss: more horrifying Black-on-White crimes that the Jewish media have hushed up, more shocking details of Clinton's treasonous sale of American security to China, more of the fallout from that school shooting in Colorado last month and what it reveals about the corruption of public life in America. All of these things are important — but none is quite as important as Madeleine Albright's war against Serbia.
And it's not just that Albright murders more people in Serbia every day than are killed in a year of schoolyard shootings in America. It is the fundamental lessons for us, the fundamental warnings, which are spelled out so clearly by the NATO murder campaign against the Serbs. An advantage which
sometimes comes from studying foreign events instead of domestic affairs is that the distance lends clarity to the lesson. Looking at events happening seven thousand miles away in Serbia, we can see the whole forest without the trees getting in our way.
Actually, I'm sticking my neck out a bit in talking about the war in the Balkans at this time. The war may be over by the time I'm on the air. Today, as 1 prepare my commentary, there's talk that a Russian delegation may soon be on its way to Belgrade to pressure the Serbs into surrendering to NATO. The Albright gang in America are smirking and rubbing their hands and laughing among themselves as they tell each other that it's an offer Milosevic won't be able to refuse.
Here's the idea: Russia is supposed to be Serbia's only ally. It's not that the Russian government has given the Serbs any tangible assistance, but
among the Russian people there is almost unanimous support for the Serbs, so Russia is said to be Serbia's “ally.” The nominal head of the Russian government, of course, is a chronically sick, alcoholic clown, Boris Yeltsin, who serves much the same role in Russia that Bill Clinton serves here: he is simply a Russian front man for the Jewish billionaires and the Jewish mafia bosses who are bleeding Russia dry.
And alongside Yeltsin, as the prime minister of Russia, until last Wednesday, was Yevgeny Primakov — who was born with the name Pinchas Finklestein. So heading the Russian government at the time it agreed with NATO last week on the demands to be made on Serbia we had a front man for the Jews and a Jew — which meant that any support, diplomatic or otherwise, the Serbs might receive from Russia was likely to be purely illusory.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
I
With	Primakov/Finklestein's
departure a few days ago things are a bit up in the air at the moment, but if the Kremlin delegation does go ahead and present Albright's demands to Milosevic, he will be under a great deal of pressure to surrender. If he doesn't surrender, then the Russian government — which is no more a truly Russian government than the Clinton government is an American government — can wash its hands of Serbia, saying, “We tried to help, but he rejected us.” That will leave Serbia all alone, and Albright and her crew can continue their campaign of genocide against the Serbs, pretending that they tried to negotiate, but the Serbs wouldn't listen to reason. And if Milosevic does accept the Kremlin offer, it will be equivalent to surrendering to NATO. It will amount to yielding his country's rights to its own territory and turning it over to the international criminals who have been bombing and killing his people.
Now, why is this important to Americans? Why should we care whether Albanians or Serbs or NATO runs Serbia's Kosovo province? Certainly, we don't really care when some bunch of Blacks in Africa fights with another bunch over who will run some bantustan. What difference will some little theft of territory in the Balkans make to us?
I've explained this before, and I'll explain it again: the outcome of this war to take Kosovo away from Serbia is important because it is a new kind of war, which will help to establish a new principle if it is successful. That new principle is that the New World Order, as embodied in NATO or the United Nations or whatever other supranational body the board of directors of the New World Order chooses, can tell any country in the world how to govern itself and then destroy anyone who doesn't obey. It will mean an end to national sovereignty. It will mean an end to national independence. It will mean an end to freedom.
Now, I know that there are a lot of liberal nitwits out there who think that will be just wonderful. Sovereignty and independence are bad words to liberals. They believe that interdependence is much better than independence. They believe that everything will be much nicer when there are no more sovereign nations and the whole world is ruled by a committee: no more rich and powerful nations, no more poor and weak nations, everyone equal. And no one will be mistreated; governments will be

Objective reporting?
forced to be nice to their citizens. Of course, we may have to break a few eggs — Serbia, for example — in order to make this wonderful omelet, but it will be well worth it in the end, the liberals believe. In the end we will have true democracy and equality everywhere.
You know, die liberal mind is a strange thing. I am sure that they really do want their omelet, and they really are willing to break as many eggs as it takes, to commit as much genocide as they have to. But they certainly don't believe in democracy or equality. No one with any sense at all believes in equality. And as for democracy, look at what's been going on in some of the countries they've got signed up for their current egg-breaking foray in the Balkans. This is not a war that the people of the NATO countries voted for or that they wish to continue. It is enormously unpopular in most of them, but the politicians at the top are sure that they know better than the voters what's good for them — that is, what's good for the politicians that Madeleine Albright has been bribing to stay in her war against Serbia. Even the voters in the world's prime boob hatchery, the United States of America, are beginning to have second thoughts about the wisdom of running around the world kicking sand in everyone's face, just because we're big enough to get away with it. Not even Mr. Clinton's coalition of brain-dead rabble, who in the past have given him his high poll ratings, are solidly behind his genocide against Serbia any longer. Last Saturday
U.S. voter support for continuing the bombing was down to 43 per cent and falling. Even the flag-waving yahoos at the American Legion are sick of the senseless slaughter. Last week the Legion's national executive committee unanimously called on the Clinton government to stop the bombing and withdraw all U.S. forces from the region immediately.
But that's all right: the Jews and their ever-wors hipful liberal-elite followers know what's best and are determined to continue their murder campaign down to the last Serb if Milosevic doesn't surrender, regardless of what the voters think about it.
They already have gotten away with so much that they really believe that they can do whatever they want with impunity. Did you hear the news last week when the Clinton government in effect admitted in court that it had no credible evidence to justify blowing up a pharmaceutical factory in Sudan last year? I told you at the time that Clinton had no justification for firing his cruise missiles last August 20 at a pharmaceutical factory in Khartoum, Sudan, which he claimed was a nerve-gas factory. I told you that he destroyed this factory just because he felt he needed to do something to prove that the United States isn't powerless against terrorists of the sort who blew up two U.S. embassies in Africa. What he actually did was prove that the United States has itself become a terrorist country, which will fire its missiles wherever it damned well pleases, without worrying about any sort of legal or moral justification. Mr. Clinton proved that the United States will kick sand in the face of anyone it wants to. Sudan just happens to have the misfortune of being in Osama bin Laden's part of the world. Well, the owners of the bombed pharmaceutical factory sued the U.S. government, and the government caved in last week, declining to provide any evidence to support its claim that the pharmaceutical factory was anything but a pharmaceutical factory. The owners will win their case, and the Clinton government will hope that everyone forgets about it as soon as possible.
Letting a government get away with that sort of lawless activity is not a good policy. The attitude which was behind the attack on the pharmaceutical factory is the same attitude which is behind the attack on Serbia. The Clinton government got away with it in Sudan. No one was even sent to prison for that totally irresponsible act of terrorism. If the Clinton government wins in Serbia,
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
11
then the people who do this sort of thing will believe that nothing can stop them. They will believe that whenever they want to change some country's borders or force some country to change its internal policies, all they have to do is fire off a few cruise missiles.
That is why I fervendy hope that Slobodan Milosevic will not surrender to Madeleine Albright. That is why I hope that he will tell Yeltsin and whoever takes Primakov's place, “Thanks for your help, but no thanks. We will continue to defend our country against aggression, even if we must do it alone. We will not permit foreign troops on our soil.” I hope that is what he will say, even though the murderous thugs running NATO certainly will continue their bombing and will kill more Serbs — for a while.
I don't want more Serbs killed, but even less do 1 want Albright and her gang to get away with their aggression. 1 believe that if Milosevic and his Serbs can hold out against the NATO gangsters for a few weeks longer, international pressure against NATO will continue to build, and eventually they will slink away with their tails between their legs. We need for NATO to have that setback. The world needs it. The world will be gready indebted to Serbia if the Serbs hold out against NATO now.
You know, last week when I reaffirmed a statement that I'd made the week before to the effect that it would be good if the Serbs were to sink an American warship in the Adriatic, some listeners disagreed with me. One listener told me that he has a nephew on the aircraft carrier USS Roosevelt in the Adriatic, and he is distressed that I should want any harm to befall his nephew. After all, he says, most servicemen haven't any idea about the real issues here. All they know is the official propaganda line taught to them by their bosses in the Pentagon. They aren't to blame for what's happening, and they shouldn't be punished. The hatred against American servicemen is building up everywhere in the world, and I shouldn't add to that hatred, he says.
Well, of course, I don't want this listener's nephew to drown in the Adriatic if the USS Roosevelt is sunk — or anyone else's nephew. But the fact is that our people — that is, Europeans, White people — are being killed every day by Madeleine Albright's rockets and bombs because the USS Roosevelt and other U.S. warships are in the Adriatic. I'm willing to accept that this listener's
nephew doesn't understand the issues and isn't really an evil person. I'm willing to accept that he's just an unwitting pawn in Albright's murder machine, and I wish him no harm. But the machine is being used to kill our people in Serbia. And undoubtedly many of these Serbs that Albright's murder machine is killing are no more valuable members of our race than this listener's nephew. Undoubtedly there are some criminals and some drunkards and some lawyers and some welfare cases among the Serbs being killed in Belgrade and in Kosovo. And certainly, there are many Serbs who have no more a clue to the real issues here than the sailors on the USS Roosevelt. But the Serbs aren't part of Madeleine Albright's murder machine, and my listener's nephew is. That is the key difference here.
The fact is that we are in a bad position now — all of us are in a bad position: I and the Serbs and my listener and his nephew, our whole race — because we have let Madeleine and her murderous tribe get the upper hand over us. That is the problem we have to deal with. Until we get Madeleine and all the rest of her tribe off our backs, our people will be lied to, our people will be exploited, and our people will be killed. So we need to focus on getting Madeleine and her tribe off our backs. Anything which takes us closer to that goal is good, and anything which diverts us from that goal is bad. Let's keep our eyes on the forest, not just on the trees.
I hope I have made myself clear. What we want to see come out of this war specifically is a defeat for NATO, regardless of how that comes about. We would like to see that defeat come about without any more losses for our people, whether Americans or Serbs. But there almost certainly will be more losses, at least among die Serbs, because the gangsters running this war won't give up easily. They will continue killing as long as they can. As public disapproval of this war grows, both in America and elsewhere; as more U.S. embassies around the world are burned; as more organizations such as the American Legion, God bless those yahoos, raise their voices against the war; and as more politicians over here follow the polls and become more concerned about the desires of their constituents than about pleasing the Jews, a defeat for NATO — and for Madeleine Albright and for the New World Order — will become more likely. But the Serbs must hold out until that hap-
Anti-NATO demonstrators outside the U.S. embassy in Moscow
pens, and if the sinking of the USS Roosevelt will help them keep up their morale, then so be it.
But you know, if we want to get Madeleine and her tribe off our backs — if we want, someday, to make an end to them and their scheme for a New World Order, with us as their serfs — we need to do more than hope for a NATO defeat in Serbia. We need to do everything we can. We need to speak out. If we belong to an organization, we need to do what we can to make the organization follow the example of the American Legion. We need to write letters to every newspaper which has a public opinion page. We need to get on the telephone and make ourselves heard on every radio talk show. And when there are demonstrations against the war we need to participate in them, even if we don't agree with everyone else in the demonstration on every issue.
And I should say this also: In responding to this current war, it will behoove us to think about it in its larger context. Making NATO back down this one time will not stop Madeleine and her crew from trying something else just as bloody and destructive the next time they see a chance. To them it's not just NATO against Serbia. They always think about the struggle in its larger context. And as I said, we need to do the same.
To Madeleine Albright and James Rubin and William Cohen and Sandy Berger and General Wesley Kanne Clark, this isn't a war of America versus Serbia or of NATO versus Serbia; it's a war of their people against our people. NATO versus Serbia is only one little episode in a bigger war they have been waging against us for thousands of years and which they believe that they are now on the verge of winning, once and for all. They have totally corrupt
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
Gentiles as their front men in the United States, in Britain, and in Russia. They have a death grip on the mass media. They have the wealth and military might of the United States at their disposal. They have bribed and intimidated the politicians of 20 nations into going along with their war against Serbia. It may seem like a rather precarious house of cards they have built, but if they can keep it together long enough to prevail over Serbia, they will have gready strengthened their position and will be much more likely to prevail over their next victim.
They may beat us in this NATO versus Serbia batde, or they may not, but if we are to have any hope of beating them in the long run — if we are to have any hope of winning the bigger war and not just this batde — then we must understand the war the way they do. We must learn to think in the bigger context the way they do. We must think in terms of what is good for our people, for our race, in the long run — not what will help the Democrats or the Republicans win the next election, not what will give the Protestants an advantage over the Catholics or vice
versa, not what will give our people who speak French an edge over our people who speak English, not what will allow Americans to show Serbs that we have more cruise missiles and B-2 bombers than they do, not what will allow any part of our people defined only by geography or language or religion or politics to prevail over any other part of our people. We must think in terms of blood, of family, of race first and foremost. We must understand that we and the Serbs are of the same family, the same blood, the same race — and that Madeleine Albright and James Rubin and William Cohen and Sandy Berger and Richard Holbrooke and General Wesley Kanne Clark and all of the big media bosses who are behind this war against Serbia belong to a different family, a different race, a race which always has been hostile to ours.
For too long we have allowed them to manipulate us, to set one part of us against another part in wars they cooked up for their own advantage. That has never been truer than in this war against Serbia. It is a Jewish war, and only Jews can benefit from it. We
should not be involved in it. We should do everything we can to ensure that the Jews lose it. But regardless of what happens in the Balkans in the next few months, we need to continue building our new way of looking at the world and judging things, our way based on family and blood and race. That's the only way we can beat these New World Order thugs in the long run. That's the only way we can keep the Jews from using their age-old trick of setting one part of our people against another part.
Ana you know, for those of us who just like to fight, those who enjoy a family squabble, we can go back to fighting among ourselves in the future if we really must — but only after we have beaten the enemy of us all, the world enemy.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Bigger War,” aired on May 15, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
What They’re Aiming For
it
When I spoke with you a couple of weeks ago I mentioned the recent firing of a White radio disk jockey in Washington, DC, who made a Politically Incorrect remark on the air. Doug Tracht, who is known as the Grease-man, was by far the most “popular personality” on Washington radio station WARW-FM. His listeners were nearly all Whites, and they not only liked the music he played for them, but they also enjoyed his sometimes risque or Politically Incorrect remarks on the air. For example, back in 1986, when the subject of making a holiday out of the birthday of Martin Luther King came up, the Greaseman, who was very popular in Washington even then, had said, “Hey, kill four more, and we can take a whole week off.” That's the sort of thing which endeared him to his White listeners, if not to station owners.
Well, last month the Grammy awards had just been handed out by the folks in Hollywood who decide what sort of music we should listen to, and one of the winners was a Negress, Lau-ryn Hill, who had won a Grammy for a hip-hop record. That's not the sort of
Harvey Milk
thing the Greaseman ordinarily played for his White listeners, but in light of the Grammy award he decided to play her record. Well, he stopped the record in disgust about halfway through and commented, “No wonder people drag them behind trucks.”
It didn't take but a few minutes for the Hollywood bosses to hear about that, and the word came back quickly. The Greaseman was out of a job within hours. The same day he was fired from his part-time job as a deputy sheriff in suburban Falls Church, Virginia. It's not just that the Greaseman had made a Politically Incorrect reference to the trial which was taking place in Jasper, Texas, at the time; he had in effect contradicted the Hollywood media bosses as to what type of music White people should listen to. The media bosses have been pushing a program for years to popularize Black music among Whites. It's not only a way to disconnect young Whites from their own European roots, but it encourages more racial mixing. And the Greaseman had bucked the program. He had told his White audience that they didn't have to like hip-hop. It was okay not to listen to the trendy sort of non-White music the Hollywood media bosses wanted them to listen to. Perhaps the Greaseman could have gotten away with that back in 1986, but not in 1999. Things have gotten a lot more Politically Correct in the last 13 years.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
13
Harvey Milk and Jimmy Carter
I'll give you another example of this trend. Three weeks ago the superintendent of New Jersey's state police, Carl Williams, was fired by New Jersey's very trendy and ambitious female governor, Christine Whitman. Why? Because Williams, in an interview with a reporter for the Newark Star-Ledger had said that non-Whites are more likely to be involved in importing and dealing some types of illegal drugs than Whites are. The state police superintendent, in talking about New Jersey's drug problem, had told the reporter:
If you're looking at the methamphet-amine market, that seems to be controlled by the motorcycle gangs, which are basically ... White.
Now, that much was okay. Nothing wrong with saying that the metham-phetamine trade is controlled by White motorcycle gangs. But then State Police Superintendent Williams continued:
If you're looking at heroin and stuff like that, your involvement is more or less Jamaicans.
Oooh! He really shouldn't have said that. Very Politically Incorrect! And Williams also told the reporter:
Today ... the drug problem is cocaine or marijuana. It's most likely a minority group that's involved with that. They arent going to ask some Irishman to be a part of tneir . . . [gang] because they don t trust him.
Well, sir, as soon as Governor Whitman heard that, she fired Williams, ending his 35-year career in law enforcement. His comments to the reporter, she said, were “insensitive.” And today, you know, in the Clinton era, that's what really counts: not being an effective law enforcement officer, but being sensitive; not telling the truth, but being Politically Correct; not locking up die criminals, but feeling their pain.
Now, the enforcers of Political Correctness these days are mosdy Whites. They may get their orders from the Middle Eastern clique in Hollywood or New York, but the station manager who fired the Greaseman and the governor who fired Superintendent Williams are trendy Whites. The non-Whites, however, have been quick to see the trend and to hop on the bandwagon. Just as they were screaming for the Grease-man's blood in Washington a few weeks ago, they also were baying and yelping in New Jersey when Williams went down. New Jersey State Assembly-man LeRoy Jones pompously said of Williams:
His views are dastardly; his thoughts are ill... and he's unfit to hold such a critical, important office__He's a racist of the
worst kind, because he doesn't even know it.
Did you hear that? The worst racists are those who don't even know they're racists. They're those White males who try to be Politically Correct, but they just aren't sensitive enough to keep up with the very latest trends in Political Correctness. They just don't feel the pain of all of those underprivileged and persecuted minority drug gangs and feminists and homosexuals the way a truly sensitive man like Bill Clinton does. And so, of course, those who aren't like Bill Clinton will just have to go. Making an example of them will help all the rest of us become more sensitive, more responsive to minority needs.
You know, I find the sort of thing that happened to New Jersey State Police Superintendent Carl Williams really funny. Here's this poor jerk trying as hard as he can to be sensitive, trying as hard as he can to jump through the hoop, and he just can't make it, so he's thrown to the dogs. Wonderful!
The only people I really feel sympathy for are the ones who don't even try, the ones who are too honorable and too dignified — too White — to try to be Politically Correct. I still have a warm
spot in my heart for Dan White. Remember him? That was 20 years ago. Dan White was the conservative San Francisco supervisor who had been a policeman himself and who was supported by the San Francisco police department at a time when the minions of Political Correctness were attempting to force a gay agenda on the cops. In 1978 the mayor there, a fellow named George Moscone, thought White wasn't sensitive enough to the needs of San Francisco's homosexual population, who had wormed their way quite thoroughly into the political power structure there. The mayor and the homosexuals were attempting to ease White out of his supervisor's position, so that he could be replaced by someone who would feel the pain of the gay community. Well, on November 27, 1978, old Dan White just walked into the mayor's office with his service pistol and blew away the mayor and his head homosexual, a fellow named Harvey Milk. Of course, that didn't go very far toward solving San Francisco's homosexual problem, and it did cost Dan White five years in the state penitentiary, but it was a nice symbolic gesture. It's really too bad that Police Superintendent Carl Williams didn't handle his problem with New Jersey's oh-so-Correct governess the same way — and with Assemblyman LeRoy Jones at the
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
Dan White
same time. That would have been another nice gesture. You can understand now why these Politically Correct types are so eager to replace straight, White cops everywhere with non-Whites, lesbians, and so on.
What Dan White did 20 years ago is much less likely these days, of course. These days going quietly, like Carl Williams did, is more likely, unfortunately. The country has been substantially sensitized. This is the Clinton era. Anyway, one of the points I want to make today is that there is a very unhealthy trend in America: a trend toward punishing Politically Incorrect speech, the way the Greaseman and Police Superintendent Williams were punished. And there's also a trend toward passivity, toward non-resistance, in much of the population. Ordinary people are more likely to let themselves be pushed around now than they were 20 years ago and also to discipline themselves, to be careful not to say anything Politically Incorrect, regardless of what they're thinking.
But really, meekness and self-discipline on our part are not enough for the zealots of Political Correctness. They want to be able to put us in prison for making Politically Incorrect statements or thinking Politically Incorrect thoughts. That's why the media bosses and the Clinton government are pushing hard for so-called “hate crime" laws now. If they had had a “hate crime” law in place when Dan White dispatched Harvey Milk and die mayor
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
of San Francisco, they could have put him away for a lot longer than five years. They could have used the fact that he didn't approve of homosexuals to give him a much stiffer sentence for shooting Milk. Perhaps they could have had someone testify that he didn't like Jews either, and then they could have sent him to the gas chamber.
They will deny this, but you had better believe me when I tell you that the media bosses and the Clinton government are aiming not only for new laws against what they like to call “bias-motivated” acts, which punish people for what they were thinking when they did something; they're also aiming for laws against Politically Incorrect speech that's not associated with any act. Of course, they will tell you now that they're 100 per cent in favor of freedom of speech and freedom of the press, but in fact, they fully intend to do away with those freedoms.
I know that this is what they intend to do, because I've seen their counterparts do it in a dozen other countries, and they always tell the same lies. They always say that they're in favor of freedom, but that new laws are necessary to put an end to “hate.” They will have their cheerleader squads chanting, “Freedom doesn't mean freedom to hate.” And of course, hate means whatever they say it means. Just as they have the kiddies learning in school now that the Second Amendment only guarantees the right of state militias to keep and bear arms, not the right of individual citizens to defend themselves, they will have the kiddies learning that the First Amendment only guarantees the right to say non-hateful things. I mean, who would want to say hateful things anyway? Who needs that kind of freedom? And really, as long as the lemmings still can buy their horoscope magazines at the checkout stand and watch their ball games on television and keep their fiberglass speedboats in their driveways, they will believe they are free.
I know that this is the way it will be because, as I said, I've seen it happen in many other countries. In Canada the lemmings believe they are free, but any Canadian who publishes the text of this broadcast is liable to arrest and prosecution by the secret police. The same is true in Britain and in France and in Germany and in Switzerland and in a dozen other European countries. In Germany hundreds of
Eatriots are rotting in prisons now ecause they dared to say Politically Incorrect things. But the average German — the German lemming — isn't
Anti-Dan White buttons
bothered by this; he thinks that anyone who would want to say something which is Politically Incorrect must be a very strange person who probably is dangerous and probably should be locked up.
And the trend in America is plain enough: the lemmings already have been prepared to relinquish their freedom. They are ready and willing to give it up. And the non-lemmings are being conditioned. They are being taught to hold their tongues. They are being taught that it is dangerous to say Politically Incorrect things or even to have Politically Incorrect ideas.
Yes, it is dangerous even to have Politically Incorrect ideas or to read Politically Incorrect books. Imagine: you wake up one night to find a Black or mestizo burglar in your bedroom. You shoot him. When the police come to make a report, they notice racist I books and magazines in your house. Aha! Now your shooting of a burglar has taken on the character of a “hate I crime.” You shot the burglar because he I wasn't White! At least, that's the way it I will go in court. That's the way Tom Brokaw will explain it on the NBC
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Nightly Evening News. How lucky those Canadians and Germans are to have had their Politically Incorrect books outlawed, so that they can't get themselves into that sort of mess.
Anyway, in America the trend toward enforced Political Correctness is here. The fear already is present. The laws will be here shortly. And now the most interesting question for us is, “Why?” Why is it so important for the media bosses and the Clintonistas to silence Politically Incorrect Americans? Why not leave us free to hate them and their policies and programs? The lemmings have been conditioned. Mr. Clinton's popularity polls are still up. Why do they care what we say?
Well, they care because silencing their critics will be important later. Stifling dissent will be essential as they continue implementing their programs. You know, they are trying to build a very complex house of cards. It may seem relatively stable now, when the economy is good and the lemmings are happy. But when the economy no longer is so good, their house of cards will be much less stable, and it may not be able to withstand much dissent. What the Jewish media bosses — and in feet, the Jewish establishment generally — are aiming for is total control, total ownership. For many years they were able to work behind the scenes, quiedy acquiring control of the media, corrupting politicians, implementing their government programs very cautiously. Observant individuals tried to warn the people what they were up to, but it really sounded very fer-fetched. People didn't believe it, because everything was still pretty much under cover.
Now things are approaching a climax. It's no longer possible to work just behind die scenes. Now things are becoming more visible. Look at the crew controlling the Clinton government. The United States has never before had such a Jew-ridden government There have never before been anywhere near as many Jews out in the open, in visible control of the powerful posts.
And look what they are doing. Consider foreign affairs, for example. It's not just their genocidal policy against Iraq, in order to make the Middle East safer for continued Israeli expansion. It's their policy in the Balkans too. It's unfortunate that the Albanians and the Serbs can't get along and seem to enjoy cutting each other's throats and gouging out each other's eyes. But that's not the reason that Madeleine Albright and her kosher
FREE SPEECH for May 1999
Proposed Harvey Milk memorial for the Congressional Cemetery in Washington DC — complete with Star of David, the rainbow “gay pride flag,” and nails from the AIDS Project Quilt
crew are so hot to send U.S. troops into Kosovo. Their reason is control. It is to set an example. It is to demonstrate that no country is any longer truly independent. It is to show the world diat any country which doesn't obey orders will have so-called “peacekeeping” troops rolling through its streets in tanks in short order.
And you know, that's a very risky business. As clever as the Jews are, they do make mistakes. An attack on Serbia could backfire. The Clinton government's policy of intervention could suddenly become very unpopular. And they don't want dissidents like me to be free to say, “I told you so,” and to explain to the public what the real reason is behind Madeleine Albright's policy.
Or consider domestic policy. If there's one thing I've been harping on that even the lemmings agree with me on, it's the necessity for the United States to halt the flood of Third World immigrants into this country. But it's quite clear that the Jewish establishment intends to keep the floodgates open. For years they have been pretending to be concerned about illegal immigrants and have pretended to be making plans to beef up border security, but it's really obvious now that they have no intention of stopping the flood. They want more and more “diversity,” as they like to call it. They and the trendy Clinton supporters are looking forward to a non-White major-
15
ity in America, and the sooner the better.
The Jewish leaders are aiming for a totally diverse, totally fragmented country, in which there will be no group able to challenge their control. But as this flood of Mexicans and Haitians and Nigerians and Chinese and God only knows what else continues pouring into the country and taking over our schools and our neighborhoods and our jobs, there will be many unhappy White people: White people who may not be upset yet, because they haven't felt a personal impact yet. But they will, and then a lot more of them will be paying attention to what I and others have been saying. And so it's important to shut us up before the pinch comes. It's important to shut us up now, because by God we will tell the people who has wrecked their country and why. And the people will listen.
That is, the people will listen if I and other dissidents have not been outlawed and silenced. What the media bosses and their collaborators do now is fire people who say anything Politically Incorrect. They apply pressure behind the scenes to force radio stations to stop carrying American Dissi-dent Voices. And they generate a huge amount of propaganda — as, for example, in the case of the recent trial in Jasper, Texas — to persuade the thoughdess that “hate” is something that needs to be dealt with by more laws. The next step will be the enactment of such laws, and then we'll have a legal situation in America similar to that in Canada and Germany and elsewhere.
Of course, ultimately their plan for world domination, for world ownership by Jews, will fail. Ultimately something will go wrong, and the house of cards will come tumbling down. But it is better — far better — for us to bring down their house sooner rather than later: far better for us to be able to do it simply by speaking the truth instead of having to use other means.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “What They’re Aiming For,” aired on March 20, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
' To subscrM to Free speech, send $40 to the address below. Remember to write your oamo and address clearly.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year