FREE SPEECH • NOVEMBER 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. XI
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
and Alienation
Dr. William Pierce
Hypocrisy and! Democracy
Dr. William Pierce
Clinton's Cstll for "Tolerance”
Dr. William Pierce
, 'fSf ■■■■
The New Protocols
■ fTt T*"! T P	THfc*
. William Pierce
Individualism and Alienation
Most of the comments I receive from listeners are very supportive, but I do get some hate mail as well. Most of the hate mail is either nutcase stuff from people who have some personal problem, which they project onto me, or it's from lemmings who are very indignant that I'm not in step with everyone else in the mass media. They just need someone to hate, and I think it makes them feel better if they tell me what a rotten person I am.
But I also receive a somewhat more thoughtful type of hate mail from people who curse me because I can't understand that race really doesn't count. They tell me that I should never judge another person as a member of the race to which he belongs, but only as an individual. They tell me that many Blacks are law-abiding, hardworking people who don't use drugs or throw their trash in their yards and that many White people are criminals, are on welfare,
U.S. postage stamp honoring Ayn Rand
and are generally trashy and worthless. Therefore, these individualists tell me, racism is stupid. I'm stupid, they say, because I embrace all White people, the bad along with the good, and I condemn all Blacks, the good along with the bad.
They tell me that when they're looking at a neighborhood with the thought of renting an apartment or buying a house and moving into the area, they don't judge their prospective neighbors on the basis of whether their names are Chung Lung Fu and Abraham Goldberg or Bill Smith and Earl Turner; they judge instead on how much their neighbors paid for their homes and how well they keep them up. They'd rather live next to an Abe Goldberg or a Rastus Brown with a nicely waxed, new BMW in the driveway than next to a Bill Smith with a ten-year-old Ford.
Individualists also believe that whether a person is homosexual or heterosexual is unimportant. What
2
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
counts is whether or not he's well groomed, well mannered, and pays his bills on time. Undoubtedly there are individualists who will say that sex doesn't matter, either. No one should be judged by group characteristics, but only by those individual characteristics relevant to the immediate situation: will he or she make a good neighbor, a good employee, a good congressman? That's all that counts, the individualist will say. And I'm sure that many individualists actually believe this. In fact, it is a religion for many of them, judging from the emotional nature of their hate mail to me.
To explore this matter further: some individualists — a minority of them, I suspect — have bought into a semi-religious, semi-philosophical world view called “Objectivism” and peddled most notably by a Soviet-trained Jewess named Ayn Rand, who came to America from the Soviet Union in 1926 and began writing books extolling the virtues of selfishness and individualism. Some of her best-known books are The Fountain-head, Atlas Shrugged, and The Virtue of Selfishness. Another notable individualist in the Ayn Rand mold is Harry Browne, who recendy has been the Libertarian Party's candidate for President of the United States and who wrote a book tided How I Found Freedom in an Unfree World.
The basic idea of Browne’s book is that no one owes anything to anyone except himself, and that the only rational objective for any individual is to look out for himself, get as much for himself as he can, do whatever he wants to do that he can get away with, and to hell with everyone else. Anyone who doesn't accept this view of things is either a sucker, just waiting to be fleeced by a more objective and rational person — or is a person with ulterior motives aiming to fleece others.
As I said, some people have made a semi-religion out of this way of looking at things. One finds many of these people in organizations such as the John Birch Society and the Libertarian Party. But for other people — the majority, I suspect — individualism is simply an excuse for their selfishness and lack of responsibility. Perhaps for some it's an indicator of
Harry Browne
cowardice: faced with an intolerable racial situation in America today, they opt for an explanation of things that will not get diem kicked out of the country club. They are aware of what non-White immigration is doing to America, for example, but they are afraid to take a position that might be considered “racist.” They are afraid of the label. And, at the same time, they can see the catastrophe that is looming for America, so they simply abjure all responsibility.
The views of most individualists have grown out of alienation. When people have been cut loose from their roots, when they have lost all sense of community and belonging, when they have become simply human atoms floating in a cosmopolitan soup, they try to make sense of things. They look for some standard or rule to go by to justify their behavior and their feelings. And some opt for individualism. Individualism doesn't have the social stigma that “racism” does. Individualism has been given the stamp of approval by Jews, and Jews are powerful people who are in good odor with the media and with the government, so it must be OK. They can't get kicked out of the country club for being individualists.
Before I talk further about the connection between alienation and individualism, let's back up a bit and look a little more closely at the individualist mind-set itself. Why do indi-
vidualists send me hate letters7 Because, they say, I stupidly embrace White welfare trash and condemn honest and hardworking non-Whites.
Now, that's really a misleading claim, although in a sense there may be some truth in it. I don't embrace White welfare trash, as such. I embrace my people, my race — all of it — recognizing that some White people are trashy and are not the sort I would want as neighbors or would want my sister to marry. It's like embracing my family, while recognizing that some of them are black sheep. And I don't condemn honest and hardworking non-Whites. It's not my business to set standards of honesty or industry for non-Whites. That's their business. I just want them off my people's turf, out of my people's territory — all of them. When we have setded our external problems, then we will deal with our internal problems — including our White welfare trash.
You know, this whole debate of individualism versus racism is really tricky. It's easy for people to become confused. I, for example, am more of an individualist than most of the individualists who hate me. What that means depends upon how one understands the term “individualist.” I am an individualist in the sense that I don't have a lot of sympathy for people who can't or won't pull their own weight. I don't like to meddle in other people's business, and I like it even less when other people meddle in my business. If one of my fellow Whites doesn't want to take care of himself, that's his business. Just don't ask me to take care of him. I believe in natural selection and the survival of the fittest. I believe that we weaken our race when we help the least fit to survive and reproduce. If we're going to have a welfare system for our people, then we need a compulsory sterilization system to go along with it. I become more upset when I see a 400-pound White welfare mom surrounded by her brood of runny-nosed kids in the checkout line in front of me paying with food stamps than when I see a Black welfare mother.
I believe in helping my fellow White people in a way that strengthens them as a whole, not in a way
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Sculpture of a Greek man in the 300’s
that weakens them. I believe in help' ing the best and brightest and stron-gest of my people to be more effective, because by strengthening my whole people I strengthen that of which I am a part. That is my selfishness. That's the sense in which I'm an individualist. I'm an individualist within a certain framework: the framework of my race and my civilization. I'm an individualist with roots, an individualist with a sense of community, a sense of belonging, a sense of responsibility.
And you know, that's the sense in which our people have used the term for a long time. When the
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
Greeks talked about individualism 2,500 years ago, they spoke about it with the same understanding I have today. In the sixth century BC, when individualism characterized Greek poetry, one of the greatest of the Greek poets, Theognis of Megara, expressed his sense of responsibility and his concern for his race when he deplored the careless breeding habits of many of his people and the consequent decline in their racial quality. Theognis wrote:
"The best men . . . wed, for money, runts of poor descent. So too a woman will demean her state And spurn the better for the richer mate. Money's the cry. Good stock to bad is wed. And bad to good, till all the world's cross-bred. No wonder if the country's breed declines...."
And what is the understanding today of the individualists who send me hate letters? To be frank, I think that they understand nothing. They don't see themselves in any framework of race or history or civilization. They think of themselves as pure, disconnected individuals, with responsibilities to no one, existing only for themselves. They do not embrace a race. They embrace only themselves. When they choose neighbors or coworkers or business partners — or marital partners — they do so solely on the basis of what pleases them at the moment. A Chinese neighbor is just as good as a White neighbor of the same socioeconomic status. A Jewish co-worker is just as good as an Aryan co-worker. Individualists may form alliances with others they perceive as having similar interests, but their own interests always are stricdy personal.
And they really think they're smart. Not only do they avoid the stigma of “racism,” but by shedding all responsibility to anyone but themselves they believe they gain an advantage over suckers like me who are burdened with responsibility to my people, to my forefathers, to my descendants, and so on.
Let me tell you: this roodess individualism is not a “smart” way of relating to the world. It is an infantile way. It is based on the same attitude we see in an infant screaming and throwing things because he didn't get what he wanted. In a normal world, in a healthy environment, as an infant grows up he learns that he
3
Photo of a Greek man in the 1900’s
can't always get exacdy what he wants when he wants it. He learns not to expect that or even to make that his goal. He learns that he is a part of something larger and more permanent and more important than himself. He develops roots in his community, in his race. He learns to see himself in a larger context, in a framework of race and history and culture. His concept of “self’ expands to include these things of which he is a part.
That the type of development is normal and healthy, the type of development that leads to a sense of community responsibility and racial responsibility. And it leads to a stronger and healthier community and to a stronger and healthier race, in which the members of the community and of the race care about these larger collectives. But if a child grows up in a world where he is deliberately cut off from tradition and history, so that he cannot develop any sense of rootedness, or if his environment is so polluted with “diversity” and multiculturalism that he cannot identify with his racial community, then he does not have a proper framework within which to see himself relative to the world. He feels no sense of belonging and no sense of responsibility. He becomes an individual in the sense of Ayn Rand and Harry Browne.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
Earth's Most Endangered Species:
THE WHITE RACfE
Help preserve it. I *j
1 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmam—mmmm—mmmmmm
Write or call
NATIONAL ALLIANCE teBjfr-.l POB 90 • Hillsboro • WV (304) 653-4600 1
Check our website: www.nataJI.com Send $6 for 100 stickers postpaid (ask for sticker #516).

Hate?
There's a name for this condi-tion. It's called alienation. It’s what happens to many young White peo-pie who attend schools where they are in a minority, who attend universities where “Eurocentrism” is Politically Incorrect, who live in cities swarming with Third World immigrants, who see Black and Brown faces and get the Jewish slant on things every time they turn on the TV. Strong and healthy people react to this alienating environ-ment by seeking their roots anyway, by doing whatever it takes to develop a sense of racial identity anyway, but many weak or confused people become individualists.
And you know, this alienating environment in which we live is not an accident It was imposed on us deliberately by people who want to increase the level of alienation in our society, by people who encourage out people to become roodess individualists, by people who use all of the propaganda media at their disposal to convince everyone that it's “racist” to have roots, that it's “hateful” to have an interest in the history and traditions of one's own people, that it's practically criminal to be concerned about the welfare or even the survival of one's race — if that race is White, if it’s European.
My organization, the National Alliance, attempts to fight alienation among our people in many ways. For example, we distribute a sticker showing the simple message, “Earth's most
endangered species: the White race. Help preserve it” That's all. No mention of any other race. Nothing even remotely “hateful.” And yet every time these stickers of ours are mentioned by the controlled news media they are called “hate propaganda.” Really: “hate propaganda.”
Now, that is deliberate. T his simple message calling on our people to be concerned about the preservation of our race always elicits a hysterical reaction from the controlled news media. The media bosses are afraid of our racial consciousness. They are terrified that we may feel responsible for our race. They are desperate to stamp out any feeling of rootedness or identity. That's why they always respond to our simple, inoffensive message with their favorite scare-word: hate, hate, hate. And that's a collective response. It's not based on the decision of any single, individual media boss. They have gotten together and formulated a strategy to advance their collective interests. And that is why they're winning their war against us now.
Well, I don't know that anything I've said today will change the attitude of the roodess individualists. They're lacking something in their upbringing that I can't give them in half an hour. They really do think they're being smart by not accepting any responsibility. They believe that they can survive and prosper as individuals, with no community or racial connections.
Listen: the world doesn't wort that way. The roodess individuals doesn't realize it, but he really is jji alone out there. The other people with whom he is competing - ^ Jews, the non-Whites, the feminists the homosexuals — think of them, selves as members of groups. They think collectively. They collaborate. Their aim is to disarm and destroy us — collectively. And they're doing it.
I'll give you a very recent and shocking example of how this works, Do you remember the case of Matthew Shepard, the homosexual who went into a bar in Laramie, Wyoming, last year and tried to get a date? Two of the men in the bar gave him a good beating and then left him tied to a fence, where he died of exposure. Of course, there's no way you could forget that case. It has been a cause celebre in the national media ever since it happened. It has been on every television screen in America again this week in connection with the trial of Aaron McKinney, one of the men accused of killing Shepard. Janet Reno and Bill Clinton have given solemn commentary on the case and have cited it as a reason for why we need to have an expanded “hate crime” law to protect homosexuals from heterosexual White males. Half the Christian preachers and rabbis in America have publicly deplored the “hate” they say was responsible for Shepard's death.
Now I'll tell you about another case involving murder and homosexu-als that I'm certain you haven't heard about, unless you happen to live in northwestern Arkansas and read the newspapers there carefully. Less than three weeks ago, on September 26, two adult homosexuals in the town of Rogers, Arkansas, grabbed a 13-year' old boy off the street, took him to their apartment, drugged him, and tied him up and gagged him so that no one could hear his screams, and then they raped him to death.
The 13-year-old boy was Jesse Dirkhising. The two adult homosexuals are Davis Don Carpenter and Joshua Macave Brown, each charged with capital murder and six counts of forcible rape. I mention these names to help you search for information about mis horrible crime on the Inter-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
net, so that you can verify for yourself what I'm telling you. Try the Internet site of The Morning News of Northwest-em Arkansas, the local newspaper there, which has been virtually the only newspaper to carry news of the murder.
As I said, this vicious rape and murder of an innocent child by two adult homosexuals occurred less than three weeks ago, and it's been totally blacked out of the national news. At the same time the beating death of homosexual Matthew Shepard, who made the mistake of looking for a date in the wrong bar, is still receiving national news coverage every day, more than a year after it happened.
Why? I'll tell you. It's because other groups in this country want it this way. No individual in America has the power to black out the news of the homosexual rape and murder of 13-year-old Jesse Dirkhising. And no individual has the power to give
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
the enormous, non-stop national coverage to the beating of Matthew Shepard that we are seeing. This is the result of a collective decision — a racial decision — by the Jews who control the news media in America. The message the Jews want to send to White Americans is that homosexuals are innocent victims and that heterosexual White males are aggressors who prey on them. And so they give us the news that fits this message, and they black out the news that doesn't.
I mean, really, think about it. Which is the more newsworthy crime: the beating to death of Matthew Shepard by two men he approached for a date or the kidnapping and raping to death of 13-year-old Jesse Dirkhising by two adult homosexuals? The Jews do this manipulation and distortion of the news for a reason: a collective reason, a racial reason. And it's working. Idiot White women and idiot White Christians are joining the
5
homosexuals around the country in even more candlelight vigils in memory of Matthew Shepard. But there will never be a candlelight vigil for Jesse Dirkhising. No one will ever hear about Jesse Dirkhising — except those of you listening to me now.
That is the way this world in which we are living works. The suckers are not people like me who feel a sense of racial identity and racial rootedness and racial responsibility. The suckers are the roodess individualists who follow the poisonous teachings of Ayn Rand and Harry Browne.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Individualism and Alienation,” aired on October 16, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Hypocrisy and Democracy
During the past week I was very interested in some of the public reactions to Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura's comments in a Playboy magazine interview. Governor Ventura, who was a professional wrestler before he became governor, told Playboy that “organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people”
Pretty hard to argue with that, if he's talking about the mainstream churches in America today. But of course, the Republican politicians jumped at the diance to denounce Ventura and to express their pious outrage at his honesty. The Republicans were indecendy eager to garner a few votes from the weak-minded. Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott was one of the most outraged. I saw him on television with his jowls quivering and his eyes flashing as he lambasted Jesse Ventura for heresy and sucked up to the television evangelists and the bishops and the reverends . . . and their weak-minded flocks.
Lott's performance reminded me that hypocrisy and mendacity are the distinguishing characteristics of politicians, priests, bureaucrats, media spokesmen, and other public figures
Trent Lott
in this age of mass democracy. This moral posturing and lying on the part of public figures are more than private moral failings, unfortunately. They are failings of our system of government, of our civilization, and of a growing number of our institutions, and these failings threaten our liberty and even our survival.
I'll give you another very recent example of this basic crookedness,
which has permeated our public life. It happened last week in Canada, which is suffering from the same problem we have in the United States. On Monday of last week — that was September 27 — the mayor of the city of Fredericton, in the province of New Brunswick, proclaimed a holiday on behalf of European Heritage Week. It was in response to a request from some Canadians who thought it would be nice for Canadians of European ancestry to celebrate their heritage.
Well, die mayor of Fredericton, Walter Brown, had no sooner made the announcement of European Heritage Week than the Jews fell on him like a ton of bricks. The Canadian Jewish Congress told Mayor Brown that they were outraged by his proclamation — much as Senator Trent Lott was outraged by Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura's comment about the state of organized religion in America. The Canadian Jewish Congress's Tom Kuttner told the news media: “The European Heritage Celebration is just a code-word for White supremacists.”
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
As the intensity and shrillness of complaints from the Jews rose, Mayor Brown wilted. On Wednesday of last week he gave up and withdrew his proclamation. The Jews then bragged that they had succeeded in killing similar proclamations in three other Canadian cities: Victoria, London, and Halifax.
What makes the case of Fredericton especially noteworthy is that last year Mayor Brown initially refused to proclaim a “gay pride weekend” when requested to do so by a homosexual group. The Jews intervened in that case also. They took the mayor to court and obtained a court order requiring him to proclaim the “gay pride weekend.” They were denouncing him as a “bigot” for his initial remsal to make the “gay pride weekend” proclamation requested by the homosexuals. But when the mayor did make the proclamation of a European Heritage Week last week, the Jews were all over him again, denouncing him as a “Nazi” and as a “White supremacist.” And so once again the mayor caved in.
Pretty soon the Jews will have him trained, so that he knows without having to be told which celebrations are Politically Correct and which are not. If Mayor Brown had any backbone at all he would proclaim a day for ridding Fredericton of the Jewish pestilence. But of course, we don't have elected officials with backbone these days, either in Canada or the I United States.
Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura comes closer to having backbone than any other elected official who has come to my attention recendy, but I have a strong suspicion, that even Governor Ventura already k knows which groups he really cannot ■ afford to offend. Can you imagine the f nonstop outrage from all of the politi-r cians and media spokesmen if in his Playboy interview he had said something critical of Jews instead of Christians — if instead of saying that people who are affiliated with Christian churches are weak-minded he had said that Jews are liars and thieves? Well, I'm sure you can imagine how much louder the pretended “outrage” against him would have been.
I'll give you a few more recent examples. One of these examples is from Boulder, Colorado, where I was a graduate student back in the 1960s.
Jesse Ventura
I spent five years there at the University of Colorado earning a doctorate. It was a nice university town back then, 35 years ago, a White town, a nice place to live and to study: no gangs, virtually no Asians or Blacks or other non-Whites, almost no crime. Six weeks ago, early on the morning of August 29, a young White woman, a student at the University of Colorado, was walking outside the campus. A van containing six Vietnamese and Chinese immigrants, members of a gang called “Asian Crips,” pulled alongside her. The Asian gang members grabbed the White student, forced her into the van, tore off her clothes, and began raping her. She managed to break free and ran naked down the street. One of the Asians ran after her, tackled her, and dragged her back to the van. All of the Asians continued raping and sodomizing the White girl, while screaming racial epithets at her.
The girl lived through the ordeal, and Boulder police later found the van and arrested the Asians. One of them confessed to the police that they had been looking specifically for a White girl to rape. They wanted to have sex with a White woman, he told the police. Well, that was, as I said, six weeks ago. The gang rape and the subsequent arrests and confession were reported in the Boulder newspaper and even in nearby Denver's Rocky Mountain News. Unless
you live in the immediate vicinity of Boulder and Denver, though, I'll this is the first you've heard of it And that is despite the fact that this abduction and gang rape clearly fell int0 that new category of crime that was invented by the Jewish media and that Jewish organizations have been pushing so hard to have new laws enacted against: so-called “hate crime.”
Whenever a “hate crime” comes along that serves their purpose - two heterosexual White males beat a homosexual to death after he tries to pick them up in a bar in Laramie, Wyoming; three heterosexual White males drag a Black ex-convict to death behind their truck in Jasper, Texas; a heterosexual White male, Benjamin Smith, kills a Korean and a Black in drive-by shootings near Chicago; a heterosexual White male, Buford Furrow, shoots up a Jewish community center in Los Angeles — whenever something like that happens it is publicized without letup for weeks, until everyone has gotten the message: heterosexual White males are hateful and dangerous, and we need laws against them; otherwise they will commit even more “hate crimes.” But when a bunch of Asians deliberately hunts down, abducts, and viciously gang-rapes a White university student because she is White, the media bosses don't even report the news outside the immediate area where the crime occurred.
Now, I've commented on this sort of blatantly biased news coverage of so-called “hate crimes” on several previous programs, just to show everyone that the Jewish media bosses do in fact deliberately manipulate public opinion to serve their own anti-American and anti-White agenda. Today 1 just want to point out that every prominent politician understands this. It's not because they're stupid or ill-informed that they say nothing about it and do nothing about it. It's because they're lying hypocrites who should be hanged alongside the media Jews and their collaborators.
Did you hear any politician expressing outrage over the gang rape of the White student at the University of Colorado? Did even one say anything about this vicious “hate crime”? You certainly heard plenty of them expressing their outrage over the beating death of the homosexual in Laramie. You heard even more of
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
them posturing and fulminating over the dragging of the Black in Jasper and the wounding of Jews at the Jewish community center in Los Angeles.
As I said a minute ago, when I was a graduate student in Boulder, 35 years ago no Asian gangs were there. It was a quiet, safe, peaceful university town. Now the leader of the Asians who gang-raped the White student there brags that his gang, the Asian Crips, has 75 members in Boulder alone, and the girl is terrified about having to testify against them in court. How did that happen to Boulder?
I'll tell you: first the media Jews set the ideological stage, and then the politicians played their role. The Jews promoted the idea that there really is no difference between us and Asian boat people, that we ought to let them into our country, and that anyone who says otherwise is a “racist” and a “bigot.” The Jews have promoted this idea of racial equality and their policy of open borders with all of their mass media, and they have made acceptance of these things necessary for Political Correctness.
So what are the politicians to do? Shall our elected leaders actually stand up for us and defy the Jews and say, “No, we won't accept any boat people. Send them back now. We intend to keep our community White and decent.”? Shall they say that and be attacked by the Jews as “racists” and “bigots”? Or shall they go along with the Jews, proclaim their belief in racial equality and their agreement with the policy of open borders, and welcome the boat people into our country? Shall they fall all over each other scrambling to see who can give the biggest welcome to the boat people — and get the biggest media support in the next election? Well, we all know the answer to that, don't we?
Of course, I have oversimplified the issue here, as I usually do. In fact, the process that led Boulder from the peaceful university town I lived in 35 years ago to the gang-ridden slice of multicultural America it has become today is a much more complex process than the one I described. But the essential fact underlying this process is that our elected leaders did not stand up for us. They did not speak out against policies they knew or should have known would destroy us. Instead they let themselves be trained by the Jewish media bosses, just the
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
way the mayor of Fredericton, in Canada, is being trained.
When I saw this process in its early stages back in the 1960s, I began speaking out. I left my position as a university professor and began spending all of my time trying to alert the public to what I saw coming. But the . politicians just kept on posturing and lying. And now Boulder — and the rest of America — have become what they are. Yes, the process has been complex, with the churches and many businessmen and the feminists and the homosexuals and others collaborating with the Jews in promoting destructive policies, and with some of the politicians behaving worse than others. But none of them stood up for America or for our people. None of them defied the Jews.
I'll give you another example of what this dereliction of duty — really, this treason — on the part of our elected leaders has done to America. This is another university example. Two weeks ago there was news in some of the Nevada newspapers about the trial of a Polynesian immigrant from the South Pacific Tonga Islands who had deliberately hacked a White police sergeant to death with a hatchet on the Reno campus of the University of Nevada because he had an urge to kill a White policeman.
As I said, this news was in a few newspapers in Nevada when the murder trial began two weeks ago, but it was ignored by the media everywhere else. I'll read you a few of the details from the Reno Gazette-Journal of September 24. In the days prior to the killing, the murderer, 29-year-old Siaosi Vanisi, told several of his friends and relatives that he intended to kill a White police officer. He hated White people generally and White policemen especially, he told them. White people had taken many things away from Polynesians, and he intended to start taking things back, he said. He intended to start killing White people.
Then he went with another Ton-gan to a Reno department store and bought himself a hatchet for $7. Two days later he spotted University of Nevada police sergeant George Sullivan in a parking lot on the Reno campus and attacked the White policeman with his hatchet. He struck Sullivan more than 20 times on the head and face with the hatchet, killing
7
and horribly mutilating him. Then he took Sullivan's service pistol and held up two Reno convenience stores. Then he bragged to his Tongan friends and relatives about what he had done.
Well, if there ever has been any such thing as a “hate crime,” the vicious murder of police officer George Sullivan was it. But of course, you didn't hear any weeping and wailing about it on television. You didn't see Janet Reno or Bill Clinton or any other politician or bureaucrat talking about it and calling for new hatchet-control laws or citing the murder as an example of “hate crime.” And of course, you understand why that is so. The real question is, why do you tolerate it?
The politicians won't stand up and ask why America is overrun with Asian gangs and murderous Tongans because they really don't care. They won't ask why we keep our borders open and allow more and more non-Whites to flood into our country because that would be a Politically Incorrect question. They will express public outrage whenever any heterosexual White male commits a crime against a homosexual or against a non-White, but they wouldn't think of complaining about the gang-rape of a White woman by Asians or the murder of a White man by a White-hating Polynesian.
Do you think I'm wrong on that? Do you think I'm being too hard on our elected officials? Do you think I'm condemning them unjusdy? Is there an honest one somewhere that I haven't heard about? What about Pat Buchanan, you ask?
Well of course, Pat Buchanan isn't an elected official yet. Judging by the almost unbelievably vicious and hateful attacks on him in die controlled media recendy, the Jews are determined that he never will be an elected official. He made one or two less-than-worshipful comments about the Jews in the past and then refused to apologize and grovel, and so they are going all out to make him seem dangerous and hateful.
In his recendy published book, A Republic, Not an Empire, Buchanan points out that America could have and should have stayed out of two world wars in this century, that neither of these wars was necessary to defend America, and neither that
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November
1999
Anti-Buchanan cartoon from the Jewish Press
served American interests. Such statements send the Jews into a spitting, shrieking frenzy of hatred and vilification. Oy, veh! Who cares about America’s interests? If America had stayed out of the First World War, we Jews never would have been able to seize control of Russia and murder 60 million Europeans. And if America had stayed out of the Second World War, Hider would have thrown us all out of Europe. Oy, veh!
So the Jews see Buchanan as a dangerous anti-Semite for putting America's interests ahead of theirs, and they treat him accordingly in their media — and so do the politicians.
Now listen: I'm really not a Buchanan supporter. He's far too soft
on race and on the Jews. But the way the Jews hate and vilify him is a clue as to why all the rest of the politicians are nothing but liars, hypocrites, and traitors: men who never stand up for our interests. Here's the way it works: Democracy is about winning elections. No one wins an election in America, above the county level, if the Jews are determined that he should lose. With their control of television they can destroy any candidate. Politicians understand that, and being practical, self-interested people, they don't buck the Jews. That's why you see them behaving the way they do. That's why you see them now putting on hypocritical displays of outrage over Pat Buchanan's comments, for
example. It's an opportunity for them to demonstrate their Political Correctness, an opportunity for them to prove that they have learned what the mayor of Fredericton is learning, an opportunity to prove their loyalty to the people who give them good press.
So now we hear them pretending to be indignant that Buchanan is making chumps out of the Americans who fought in the Second World War; he's calling those who fought suckers, they say, and that's unpatriotic, and so we ought to shun him. Never mind that that's not really what Buchanan said. Buchanan pointed out that Roosevelt, by giving secret assurances to Churchill that America would back him in a war against Germany, led us into a war which not only was unnecessary but which cost us 300,000 killed, cost the Germans millions killed and millions more raped by our gallant communist allies, cost the lives of millions of other Europeans, and delivered half of Europe to communist rule for 50 years. Never mind all that; Roosevelt kept Hider from sending all the Jews packing, and that's all that the people who give the politicians good press care about. Historical truth matters no more to these politicians than political truth. Their habit is to posture and to lie about anything, anytime, if they believe it will help them win elections.
That's the way democracy works; it's a system which encourages hypocrisy and lying, which virtually guarantees it, whether Jews are involved or not. And when Jews are involved, when Jews control the process, then we get what we have in America today: open borders and a continuing flood of non-Whites into America, darkening our cities, darkening our schools, raping our women, killing our men, degrading our culture, destroying our civilization, with no elected official willing to stand up and speak out against it.
So at least let us, let you and me, stand up and speak out.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Hypocrisy and Democracy,” aired on October 9, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
9
Clinton's Call for “Tolerance”
I receive a number of letters from listeners who tell me, “Hey, I agree with what you say about America's race problem, but I don't understand why you're so hard on Jews. Certainly, the Jews who run the media are bad, but the rest of them are just like us. Why do you talk about them as if they're non-White?”
Actually, I've answered that question a hundred times on my programs. Let me answer it again today. As you undoubtedly are aware, Pat Buchanan will be a candidate for President of the United States in next year's election. The other candidates presumably will be George Bush, Jr., for the Republicans; and either A1 Gore or Bill Bradley for the Democrats. At present, Buchanan is a Republican, but he may end up running as the candidate of a third party, since he is unlikely to beat Bush for the Republican Party's nomination.
I want to make it clear that I am not a Buchanan supporter. Buchanan is the only candidate who even comes close to being honest, to being a man of principle, a man who means what he says and says what he means. I have agreed with some of Buchanan's positions in the past, but we also disagree on a number of fundamental issues, and I will not be supporting him, partly because I cannot support the system under which all the candidates will be running.
What I think about Buchanan isn't really important here, though. It's what the Jews think about Buchanan that we'll talk about today. As you might suspect, Buchanan is not a favorite with the Jews. For one thing, he's a conservative. For another thing, he's spoken out against several of the Jews' favorite wars. And he doesn't take orders well. So we shouldn't be surprised if they don't give him rave reviews in their media, such as the New York Times or the Washington Post. And they don't. But if you really want to know how the Jews feel about Buchanan, you must read what they say about him among themselves. When the Jews write in the New York Times or the Washington Post, they are writing for Gentile consumption. But
they have their stricdy kosher publications, which the Gentile public never sees.
An example is New York's Jewish Press, which bills itself as the world's largest-circulation English-language newspaper for Jews. Three weeks ago, in the October 1 issue of the Jewish Press, a Jewish spokesman, Professor Howard L. Adelson, had a column tided “Another Sewer Rat Appears.” Professor Adelson wrote:
"Out of the slime of the sewers and into the filth of the gutter a desperate Patrick J. Buchanan, the neo-Nazi, has crawled into the political arena using anti-Semitism as his principal device to secure a future for himself."
Well that's just the beginning of a very long column by Professor Adel-son, and every sentence oozes a vicious, Talmudic hatred. He goes on to say that Buchanan “always was a neo-Nazi,” whose “ignorance is astounding” and “reveals the shallow quality of his tortured, sick, defective mind.” Et cetera. In a separate column in the Jewish Press, Rabbi Rafael Grossman, the honorary president of the Rabbinical Council of America, gives us his own outpouring of Jewish hate against Buchanan.
In another Jewish newspaper, the October 1 issue of the Forward, which also is published in New York, Harvard Law School Professor Alan Der-showitz writes:
"Let there be no mistake about it. Pat Buchanan is a classic anti-Semite with fascist leanings who hates Israel and loves Nazi war criminals."
And Dershowitz raves on and on, concluding:
"Let us begin to think about Pat Buchanan realistically. He is a bigot who appeals to the worst of America. That's why he will always be a loser."
Actually, that last statement of Dershowitz's displays the same sort of deception that characterizes Jewish statements intended primarily for the Gentile public. If Dershowitz really believed that Buchanan always will be a loser because he “appeals to the worst of America,” then Dershowitz and his fellow Jewish leaders wouldn't be knocking themselves out to vilify
the man. The real meaning of Dershowitz's statement is that the Jews themselves must do everything needed to insure that Buchanan becomes a loser and doesn't gain any influence over American policy.
Another Forward article, in the September 24 issue, reports on the strategy the Jews are using to keep Buchanan from gaining any influence. The article has a remarkably frank headline, namely, “Leadership Presses Bush in Bid to Block Buchanan from Republican Ranks.” The “leadership” referred to consists of the leaders of the whole Jewish community, not just the media bosses: Jews such as Abe Foxman, national director of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith; Matt Brooks, executive director of the Republican Jewish Coalition; and Ira Forman, executive director of the National Jewish Democratic Council. If you think it strange for the head of the Republican Jews to be working out a plan with the head of the Democratic Jews to apply pressure to the principal Gentile Republican candidate to shut another Gentile Republican candidate out of the election, then you still have a lot to learn about Jews.
There are many other Jewish leaders and organizations involved in this effort to stifle Buchanan. The Forward article lists, for example, leaders of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, the American Jewish Committee, and so on. One of the most interesting recommendations in the Forward article is that the Jews themselves should stay in the background in their campaign against Buchanan and should use Gentile “front” men as their tools against Buchanan: men such as Republican candidate George Bush, Jr., New York real estate developer Donald Trump, and Arizona Republican Senator John McCain. The idea is to keep the public from understanding that the campaign against Buchanan is a Jewish campaign, lest there be a public reaction against the Jews and in favor of Buchanan.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Flillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
And by the way, both the Jewish Press and the Forward are accessible to anyone who wants to check for himself the excerpts I have quoted. The Jews try to keep them out of sight of the Gentiles, but they can be gotten hold of through any big library. They both have web sites on the Internet, although you won't find the most revealing articles posted there. But you can obtain subscription information from their web sites and subscribe to them and read everything in them if you really are interested.
Now, I'll say it again: I am not a Buchanan supporter. Buchanan and I have quite different policies on a number of issues. Buchanan believes, for example, that the United States should give Israel a permanent commitment that we will use our weapons and armed forces to guarantee Israel's military superiority over its neighbors. I am totally against that. 1 am simply using this Jewish campaign against Buchanan as an illustration of the way the Jews think and the way they work, so that you will understand that Jews really are not like White people. They have a psychology entirely different from ours. They are a race unto themselves, a race with a totally subjective way at looking at the world. Buchanan has never attacked Jews as such. He works with Jews; he has Jewish associates. He simply refuses to let himself be used as their puppet, the way virtually all the other politicians do. And because of this the Jews are consumed with hatred against him and go all out to keep him from gaining any public influence in America. The Jews simply cannot tolerate an honest, independent Gentile leader. They are scared to death of an honest man becoming President — or even a dishonest man who is independent, who will not take orders from them: a man they cannot control. They understand that they have a tiger by the tail, and if they lose their grip they are all goners.
Here's another illustration: Back during the Nixon period, 25 years ago, I was puzzled as to why the Jews hated Richard Nixon so much, why they worked so hard to destroy him. It is true, of course, that Nixon didn't like Jews. I mean, who does? But Nixon did have a Jew, Henry Kiss-
FREE SPEECH for November
1999

Joseph McCarthy (right) and Roy Cohn (left)
inger, running America's foreign policy. He had another Jew, Leonard Garment, as his chief White House counsel. He had a Jew, William Safire, as his chief speech writer. He put a Jew, Herb Stein, in as chairman of his Council of Economic Advisers. He appointed a Jew, Arthur Burns, chairman of the Federal Reserve. He gave Israel everything the Jews demanded. But the Jews obviously hated his guts, the way they hate Buchanan today. Back then I didn't understand why.
Today I do understand. Richard Nixon, remember, gained his first political prominence as a prosecutor of communist spies. And of course, virtually all of those communist spies were Jews. The Jews as a whole, not just those who were actively involved in communist espionage, never forgave Nixon for that. That, coupled with Nixon's obvious dislike for Jews, convinced them that he was a man who couldn't be trusted, a man who might turn on them under the right circumstances.
Another example: I was a physics graduate student at Caltech, in Pasadena, back in 1955 and 1956, and I was totally non-political at that time. I used to run around with a fellow physics student who was a Jew, Leo Levitt. Leo and I didn't talk politics, because I wasn't interested in politics, but the two of us were in a group of other students one day when someone mentioned Senator Joseph McCarthy, who a couple of years earlier had made headlines by investigat-
ing communist subversion in the government and in the U.S. Army.
Leo's whole demeanor changed when he heard McCarthy's name. He was practically foaming at the mouth as he expressed his hatred of Joseph McCarthy in the vilest language imag-inable. Killing was too good for McCarthy, Leo said. He should be tortured to death in fiendish ways, which Leo described in detail. Leo's expression of hatred was so vehement that it has stuck in my mind for nearly 45 years. Leo wasn't a practicing communist himself and had never be en involved in politics. He was simply expressing a racial hatred that virtually all the Jews, of every political persuasion, seemed to have against McCarthy, because they regarded him as a threat to the Jews as a whole, a threat to the Jewish race.
And the fact of the matter was that McCarthy never targeted Jews, as such, in his investigations and never made public statements against Jews. Like Nixon, he surrounded himself with Jewish aides, most notably Roy Cohn and David Shine. Cohn and Shine had a homosexual affair, and Cohn's efforts to keep Shine from being drafted by the Army and sent to Korea made a laughingstock of McCarthy's committee. The Jews hated McCarthy because they were unable to control him and because his efforts were exposing Jewish subversion and the extent of Jewish involvement in communism, even though inadvertently.
They hated Richard Nixon because Nixon also had exposed Jewish subversion and the extent of Jewish involvement in communism, although inadvertently. In addition Nixon did really dislike and distrust Jews and often expressed himself on this subject to subordinates in the White House. There's a lot of whining going on now as White House tapes with some of Nixon's comments about Jews are being made public. This week's issue of Newsweek magazine, for example, whines about Nixon's taped comment that “most Jews are disloyal. . . . You can't trust the bastards.” The excerpts from the Nixon tapes in this week's Newsweek also gave an example of why Nixon didn't trust Jews. Referring to his
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
11
Davis Don Carpenter
work as a Congressional investigator of communist infiltration of the U.S. government, Nixon said:
"The only two non-Jews in the communist conspiracy were Chambers and Hiss. . . . The only two non-Jews. Every other one was a Jew."
Both McCarthy and Nixon, by investigating and exposing commu' nists, had frightened and angered Jews collectively. They tried to stay on the good side of the Jews by appointing Jews to important posts — hiring lots of Cohns and Kissingers — but the Jews still considered the two men a danger, just as they consider Pat Buchanan a danger today, even though Buchanan is willing to give to Israel guarantees that should not be given.
And again, when I say that the Jews hate Pat Buchanan, just like they hated Joseph McCarthy and Richard Nixon, I'm not talking about just Jewish communists or the Jewish media bosses: I'm talking about the Jews as a whole, the Jews as a race. And I know that there are individual exceptions. McCarthy had his Roy Cohn and David Shine. Nixon had his Henry Kissinger and Leonard Garment and Arthur Bums and the rest And Buchanan has his court Jews also. But don't be fooled by that. The Jews hate Pat Buchanan collectively and subjectively, with the sort of vicious, irrational hatred that is peculiar to Jews and not even conceivable to us. They are different, and it is correct and necessary to think of them as a whole, despite individual exceptions.
While we're on this subject, let's explore it a litde further. As I men-
tioned earlier, nobody really likes Jews, and that includes politicians who surround themselves with court Jews for protection. But the Jews tolerate and support some of these Gentile politicians, while they undermine and attack others. What accounts for the difference in the way they responded to Richard Nixon, say, and die way they respond to Bill Clinton?
The brief answer to this question, is that Nixon, despite the strenuous efforts he made to please the Jews, despite his willingness to do nearly everything they demanded of him, still held back a bit from being the totally willing tool they wanted. Every time they made new demands on Nixon, they sensed his hatred. Bill Clinton, on the other hand, has no reservations whatsoever about serving the Jews. I'll give you an example.
Last week I told you about the kidnap, rape, and murder of 13-year-old Jesse Dirkhising by two adult homosexuals in Rogers, Arkansas, on September 26. I told you that the news of this horrible crime had been deliberately blacked out of the national news media by the Jewish media bosses, but I provided information to help listeners find the news on the Internet by going to the web site of the Northwest Arkansas Morning News, which did report the crime. Some listeners reported back to me that they still hadn't been able to find the news on the Internet, so I'll add now that the crime also has been reported fairly extensively in the Benton County Daily Record and in the Rogers Hometown News. Some of die nastier and more lurid details of the crime are mentioned in these two local newspapers. For exartiple, one of the homosexuals, Davis Don Carpenter, a 38-year-old hairstylist who brags that he has lived in 26 states and has boy friends in all 50 states, showed his homosexual partner, 22-year-old Joshua Macave Brown, the proper way to tie up and position a child for raping, even providing diagrams showing the proper procedure and naming the best drug to use for sedating the child during the rape.
Well, probably the technique worked well enough for earlier child-raping episodes, but something went wrong when they raped litde Jesse
Joshua Macave Brown
Dirkhising. When they noticed that the boy had stopped breathing and was turning blue they called 911. Police were met by a stark naked Joshua Brown in the hallway, who explained that they “were just playing a game” with the dead child.
One other detail in connection with this crime: on October 2, just six days after Jesse Dirkhising was raped to death, President Bill Clinton was exchanging hugs and kisses with one of the larger groups of his homosexual supporters. He was the speaker at a Democratic fund-raiser in Los Angeles hosted by a group called Action Now for Gay and Lesbian Equality. The perverts donated $850,000 to the Democratic Party at the dinner. The theme of Clinton's talk to the group was that Americans need to become more tolerant of homosexuals and their life-style.
More tolerant. Really. You know, there was a court hearing for Carpenter and Brown on September 28, in Bentonville, the county seat. The local people were pretty unhappy, and so the two homosexuals were protected by bulletproof vests and under heavy guard. Even so, a local reporter in the courtroom could hear a woman outside yelling that the homosexuals would “burn in hell.” If Janet Reno had been there she would have had the FBI arrest that woman for intolerance, and Clinton could have collected another couple of hundred thousand dollars from the homosexual lobby.
It's not just that Clinton chose to visit his homosexual supporters in Los Angeles and to ignore die murder
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
Wanna
Play?
LA Sex House in Northridge is holding hot, explosive sex every Saturday night.
We have beer; snacks, and all the boys you can boff. If you have a hot body, and a terrific personality, we would love you to join us for a sex filled orgy.
For details check out E http ://www. lase xhouse. com/pa rty
or snail mail us a recent photo and description of yourself to:
LAS.H.
9018 Balboa Bfvd, #199 Northridge, CA 91325
Homosexuals make no secret of their preference for “boys” in their own publications, but the media still presents homosexuality as a healthy “alternative life-style” that should be tolerated.
of little Jesse Dirkhising in his home state. The government and the con-trolled media of this country, by encouraging homosexuals, by trying to make us all believe that homosexuals should have the same rights as everyone else, that they should be allowed to be teachers and Boy Scout leaders, and that we all should be nice to them and let them do what they want and not be suspicious of them or shun them, created the atmosphere in which the murder of Jesse Dirkhising became possible. The two
rapists were emboldened by all of the propaganda calling for more tolerance for homosexuals; by all of the media hullabaloo to win sympathy for Matthew Shepard, the homosexual who was killed last year when he tried to pick up a “date” in a bar in Laramie, Wyoming. This pro-homosexual propaganda by Clinton and the media not only encouraged homosexuals to come out of the closet and flaunt their perversion in public, it led some of them to push harder than before against the heterosexual society around them, to take chances they would not have taken before.
Did I make myself clear? I'm blaming the rape and murder of 13-year-old Jesse Dirkhising on the Jewish media and on the government which dances to the media's tune. They encouraged Davis Don Carpenter and Joshua Macave Brown to take a chance they would not have taken in a more traditional moral environment.
I'm also saying that Bill Clinton, by ignoring the homosexual rape and murder of Jesse Dirkhising and, just six days after that horrible crime, running off to tell his homosexual supporters in Los Angeles that we all need to be more tolerant of homosexuals and their behavior, proved once again to the Jews that he is the sort of man they can trust, the sort of man utterly without honor or scruple or principle they want as our President.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Clinton's Call for “Tolerance”,’’ aired on October 23, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.

§§§§§§[
mm 88888ft mm	ms	mu	gam ««»
JWvwC	WWW	wVvOvO.	SRSHRrC
m
I
I
1 i I
i Name: 8 I I I
ft
Address:
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 1 Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
13
The New Protocols
I was amused to note that Bill Clinton's twin across the great water, Tony Blair, struck another blow for dee-mo-cra-cee and ee-qual-i-tee last week. On October 19, Blair's Jewish Home Secretary, Jack Straw, announced that henceforth lunatics would be entided to vote in all elections in the United Kingdom. Previously, people confined to lunatic asylums were not permitted to vote, the assumption being that a voter ought to be a responsible citizen who understands what he's doing and can make a rational choice.
Of course, that was just hypocrisy; nobody really believed that voters knew what they were doing. Football fans and Jamaican immigrants and couch potatoes on the dole were allowed to vote; that's how Tony Blair became prime minister. So why not let lunatics vote too? They can be unstrapped from their beds and given a pencil and a ballot just long enough to stab the appropriate spot on the paper. What's wrong with that? I mean, if we really believe that everyone is equal, let's show it!
I'm just kidding, of course, but Jack Straw isn't. Lunatics really will be given the vote in the United Kingdom. The Jewish Home Secretary told the press last week that his move to give mental patients the vote will be “a major landmark in this country's electoral history.” Yes, undoubtedly it will rank right up there alongside Magna Carta.
Did you ever wonder why the Jews are such great proponents of democracy? Whether in Indonesia or Pakistan or Serbia or you name it, whenever there is some threat to universal suffrage, the Jews are ready to send the U.S. armed forces in to bomb and kill until everyone is permitted to vote.
Why is that? Why can't the Indonesians have an Islamic theocracy if they want? Why can't the Pakistanis have a military dictatorship? Why can't the Serbs run their own country the way they prefer? What is the appeal in making sure that people whose minds have been wasted by Alzheimer's Disease vote?
Well, let's not beat around the bush: the appeal of mass democracy
Jack Straw
lies in the fact that in essentially every country in the world today, the number of persons unable to think for themselves is substantially larger than the number able to make independent decisions. Those unable to think for themselves have their thinking done for them by the people who control the mass media. Which is to say, democracy is the preferred system because it gives the political power to those who own or control the mass media and at the same time allows them to remain behind the scenes and evade responsibility for the way in which they use that power. And the more inclusive the democracy is — that is, the more Alzheimer's sufferers and Mongoloid cretins and paranoid schizophrenics and people who live in empty packing cases in alleyways and Jamaican immigrants and football fans are able to vote — the more certain is the grip of the media masters on the political process.
Those voters who buy astrology magazines at the checkout stand and spend their time watching soap operas, game shows, and Oprah absorb their general attitudes on things through the television screen. They learn which ideas are fashion-
able and which are not by noticing the facial expression and tone of voice of Tom Brokaw and Dan Rather when the news is announced each day. Their opinions on specific issues are formed as they view televised sidewalk surveys taken by reporters. The only uncertainty about these people is whether or not they'll be able to pry themselves loose from their couches long enough to vote for the designated candidates. That's why it's important to have lots of them.
And wherever there are lots of them, the men who control the mass media also will control the outcome of elections. It's a much surer way of controlling governments than bribing corrupt dictators or slipping seductive whores into the king's bedroom, a la Esther and Ahasuerus — or Monica and Bill.
Believe me, one day soon the Jews on both sides of the great water will institute a web-TV voting system that allows die couch potatoes and the ball game fans to vote without having to get up from their couches, just by clicking their remote controls at their TV screens to select the next President or prime minister. That will be real democracy.
You know, back close to the beginning of this century, around 1901 or so, a book first was published containing the text of what became generally known as The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion. The publisher was a Russian academic, Professor Sergei Nilus. Nilus himself allegedly had obtained The Protocols from a Russian official, who had obtained the text from a patriotic Russian noblewoman, who in turn had purchased the material from a Jew in Paris about 15 years earlier.
The Protocols purports to be a collection of mijiutes or reports of meetings held by the leaders of the world Jewish community, at which they summarize the progress they had made to that time in their quest for world subversion, world ownership, and world power and oudine their plans for continuing the process in the future. They talk about gaining control of the banking systems of various countries, about fomenting wars and • revolutions to weaken and
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
destroy Gentile power, about corrupting music and art and education, about subverting various Gentile institutions, about taking over the press everywhere and controlling the flow of information to the masses, about undermining the family and bringing family values into disrepute, and so on. The Elders of Zion really are a satanic bunch of schemers. Reading The Protocols makes one's flesh crawl.
We should remember that when The Protocols began circulating in Russia in the first decade of this century, that country had not yet fallen victim to Jewish Bolshevism, but that wasn't for lack of trying on the part of the Jews. The Jews were generally recognized as a dangerously subversive element in Russia, as the schemers and stringpullers behind every attempt to damage or upset the established order in Russia, and so Professor Nilus' publication of The Protocols found a ready market among the Russian public. After the Jewish Bolshevik revolution of 1917 overthrew the Russian government and established a communist dictatorship in Russia, anyone found with a copy of The Protocols was liable to be summarily shot The text already had been translated into a dozen other languages and distributed far and wide outside Russia, however. Since then it has been published in virtually every language which has a printed form and has been read by tens of millions of people around the world.
The Jews have been claiming hysterically since The Protocols first appeared that the text is “a forgery.” I guess that's their way of saying that it's not what it purports to be: namely, the actual minutes of meetings of Jewish leaders discussing their plans for world domination. The great American industrialist and automaker Henry Ford was very strongly impressed by The Protocols and helped circulate the text in the United States. When told by newspaper reporters in 1921 about the Jews' claims that The Protocols was “a forgery,” Mr. Ford responded that all he could say about the material was that it fit what was actually happening in the world and had been happening ever since the The Protocols first appeared in print
Of course, what Mr. Ford had especially in mind when he made that remark were two momentous things which had happened during the previ-
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
Sergei Nilus
ous decade. One was the Jews' success in taking over Russia and imposing communism on the Russians, and the other was the recendy ended First World War: a horribly fratricidal and senseless war, which had destroyed the old order in Europe, had spilled the blood of millions of the best Europeans, and had weakened all of Europe's long-established institutions, leaving every European country open to all manner of social, political, and cultural ills — in particular, to the further spread of communism.
Well, Henry Ford was a very hard-headed, practical sort of man, and it's easy to understand his attitude. He had no way of knowing whether or not The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion was actually what it purported to be, but he was quite impressed by the fact that the plan for world subversion and domination by the Jews oudined in the book seemed to be happening pretty much as described.
I'll go a step further than Henry Ford was willing to go in assessing The Protocols. I think that they very likely are not what they purport to be. In the first place the text of The Proto-cols doesn't ring true. It's too straightforward, too open. It doesn't use the sort of deceptive, weasel-worded, self-justifying language that Jews customarily use in expressing themselves, even to one another. When a group of Jewish leaders get together to discuss their plans for the destruction of a host nation, they don't use straightfor-
ward expressions such as “encouraging miscegenation” and “leading the goyim to the slaughter.” They use weasel-expressions, such as “building tolerance,” “increasing diversity,” and “eliminating inequality.”
In the second place, it's difficult for me to imagine the head Jews laying out such a complete, self-contained, and pat explanation of what they're up to. It's just too convenient for those of us who aim at alerting our people as to what the Jews' intentions are and then putting a monkey wrench in their gears.
I wouldn't call The Protocols “a forgery,” as the Jews do whenever the book is mentioned. I'm inclined to believe Professor Nilus was an astute observer of the Jews and also was a patriot He wanted to warn the Russian people of what the Jews were planning to do to them, and so he imagined how the Jews' plan might look if it were all laid out in straightforward language. I believe that he wrote the text he published, but that he believed it was a reasonably accurate description of what the Jews actually were doing. And the reason that The Protocols ended up being translated into hundreds of languages and read by millions of people is that many people, like Henry Ford, saw that they fitted what was happening.
Sometimes I have tried to imagine what Professor Nilus might have written if he were writing today instead of a century ago — and if he were writing still in the straightforward sort of language he used earlier. A 1999 version of The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion might read something like this:
Greetings, my fellow Elders of Zion! Today I am happy to report to you that our plan for the destruction of the hated Gentiles and the acquisition of their remaining wealth is practically complete. There remain only a few loose ends to tie up, and then the struggle in which we have been engaged for thousands of years against the filthy goyim, against the Nations, against all the non-Jewish peoples of the world, finally will be victorious, and we will be able to devour everything they have created, as Yahweh, the god of our tribe, has commanded us.
Everywhere we already rule behind the scenes, with puppets completely under our control in the offices of power. In Russia, where they resisted us for so long — where the ordinary people always hated us as exploiters, as moneylenders and tax collectors and purveyors of alcohol and merchants in the sweet, white flesh of their daughters and sisters, and where the aristocrats also hated
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 1999
15
Spanish 1930
French 1934
Polish 1943
Arabic 1972
Various editions of the Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion
Russian 1992
us, as subversives and troublemakers, and kept us confined to only certain areas of the country, so that we could not exploit all of the people — in Russia we used the doctrine of our dear, departed Elder of Zion, Karl Marx, to divide the Russian people against themselves and get the power into our own hands, where it remains to this day. We butchered their Czar and his whole family like the Gentile cattle they were. With the help of the common people we slaughtered all of the Russian aristocrats and took their wealth.
And then we turned on the common people. First we murdered their leaders — their writers and teachers and intellectuals and military officers — so that there would be no one able to turn them against us, and then we began murdering the common people themselves, the farmers and workers, first by the millions and then by the tens of millions in labor camps and death camps all across Russia. And most of them never did understand what was happening to them. One of them, who had been studying to become a Christian priest, we corrupted and made into our ally. His name was Stalin. Later, like the pharaoh who knew not Joseph, Stalin tried to turn against us, but one of our women was his doctor, and we poisoned him before he could harm us.
When the system based on the theory of our departed Elder Marx had bled the Russian people dry, we launched a "privatization" scheme, which put most of the remaining wealth which had belonged to the government directly into our hands. Their gas and oil, their forests and their lumber industry, their mines and factories — and especially their television broadcasting facilities — are now owned by us acting as capitalists. Today we have a drunken, sick, old Russian clown, Boris Yeltsin, as the nominal leader of the Russians, but one of our people, Boris Abramovich Berezovsky, tells him what to do and keeps him under tight control through bribes.
In England, the country from which all of us were expelled by the king as exploiters and troublemakers just over 700 years ago, we now have another puppet, Tony Blair, in place as the nominal leader of the English, but like Yeltsin he is completely under our control. One of our people, Michael Levy, finances his election campaigns and controls his purse strings. Another of our people. Jack Straw, controls his domestic policies.
America, however, is the prize example of our success. Just as in England and in Russia, also in America we have been able to put a totally corrupt Gentile politician into the position of nominal power and then to surround him with our own people, who wield the real power. Actually running the American government, our people are in charge of
America's State Department, America's Defense Department, America's Federal Reserve System, and America's Treasury Department. When one of our people, Robert Rubin, retired recently as secretary of the treasury, we simply moved another of our people, Lawrence Summers, into that position. Clinton appoints to every high office in the American government, whether the Supreme Court or his own cabinet, only those people we suggest to him, and the totally corrupt politicians of the Senate dare not disapprove anyone we suggest, lest we label them as "anti-Semites."
We have gained nearly complete control of America's educational system, from kindergarten through the universities. No ideas or facts may be taught unless we have given them the stamp of Political Correctness. We have made it impossible for anyone in an American university to contradict anything we have claimed, no matter how preposterous, about what happened to us during the Second World War. We now have the American government, just like every government in Europe, paying us "reparations," because not enough was done for us during the war.
We have succeeded in corrupting and then dominating America's art and music and literature. We have made degeneracy the touchstone for American culture. We own the art galleries and set the standards for painting and sculpture. We have the Americans lining up and paying admission to see a "work of art" which consists of animal dung smeared onto a crude painting of a Negress, which we tell them is their Virgin Mary. They read the depraved and trashy novels we tell them to read and believe that these novels are "literature." Their children listen to Negroid rhythms and chant Negroid "rap" ditties, because we control the popular music industry.
Through the immigration policy we have imposed on America we are increasing the percentage of non-White minorities in every part of the country. Within the next few years we will succeed in making White Americans a minority in their own country.
Our success in America has been due to two things: our control of the mass media of news and entertainment, through which we control the ideas and attitudes of the masses; and the system of mass democracy, which ensures that the votes of the masses under our control determine which figurehead politicians actually make up the American government. Since the last part of the 19th century we have been gathering the power of the mass media into our hands. In those days many of us were only rag-pickers and dealers in used merchandise, recently off the boat from Russia or Poland, but whenever a Gentile newspaper got itself into financial diffi-
culties, we were ready instantly to pool our resources and buy it out, so that henceforth it could be in the hands of one of our people.
In the 1920s, when radio was becoming a powerful medium of persuasion, we began buying broadcasting stations and putting together networks. At the same time we saw the potential for motion pictures and began moving into Hollywood. By working together with each other we were able to bankrupt or buy out every Gentile film producer except Walt Disney. We had to wait until he died to take control of his film company, but by then we already dominated the entire motion picture industry.
After the Second World War, when television became the most powerful medium of mass persuasion, we were ready to move in and dominate the TV industry from the beginning. Today no motion picture can be made and no television program can be broadcast in America without our approval. Only a few independent commercial radio stations, a few shortwave radio stations, and a handful of book and magazine publishers remain free of our control. But the American masses, for the most part, never see or hear anything we have not approved. They do not understand shortwave, and they are afraid to read any publication we have not approved, for fear that it might be "hate" material.
There is, of course, that pesky Internet, which is not yet under our control, but we are moving rapidly to deal with that matter. We expect soon to have our puppet politicians enact "hate speech" legislation in America, similar to that which we already have succeeded in having enforced in Europe, so that no one can say anything on the Internet that has not been approved by us. The couch potatoes will not object, because we will tell them that the new laws will make them safe from terrorism. By that time we also should have achieved our goal for the disarmament of the American population. And then, my fellow Elders of Zion, we can do to the American people what we did to the Russian people. With our power of television, we will have them voting for their own slaughter.
Long live our mass media! Long live democracy! Long live the power of triumphant Zion!
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The New Protocols,” aired on October 30, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year