FREE SPEECH • JULY 1997 • VOLUME III, NO. VII
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Day of Infamy
Dr. William Pierce
/V
The Clinton White House
Dr. William Pierce
The Women of Monte Cassino
Dr. William Pierce
Right and Wrong
Dr. William Pierce
Day of Infamy
The Attack on the U.S.S. Liberty
June 8, 1967, is a day which will live in infamy. On this day an Ameri' can Navy vessel, the U.S.S. Liberty, was deliberately attacked in interna' tional waters by the armed forces of Israel in a treacherous attempt to sink the ship and kill everyone aboard it The Liberty was an electronic intelligence gathering vessel, and it had been sent to the eastern Mediterranean to monitor radio communications. Israel had launched its latest land-grabbing war against its neighbors just four days earlier, and the U.S. government was curious as to what its Jewish “ally* was up to.
The Jews, on the other hand, were quite determined that the United States not learn what they were doing. The Jewish plan was to grab as much Arab land as possible before the United States could figure
The U.S.S. Liberty
out what was going on and begin insisting that Israel halt its latest aggression. The Jews did not want the United States, their principal source of military, economic, and diplomatic support to tell them to “cool it’1 until
they had achieved all of their objectives, and so it was important to the Jewish warlords to keep the American military in the dark for a few more days.
Early on the morning of June 8, 1967, the Liberty was just over 12 miles off the Egyptian coast in international waters and in sight of the Egyptian town of El Arish, monitoring radio signals and flying a large American nag. Jewish forces had occupied El Arish two days earlier, and the Israeli Army was involved in killing a large number of Egyptian prisoners of war that very morning. Groups of Egyptian prisoners were marched into the desert, made to dig their graves, and then were shot by their Jewish captors. American personnel on the Liberty would not have been able to see these atrocities from more than 12 miles away, but they were intercepting Israeli radio com-
5
4*
:RH1
: SPEECH for July 1^97
Torpedo Damage to the Interior of the Liberty
mumcations discussing local opera' tioru>.
Of much more serious concern to the Jews was the interception by the Liberty of radio communications concerning their strategic military intern
tions:	specifically	their	planned
invasion of Syria.
Just after dawn, a twin-engine, propeller-driven Israeli reconnaissance plane flew out from the coast and slowly circled the Liberty three
times. A little before 9:00 AM an Israeli jet fighter flew out and circled the Liberty. Throughout the morning and early afternoon, the Jews sent one aircraft after another out to circle the Liberty. Some of these aircraft flew so low that the crew members aboard the Liberty could see the faces of the pilots. The Jews were keeping the Liberty under very close observation and seemed to be concerned about the presence of the eavesdropper.
The Israelis finally decided to get rid of this threat to the secrecy of their military operations. At 2:00 PM several Israeli jet fighters streaked out from the coast and without warning began raking the Liberty from stem to stem with rockets, 30-mm cannon fire, and napalm. A number of Americans on the bridge and deck of the Liberty were killed immediately. The Jewish aircraft made pass after pass over the ship, pouring their fire into the helpless, slow-moving American target, riddling it from stem to stem with explosive ordnance and leaving it looking like a floating piece of Swiss cheese. The hull and superstructure of the Liberty had 821 holes larger than a man's fist from the rocket and cannon fire. Among other things the Jewish air attacks had shot away the Liberty’s radio antennas and wrecked the radio room.
As soon as the Israeli jets had exhausted their munitions and flown off, the crew immediately ran up another American flag to replace the one the Jews had shot away. The new flag was an oversize one, seven feet high and 13 feet long. Then, while the crew was fighting fires started by the aerial napalm attacks and attempting to tend to the wounded and dying men on the deck, three Israeli torpedo boats appeared and began raking the decks of the Liberty with 20-mm and 40-mm automatic cannon fire. The Liberty's life rafts in the water were machine-gunned by the Israelis. Then a torpedo from one of the torpedo boats struck the ship, tearing a large hole in its side below the waterline and killing 22 more crew members.
Just before the torpedo struck, the Liberty's radiomen had managed to rig an emergency antenna and get an auxiliary transmitter working. Throughout the attack the Jews were
<D 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks * Box, 330 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
3
using radio jamming equipment in an attempt to drown out any radio message from the Liberty, Nevertheless, the Liberty managed to get off one radio message to the U.S. Sixth Fleet reporting the attack and calling for help. The Sixth Fleet, to the west in the Mediterranean, responded with a message that help was being sent The U.S. aircraft carriers America and Samtoga launched jets which sped toward the Liberty.
As soon as the Jews realized that the Sixth Fleet had received the Liberty's signal, the attacks were halted. The clear intention of the Jews had been to disable the ship's radio communications and then sink it before a radio message could be sent Any survivors in the water then would have been killed by the Jews. No one would be able to prove the Jews had done it and it could be blamed on the Egyptians.
As soon as the Jews understood that their scheme nad failed, they shifted from the military to the diplomatic mode. The murderous assault on the U.S.S. Liberty had been a “mistake,” the Jews claimed. They had thought the ship was Egyptian, they told their media friends ana their bought politicians in Washington.
President Lyndon Johnson didn't even wait for this excuse from the lews. As soon as he was given word that an American Navy vessel had been attacked by the Israelis and that the U.S. Sixth Fleet was sending help, he ordered that the help be recalled. He was terrified that the U.S. aircraft would inflict casualties on the Jews attacking the Liberty, and the Jews would blame him. If the Jewish attack on the Liberty became a public “incident” involving conflict between the United States and Israel, Johnson would be forced to take the American side and might be regarded as “anti-Israel,” whicn would turn America's Jews against him. So he sent an emergency message to the Sixth Fleet, ordering that the American jets flying to the relief of the Liberty be readied and that no further assistance be given. Perhaps the stricken ship would sink, and the whole matter could be hushed up.
But the U.S.S. Liberty dicf not sink, much to the embarrassment of the J ews and their collaborators. The survivors among the crew even managed to get the ship's engines running again, and the Liberty limped out to sea, eventually rendezvousing the next
day with an American destroyer, the U.S.S. Davis. The wounded crewmen
—	171 of them — were airlifted off the ship. Many of the dead — 34 of them
—	could not be recovered from the interior of the ship until it had reached port in Malta.
Even while the wounded crewmen were in a Naval hospital, they were given strict orders not to tell anyone, not even members of their families, about the Jewish attack on their ship. The U.S. Navy went through the formalities of holding a court of inquiry, but it was a complete sham. No Israelis were even questioned during the inquiry, and the U.S. government meekly accepted the Jews' explanation that the attack on the Liberty had been a “mistake.” The news media were indecendv silent about the whole affair. The obvious concern of the Jews and their sympathizers in the United States was not that an American ship had been attacked treacherously and 34 Americans killed; their concern was only to keep Israel from being blamed for the attack. And the politicians were all too eager to go along with the Jews.
The members of the Liberty's crew who had been wounded during the Israeli attack asked for damages from the Israeli government The Israelis refused to pay, and it was necessary for the wounded crewmen to hire attorneys and file suit When the Israelis did eventually pay, nearly two years later, attorneys' fees ate up most of the payment
The commanding officer of the Liberty during the Israeli attack was Captain William McGonagle. Though severely wounded during the attack he remained at his post throughout and behaved in a heroic manner. A year after the attack Captain McGonagle was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for his heroism, but so desperate was President Lyndon Johnson to avoid offending the Jews that he refused to present the medal himself, as always has been customary. Instead of receiving his Medal of Honor from the President in the customary White House ceremony, McGonagle was quiedy given the medal by the secretary of the Navy at the Washington Navy Yard, so as to attract the least possible public attention. The citation accompanying the medal, which customarily describes in detail the action for which the medal is being awarded,
carefully omitted any mention of Israel. The Washington Post did not even report the award.
One of the Liberty's officers, Lieutenant James Ennes, wrote a detailed account of the Jewish attack on his ship and its aftermath, and his account was published in 1979 as a book under the tide Assault on the Liberty. The Jews immediately began a campaign to keep the book out of bookstores and to keep reviews of die book out of newspapers. This cam-aign was much like the one the Jews ave been conducting against one of my books, The Turner Diaries. Ennes reports that whenever a bookstore would stock his book, the local Jews would begin complaining to the store owner that the book is “anti-Israel” and is “offensive to Jewish people everywhere.” The Jews have been fairly successful in keeping the book out of the hands of the public, and it is now out of print and generally unavailable.
I have been able to obtain a number of copies of the original hardback edition of Assault on the Liberty direedy from Lieutenant Ennes, so this book is available from National Vanguard Books, the publisher of Free Speech. If you would like a copy, fill out the order blank on page 4.
To his credit Lieutenant Ennes has kept the truth about the Jewish attempt to sink the Liberty alive for 30 years, in the face of a concerted effort by the controlled media, the Jewish establishment, and the U.S. government, including the U.S. Navy, to kill this truth. In return for his efforts, the Jews and their collaborators have been calling Ennes an “anti-Semite,” a “neo-Nazi,” a “professional Jew-hater,” and lots of things that are too crude for me to write. Among these collaborators of the Jews attacking Ennes are individuals claiming to be veterans and patriots, but it is dear where their allegiance really lies.
Ennes always has declined to respond in kind to these attacks and has been unfailingly polite. We might fruit him for failing to draw some general conclusions about the Jews and for continuing to maintain that he is not anti-Jewisn, but let us instead credit him for standing up for the truth in his own way against the almost unbelievably intense barrage of hatred that has been directed against him.
What should be shocking and disgusting to every American, what should outrage us all, is not the lies of
© 1997 » National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
:RF
;E SPEECH for July 1997
— — — •i
J	Order	The	Assault on the Liberty \	1
I The mainstream Atlanta Journaldcicribed this book as, MA disquieting story of Navy bungling, I | government coverup and Israeli duplicity that is well worth reading. And remembering? |
Send a check or money order for $22.95 i (this includes postage and handling) Name: ■■■■......»■■—».. . ..- -	  ®
!	*	i	.,***	i	o	i	Address:	      !
■	National	Vanguard	Books	1
I	P,0.	Box	330	 —	I
I	Hillsboro,	WV	24946	  I
the Jews or their attacks on Lieutenant Ennes — we expect that sort of behavior from the Jews — but rather we should be outraged by the collaboration of the U.S. government with the Jews. During the attack on the Liberty, when it was calling for help and was in danger of being sunk, President Lyndon Johnson recalled the U.S. aircraft that were rushing to assist the Liberty. He was more concerned about not offending the Jews in the United States than he was about his responsibility as com-mander-in-chief of America's armed forces.
And Johnson's recall of these American jets cannot be explained away as a mix-up or a misunderstand-ing in the heat of the moment This action of Johnson's was deliberate. It was consistent with his behavior in every instance involving the Liberty. Johnson even checked with the Israeli ambassador a year after the attack to see if the government of Israel had any objection to Captain McGona-gle's receiving the Congressional Medal of Honor, and then he refused to present the medal himself. That sort of behavior goes beyond outrageous, even for a Democratic politician. It is nothing but the basest treason.
Now do you understand why we have a piece of filth like Bill Clinton in the White House? We had a piece of filth in the White House 30 years ago. It is the system itself which is filthy, and so it should be no surprise when filthy individuals rise to the top of it.
One of these days we have to change the system itself radically, but that will take a full-scale revolution. What we must do until then is make ourselves heard. What we must do is raise our voices. The reason that Israel is able to lead America around by the nose is that the Jews, through their control of the news and entertainment media in America, have the only effective voice, the only voice that the damnable politicians respond to. Lyndon Johnson didn't betray the men of the Liberty because he loved Jews. Nobody loves Jews. They are the most unlovable race on this earth. Johnson behaved as he did because he feared the Jews. And he feared
© 1997 • National Vanguard Book* • Box 310 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/yeai
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
5
them because he knew that they control the political process in this country through their control of the media.
That is the key fact, the salient fact, the most important fact in the life of our people today; Jewish control of the media.
Why do you think the Jews did such a rash thing as attack the Liberty in the first place? That, after all, was a very rash thing to do. If the United States were a nation led by honorable men, a nation in control of its own destiny, such an attack would have meant the end of Israel's existence right then and there. Why did the Jews do it? Are they stupid?
I think not. They did it because they knew they could get away with it. They did it because it might have worked, and they had nothing to lose if it didn't work. They knew they could get away with it And they knew they could get away with it because they control our news and entertainment media.
And so here we are, 30 years into this shameful episode, 30 years after the treacherous and arrogant attack by Israel on the U.S.S. Liberty which killed 34 Americans and wounded
171 of them — an attack which was intended to kill everyone aboard our ship. And for 30 years the media have maintained their blanket of silence, and the politicians have maintained their sickening pretense about our “gallant, little Jewish ally” in the Middle East This is the Jewish ally which continues to moan to the world about how it is “persecuted” by everyone else and continues to make demands on the world for money which it claims the world owes it
Our politicians make pious speeches about China's abuse of human rights — and I have no doubt that the charges against China are true — but then these same politicians vote for more of our money to be given to Israel, a country which murders prisoners of war wholesale and which routinely tortures Palestinians suspected of wanting freedom for their people. These are the same politicians who vote for laws requiring that our children be brainwashed with Jewish propaganda about the so-called “Holocaust” in their schools and who express their abhorrence of “anti -Semitism” whenever any Amer-
ican, such as Lieutenant Ennes, tells the nasty truth about our “gallant, little Jewish ally.”
Surely, the citizens of Sodom and Gomorra were paragons of virtue and rectitude compared to the current inhabitants of Congress, the White House, and the Federal courts. And surely, what happened to the citizens of Sodom and Gomorra will happen to them.
But until that cleansing fire comes, let us raise our voices. Let us speak out ever more boldly and ever more loudly. Let us remind all of our fellow citizens about the U.S.S. Liberty. And let us resolve now that we will put an end to the shame that has been brought on us by our government and by the controlled media!
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Day of Infamy,” aired on June 7, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Clinton White House
Even Former Supporters of the Government Are Disgusted
I've just finished reading a book called Unlimited Access. It's by an FBI agent, Gary Aldrich, who worked in the Clinton White House. His job was to do background investigations on White House staff members. He had done the same job earlier during the Bush administration and found the work congenial, but he discovered that working in the Clinton White House was an altogether different matter. He was shocked by the character and behavior of the people he was obliged to work with, and finally, in June 1995, he quit in disgust, taking early retirement from the FBI. Now he has written a book about his observations during the first Clinton administration.
There's nothing really starding in Aldrich's book; it's primarily a confirmation of what we've learned from other sources. The Clintonistas
are substantially a product of the 1960s. They tend to be slovenly, self-indulgent, egoistic, smart-alecky, ill-mannered, pushy, disrespectful, and very Politically Correct The women tend to be hard-case feminists, there are many homosexuals among the men, the incidence of illegal drug usage is phenomenal, and all of them are inclined to believe that they have the world by the balls and can get away with anything they want. They are very contemptuous of conservative, conventional people like Aldrich, and this fact irritated him enormously.
I must admit that I myself don't have a lot of rapport with the average FBI agent They are a bit too authoritarian and a bit too unimaginative for my taste. And when I am talking with one of diem, no matter how polite he is, I never can get out of my
mind the knowledge that he is one of the enemy's soldiers. Regardless of his personal beliefs and tastes, he is taking orders and his paychecks from the most evil and destructive organization which has ever existed on this earth: namely, the present U.S. government. Nevertheless, if I had to choose between FBI agents like Aid-rich and the White House staffers he was assigned to investigate, I'd choose Aldrich in a second. He is not really a bad person; he just happened to be working for the wrong people.
Some of Aldrich's observations in the Clinton White House are more interesting than others. For example, the FBI agents there learned not to be surprised or shocked when they occasionally encountered homosexual staff members going at it in White House offices or showers. And Aldrich's observations of Hillary's autocratic
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks * Box J30 « Hillsboro * WV 24946 * $40/yeor
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
6
behavior, her loud and vulgar language, and her screaming fits directed at those who displeased her, including her husband, are consistent with the reports of other observers.
Aldrich tells of being asked to help decorate some of the Christmas trees in the various rooms of the White House in December 1994 and being horrified when he discovered that the Christmas-tree decorations supplied by Hillary consisted of condoms, various miniature items of drug paraphernalia, and little sex toys.
The White House staffers described in Unlimited Access are former student radicals. They are the people who back in the 1970s used to organize loud and rowdy campus demonstrations demanding that some professor be fired whom they considered to he a “racist” or a “fascist.” They used to occupy the dean's office and trash the place in order to get their way, defecating on the dean's desk and urinating in his files. Now they've graduated, gone on to law school and gotten law degrees, and joined the system they used to demonstrate against But their manners, their morals, and their ideas haven't changed a bit This fact hit Aldrich with a jolt when a fellow FBI agent said to him:	“Don't	you recognize
these people, Gary? They're the people we used to arrest.”
And now the FBI is working for them! Isn't democracy wonderful?
One section of Aldrich's book really struck me. He recalls his early days in the FBI, and in particular the time in the fall of 1969 when he was assigned to dress like a student radical and mingle with a crowd of nearly 500,000 pro-Viet Cong demonstrators at a march in Washington. He was supposed to keep his eyes and ears open, and if he learned anything about the plans of the demonstrators to do anything especially dangerous he was to report back to FBI headquarters.
The interesting thing to me is that I also was present as an observer in that 1969 demonstration in Washington. I had mingled with a mob of about 5,000 demonstrators who had split off from the main demonstration and converged on the building bousing the Department of Justice. I
Gary Aldrich
watched as the demonstrators smashed out nearly every window in the ground floor of the building and then began using long poles to poke out the second-floor windows. There were soldiers with machine guns on the roof and in the halls behind the doors, which had been chained shut, but they made no attempt to interfere with the demonstrators who were smashing the windows.
Several hundred policemen had barricaded Constitution Avenue in an attempt to keep the mob contained, and the demonstrators began throwing Coke bottles with lighted firecrackers in them — primitive fragmentation grenades — into the ranks of the police. Eventually the police responded with a moving barrage of tear-gas grenades, and the mob stampeded. I was in the middle of that mob, surrounded on every side by tightly packed demonstrators, and as my lungs filled with the burning, choking tear gas, I thought I would die. Within a few seconds the mob began running west along Constitution Avenue, and I ran with them, moving my legs as fast as I could and worrying that if I stumbled I would be trampled to death. Eventually I reached the 12th Street underpass and ran into the tunnel, where I gradually recovered from the tear gas. A
few months after that experience I organized the National Youth Alliance, which evolved into the National Alliance.
Aldrich doesn't say whether or not he also got a dose of tear gas that day, but he concludes his comments on the episode with the following, and I quote:	“Earlier	that day, in
another time zone, five hundred protesters from Oxford led by William Jefferson Blythe Clinton marched on the American Embassy. Many carried little red books (by Chairman Mao) and Viet Cong flags, shouting, ‘Down with the United States,’ and, ‘Ho, Ho, Ho Chi Minh!’ It was a coordinated effort, set up by the Vietnam Moratorium Committee, or VMC, an organization run by Sam Brown, a good friend of Bill Clinton. On this side of the Adantic, I stood at a police barricade and hoped the officers would be able to return safely to their wives and children that night On the other side of the Adantic, the future President of the United States was leading a march against his own country's embassy.”
The really interesting thing about Aldrich's book is its illustration of the great divide between the Clinton crowd — the Clintonistas — and traditional White America. Aldrich is a reasonably typical specimen of traditional White America:	basically	a
decent fellow, who believes in politeness, honesty, obeying the law, salut-ing the flag, opening doors for women, and going to church on Sunday, but who never quite figured out what has happened to America during the past 50 years and who made it happen. A great many other people besides Gary Aldrich are in a similar situation, and it's not just retired FBI agents. In some cases it's people who end up in gunfights with folks like Gary Aldrich:	people	like	those	in
some of the many little outfits that have declared themselves out of the system during the past four or five years, outfits like the Montana Freemen or the Republic of Texas. There has been an explosion in the number of such outfits recendy. Five years ago you never heard about them. Now daere's one in the headlines every few weeks. And these people you read about in the newspapers
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 3 JO • Hillsboro • WV 24940 • $4C/ycnr
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
7
really are only the tip of the iceberg. Most ot the people on Gary Aldrich's side ot the divide are law-abiding people. They don't want to be involved in a shootout or get in the newspapers like the Montana Freemen. But make no mistake about it, they are not happy about things. Many of them are quite angry. Some of them are almost angry enough to start shooting. The rest are getting there. The Clintonistas don't really understand that. But they will.
You know, I said that the Clin-tonistas are creatures of the 1960s. But there's more than just a difference in life-style between them and us. The difference is more than just that they like to smoke marijuana and don't see anything wrong with two men having a sexual relationship, while we don't approve of those things. The divide that I mentioned a minute ago is a very profound divide. It splits White America — it splits all of America — into two camps that are moving further and further apart These two camps aren't homogeneous by any means. I — and I think nearly all of you who are listening — are in one camp, along with Gary Aldrich. I know that we're a pretty diverse bunch. There are a lot of things that Gary Aldrich and I would disagree about But we do agree on some things, some pretty fundamental things:	things like discipline and
individual responsibility.
On the other side are the urban rabble and the yuppies. They're not homogeneous either, but they do have some things in common. They all look to the government to guarantee them the things they believe they're entitled to — which are many. And they all have trouble with the concept of individual responsibility. Entide-ments they understand, but not responsibility. We have a President who gave aid and comfort to the enemies of his country during the Vietnam war and who runs around with cocaine dealers. Their attitude is, who cares? Just keep those special government programs going.
And there's more. The people in the Clinton constituency are missing something really important Their orientation is basically materialistic, hedonistic, egoistic. They have no
Order Unlimited Access\
This is the book upon which this article is based.
It details the slimy doings of the Clinton administration as reported by an ex-FBI agent.
Send $27.95 (this includes postage
and handling) to:	Name:	-------------------------
*■	Address:	-------------------------
National Vanguard Books
P.0. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
© 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/ynar
s
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
spiritual dimension. They have no roots, no sense of purpose, no feeling of being a part of something more important than themselves.
I don't mean to imply that there's no materialism or egoism or hedonism on our side of the divide. There is. There's just a lot more of it on their side. They don't realize that And if they did they wouldn't consider it important, because none of the people they meet at cocktail parties in Washington or New York or Hollywood consider it important They live in a self-contained world of their own, and there's not much communication between their world and ours. These people believe that they are the wave of the future. Everything they see in the media controlled by their Jewish friends convinces them of that They believe that they are a lot smarter than all of us folks out beyond the beltway who don't like them. They figure that with the media bosses on their side, with their government programs to keep the rabble voting for them, and with their pollsters Co keep them informed about what people are thinking, they've got everything under control. They figure that we can dislike them as much as we want, because there's nothing we can do about the situation.
What does it matter to them if a few stodgy, conservative FBI agents disapprove of them? They have one of their types in as FBI director now in the person of Louis Freeh, and most of the newer agents being hired look at things the way they do and will be loyal Clintonistas. They even believe that most of us slow learners out here in the suburbs eventually will wake up and understand that there's nothing to be gained by being against progress.
They just don't get it They don't understand why we dislike them and why we will never acquiesce in their takeover of the government They think it's because we're stupid or backward. And let's face it, a lot of the people on our side of the divide are a little stupid or backward. That's why some of us do dumb things like declaring ourselves an independent republic or deciding that the Constitution allows us to print our own
Hillary Is Well Known for Having a Nasty Temper, Aldrich Says Bill Also Suffers From This Fault.
money. That's why many of us, like Gary Aldrich, haven't figured out yet that there's much more to America's current sickness than the gang now in the White House.
But, you know, more and more of us are figuring that out We are understanding that Bill Clinton is not just an isolated phenomenon, but that he is a symptom of a rot which has permeated our government, our schools, our churches, our media — indeed, our whole society. The Jews could never have gotten away with their “counter-culture” organizing on our university campuses back in the 1960s if they had not already rotted out the soul of our university system with their liberal poison first. They could never have gotten 500,000 students and other young people to Washington for a pro-Viet Cong demonstration in 1969, at the height of the Vietnam war, if they had not already sapped the integrity of our government.
Gary Aldrich and I both saw what happened in Washington during that demonstration. We both saw-the government's failure to deal with the situation properly, but we drew quite different conclusions from our observations. Perhaps Gary Aldrich
drew no conclusion at all, because he stayed with the FBI and was surprised when things turned out the way they did 23 years later. I did draw some conclusions, and I founded the National Alliance, and I was not surprised that the White House eventually ended up in the hands of the Clinton gang. Back in 1969 I saw us headed this way.
Today more and more people also are beginning to draw conclusions. They are realizing that having a White House full of coke-heads and dykes and former Viet Cong supporters is not just a fluke. They are realizing that it is the culmination of a long process of decay and subversion. They are realizing that it is something which they cannot continue to ignore, that it puts them and their children and their grandchildren in great jeopardy, and that they must take a stand against it
Although Gary Aldrich doesn't say so in his book, I wouldn't be surprised if he is beginning to realize this too. I hope he is. And I hope that a lot of the other people still in the FBI are realizing it too.
One thing that they may not realize, that they may not understand, is the spiritual aspect of what has happened to America. I've already mentioned this briefly, but I'll say it again, because it's important:	before	the
Jews could turn America's university campuses upside down back in the 1960s, they had to prepare the universities spiritually. That meant replacing our spirit at the universities with their spirit. It meant decades of undermining our traditions and of changing our way of looking at the world and at ourselves to their way. It meant replacing our feeling for quality with the worship of equality and democracy. It meant subverting our pride of race and changing it into a sense of guilt. It meant replacing our sense of order, discipline, and responsibility with hedonism. It meant making us forget the spiritual meaning of our existence:	it	meant	making	us
forget our roots and become their brand of get-it-while-you-can materialists.
I suspect that Gary Aldrich still doesn't understand these things; otherwise he couldn't have stayed with
© 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 • Hillsboro • V/V 24946 * $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
9
the FBI all those years. Nevertheless, his book is quite interesting, and if vou haven’t read it yet you will find it worthwhile to do so. National Vanguard Books carries this book. It is $27.95, including shipping. You can use the order blank on page 7.
The Jews are very smart and very powerful. They have all of the politicians dancing to their tune. They control the news and entertainment media. They have their creature in the White House. But they are losing.
They are on the way out. Even their trained attack dogs in the FBI are beginning to turn against them. Not much — not yet — but it's a beginning. There are tens of thousands of us out here who have gone much further than Gary Aldrich has. And there are hundreds of thousands more who are on their way. The Jews and the Clintonistas don't understand that They can't understand it. But the opposition to them will continue to grow, simply because more and more
of us, on our side of the divide, are sensing that their spirit is profoundly alien to ours._________________________
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Clinton White House,” aired on May 17, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Women of Monte Cassino
Many War Atrocities Are Utterly Ignored
It seems that every time I pick up a newspaper I read about a new claim the Jews are making on someone else's money. It began a few months ago when they claimed that the Swiss hadn't been diligent enough in trying to track down the heirs of Jews who had deposited money in Swiss banks back during the 1930s, before the Second World War, and then never reclaimed it. Seven billion dollars the Jews wanted from the Swiss people — plus interest, of course. And when the Swiss politicians, instead of telling them to go to hell, started negotiating with them and offering them hundreds of millions of dollars, the Jews realized they had a good thing going, and they decided to push it Next they accused the Swedes of having some gold left over from the Second World War which should be given to Jews to compensate them for their persecution. Then they went after Argentina and Portugal and France and eventually the United States as well. In France they announced that many buildings in Paris and other French cities had belonged to Jews sixty years ago, back before the Second World War, and now they want the French to pay them for these buildings — plus interest, of course. Every week there are new demands for more money to be given to the Jews, more gold- Anyone who scoffs at these Jewish claims is likely to be attacked by the media as an “anti-Semite,” a “neo-Nazi,” or, worst of all, a “Holocaust denier.”
The whole racket, you see, is based on the “Holocaust,” on the theory that the Jews have suffered uniquely at the hands of all the rest of us, and so now we owe them, and it is terribly wicked of us — or at least, very “insensitive” — to refuse their demands.
Now, I have no doubt that the Jews lost some money during the Second World War. Vhio didn't? It was a terribly destructive and murderous war. Everyone who was involved in it lost a lot. The Jews, however, are the only ones who seem to believe that the world owes them a living because of it. Perhaps they feel that they're entided to more because they have made such a big investment in reminding everyone. They have used their control of Hollywood and of the television industry to produce hundreds of films and TV episodes to remind us of how they were mistreated by the terrible Germans and the Germans' French, Italian, Polish, Latvian, Lithuanian, and Ukrainian helpers — all through no fault of their own, of course. They are the only ones who have persuaded the U.S. government to let them set up a “Holocaust” museum on public property in Washington. They are the only ones who have pressured corrupt politicians and education officials in a dozen states to require special classes on the “Holocaust” for all high school students. What these special classes amount to is brainwashing intended to give the Jews a special, privileged
status in the minds of the students: the status of the world's premier victims, the status of the world's premier blameless sufferers, the status of people to whom the world owes something. Just Jews. No one else.
This is crooked. This is dishonest We understand why they do it, of course. They tell us that they do it so that we won't forget what terrible things we did to them, how we failed to rescue them from the Germans, and so on. But they also do it because the “Holocaust” is an immensely profitable racket for them. They suck billions of dollars in guilt money out of the rest of the world every year. But it is dishonest for two reasons. First, it greatly exaggerates the suffering of the Jews. It takes a few basic and indisputable facts y primarily the fact that the Germans did not like having Jews in control of their society and were determined to break their grip on Germany, and did in fact break that grip, sometimes by drastic measures — and it embroiders those basic facts with many, many lies:	lies	about
soap made from Jewish corpses, lies about lampshades made from the skin of Jews, lies about gas chambers in many places where there were no gas chambers, and lies about German soldiers swinging Jewish babies by their legs and bashing out their brains. We should not let the Jews compel the teaching of these lies to our children just so that they can continue sending us on a guilt trip and bleeding the world for as much money as they can get.
© 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Bax 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 ♦ $40/year
Victims of the Katyn Forest Massacre The Soviets killed 15,000 Polish officers and intellectuals in the Katyn Forest during World War II. Due to the Jewish control of the mass media, this war crime was successfully blamed on the Germans for decades after the truth should have been known.
I was reading a story in the New York Times just a few days ago about a study being conducted at Cambridge University on the fate of part-Jews in Germany, and the story quoted a woman who was living in Germany in the 1930s. Her mother was German and her father was a Jew, and she went to the headquarters of the Gestapo in Berlin in 1938 to complain that the government had ordered her father to leave Germany. She said that the Gestapo officers took her into a back office of the headquarters and raped her.
Now, I know that didn't happen. A White woman might get raped in a police station in New York or Washington or Chicago today, but the Berlin Gestapo did not rape anybody. Berlin in 1938 was not like New York or Washington, DC, today. It was an orderly place. It was a place with rules. It was a place where women did not have to worry about being raped by the police. Such behavior was unthinkable. But it makes a nice lie to embroider the “Holocaust* with.
There's another reason why this claim by the Jews that the world owes them a living because they are the world's premier victims is crooked. It is crooked because it is associated
with the deliberate suppression of the truth about what has happened to other people:	in	particular about
what the jews and their allies have done to other people. If you want to learn about atrocities, take a look at what the Bolsheviks did in Russia and Ukraine. You've probably heard very vague stories about the mass murder of 30 million kulaks, 30 million Ukrainian and Russian and German farmers, by the Communists in the 1920s and 1930s, but very few details, I'm sure. This is not taught in the schools, and Hollywood docs not make films about this, because the majority of the Bolshevik commissars who supervised this program of mass murder were Communist Jews, and their victims were Gentiles. What's the point in reminding the world about that7 For the same reason you do not hear about what the Communist secret police did in their torture and execution cells in Poland, Germany, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, and elsewhere after the Second World War, when they were making eastern Europe safe for Communism. You don't hear about it because not only were the victims not Jews, but the torturers and murderers in many cases were Jews.
Suppose the relatives, the heirs, of all of these non-Jewish victims orga-
nized themselves and began demanding that they be paid compensation for what had been done to them and for what had been stolen from them 55 or 60 or 70 years ago? Even if they did you still wouldn't hear about it, because the people who control the media would make sure that their story didn't get told.
Let me tell you about one group of victims — real victims — from the Second World War that you've never heard about for this very reason. In May 1944 the Allies — the forces of democracy and equality, the anti-Nazi and pro-Jewish forces — finally succeeded in taking Monte Cassino in the Apennines of central Italy away from the German Army, after bombing Monte Cassino's sixth-century abbey into ruins. The Allies had some Moroccan soldiers with them. They wanted “diversity” in their armed forces even then. They wanted to demonstrate their belief in racial equality. The Moroccans were only mediocre as fighters, but they really excelled at cutting the throats of prisoners after the fighting was over. They were pretty good at raping civilians too. The night after the batde for Monte Cassino was over and the Germans had withdrawn in good order, a division of Moroccan soldiers — 12,000 of them — left their camp and swarmed over a group of mountain villages around Monte Cassino. They raped every village woman and girl they could get their hands on, an estimated 3,000 women, ranging in age from 11 years to 86. They murdered 800 village men who tried to protect their women. They abused some of the women so badly that more than 100 of them died.
The people of these mountain villages are descended from the ancient Volsci, one of the tribes in pre-Roman Italy, and their women are reputed to be taller and more graceful than other women in that part of Italy. The Moroccan soldiers selected the prettiest girls for gang-raping, with long lines of dark-skinned Moroccans waiting their turn in front of each one, while other Moroccans held the victims down. Two sisters, 15 and 18 years old, were raped by more than 200 Moroccans each. One of them died from the abuse. The other has
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks * Box 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ytar
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
spent die last 53 years in a mental hospital. The Moroccans even raped some of the young men in the villages. The Moroccans also destroyed most of the buildings in the villages and stole everything of value.
Interestingly enough, there is no mention of this action by our gallant Colored allies from North Africa in most of the histories of the battle for Monte Cassino which have been published since the war. Not even the official history published by the U.S. War Department mentions what the Moroccans did to these Italian mountain villagers. Jewish policy during and since the war has been to ignore any atrocity committed by the people on their side — unless they could blame it on their enemies. For example, the murder by Jewish execution squads belonging to the Soviet secret police of 15,000 Polish officers and intellectuals in 1940 was blamed on the Germans after the advancing German Army uncovered the bodies of more than 4,000 of the victims in the Katyn forest Even years after the end of the war many elements of the controlled media continued to parrot this lie about German guilt for the Katyn murders. Jewish control of the news media made this easy.
And of course, reports of the atrocities committed against the Germans by Soviet forces during and after the war also were suppressed. The horrible mass rapes of German women and young girls and the mass murder of German civilians and prisoners of war were deliberately incited by the Jewish-Soviet propaganda commissar Ilya Ehrenburg. This hate-crazed Jewish commissar explicidy urged the Red Army to rape German women and murder German civilians, including children. And they did. But of course, Hollywood has never made a film about these horrible atrocities. And so far as I am aware, none of the heirs of these Polish, German, or Italian victims of the pro-Jewish Allies have made any demands on the various Allied governments for restitution.
Of all the people who suffered losses during the Second World War, it's only the Jews who are demanding to be paid, only the lews who are trying to capitalize on their losses — and
exaggerating and lying about those losses so that they can inflate their claims for restitution. Of course, it really wouldn't do any of these Poles, Germans, or Italians any good to make claims for restitution, because they don't control the media, and without the media to back them up the politicians would just laugh in their faces.
Imagine a delegation of elderly Italian village women from the Monte Cassino area showing up in Washington and claiming restitution from the U.S. government for their horrible experience of being gang-raped by Moroccans 53 years ago. After all, it was an American, General Dwight Eisenhower, who was in charge of the Allied war effort and who therefore had responsibility for the conduct of the Allied soldiers, including the Moroccans. The Moroccans already had a reputation as a bunch of raping, cutthroat savages, so that even bringing Moroccan soldiers into Europe constituted a war crime and a crime against humanity.
But can you imagine any of our politicians even giving these women the time of day? New York Senator Alphonse D'Amato has been beating the drums for the Jews who are demanding gold from the Swiss, the Swedes, and everyone else. I am sure that he would not be so helpful to his fellow Italians. After all, Italians don't own the New York Times. No, these Italian women would be ignored. To claim victim status like the Jews, thereby stealing part of the spotlight from the Jews, would be considered tantamount to anti-Semitism. And to complain about being raped by Colored soldiers certainly would smack of racism. When the politicians saw these women coming they would run in the other direction, and Senator D'Amato would be running faster than all the rest.
You know, it may be that this business of Jews extorting a few billion dollars from various governments and banks and insurance companies they claim shortchanged them 60 years ago isn't a big deal. After all, it's only money. But it is nevertheless a good illustration, I believe, both of the way the jews work and of the absolute necessity that we
German Civilians Murdered by the Allies in East Prussia
regain control of our mass media. In my view, what was done to those women in the villages around Monte Cassino in May 1944 is a far worse crime than anything the Jews claim happened to them — even if every one of their claims were true. It is also a crime that the news of this terrible atrocity was suppressed. Our children today are being taught a false version of history and are being led to wrong conclusions as a result Because of this they are unable effectively to defend their society, their civilization, and their race. They have been given false notions of who their friends are and who their enemies are. And they have been given these false ideas, they have been led to these wrong conclusions, tor one reason only, and that is because it benefits the Jews.
This is a terrible crime. It would justify a hundred Nuremberg trials and the hanging of every general, every politician, and every media boss who participated in it.
If our people are to survive we must know what's happening in the world around us. We must know the truth about what has happened to us in the past, not lies designed to benefit the Jews. You know, I harp on
1997 • National Vanguard Books * Box 330 • Hillsboro » WV 24946 • $4Q/year
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
this point a lot, but that is because it is of supreme importance. Some people deliberately avoid understanding that They pretend that it should be of no concern to us who controls our communications media. Someone has to control them, and so it may as well be Jews, they think. How does that hurt us, they ask. We can still get the latest basketball scores. We can still find out what the weather forecast is. We can still watch our favorite game show or situation comedy. Why should we be concerned that it's the Jews providing these things for us instead of someone else?
Let me tell you again why we should be concerned, and I'll say it slowly this time. We were not told by the media about what the Communists were doing in the Soviet Union in the 1920s and the 1930s, because the Jews didn't want us to know. It might turn us against Communism, and in the Communist Soviet Union Jews were riding high. The Jews didn't want us to be against Communism. So there were no Hollywood films showing Russian and Ukrainian farmers dying of starvation while Jewish commissars ate caviar. Instead,
what we got from the mid-1930s on was anti-German films and anti-German propaganda in the newspapers and on the radio. The Jews wanted us to be anti-German, because the Germans were kicking the Jews out of Germany. We were lied to so much and for so long that we ended up allying ourselves with the Communists in order to destroy the Germans. And in 1943, when the German Army discovered the bodies of those 15,000 Polish officers and intellectuals who had been murdered by the Communists, the Jewish media over here lied to us again and told us that the Germans had done it And it was all of these lies which led directly to all of those women in the mountain villages around Monte Cassino being gang-raped by Moroccan soldiers in May 1944. And the same lies led to the gang-rape and the mass murder of millions of Germans in the years after that
But for these lies we never would have been involved in a war in Europe, even with the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. But for these lies, Communism would have been crushed in Europe 50 years sooner.
But for these lies, the most horrible crimes in history would have been avoided.
So it does matter who controls the media. It mattered then, and it matters now, because we're still being lied to. It is the worst sort of irresponsibility to imagine that you will be nice by not noticing what the Jews are doing with the media and by politely accepting all of their “Holocaust” claims. That is not nice. That is criminal. People who thought like that are pardy responsible for all of the crimes of the Second World War. Until we take the media away from the liars, we will blunder into one crime after another and one catastrophe after another. We can't afford many more.
This article is based on the American Dissident	Voices program “The
Women of Monte Cassino,” aired on May 24, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Right and Wrong
“Diversity” Destroys Morality
When I was a little boy I was taught that it is bad to lie. I was caught that it is always better to tell the truth, even if that sometimes puts one at a disadvantage. For example, if my mother asked me, “Bill, did you eat all of the cookies in the cookie jar?” and I had done it, I knew that I was supposed to say, “Yes, mother, I did,” even though it might mean a whipping for me.
I believe that I was taught this pretty well, because I always felt guilty, I felt very bad, when I lied to avoid some unpleasantness or to gain some advantage. Actually, I usually told the truth, and as 1 grew up I admired and respected people who had the courage to be truthful when it was disadvantageous to them.
But as I grew up 1 also learned that life is a complicated business,
and that sometimes it isn't easy to decide what is right and what is wrong. For example, suppose one is in a war:	is	it	right	to	lie	to	the
enemy? In a war there wall be situations in which the disadvantage in telling the truth is not just to oneself, but also to one's people. Should one put the obligation to tell the truth above the obligation to protect one's people?
I thought about that one for a while. I decided that while there may have been, in the past, wars between gentlemen, where being truthful even to the enemy was the right thing, being truthful to the sort of enemies one was likely to encounter today could not be justified.
That decision moved me onto the rather slippery terrain of situational ethics. After the Second World War
a lot of people skated pretty far out onto the thin ice of that terrain: they decided that what is right and what is wrong has no absolute meaning at all, that it all depends upon the situation one finds oneself in at the moment They went much further in that direction than I was walling to go. As a practical matter, they abandoned ethics altogether, although they probably wouldn't agree wath that assessment. From my point of view, for right and worong to have any meaning in the moral sense, they must have the same meaning at least most of the time. One might be justified in making occasional rare exceptions — in time of war, for example — but most of the time one must have ethical rules which don't change to suit the situation or the crowd one happens to be with at the moment. If one has one
£> 1997 ' National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
set of rules when one is with Christians, a different set when one is with jews, a third set when one is in the company of homosexuals, different sets of rules for Democrats and Republicans, and so on — then from my point of view one should be looked on as an unprincipled or unethical person.
This drift away from a generally agreed upon definition of right and wrong to the sort of extreme situational ethics one sees in public and private life today has been a natural consequence of the increasing degree of “diversity,” of inhomogeneity and chaos, in American society since the Second World War. That is one more reason why we must return to a homogeneous society if we ever want to have a moral society and a moral government again. People who tell you that we can have both morality and at the same time diversity of the sort the government and the media are pushing just don't know what they're talking about.
I don't know whether or not you've been around homosexuals enough to get a feeling for the generally different attitude toward life which prevails among them. It's not just that they have different sexual practices: they are a group which has abandoned completely the absolute ethics that I grew up with, and they have adopted instead the view that whatever feels good at the moment is good. It's a totally hedonistic view of life. Personally I wouldn't care what homosexuals thought or how they behaved, if they lived in a separate society of their own. Unfortunately, they don't, and I see homosexual ethics rubbing off on a lot of otherwise normal people. This has become an especially severe problem since the government and the media have declared homosexuality to be socially acceptable. In cities like Washington, New York, Los Angeles, and San Francisco, the heterosexual yuppies invite homosexual yuppies to their cocktail parties and vice versa. This explains, I think, why the yuppies around Bill and Hillary Clinton — and I'm talking now about the heterosexual yuppies — don't see anything wrong with the fact that the President of the United States exposes himself
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
Jack Davis’s Birthday Party
to female employees and asks for sex, runs around with cocaine dealers, invites Chinese gangsters to sleep in the White House in return for large envelopes full of cash, and lies continuously. That's the sort of world these yuppies live in. It's a pretty degenerate, depraved sort of world, where anything goes.
Most of the time we ordinary people out beyond the beltway don't hear about the degeneracy and the depravity in which these people are immersed. The media cover for them. The Jews in the media understand that many of us still operate by the old rules and that we would be shocked if we learned the details about what goes on in the world of the Clintonistas. So ordinarily they don't tell us about the details.
It used to work this way back during the Vietnam war too. The Jews would organize a big demonstration in Washington, and I'd go downtown to observe, because I was interested in the types of people who were participating, how the demonstrations were organized, and so on. And I'd see the demonstration led by a bunch of New York Jews carrying a big, red banner which stretched clear across the street and had big pictures of Marx and Lenin and the words “Revolutionary Communist Party” on it And there would be hundreds of people scattered among the demonstrators carrying Communist Viet Cong flags. And then I would watch the television coverage of the demonstration on the evening news, and I would be amazed. I would ask myself, “Is this the same demonstration I saw this afternoon.7” The news
13
cameramen would manage to miss completely the big Revolutionary Communist Party banner and the Viet Cong flags. Instead they would focus on some woman pushing a baby carriage with a baby in it What was clearly a pro-Viet Cong demonstration they called a “peace” demonstration, and the coverage of it was sanitized, so that the folks out in Kansas or Iowa watching on television would get the impression that the demonstrators were mostly just ordinary people like themselves.
And the controlled media do a similar job of sanitizing their coverage of the lives of the rich and powerful — so long as those being covered are Politically Correct, of course. But sometimes there's a slipup. That's what happened at a big party for the rich and powerful in San Francisco a while back. On May 3 a man named Jack Davis had a birthday party for himself and invited all of the political bigshots. Davis is a well-known political fixer and campaign consultant in San Francisco, and so the mayor came, the sheriff came, and so did all of the other top politicians and media bosses.
Davis is a homosexual, and his party reflected this. There was a male striptease show, semi-nude men in leather paraphernalia and tattoos wandered about, and various sex acts took place in full view of the guests. Then a pair of performers put on a sado-masochist act. It would take me for beyond the bounds of decency to describe in detail what they did to each other, but it ended with one of the performers taking off his pants and bending over while the other used the neck of a whisky bottle to perform an indecent act on him.
To homosexuals this sort of thing is all great fun, and the Politically Correct heterosexual yuppies of San Francisco have learned to regard it as “normal” and take it in stride. But someone new to this sort of thing had been invited to die party by mistake and found it so shocking that he risked being considered “homopho bic” — in San Francisco that's as bad as being a “racist" or an “anti-Semite"
he risked being considered “homophobic" by describing to some media people he knew who weren't at
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/year
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
Clinton With Lesbian Couple Ellen DeGeneres and Anne Heche Bill Clinton couldn’t miss the opportunity to prove himself trendy by being photographed with the outspoken lesbian Ellen DeGeneres. She also plays a lesbian character on the popular TV show Ellen.
the party what it had been like. So, the story started coming out, and the media people who had been at the party had to say something about it and pretend to be shocked in order to protect their image in the eyes of the not-so-rich and not-so-powerful citizens of San Francisco. Then the sheriff, the mayor, and the other politicians who had been at the party had to pretend to be shocked too, in order to cover their asses, if you'll pardon my expression. Eventually the Sunday Times of London carried a full account of the party in its May 11, 1997, issue.
The whole thing was like the story by Hans Christian Anderson about the emperor's new clothes. If the newcomer hadn't popped the balloon by saying, “This is disgusting and depraved,” everyone else would have kept on pretending that everything was fine. As it is, although the San Francisco Chronicle felt obliged to say something — after the whisde had been blown — most Americans outside the San Francisco area still haven't heard about this party. The media bosses decided that it wasn't
newsworthy. No point in getting the folks in Kansas and Iowa riled up.
Of course, most of the private parties thrown by the rich and degenerate in Hollywood, New York, or Washington don't have a homosexual theme. San Francisco is a special place. But the degeneracy nevertheless has permeated the whole stratum of Politically Correct yuppie society. In particular, the Clintons and the people around them are of the same sort as those at Jack Davis's San Francisco birthday party: the same sort of politicians, the same sort of media people. They are people with hedonist ethics, the ethics of homosexuals.
So what should we old-fashioned people, who still believe in right and wrong, do about this situation? Even though there are more of us than there are of them, we can't afford to do what many of us really are itching to do. The people on our side still are too divided, too disorganized, and too confused for that to be successful. We must not depart from a policy of legality and non-violence at this time,
We know that a society without a soul, a society without a strong moral
basis, cannot long survive. Indeed, we can see this society unraveling almost month by month. But we must not just sit and wait for the cleansing fire. There must be something left after the fire in order to build a new society. We have a responsibility to do whatever is necessary to guarantee this. Our morality must not be just a passive morality, which keeps us from doing what is wrong. It also must be an active morality, which leads us to do what is right It must be a morality which leads us to plan, to prepare, to build, to preserve — and eventually to fight
In planning, in preparing, in building, we must understand why we have this problem of moral decay, of moral breakdown, in our society now. Our ancestors in England, in Scotland, in Ireland, in Germany, and in the other parts of Europe from which they came brought to America a common morality which was many centuries old. Why this sudden collapse during the past 50 years or so?
I've already pointed out that as we moved from a homogeneous, essentially European or White society in America before the Second World War to a multiracial, multicultural chaos today we were bound to experience a certain degree of moral confusion, of moral disorientation. But we also must note that during the past 50 years or so the mass media have had an unprecedented degree of influence on manners and morals in America, and during that same period the mass media in America have been almost entirely under the control of people whose ancestors did not share the morality of our ancestors.
The mass influx of Jews into America began toward the end of the last century. By the early part of this century they were buying up American newspapers and magazines as fast as they could. Then they began moving into radio broadcasting. In the 1930s they virtually took over Hollywood. After the Second World War, when television first began having an impact on the thinking of Americans, Jews were in total control of this new medium. The children of the 1960s were raised on television. The television receiver was their baby-sitter, their foster parent, their teacher. And
® 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • liax 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 1997
15
what television taught them was that their ancestors were exploiters, imperialists, and bigots:	an obnoxious,
pushy, self-righteous, and hateful bunch of people who stole America from the peace-loving, inoffensive Indians. Television taught them to despise their own traditions and folkways. Television began to instill in them a sense of guilt for being White: a sense of guilt for being better off than non-Whites, for being more successful, more creative, and more civilized than the inhabitants of the non-White world. Then gradually, subtly, slyly at first and more and more boldly and arrogandy later, television began teaching them the new morality, the morality of hedonism, the Clinton morality.
We are fortunate in being able to see some of the consequences of this new morality now, to see some of its effects on our society. In a sense we are even fortunate in having this new morality in the highest levels of our government, where it is especially conspicuous. Most of all, we are fortunate that it has infected only a minority of our people, an especially susceptible minority, and that the healthier majority are beginning to react strongly against it
Very litde of this reaction can be credited to those who traditionally have been the guardians of morality in our society: namely the leaders of our churches. They have, almost to a man, sold out to the enemy, sold out to the corrupters of our people. They have eagerly participated in promoting multiculturalism and multiracial-
ism and the acceptance of homosexuality and of moral relativism generally, in the hope of getting a pat on the head from the masters of the media. No, when the healthy elements of our people have rejected this new morality, it has been an instinctive reaction, rather than anything taught them by today's churches.
The media really are the key to this problem. It is they which have undermined the old morality, promoted the new morality, and also taken the primary role in destroying the homogeneity in which the old morality was at home and brought about the social and racial chaos which is congenial to the new morality.
If we are to have more than an instinctive and uninformed reaction to what the media have done, if we are to have a rejection of the new morality which is not only instinctive but also is informed and organized, then we must have media of our own.
American Dissident Voices broadcasts and Free Speech are just a small start toward what we must build. We must build our media to the point where we are able to talk with all of our people. We must do much more than just inform them about what is going on in the world today. We also must help them to understand that their instincts in rejecting the Clinton morality are healthy. We must teach them to have faith in their instincts. And then we must begin restoring the knowledge of our traditions, the knowledge of our roots, which they were robbed of by the controlled
media. We must build again in our people self-confidence and a sense of purpose. Eventually we must be able to bring our people to the point that when they hear what goes on at one of these Politically Correct yuppie parties in Washington or San Francisco or anywhere else, they won't just be shocked and disgusted but also will be determined to put a final end to it: to root these people out of our government and out of our media and to make it impossible for them to exert their evil influence on our children or on our society.
That's a big job, a really big job. But it's a job that must be done. I believe that together we can do it I believe that more and more people will join our effort to get the job done, because the disgust with the Clinton morality is growing and spreading. More and more people, even though they don't understand all of the things we've talked about today, know that they're fed up with what's going on. What we have to do now is help all of these people understand. I'll do part of that work, but you must do part too. I'm counting on your support
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Right and Wrong,” aired on May 31, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe!
Enclosed is $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech
Mail to:
Name:
Address:
Your subscription helps to keep
American Dissident Voices
on the air.
National Vanguard Books
P.O.Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • Box J30 i Hillsboro [ WV 24946 I $40/year
A New Consciousness
Without a new consciousness the White race will not survive.
For far too long, we of European descent have allowed clever aliens to rob us of our identity and our history and to impose on us an alien morality in which the highest virtue is to hate our own race.
The time has come for a courageous rethinking of all our values — for a new morality for White people, based firmly on Nature’s laws and on the highest ideals of our Race-soul: a morality in which the first principle is the survival and advancement of our race — a principle to which all other things are subordinate.
Let us build a new and brighter tomorrow for our people. Join with us, the men and women of the National Alliance, in this, the greatest cause of all time.
For $2 we will send you our informative book and tape catalog. For $1 we will send you publication 534, * What Is The National
I	j p iIa 1I 5 Is a 3 au.1 I n I
gram in detail. Write to:
NationaTAlliance P.O. Bo* 90 *
Hillsboro^WV 24946 _xSl
^ 9? ij
Listen to American Dissident Voices on the Internet. Our World Wide Web Sites Are:
http://www.natvan.com
and
http://www.natall.com
KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/ Seymour, Texas, area):	Every	Saturday
8:30 a.m., 94.3 FM; ana 10:00 a.m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas): every Saturday 10:30	a.m.,
760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/ Decatur/Hart-selle, Alabama, areas): Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m., 1490 and 890 AM.
WALE (Rl, CT, and MA): Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m.; 990 AM.
WTAN (Tampa Bay Area, FL):	Every Wednesday
5:30 p.m., 1340 AM
WRNO:	This	shortwave
station serves North America and the world: every Saturday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7395 kHz; every Saturday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time and some Sundays at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7355 kHz.
The Saturday programs may be preempted by sports events. The Sunday program is used as a makeup.
Listen...
. . . every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3.00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance Box 90 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • U.S.A.