Nelson Rosit, Editor
TIEE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of same issue) f $20. Basic subscriptions are $40 per annum, including special offers and quantity discoun on tapes and printed materials from National Vanguard Books; Defenders of the Fin Amendment who donate $300 per year or more will also receive audio cassettes of each week broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but autho are encouraged to retain copies in their possession as no assurance can be made of the return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pagi are also acceptable. Articles may be edited and/or expanded for broadcast or publication.
■■Hi
wmm

mm.

Jewish Influence on American Mass Culture
by Kevin Alfred Strom
The following article crossed the news wires last month from Germany.
MUNICH - Bavaria’s highest court affirmed Wednesday that spreading lies about the Holocaust — even in private letters — violates German law.
The Munich judges ordered a lower court to reconsider its decision to drop defamation charges against a 63-year-old man who in letters to members of parliament had denied the existence of gas chambers at the Nazis' Auschwitz death camp. Denying Hitler's mass extermination of European Jewry is illegal in Germany. The Regensburg lower court, however, had ruled that sending letters to a limited
number of people did not constitute propagating a denial.
But the southern state's highest court said the man had clearly wanted to affect the legislative process by sending his letters. This constituted an attempt to propagate his views, the court ruled.
“No one can rely on guaranteed freedom of speech to protect expressions that deny the historic fact that Jews were murdered with poison gas in Auschwitz," the court ruled.
Well, there you have it in terms that are impossible to misunderstand. Sending letters to your elected representatives which express forbidden points of view about a war that ended over 50 years ago is a crime in Germany. To agree with this particular point of view, that Jewish losses
were not as large as claimed by Jewish sources and did not result from a plan of mass extermination (a point of view accepted by a growing group of historians today), is to have committed a “thought crime." If you have these forbidden thoughts, you damn well better not express them, or you will end up in court.
This point of view is called a “lie" even in the preceding news dispatch. But if it is a lie, it is certainly a very special kind of lie. Telling a lie to your lover about where you spent last night may land you in the doghouse, but not in jail. Telling a lie to the U.S. Congress can earn you a senatorial nomination and a nationwide radio talk show. Telling a He to the
<01996 National Vanjpmnl Hooks Box 3)0 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
people, preferably many lies, is jus! considered * business as usual” in the vote contests of Western “democracies. Questioning the Jewish version of events in World War 11, however, which in principle ought to be no different than questioning George Bush’s or Saddam Hussein’s version of what happened in the Gulf War, has become a political crime in Germany, and may soon be one in the United States.
It is a political crime in exactly the same sense that questioning the King’s divorce could have gotten you drawn and quartered in the England of Henry VIII, or that bringing up the subject of the mass murders of innocent Ukrainian farmers by the Jewish commissars could have gotten you a bullet through your brain in Stalin’s Soviet Union.
Do we need a law making it illegal to question the generally accepted account of the heroes of the Alamo? No, everyone would agree that such a law would be unnecessary, ridiculous, and offensive to the principle of free inquiry.
Do we need a law making it illegal to question the laws of gravity or of conservation of energy? No, that would be absurd and repugnant to the spirit of free scientific investigation of the world around us.
Do we even need a law making it illegal to make inaccurate statements about history? Well, if there were such a law, there would be a lot of textbook publishers and “docudrama” producers in jail! And it is more than obvious that stopping lies from being told is not the real purpose of these laws: After all, you can claim that eight million and one Jews were gassed at Auschwitz, and I am quite sure that no one will arrest you.
Do we need a law making it illegal to question any group, any person, any principle, any government, any story, any thing? No! And those who wheedle, bribe, propagandize, and buy the politicians to procure such laws are thereby showing themselves to be extremely insecure about their supposedly unassailable fads. They are acting, in fad, like liars desperate to prevent the exposure of their lies.
This is what the drive for censorship of the Internet is really all about. This is what the drive for so-called “hate crime” laws is all about. This is what all the hue and cry about American Dissident Voices
Free Speech for April 1996
is really all about. It is about protecting the privileges, power, and undue influence now possessed by the richest elite ever to swagger upon the world stage the organized Jewish minority.
Without embarrassment at his p ing of victim status for incredibly wealthy Hollywood Jews while at the same time listing a few of their many multirnfllior,. dollar and totally one-sided portrayal*of the so-called “Blacklist” period, Buhl* continues:
Since the days of The Front written, directed, and acted by former black-listees, with the notable addition of Woody Allen and Barbra Streisand’s more popular The Way We Were, fie-tionaJ renditions of that era have proliferated in theater, television, and film. The American Movie Channel and BBC are each preparing treatments of the Hollywood Red Scare. NPR has planned for 1996 a drama series written by Tony Kahn, son of Gordon Kahn (sometime scriptwriter for Roy Rogers films and author of Hollywood on Trial about the blacklist's withering day-to-day effect upon a Jewish family. Meanwhile, a small production company is completing a documentary of Hollywood's Great Survivor, Abraham Polonsky, writer for that famous Jewish radio show, The Goldbergs, master of the 1940s filmnoir, secret scripter for television’s You Are There, and most recently film-maker of themes both racial (Tell Them Willie Boy Is Here) and Old World Yiddish cultural (Romance of a Horse Thief).
This is where I come in. An odd Gentile with a taste for Jewish culture and a dedication to oral history field work, I've spent years interviewing aged union activists and Yiddish newspaper editors, as
It is most instructive to read the Jewish press. When the editors know that the Gentile masses are not reading, amazing admissions are sometimes made.
While exploring the Internet recently I came across an article published in the leftist Jewish magazine Tikkun for Sep-tember/October 1995, entitled “The Hollywood Blacklist and the Jews.” The article is by a self-described non-Jewish Judeophile Paul Buhle, a man who has recently graced the faculties of Brown University and the University of California and who, along with a certain Joel Kovel who is “Alger Hiss Professor of Social Studies” at Bard College, has had his lecture tapes marketed by an outfit calling itself “The New York Marxist School.” Mr. Buhle’s text confirms the thesis which has been advanced in this newsletter: both the openly Communist and the pro-Communist elements in the media were and are overwhelmingly Jewish.
Naturally, Buhle decries Senator Joseph McCarthy’s efforts to clean the Communists out of the Federal government and the efforts of some in Hollywood to root out the Communists there.
Let me quote a few passages from the article:
...The Motion Picture Alliance for the Preservation of American Ideals [pronounced] a universal ban on any writer, actor, director, producer, or technician unwilling to sign a loyalty oath....
A second subtext [of McCarthyism], barely disguised, was anti-Semitism. The message — from rural Southern barber shops to Senate chambers — that" Jews control Hollywood" and that Jews were poisoning America had a special meaning to those faced with "investigation.”
...To clear oneself, to resume something like a normal life, it was never enough to declare personal departure from the Left ....One had to name names, most especially those of intimate associates who had shared decades of participation in social movements. A blacklistee recently reminded me of the race memories stirred by the Red-hunting committees. In earlier days the czar, caliph, or general had demanded something strikingly similar:
We let you live, Jew, if you inform on your friends. Otherwise. ..

WM
mSm
I m
BARBRA STREISAND Streisand starred in the 1973 movie The Way We Were, which depicted the Jewish version of the Hollywood blacklist period
<D1996 National Vanguard Boola Box 330 Hilliboro WV 24946 $40/year
Free Speech tor April 1996
3
welt as Jewish poets of various generations, summer camp employees, and theatrical types of every left-of-center political description. The passage of time has lately taken me beyond the immigrant generations to a fascinating slice of the next one threatened with oblivion, the Jew ish creators of 1930s-' 50s popular culture.
Why Jews? And why so many of them leftish Jews, the very people who injected into nearly anonymous popular-culture objects of my generation’s youngest years the otherw ise scarce values of egalitarianism and social justice?
... But here, nevertheless, I find my ideal: the old Jewish radical, full of spunk and insight.
...I was listening to Abe Polonsky, spry at eighty-two and loaded with bons mots, in the lunchroom of Neiman-M arcus, not far from his apartment in West Los Angeles. While models in fabulously priced designer suits struck poses, Abe reminded me of an American ghetto past. Three-quarters of a century ago, in New York, his grandmother introduced him to the narrative: Night after night, she read the boy w hat he w ryly calls “ Huckleberry Finn on the Volga,” American fiction remixed, reinterpreted, and rendered into Yiddish language and Yiddishkeit, the diaspora sensibility. From this origin, Polonsky developed the intellectual re-flexivity to move from one cell of America) popular culture to another, era after era, withstanding persecutions and transcending changes of political or commercial fashion.
...Yiddish was, of course, the vernacular language of European Jewry for more than five hundred years, and the language within which Jewish socialism and modem Jewish literature took root simultaneously. I call it, with some irony, the lingua franca of popular culture, and I believe that its very adaptability from linguistic climate to linguistic climate conditioned the native Yiddish speakers to 'translate" their culture into new forms, according to the possibilities at hand.
An endless number of show business anecdotes testify equally to the odd and adaptive Yiddishkeit of the generations that loved the Yiddish stage but also shimmied in jazz parlors, watched Charlie Chaplin, went to Hollywood, and created some of the strangest and most interesting popular art objects of the twentieth century. But before we get to Hollywood, we need to go backward a bit, scooping up some history along the way.
As far back as the Christian Middle Ages, the historians tell us, bits and pieces of folk culture and humor from the surrounding cultures were absorbed into Yiddishkeit, notwithstanding the efforts of religious authorities to keep out Gentile contaminants. With the passage of time, the Yiddish language itself continuously grew and contracted, absorbing and casting off different elements as its speakers traveled, adapted, and readap-
ted to the problems and possibilities around them.
...By the time the future Hollywood writers of the 1930s and '40s were born, between around 1905 and 1920, a last major Yiddish literary wave (called die Yunge, the young ones) had taken its stand....
...In just this atmosphere of mixed fascination and revulsion, movies became an extraordinarily significant factor in the ways that Jews would affect modern culture at large. Jews also rewrote, popularized, and to some degree transformed jazz, the basic American music rooted in African-American culture. They became a business force and creative talent behind comic books a generation or so later. And they penned best-seller after best-seller, psychologized and tantalized readers with dozens or hundreds of Dr. Ruths and Jonathan Kellermans. They did marvelous things on Broadway. But it was film where they could be moguls and writers, scenarists and even stars for the masses — under Gentile names, at least for the first several generations.
...Anti-fascism and the drive for unions created a bloc of Hollywood progressives (mostly, but by no means entirely, aligned with the small group of Communists, nearly all of them Jewish). It was a West Coast commonplace to say that social movements had real life in them, while movies were only a way of making a living.
...The idea or ideal of the public intellectual, not a handful of noted idealists but of a mass of artistic-intellectual toilers in the field of popular documentation and presentation, emerged during the later 1930s at the leftish fringes of the New Deal.
Gov ern m en t agencies such as the Works Progress Administration helped make this possible. But the driving concept, of a radically democratic pluralism, had important origins in the networks of the heavily politicized Yiddish stage, and the Yiddish backgrounds of Left cultural figures, including-palnters and
writers as well as movie people. More than anyone else, these people had the need to envision a multicultural, multiracial America in order to imagine a worthy place for themselves in it.
...The war suddenly made the public intellectual, even the Jewish left-wing intellectual, a precious resource. As the Red Army held Hitler's legions at bay and powerful liberals urged an anti-fascist propaganda campaign, Left film writers collaborated in a string of remarkable (and sometimes hit) features. Films such as Action in the North Atlantic, Hitler’s Children, Edge of Darkness, Tender Comrade, Pride of the Marines, and, yes, Casablanca reflected an unprecedented articulation of democratic but also cryptically Jewish social values. Especially in those starring John Garfield, the Everyman struggles in an alien world for love and community. Bogey's Rick was a Spanish Civil War vet and a goy with a
Jewish heart, his “Caf6 Americain" a little piece of America where the melting pot still contains the elements of hope in a dark world.
...The Jews who wrote and in some cases directed these films were making a career for themselves in a commercial medium, make no mistake about it. That was (and is) the way Hollywood works.
...But consciously or unconsciously, they
DR. RUTH WESTHEIMER Dwarfish Dr. Ruth (doctorate in education), the Jewish sex guru is part of the Yiddishkeit transformation of our popular culture.
<01996 National Vanguard Boob Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
4
Free SPEECH for April 1996
wivt rewMvtng the fabric of tho past, the* own past, into tha present. Yiddish tarvguao* virtually never appeared in the Hollywood film, but Ylddishkeit was not absent
Udt-wing Hollywood oame out of the war. as many Americans did, with remarkably naive optimism about the future. And why not? Their films were boffo at the box office. Director Edward Dmvtrvk's Murder, My Sweet, with Dick Rowed as the beleaguered private eye, was a magnum success that proved the commercial possibilities of film noirwith its vivid night scenes, paranoid loners, and cynical desperados. Dmytryck’s Crossfire, a brilliant frontal attack on anti-Semitism (and one of the favorite targets of congressional investigators seeking Hollywood "subversion"), introduced Robert Ryan as the perfect, tw isted face of hate. Till the End of Time and The House I Live In (an award-winning short feature, starring Frank Sinatra singing an ode to anti-anti-Semitism) verified the hopeful themes of postwar promise.
But the further America (and the world) got from the optimistic, antifascist unity days, the more noir things looked in real life in a brief moment of relative artistic freedom for anti-capitalist messages, Jewish left-wingers made their aesthetic statement and took their political stand. Abraham Polonsky's Force of Evil, called by Andrew Sarris " one of the great films of the modern American cinema" and re-released this March in the "Martin Scorsese Presents" video package, shows corruption at the very heart of the system. His John Garfield, emblematic as always ("Call me Julie," as the Jewish actor began private conversations, shedding his gentile mask), is the perfected man on the make plagued with inner doubts precisely because something in-
INGRID BERGMAN, 1042
Bergman sold her Nordic good looks to Hollywood to be used in support of the "good war."
side him knows better.
...Jewish left-wingers like Carl Foreman also pressed, without much Immediate luck but great confidence of long-run success, for serious cinematic treatment of race relations in America.
All this bold experimentation ended with the blacklist. A host of writers, directors, and technicians, overwhelmingly Jewish, faced ruin.
...Returning instead to disguise, they and a younger cohort of Jewish progressives who eluded the blacklist continued to experiment with various popular culture mediums, especially television. There they reoriented their Left/New Dealish sensibility to the changing scene. The problem of community in a world of cultural transitions and alienated teenagers, of determined women, troubled races, and continuing injustices found its answer in an ethos of tolerance, real justice, and an openness to learn from new and unfamiliar cultures.
...Polonsky, himself “greylisted," wrote (using pseudonyms) for “You Are There," television’s earliest self-proclaimed “quality" show, directed by a former Group Theater child actor, Sidney Lumet. He and his collaborators, Walter Bernstein and Arnold Manoff (whose wife, Lee Grant, was blacklisted for refusing to testify against him), wrote most of the episodes, projecting faux “newscast" episode-dramas — "a day like all days...only you are there? —with heavy emphasis on the historic struggle for free speech and assorted civil liberties.
Fellow blacklistee Paul Jarrico... wrote for what historians consider television's finest early sitcom, “The Phil Silvers Show”... depicting a racially integrated troop of soldiers led by the sentimental (and for anyone but the culturally hard of hearing, the emblematically Jewish) schemer Sergeant Bilko....The bureaucracy and stupidity and sheer superfluousness of military life (at the height of the Cold War) could perhaps be read as a subscript ...sympathetic portrayals of ordinary soldiers and the ludicrousness of visiting martinets, punctuated this hilarious lampoon of a peacetime army devoted to meaningless pursuits.
Note well that an army that might be used against Jewish Communism is “ludicrous,* quite the opposite of Hollywood’s romanticized vision of the “good war* when Germany was the enemy. Back to the Paul Buhle’s article from the Jewish publication Tikkun:
Norman Lear, a former radio writer from the small milieu of almost exclusively Jewish, progressive professionals, had actually been an officer in the shortlived Television Writers of America, a union destroyed for refusing to accept the blacklist Lear s authorship began with "All in the Family"
...Spinoffs such as" The Jefferson*’ ^ " Maude" carried the momentum fc, ward....Lear had opened things up ..."M* A* S* H" offered better opportu^ ties for hard politics and a limited but artistic experimentation. [It was] bas^ upon blacklistee Ring Lardner, Jr.’s cc authored Oscar-winning script for th| Robert Altman film.... Auteur Larry g*. bart, another seasoned writer from the Cold War days, was best known for his play script of A Funny Thing Happened or the Way to the Forum, which (until Tht Front) was arguably the biggest show, case of Jewish blacklistees.... Half-Jew. ish Alan Alda had become Americafs wholesomely anti-war sweetheart. .. A| told, “ M* A* S* H” offered another side of the legacy of Abe Polonsky's Hollywood generation: truths through enter tainment that documented the horrorsof the modern world.
...There's more to the legacy, by a long shot. Next time you wade through hours of Malcolm X, hang on for the credits. Arnold Perl, ten years dead and a blacklistee to boot, is there as co-author with Spike Lee. Who else but a Jewish ex-Red from a Yiddish background?
There is more, much more, to this amazing article, “The Hollywood Blacklist and the Jews* by Paul Buhle, published in the September/October 1995 issue of the Jewish magazine Tikkun. It should be available in most larger public libraries; and it is available on the World Wide Web. Look under the keywords “Paul Buhle* and “Tikkun.*
There you have it from the horse’s mouth, written by a self-confessed Judeophile and published in a Jewish journal. They came here to destroy the Old America and to remake it in a Jewish mold. And this they have done. In out insane thoughtlessness we let them become our dream makers and information brokers, and they have erected a new moral order — a new religion if you will — in which to question them is the \vr> definition of evil and soon, very soon, may become a crime.
If you care enough not to want your children or grandchildren to grow up slaves to these evildoers, you need to support us in our educational efforts with every fiber of your being. You need to make it the most important thing in your life!
This article is based on the American Dtsst* dent Voices program “Ylddishkeit Pathology,” aired on March 30, 1996. A cassette recording of tills program is available Kn $12 postpaid from National VangaaiJ Book*.	mi	-*
<D1996 Nuuotud Vanguard Hooks Do* 330 Hillsbi/io WV 24946 $40/'yedi
Free Speech for April 1996
5
Jewish Supremacy
Those Who Want to Dominate a Multiracial Society Are Racial Supremacists; Those Who Want to Live in a Healthy, Homogeneous Society Are Racial Separatists
by Kevin Alfred Strom
Have you ever noticed the psychological phenomenon in which a person will often call attention to the real or imagined faults in others that he himself suffers from? The name of this phenomenon is projection, and it certainly crops up often in life: the mentally unbalanced man accusing others of being “crazy”; the extremely jealous woman accusing her husband of not trusting her; the habitual schemer accusing his co-workers of plotting against him; the greedy man excoriating his fellows for being selfish; etc.
This phenomenon is nowhere more apparent than in the controlled media’s readiness to accuse anyone who believes in White survival of being what they call a “White supremacist.” This has to be the most egregious example imaginable of the pot calling the kettle black.
Actually, it is more like the pot calling the silverware black, since most of those accused of being “White supremacists,” or in illiterate-speak, “White supremists” (sicj, are actually White separatists, a very important distinction. It is the largely Jewish masters of the media who are supremacists supreme.
A separatist desires that his people should have freedom and independence from domination by other peoples, and to that end he works for the day when his people shall be able to live and provide for themselves in their own nation, without the burden of an underclass or overclass comprised of other peoples. A separatist specifically does not desire to be an overclass. He does not want to rule over any other people. In fact, a separatist does not want a multiracial society at all.
A supremacist, on the other hand, wants and demands a multiracial society. In this multiracial society he wishes his race or social group to be the dominant one. The fact that this desire is usually cloaked in pretensions of beneficent intentions and “the greatest good for the
greatest number” should not obscure the fact that it is a master/servant relationship that the supremacist wants. White Americans who promoted Black slavery in this country during the first half of the 19th Century could properly be called supremacists. WTiite American businessmen who support increased Third World immigration to provide themselves with cheap labor are essentially supremacists. The White upper class have abandoned their own people, but they daub their unconscionable piggish greed and treason with a fake gilding of “tolerance” which they themselves neither believe nor practice.
The world champions of hypocrisy when it comes to ethnic supremacy, however, have to be the organized Jews. Dominant in the Hollywood/New York cultural axis, when anyone challenges their interests they are quick to denounce with the words that they have made into terms of opprobrium: “racist,” “White supremacist,” etc. In their movies and their newscasts they are zealous in their promotion of the idea of a multiracial, multicultural society in which all live in perfect harmony. In fact, the genesis of this “multicultural” moral and social construct was with the leftist media Jews and their allies, as they themselves admit in private Jewish publications (see previous article, “Yiddishkeit Pathology”). But a careful examination of organized Jewry’s attitudes towards other races reveals a quite different face from that presented to the public. In fact, it can be fairly said that Jewish religion and Jewish practice exemplify racial supremacy at its most hateful and its most outrageous. In truth, after examining definitive Jewish religious documents one can be forgiven for thinking that racism just might have been invented by the Jews.
I^et’s take I look at the record.
A few years ago a friend of mine, after a long evening discussing politics and conspiracy, asked me, “If there really were a Jewish plan to dominate and
enslave us as you say, surely someone would have defected and spilled the beans on his fellow conspirators.”
“Well,” I replied, “I agree that would be the very best evidence of all.”
1 can tell you now that such evidence not only exists, but it is plentiful. It is not all in one place, and one has to examine the testimony of more than one individual to get the complete picture, but there are indeed defectors from what my friend called the “Jewish conspiracy.”
I am not sure how well the word “conspiracy” now applies to a domination presently being conducted more and more out in the open, but a conspiracy it once was, and defectors it has surely had, though not all of them would have claimed that title. Long-time readers will be familiar with the names of a few of these: Benjamin H. Freedman, Alfred Lilienthal, Victor Ostrovsky, Samuel Roth, Marcus Eli Ravage, Noam Chomsky, Israel Shahak. Each provides a piece
VICTOR OSTROVSKY
Ostrovsky, an author and former Mossad agent, is one of the Jews who has spilled the beans about Zionist machinations worldwide. His two titles are available from National Vanguard Books.
©1996 National Vanguard books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
6
Fru'F Speech for April 1996
ol truth that thr ruling wttWithment not wiih yew to know.
Today lit u* rvaminr lirtd SKiluk Imd SKaHak it a proiettot ftneritut at Hd^tfw Uahmity and longtime Israeli dissident. Israel Shahak is a liberal Jew who rxcomtrt * Nans" repeatedly and voctietouslv in bis writings. Israel Sha-Hak is Kimsdf a former resident of the Berfpen-Belsen concentration camp during World War 11. He was raised as an Orthodox Jew. He is a Jew who settled in Palestine in 1945 and was witness to the founding of the state of Israel. And he is a powerful opponent of Jewish hypocrisy.
The extraordinary thing about Israel Shahak is that he does not have a double standard for Jews and non-Jews when it comes to racial supremacy. Shahak is against racial supremacy whether practiced by Jews or non-Jews, and he finds that it is practiced extensively by Jews and is in fad part of their religious traditions. Professor Shahak finds this morally disturbing and not in the long-term interests of Jews. Professor Shahak has published a hook which examines the issue of Jewish racism in detail, Jewish History, Jewish Religion: The Weight of 3,000 Years.
Israel Shahak says that Judaism and its teachings are “poisoning the hearts and minds* of its followers and have been doing so for thousands of years. In a recent forum at the Massachusetts In-
stitute of Technology, he acknowledged that Jews have been persecuted in the past, but emphasized that today "it is quite common that a persecuted group becomes the persecutor.
One of Shahak*s favorite activities is translating the Hebrew press into English for the edification of the rest of us, a practice which has earned him the burning hatred of many in the Jewish establishment. One article he translated recently, by Israeli journalist Tom Segev, relates the writer’s random walk through Jerusalem in the company of an Arab lawyer. The lawyer was stopped repeatedly by Israeli guards and his identification papers were demanded. One guard ordered him, “Come here, jump.” Then the guard dropped his papers on the road and, laughing, demanded that the Arab pick them up. Aside to the Jewish journalist the guard stated, “These people will do whatever you tell them to do. If 1 tell him to jump, he will jump. Run, he will run. Take your clothes off, he will take them off. If I tell him to kiss the wall, he will kiss it. If I tell him to crawl on the road, won’t he crawl? ... Everything. Tell him to curse his mother and he will curse her too.** The guard continued, offering his opinion that the Arabs are “not human beings.* The border guards then searched the lawyer, gratuitously slapping him, and ordered him to remove his shoes, warning him that they
ibUMSti boldtCKi, armed with automatic weapons, stop and search a car driven by Arabs on the West Bank. This is standard procedure tor occupation troops.
cou Id order him to remove all fmd<$ if they so chose. Segev continue* Arab kept silent and sat down on $ ground." The border guards laughed*, said again, "Really, not humans.*
This, of course, is a relatively ^ example of the attitude of many J^ toward Gentiles, but it suffices to show the mentality involved.
Shahak, in an article entitled *7> Ideology Behind the Hebron Masiacre' gives us some additional recent exarn^ of this widespread Jewish attitude. He translates a few of the statements of, religious group in Israel called theGwfc Emunim, which, according to Shahar “enjoy[sl [Yitzhak] Rabin’s friendship and strong influence in wide cirdes of the Israeli and diaspora Jewish cornua- j
n
mties.
This sect states that Jews are not and cannot be a normal people.
One of their leaders, Rabbi Schlomo Aviner, stated, “...while God requires other normal nations to abide by abstract codes of justice and righteousness, sudt laws do not apply to Jews.*
Rabbi Israel Ariel states, “A Jew who kills a non-Jew is exempt from human judgment, and has not violated the prohibition of murder.*
According to Gush Emunim rabbis, “all Arabs living in Palestine are thieves because since the land was once Jewish, all property to be found on that land really belongs to the Jews."
These Jewish fanatics feel invincible They possess one of the world’s most powerful military machines (built up by five billion or more U.S. dollars in an-nual aid) and have plenty of potential American cannon fodder at their disposal. They state: “Israel need have no fear of future wars, and can even provoke them at will—Even if there is peace, we must instigate wars of liberation in order to conquer...."
In Shahak*s article former Knesset member Rabbi Eliezar Waldman, who is now the director of the main Jewish school in Kiryut Arba, expresses the view “that by fighting the Arabs, Israel carries out its divine mission to serve as the heart of the world... while Arab hostility springs, like all anti-Semitism, from the world’s recalcitrance against being saved by the Jews, ...or from Arabs seeking to fulfil their collective death-wish.*
02 996 National Vanguard Book* Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 %40/ytar
Shahak recounts the answer of a rabbi who was asked by an Israeli soldier if it was proper to kill Arab women and children. The rabbi’s answer was a quote from the Jewish holy book, the Talmud: “The best of the gentiles — kill him; the best of snakes — dash out its brains.” Some holy book; some religion!
Shahak contends that Jews are imbued with such attitudes to the degree that they are immersed in Judaism. In his book he explores the anti-Gentile outlook of Judaism’s Talmud. He writes:
According to the Jewish religion, the murder of a Jew is a capital offense and one of the three most heinous sins (the other two being idolatry and adultery). Jewish religious courts and secular authorities are commanded to punish, even beyond the limits of the ordinary administration of justice, anyone guilty of murdering a Jew. . .. When the victim is a Gentile, the position is quite different.
A Jew who murders a Gentile is guilty only of a sin against the laws of Heaven, not punishable by a court. To cause indirectly the death of a Gentile is no sin at all.
Thus, one of the two most important commentators on the Shulhan 'Arukh explains that when it comes to a Gentile, ‘one must not lift one’s hand to harm him, but one may harm him indirectly, for instance by removing a ladder after he had fallen into a crevice . . . there is no prohibition here, because it was not done directly."
A Gentile murderer who happens to be under Jewish jurisdiction must be executed whether the victim was Jewish or not. However, if the victim was Gentile and the murderer converts to Judaism, he is not punished.
Shahak reveals that according to the Talmud:
Sexual intercourse between a married Jewish woman and any man other than her husband is a capital offense for both parties, and one of the three most heinous sins. The status of Gentile women is very different. The Halakhah presumes ail Gentiles to be utterly promiscuous and the verse ‘whose flesh is as the flesh of asses, and whose issue [of semen] is like the issue of horses" is applied to them..
. . Therefore, the concept of adultery does not apply to intercourse between a Jewish man and a Gentile woman; rather the Talmud equates such intercourse to the sin of bestiality. . 11 According to the Talmudic Encyclopedist "He who has carnal knowledge of the wife of a Gentile is not liable to the death penalty, for it is written: ‘thy fellow's wife' rather than the alien's wife . . and although a married Gentile woman is
Free Speech for April 1996
forbidden to the Gentiles, In any case a Jew Is exempted.”
This does not Imply that sexual Intercourse between a Jewish man and a Gentile woman is permitted — quite the contrary. But the main punishment is inflicted on the Gentile woman; she must be executed, even if she was raped by the Jew: “If a Jew has coitus with a Gentile woman, whether she be a child of three or an adult, whether married or unmarried, and even if he is a minor aged only nine years and one day — because he had willful coitus with her she must be killed, as is the case with a beast, because through her a Jew got into trouble."
If a Jew finds property whose probable owner is Jewish, the finder is strictly enjoined to make a positive effort to return his find by advertising it publicly. In contrast, the Talmud and all the early rabbinical authorities not only allow a Jewish finder to appropriate an article lost by a Gentile, but actually forbid him or her to return it. . . .
It is forbidden to defraud a Jew by selling or buying at an unreasonable price. However, fraud does not apply to Gentiles, for it is written: “Do not defraud each man his brother . . . . " The Halakhah interprets all such idioms [as "each man his brother" or "neighbor"] as referring exclusively to one’s fellow Jew.
In 1962 a part of the Maimonidean Code . . . the so-called Book of Knowledge, which contains the most basic rules of Jewish faith and practice, was published in Jerusalem in a bilingual edition, with the English translation facing the Hebrew text.
The latter has been restored to its original purity, and the command to exterminate Jewish infidels appears in it in full:" It is a duty to exterminate them with one’s own hands." In the English translation this is somewhat softened to: "It is a duty to take active measures to destroy them." But then the Hebrew text goes on to specify the prime examples of “infidels" who must be exterminated: "Such as Jesus of Nazareth and his pupils, and Tzadoq and Baitos [the founders of the Sadducean sect] and their pupils, may the name of the w icked rot." Not one word of this appears in the English text on the facing page (78a). And, even more significant, in spite of the wide circulation of this book among scholars in the
7
English-speaking countries, not one of them has, as far as I know, protested against this glaring deception.
Jew Israel Shahak has done the world a great service. He has been intellectually honest and very courageous. In Israel he speaks against Judaism at a very real risk to his life so as to reveal the truth about the most long-standing and utterly hostile racism the world has ever seen: Jewish racism.
Israel Shahak’s works make it clear that the new religion of “equality” promoted by the Jewish establishment is for Gentile consumption only. Organized Jews promote “equality,” but they believe in the very opposite. They believe that they are a special, chosen people, destined to rule all others and to own all the wealth of the world. They are fanatical about preserving their heritage and their identity, their exclusive Jewish schools, and their organizations. The prevailing Jewish world view is a textbook example of the racial supremacy they are so fond of accusing others of having.
What can we learn from this? 1 assure you it is not my purpose to promote hatred or racial supremacy from our side of the racial divide. The very fact that I
Dynamite!
I Sit A r *11 r i KlH I WtJH I-
JEWISH HISTORY. JEWISH RELIGION
THE WEIGHT Of THRU THOUSAND YEARS
k m	sMr Oh
iwabb ffW ifcpfi d IbmMr. Si writ « inlomb ad pMiOj • (Mlifcufioa if f Ml
Ob’



Author Israel Shahak, a Jew and a citizen of Israel for over 40 years, reveals the racism,ultranationalism, and sectarian fanaticism embodied in the Jewish state and the Jewish reli$ ion. This trade paperback, 127 pages, is available from National Vanguard Books for $19.95 postpaid.
<01996 National Vanguard Booki Bux 330 Hilltboio WV 24946 $40/year
6
Free Speech for April 1996
FS/ADV News
devote so much space to truth-telling Jewish dissidents should prove that.
1 think we can learn a lot from an unbiased observation of Jewish activities. First we must acknowledge that they have been amazingly successful at surviV mg. Surrounded by often hostile majorities, they have preserved their identity, their culture, and the germ of their racial uniqueness through millennia. For that we can credit their intense sense of identity and solidarity and their belief in themselves as a people. I deeply wish that we Europeans could emulate them in this regard, for then our survival would be assured.
But I cannot recommend their hypocrisy as an example to be followed. This hypocrisy always leads them to practice a supremacist rather than a separatist way of life. Despite some Zionist denials the Jewish way of life shows every sign of continuing on its perpetual path of living among other peoples as a solid, organised minority and attempting to gain the upper hand in Gentile nations by promoting the poisonous idea of a raceless society. This destructive and hypocritical approach is sure death for the Gentiles, of course, and in the long run always backfires on the Jews. That is precisely what Professor Shahak is worried about.
I think that racial separatism, not supremacy, is the only path to independence and freedom for all peoples on this planet. It is also a path that is in harmony with our natural instincts. Our instincts — all of them — are there for very important reasons, and we would not be what we are if it were not for the instincts which led us to survive the rigors of Ice Age Europe and to consider ourselves fundamentally different from peoples who developed closer to the Equator.
I would like to give Professor Israel Shahak's book Jewish History, Jewish Re-ligion the widest possible circulation. Although, for obvious reasons, the book has so far not found an American publisher (it was published in London, England), we have obtained a supply and are able to offer this book to our readers, f or more information see the advertisement on page seven.
This article u based on the American l)nn-dent Voices program, "Jewish Supremacy,” aired on April 6, 1996. Art audio cassette of this program is available for $12 postpaid from National Vanguard Books.
Listeners* Letters
Dear Mr. Strom:
I have long wanted to pen you a few lines to pay homage to your brilliant and absolutely indispensable American Dissi' dent Voices, a broadcast I am able, unfortunately, to receive only infrequently, but one which, when it does get through, never fails to uplift and exhilarate me! Thank you very much for all your work and sacrifice, dedication and struggle in continually getting these fabulous programs on the air.
I learned only lately of your monthly newsletter Free Speech and missed out on receiving the first many issues. To rectify this please find enclosed a money order for the the back issues I’ve missed. I will be remitting a further sum in a couple of weeks for a subscription. I will happily donate a little extra, as I can imagine no better direction in which to put any monies I can spare than to American Dissident Voices.
Thank you deeply for your efforts and attention in this matter.
J.N., Winlaw, BC, Canada
Editor’s Reply: Thank you for your kind words, Mr. N. Your order is being processed. Unfortunately, issues of Free
Speech from January 1995 through May 1995, August 1995, and October 1995 are sold out and no longer available. Other back issues are available for $4 each.
Dear ADV,
I’ve been listening to American Dissi-dent Voices since December 1995 on WRNO shortwave. I have enjoyed the program from the first time 1 heard it Keep speaking the truth. I am a Black man, and I agree with you that Blacks should hold one another more accountable for their actions.
I plan to order tapes of past broadcasts, so please send me a National Vanguard Books catalog.
I’ve enclosed two newspaper articles. One is from the Washington Post of April 6, 1996. The other is from the Washington Times of April 7, 1996. Both articles dicuss Marlon Brando’s criticism ofthe Jews who run Hollywood. This issue deserves your attention.
R.E., Washington, DC
Editor’s Reply:	Mr.	E.,	thanks	for
your letter. Your catalog is on its way. We have indeed noted Mr. Brando’s remarks. See the article “Men of Valor* in th is issue.
Call of the Blood
A Musical Revolution
Seventeen different songs, sixteen original compositions, Dresden’s Call ofthe Blood is a new kind of folk-rock written by Joseph Pryce from a radical pro-Aryan point of view. This audio cassette, with lyric sheet, is available for $12.95 postpaid.
National Vanguard Books
Call of the Blood


€>J 996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboto WV 24946 $4Q/yt<\t
DISNEY SIGNS UP THE WEINSTEIN BROTHERS On April 30, 1993, then chairman of Disney Studios Jeffrey Katzonberg announces the acquisition of Miramax Rlm CorpM owned by Harvey (left) and Bob Weinstein. The purchase of Miramax was part of the remaking of the Disney company from a Gentile-owned studio producing traditional Western folk tales [Snow White) and adventures (Davey Crockett) to a Jew-owned studio producing pornography (Kids) and Politically Correct, revisionist history (Pocahontas).
<OJ996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
Free Speech for April 1996
9
The Destructive Media
Jewish Control of the American Mass Media Has Real Consequences for the United States and the World
by Dr. William Pierce
One of the subjects we’ve covered a number of times in this newsletter is the Jewish control of the news and entertainment media and the enormous damage this control is doing to America and to our people. We write about this so much because there’s hardly anything in the world more important, hardly anything which demands our attention more urgently.
The evidence of the damage being done is quite obvious, but somehow many people manage to not notice that evidence. I had a newspaper reporter in
my office a few weeks ago, and he asked me, “Why do you object to the Jews controlling the media? Aren’t they running things about the same way anyone else would?”
I told him, “No, they’re running things to fit their Jewish agenda, and that agenda is not good for us.”
Then he asked me for specific examples: “What are the Jews doing with their control of the media that’s harmful to us:
Now, I really don’t believe that the reporter wanted an answer to that question, because this was a man who knew which side his bread was buttered on. He couldn’t afford to be thinking bad thoughts about the people on whom his
career depended, but I gave him an answer anyway. 1 gave him some specific, concrete examples of the way in which the Jewish control of our news and entertainment media was damaging us as a people. Perhaps you’ll be interested in hearing some of those examples too, and so I’ll share them with you.
The first example I gave the reporter involved the largest media conglomerate in America, the Walt Disney Company. 1 reminded the reporter that Walt Disney, who was a Gentile — who was one of us — had been a pioneer in the motion picture industry. He was one of the men who built Hollywood. He built it by giving us films like Snow White and Fantasia and Cinderella. These were not
10
just healthy, wholesome films: they were films which struck a deeply responsive chord in us, because Walt Disney shared our roots.
While Disney was winning a place in the hearts of people of European descent all oyer the world, the rest of Hollywood was being taken over by Jews. By the late 1920s it was apparent that not only was there money to be made in motion pictures, but motion pictures could become a very influential medium, and so Jews began taking over.
By the time Disney died he was about the only major non-Jewish film maker left in Hollywood. After his death Jews took control of the Disney company, and today it is controlled by Michael Eisner. Eisner immediately began making propaganda films designed to encourage degeneracy in viewers.
I gave to the reporter as an example of Eisner’s films one that came out a couple of years ago and received all sorts of acclaim and awards from Jewish reviewers in the New York Times and other Jewish newspapers: it was The Crying Came, which was made by the Miramax division of Disney, a division headed by the Weinstein brothers. The Crying Game was a film about homosexuality and transvestism and interracial sex. The message of the film was that these things are all right: that homosexuals and transvestites are people just like us, and that we should love them, and that it’s all right for us to share their life-style.
Racial and sexual roles deliberately were made ambiguous in the film: a British soldier who just happens to be a Negro, an Irishman’s mulatto girl friend who just happens to be a man wearing a dress. I doubt that I’ve ever seen a film with a sicker, more destructive message. And this film was held up by the Jewish media as wonderfully “sensitive,” as wonderfully artistic. Nor was The Crying Game any sort of fluke or exception to the rule. Mr. Eisner has produced many other films with a similarly destructive message.
I also gave the reporter to whom 1 was speaking examples about the destructive way in which the Jews use their control of the news media. Do you remember the enormous hullabaloo in the news media a few months ago when two White soldiers at Fort Bragg, in North Carolina, got drunk and shot a convicted Black
Free Speech for April 1996
crack dealer and his female companion? It was on the television news and in the big newspapers day after day after day. “Racism in the Army!” the headlines were screaming. News commentators wrung their hands and agonized over “White supremacy” at Fort Bragg. “What can we do about White supremacy in the military?” they moaned. And, of course, the politicians, who certainly know which side their bread is buttered on, had to get into the act. The White House issued statements. The secretary of the Army announced that an investigation would be launched to find out about White racists in the Army and then to boot them out when it found them. We were treated to tearful television interviews with the relatives of the slain Black crack dealer. We’re still hearing about the killing of this convicted Black criminal by two drunken White soldiers, as Jewish groups continue to use it as an example in their media campaign for new laws against what they call “hate crimes” and “hate speech.” Just two weeks ago there was yet another big article about it headed “Extremism in the Ranks” in Tleivsiveek magazine, which is owned by the Jewish Washington Post. Everybody has heard about this shooting at Fort Bragg.
Now I’ll tell you about a shooting you haven’t heard about— unless you happen to live in the immediate vicinity of Camp Pendleton, the big Marine base in southern California. Last month, on March 5, a 28-year-old Marine sergeant who was stationed at Camp Pendleton hid a .45-caliber pistol under his jacket, walked into the office of the executive officer of his unit, Lt. Colonel Daniel Kidd, and shot Kidd twice in the back, killing him. He then turned his pistol on the commanding officer, Lt. Col. Thomas Heffner, and shot Heffner in the chest, critically wounding him.
Both Lt. Colonel Kidd and Lt. Colonel Heffner are White. The murderer, Sergeant Jessie Quintanilla, is a dark-skinned Pacific Islander from Guam. When Quintanilla ran out of the office after shooting the two White officers, he shouted that he had done it “for the Brown side” and that the killings of Whites would continue until all non-Whites are released from prison.
Amazingly, not even the San Diego-area newspapers, which could hardly avoid at least reporting the bare tacts of
the shootings, suggested that race was a motive or that the killing of Lt. Colonel Kidd was a “hate crime.” They ignored the race factor. The national media, so far as I am aware, have scrupulously avoided the whole story. No statements from the White House, no call for investigations of Brown racism in the Marines, no headlines anywhere about “extremism,” no calls from Jewish organizations for new laws to control “haters” in the military.
Now, what is the difference between the shootings at Fort Bragg and the shootings at Camp Pendleton which could have justified the glaring difference in the way they were treated by the controlled news media? Was it that the Fort Bragg shootings were a more serious crime than the Camp Pendleton shootings? Was the killing of a convicted Black drug dealer by two drunken White soldiers more newsworthy than the coldblooded murder of a White Marine Corps officer with an outstanding service record by a non-White sergeant with a hatred of White people? Was the Fort Bragg shooting more cause for concern on the part of ordinary Americans than the Camp Pendleton shooting?
I don’t think so.
Let me suggest that the difference in the way in which the shootings were treated by the news media stems from the fact that the Jewish bosses of the media have an agenda of their own, and they slant the news accordingly. They make the news fit their agenda. The Jews who control the news media have a program to “sensitize” White Americans about racial matters, and by that I mean that they want to instill in White Americans a sense of White racial guilt, to make White Americans feel that any sense of White racial solidarity is reprehensible, to persuade them that any White resistance to demands by non-Whites is “racist” and therefore wicked.
And so they deliberately — 1 say deliberately, knowingly, calculatingly — create the impression with their biased and selective reporting of the news that White attacks on non-Whites are a far bigger problem than non-White attacks on Whites, whereas exactly the opposite is true. The shooting at Fort Bragg suited the Jews’ purpose, and so they gave it enormous publicity and drummed it into everyone’s consciousness. The shooting at Camp Pendleton didn't suit their pur-
©J 996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40fyear
Free Speech for April 1996
11
pose, and so they gave it minimal coverage in the news media they control. That’s the sort of thing 1 have in mind when 1 say that the Jewish control of the media is doing enormous damage to our people. It’s giving the average American a grossly distorted view of the world.
I’ll give you another example, one which most of us probably have heard about. In Chicago earlier this year a White mother and her two young children were murdered by Blacks in an especially horrible manner. The White woman was slashed open with a butcher knife, and an unborn infant was ripped from her womb by Blacks who wanted the baby. The woman’s children, a ten-year-old daughter and an eight-year-old son, were stabbed to death. These were racial killings, but because the victims were White and the murderers were Black most of the media would have preferred to ignore them. The unusually atrocious nature of the crime caught the attention of the tabloids, however, and so the rest of the news media were obliged to give it minimal and grudging coverage. But there were no demands from Jewish organizations, like the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern
Poverty Law Center, for new “hate crime" laws because of these hate-inspired murders. There were no hand-wringing editorials about the murders in the New York Times or the Washington Post. The television networks wasted no tears on the victims. The whole attitude of the media was: the less said about these murders the better.
Can you imagine how different the treatment by the media would have been if the races of the victims and the murderers had been interchanged? Imagine that a gang of neo-Nazi skinheads had grabbed a pregnant Black woman and her two Black children, had stabbed the Black children to death and then killed the Black woman by ripping her open with a knife and tearing her unborn child from her body and running off with it. That would have been on the front page and the editorial page of the New York Times, the Washington Post, and every other Jewish newspaper in the country for weeks. Tom Brokaw and Dan Rather would still be telling us about it every evening. Every television screen in the country would still be full of politicians, priests, and rabbis telling us what we must do to eliminate “White racism.”
»iiiB
Mickey Mouse poses with Bishop Desmond Tutu as the Disney company shows
its support tor Black rule in South Africa.
They would be telling us what kind of “racist" books and “racist” radio programs and “racist" music the skinheads were exposed to which led them to kill the Black family. And of course, spokesmen for the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League would be given non-stop media coverage as they clamored for laws to make Politically Incorrect speech illegal. You know that’s the way it would be handled.
And that sort of slanted news is damaging, because tens of millions of White Americans actually believe what they see on television and read in the newspapers. They cannot distinguish between the real world and the slanted world portrayed by the media masters. They assume that real people behave the way the actors in Mr. Eisner’s The Crying Game behaved; moreover, they assume that’s approved behavior. They assume that the news stories selected for the evening television news programs are truly representative of what is happening in the world. Their opinions and attitudes are shaped by the slanted world of the media rather than by the real world. In the long run this Jewish media control is not just damaging: it is lethal. It will destroy us. And that, of course, is just what it is intended to do.
Here’s another specific example of the way in which the Jewish control of our media is used to damage us as a people. Do you remember the Republic of South Africa? Do you remember what the media did to that country? Let me remind you. For years the mass media in America maintained a solid wall of hostility against South Africa. The Whites there were unspeakably wicked, according to the media, because they practiced a system they called apartheid, which simply means apartness, or separation of the races.
Now, it is true that we always have had a busybody element among our own people — egalitarians and other foolish or malicious types who always are looking for an opportunity to force others to conform to their ideas — but without the support of the Jewish media the busybody element would not have been able to do much damage. It was the controlled media which made apartheid a dirty word; it was the controlled media which made the attitude toward South Africa a major political issue in this country; it was the controlled media which made a govern-
01996 National Vanguard Dookt Dox 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
12
mcnt enforced boycott of trade with South Africa politically popular; it was the controlled media which viciously attacked anyone who had a good word to say about South Africa; it was the controlled media over here which provided a forum for the handful of South African traitors and terrorists who were trying to destabiliie their own society.
And ultimately it was the controlled media which destroyed South Africa. As the economic damage to South Africa from the trade boycott mounted, White South Africans found themselves under increasing pressure. Furthermore, they Were being subjected to the same anti-White hate propaganda that we were. The films they saw, the television programs they watched in South Africa came from Hollywood and New York. And eventually the South Africans became so demoralized that they foolishly turned their country over to Black rule, hoping that somehow that would make the world love them and their economy would improve.
What actually has happened, of course, is that crime and mismanagement have skyrocketed and standards have fallen, and now the White South Africans who are able to go some place else are leaving. What has happened to every other country in sub-Saharan Africa after the Whites turned the government over to the Blacks is now happening to South Africa. It is slipping back toward the jungle. And the controlled media in America played the largest single role in bringing this result about.
And this result was deliberate. It was calculated. It was planned. It was not because of any fuzzy-minded, do-gooder sentiment on the part of the media bosses. They knew exactly what they were doing. It was cold-blooded. Compare this media concern with equality for Blacks in South Africa with the attitude of the media toward the behavior of the Jewish government in Israel. That government practices what is known as collective punishment. If a Palestinian is suspected of being a freedom fighter — suspected, not convicted — the Jewish government punishes his whole family. His wife, his parents, his children will be arrested and tortured. The house they live in will be blown up. Have you ever heard the controlled media criticize this sort of behavior?
Free Speech for April 1996
Now, patriots have various concerns, various priorities. Some of them believe that we should concern ourselves first and foremost with the way the U.S. government handles its finances, with ruinous taxation and scandalous welfare programs. Some of them believe that our out-of-control immigration situation is our most pressing problem. Others are concerned primarily with the government’s failure to deal effectively with street crime. And some have focused on the breakdown of our educational system under the impact of forced equality, or on the decay of our morals.
But I tell you that we can solve none of these problems until we regain control of our news and entertainment media. So long as the Jews control our mass media they will control our politicians, and so long as they control our politicians they will control the policies of the government. We will not be able to shut down the welfare system or control our borders or make our cities safe or restore our standards and values so long as the controlled mass media are able to make a majority of our people feel guilty for wanting to do these things, so long as the media are able to make people believe that keeping Mexicans and Haitians out of the country or shutting off the flow of welfare is racist, and that racism is the worst of all sins.
So long as the Jews control our mass media they will be able to keep enough of our people confused and misled and divided so that we cannot regain control of our government by peaceful, democratic means.
If we are to regain control of our destiny and survive as a people, then we have only two choices: violent revolution to take the control of the mass media back by force, or gentle but effective persuasion to lead more and more of our people from confusion into understanding.
I personally believe that violent revolution is not feasible at this time, and as long as the course of gentle persuasion remains open to us, that is the course we must choose. I believe that the only proper thing for us to do now is to continue building our own media and making them more effective — media like our series of radio broadcasts and our World Wide Web sites on the Internet and the books and magazines published by National Vanguard Books.
This article is based on. the America Dissident Voices program “The Destructive Media,” aired on April 13, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available for $12 postpaid from National Vanguard Books.
Subscribe to
Free Speech
You may have received this copy of Free Speech as a sample issue. If you have not already subscribed, subscriptions are $40 for twelve issues. To become a Defender of the First Amendment and receive our weekly cassette recordings of American Dissident Voices radio broadcasts costs
$300 per annum.
Remember, your subscription will help to keep you informed and will assist us in buying air time for our radio outreach.
Another benefit of a subscription is quanity discounts on many of our
publications.
Be part of the solution — subscribe today!
National Vanguard Books
01996 National Vanguard Booh Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
Free Speech for April 1996
13
Men of Valor
We Must Have Such Men if the West Is to Survive
by Dr. William Pierce
Several weeks ago the actor Marlon Brando was interviewed on a television talk show, and he got a little careless. He blurted out something which everyone in the media and in show business knows, but which no one is supposed to say. Marlon Brando said that Jews own and run Hollywood, and that they run it for their own benefit: they run it to suit themselves and no one else. The films they make portray other ethnic groups unfavorably, but the Jews portray themselves only in the most favorable light.
Well, sir, what else is new? Next someone will be announcing that the earth goes around the sun!
You know, that’s a funny thing: the Jews and their allies reacted to Brando’s statement about the way the Christian church reacted 400 years ago to Galileo’s statement about the relationship between the earth and the sun. They screamed for Brando’s blood. And at the same time they tried to obscure the issue and distract people’s attention away from the central point: namely, the Jewish control of the media.
They called Brando an “anti-Semite.” They began wailing about the so-called “Holocaust.” They stepped up their demands for laws against what they like to call “hate speech.”
The same sort of thing happened about a year ago, when a British journalist, a reporter for the London Daily Tele-graph, wrote an article about Hollywood pointing out that all of the top executives in the motion picture industry are Jews. The Jewish establishment greeted this revelation in exactly the same way, denying what was obviously true and at the same time trying to make people feel guilty for realizing that it was true. They yelled “anti-Semitism” and trotted out their favorite gas-chamber stories. “Weren't six million enough?” they moaned. “So much hate!” They acted as if the simple statement of truth about their control of Hollywood were an act of persecution, and that anyone who
didn’t immediately blot it from his mind were an “anti-Semite.”
Now, this sort of behavior — this pretense of shocked and wounded innocence — has worked wonderfully for the Jews for the past 50 years. They've been able to intimidate most people into keeping their mouths shut most of the time. They have made the average American so afraid of being labeled a “racist” or an “anti-Semite” that they have been able to enforce their own code of Political Correctness: a code under which one may say nothing about a Jew except an expression of praise or sympathy.
It’s a fascinating situation. They’ve been able to enforce this code, under which no one may say that they control the media, only because they do control the media: it is their control of the media which gives them the power to enforce their code of Political Correctness on the public. And they certainly have most of the public buffaloed.
Or do they? They raised such a fuss about Marlon Brando’s comments earlier this month that an Internet poll was taken to find out what the public reaction to the fuss was. One of the major Internet access providers, Prodigy, took the poll, and the results were encouraging. The Prodigy poll found that despite all of the Jewish screaming about Brando’s comments being “anti-Semitic,” half of those polled didn’t think what Brando had said was anti-Semitic at all, but was a simple statement of fact. Jews do give themselves especially favorable treatment in Hollywood films, they said.
Yes, it is encouraging to learn that despite all the media brainwashing 50% of the public hasn’t been fooled. That raises my estimate of the public’s intelligence and power of perception.
Now, if that 50% would be willing to stand up and say in public what they will say in an anonymous poll, my estimate of the public’s character and courage also would be raised — and so would my hopes for the future of our people.
You know, it is important to be intelligent and perceptive, It is important not
to be fooled by our enemies; it is important to be able to see through their lies and deception. But it is more important — much more important — to have courage and to be honorable in one’s behavior. It is important to have valor. That's something which is sadly lacking in America today, I’m afraid. Despite what Mr. Brando said, I’m not inclined to give him credit for much valor, I’m inclined to believe that he had a few martinis in him when he gave that interview, because the next day he was groveling and apologizing.
What’s really unfortunate is that we don’t have a valorous ruling class in America to provide leadership and to set standards for others. Without such a class the country cannot long survive.
We do have a ruling class of sorts, of course; there is always a ruling class of some type. But the men who rule America today are certainly not men of valor. They are lawyers, bureaucrats, rich businessmen, scribes and Pharisees.
They are men without ideology, men whose only fixed principle is always to do what is advantageous for themselves. And, in a sense, they are the “best” of their type: that is, they have worked harder, been smarter and meaner, and hewed more closely to the party line — to the established body of cant — than those who didn’t make it to the top. The “fittest” in any society survive and prosper.
But valor, unfortunately, does not seem to have survival value in 20th-cen-tury American society — at least, not the kind of valor which we remember fondly from bygone centuries. What would an old-fashioned Yankee or a Southern gentleman do in today’s America? How would he react upon encountering a Black male swaggering down the sidewalk with a White woman on his arm? Suppose he came face to face on the street with one of the filthy creatures who has made a career in politics, the media, or the pulpit by helping to bring about the state of affairs in which White women dare to be seen in public on the arms ot
01996 National Vanguard Booki Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $4Q/year
Free Speech for April 1996
Blacks, How long could a valorous man stay out of prison?
The best men today know that they are living in enemy-occupied territory, and upon such a sidewalk encounter they only grit their teeth and pass in silent rage, while the worst display an ingratiating smile.
I’m reminded of something Alexander Solzhenitsyn wrote about life in the Soviet Union 70 years ago, when the Jews and their allies were consolidating their grip on the Russian people. In cities like Moscow, Solzhenitsyn wrote, the black vans would go out from secret-police headquarters every night. A van would pull up in front of an apartment building, and four or five secret-police agents would get out and knock on a door. Then they would make an arrest: someone who had been overheard making a Politically Incorrect remark or had been seen reading a Politically Incorrect book. The person would be taken away and never be seen again. This happened hundreds of times every night. The head of the secret police was an especially vicious Jewish thug named Genrikh Yagoda. The arrests and the murders in the basement of secret-police headquarters went on night after night, month after month. And Solzhenitsyn lamented the fact that no one ever put up any resistance.
Even though the Reds had confiscated most privately owned firearms, there were still a few around. Even without firearms, it wouldn’t have been especially difficult for a few brave and determined men — a few men of valor — to ambush one of these secret-police patrols and kill the secret policemen. After this had happened a few times, the patrols very likely would have found other things to concern themselves with besides arresting Politically Incorrect citizens. The cops could have spent more time with their donuts and coffee, and Yagoda could have spent more time preparing his next Five-Year-Plan.
But there was no resistance. There were no men of valor. The people were like sheep. The murders continued. And I’m afraid that after the Jews have their “hate crime and “hate speech’* laws in place in this country, Americans will put up no more resistance to the FBI than the Russians did to their secret police 70 years ago.
One of my favorite authors is Brooks Adams, the 19th-century American economist and historian. In his book The Law of Civilization and Decay Adams put forth the idea that the spiritual climate of a particular period in history favors the survival and proliferation of men with a particular inner orientation, while driving men with a different orientation out of existence, much in the way the physical environment favors or disfavors a particular somatic trait.
Adams divided men roughly into two classes: spiritual man and economic man. The former are what I would call men of valor. Adams saw their epitome in the English yeomanry of the Middle Ages: freeholding farmer-warriors. They flourish during the period when a new civilization is being established.
The other class, economic man, epitomized by the merchants and bureaucrats who later replaced the yeomen, flourishes during the period of a civilization’s decay and collapse. Adams pinpointed democracy as an institution congenial to economic man but especially inimical to the existence of spiritual man.
The entire Western world — not just America — has been spiritually dead
ALEXANDER SOLZHENITSYN Recounting his experiences In Soviet Russia, Solzhenitsyn warns the West that without men of valor tyranny will triumph.
since the Second World War. Economic man has swarmed over its corpse, fattening himself on its material remains and multiplying mightily. Physical collapse may not yet be imminent, but the decadence is profound and irreversible. Valor, sorely needed to see us through the coming night and hold us to a worthy purpose until the new dawn, is a memory growing fainter by the decade.
As the West continues its slide into chaos, strong men, White and non-White, will rise to provide some degree of order and security for their adherents. Some will not be much more than local mafia chiefs; others will carve out regional or even national constituencies based on common economic interests, common ideologies, common ethnicities, or some combination of these.
In each case the leaders of these groups will be distinguished by valor of a sort. They will be men who have proved themselves tougher, more energetic and aggressive, and cleverer than their rivals. They will command respect as well as obedience from the members of their groups — which is more than can be said for America’s present “leaders.”
We will see more and more a return to leadership based on personal strength rather than institutional sanction — to natural leadership, the kind which existed among our people thousands of years ago, before we began building cities and writing laws, and which still exists among many non-White populations today. That’s also still the way it is in some more-or-less civilized areas just outside the borders of the Western world: in places like Lebanon, for example, and in Latin America.
Now, rule by mafia bosses may be fine for Levantines and Latins, but we need more than a valor based only on toughness, cleverness, and ambition. The West has no shortage of tough, clever, ambitious men. And we still have many who are physically strong and courageous —• although perhaps not so many these days as we would like.
The valor we remember — and the valor we must have again — depends at least as much on moral courage as on physical courage. Even more, it depends on the inner sense of direction which must guide the man of valor, it his courage and strength are to be used to a worthy end.
Cl996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV	$40/
Free Speech for April 1996
15
Originally the word valor meant
. ^Torth. A man’s worth was a measly not of what he owned or controlled, however — not of how many shares he ^uld buy in the stock market or how many votes he could collect at the polls „ but of what he was.
The ideal man of valor is guided unerringly by his inner compass. He is imperturbable and implacable. His loyalty to his cause is his honor, and his actions are as unaffected by considerations of personal comfort or safety as by the opinions of lesser men.
How can we have such men to lead us in this age of Jewish television, democracy, and the supremacy of the marketplace?
A man does not acquire valor simply by making a resolution to act valorously; it is the product of a lifetime of right living and right thinking by a man born with the right stuff in him.
Surely, men of our race are still being born with the right stuff. Economic man may be forcing spiritual man out of existence generation by generation, but the process is not complete yet.
Our problem is to provide an environment which does not stunt or warp the spirits of our best men and women. The environment which prevails in America today produces from our best
BROOKSADAMS, 1848-1927 Adams, a scholar with wide-ranging interests, was the type of conservative who is no longer extant in contemporary America.
stock merely lawyers tricky enough to out-shyster the trickiest Jew, businessmen hard-driving enough to beat out the most grasping Levantine competitor, professionals in every field willing to jettison scruples and truckle to alien arbiters in order to stay ahead of the pack. Children raised on a steady diet of MTV simply do not become men or women of valor.
When the chaos in America has grown to the point that there is no longer steady work for lawyers and corporation executives, the same stock will yield merely gang leaders meaner and tougher than the meanest and toughest mafioso rival, if the spiritual climate remains unchanged.
What we must do, no matter what it takes, is change that climate. We must devise a way to nurture the best seed that we have and to provide a regimen and a tutoring, an upbringing and an inculcation, for the yield of that seed which will once again give us men of real valor, in the best sense of the word.
It certainly would be easier to do this, easier to create a new atmosphere in which valor can flourish, if we controlled the news and entertainment media which our enemies control. If we, instead of the Jews about whom Mr. Brando complained, owned Hollywood, for example, we could do a lot in that direction.
Well, we don’t own Hollywood, and we don’t control the television networks, and we don’t own the New York Times or the Washington Post, like the enemies of our people do, but we do get American Dissident Voices out every week on shortwave radio and on satellite and on a number of AM radio stations. You also can listen to ADV broadcasts on the Internet, if you have a computer with a fast modem and a sound card. Just check our World Wide Web site at www.natvan.com. At our web site you can listen to the current week’s broadcast as well as a collection of our earlier broadcasts. Even if you don’t have a sound card, you can download free copies of the transcripts of our programs.
Our work to make ADV programs available to a broad section of the public through a number of different media is possible only with your support. We’re working now to extend the reach of our message by adding new broadcasting stations to our network. We're also working to develop new media for our message.
We want to reach the public through video and through CDs as well as through radio. We need your help to do this. We can’t do it without your help.
And we need your help now, because the people who own Hollywood and their allies in the Clinton government are pushing very hard for new laws which would make our broadcasts illegal. They want to be able to put people like Marlon Brando in prison for telling the truth about the Hollywood Jews. They want to put me and my associates in prison for bringing you the truth through the radio and through the Internet and through the books and magazines which we publish. They want to make telling the truth about them a “hate crime.” They want to scrap the First Amendment, so that they can label as “hate speech” any expression of truth they don’t like and make it illegal.
They work through Jewish organizations like the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, the Simon Wiesenthal Center, and the so-called Southern Poverty Law Center. These un-American organizations attempt to frighten the public into giving up their freedom in return for the promise of a little more security. And they work through the government. The people in the Clinton administration are eager to give them the new laws they want. Bill Clinton and Janet Reno would love to round up everyone who is not Politically Correct. The only thing which holds them back is fear of the public reaction. They’re afraid of what that 50% of the public who agree with Mr. Brando might do.
Our job is to keep disseminating the truth as widely as we can, so that that 50% will grow to 60% and 70% and 80%. Our job is let the Clintonistas know that when they move to take away our freedom they will have a revolution on their hands. Our job is to build a pipeline for truth and inspiration so big that it cannot be shut off.
And, with your help, one ot these days we will take Hollywood away from the Jews and we will use it to build a new climate in America: a climate in which valor can once again flourish.
This article is based on the America Dissident Voices program “Men of Valor," aired on April 20, 1996. A cassette recording ot tiiis broadcast is available tor $12 postpaid troui National Vanguard Books.
01996 National Vanguard Book* Box 3)0 Hilhboto WV 24946 $4Q/year
She needs the truth
Where will she find it?
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
In her classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where she stands a greater than one in four chance of being raped, probably by a non-White?
We are here to make sure that more and more young people like her will have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed word. We are the men and women of the National Alliance.
For $2 we-will send you our informative book and tape catalog and our publication 534, What Is The
explaining our program in detail.
NATIONAL ALLIANCE P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/Seymour, Texas area): Every Saturday 830 a.m., 94.3 FM; and 10 am., 1230 AM.
KXEL: Monday through Friday, 9:30 p.m. Central Time, 1540 AM.
KCTA (Gulf Coast): Every Saturday 3:30 p.m., 1030 AM.
Satellite Channel
Listen to American Dissident Voices anywhere in North America, every Saturday from 6 to 7 p.m. Central Time on G7, channel 14. 7.56 audio.
Free Speech and American Dissident Voices on the Internet Our World Wide Web sites: http://www.natvan.com http://www natall.com
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkan-sas) Every Saturday 10 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/Decatur/Hart-sefle, Alabama areas): Every Wednesday 9 a.m., 1490 and 890 AM,
WTIS (Tampa Bay area): Every Saturday if 30 a.m., 1110 AM
WALE (Southern New England): Every Saturday, 10:30am, 990 AM
WBON (Tampa/St Petersburg and much of central Florida): Every Sunday 730 p.m., 760 AM
WRNO: This shortwave station serves North America and the world; eveiy Saturday at 11 30 a.m. Central Time on 15420 kHz, and every Saturday at 8 p.m. Central Time on 7355 kHz.
i Listen. . .
...every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in gray. Send $4 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of our radio schedule are available at $3 for 20 copies, $7 for 100 copies, or $30 for 500 copies, all postpaid Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
He needs
i&gi§g
KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/Seymour, Texas area): Every Saturday 8:30 a m., 94.3 FM; and 10 am., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most o( Arican-sas):£very Saturday 10 am., 760 AM.
WAJFand WYAM (Huntsville/Decatur/Hart-selle, Alabama areas): Every Wednesday 9 am., 1490 and 890 AM.
WTIS (Tampa Bay area): Every Saturday 11.00 am., 1110 AM.
WALE (Southern New England): Every Saturday, 10:30 a m., 990 AM.
WBDN (Tampa/St Petersburg and much ot central Florida): Every Sunday 7:30 p.m., 760 AM
KXEL: Monday through Friday, 9:30 p.m. Central Time, 1540 AM.
WRNO: This shortwave station serves North America and the world; eveiy Saturday at 11:30 a m. Central Time on 15420 kHz, and every Saturday at 8 p.m. Central Time on 7355 kHz.
the truth
Where will he find it?
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
In his classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where he will be exposed to drug dealers and homosexuals?
We are here to make sure that more and more young people like him will have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed word. We are the men and women of the National Alliance.
For $2 we will send you our informative book and tape catalog and our publication 534, What Is The National Alliance?, explaining our program in detail.
NATIONAL ALLIANCE P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Satellite Channel
Listen to American Dissident Voices anywhere in North America, every Saturday from 6 to 7 p.m. Central Time on G7, channel 14, 7.56 audio.
Free Speech and American Dissident Voices on the Internet Our World Wide Web sites: http://www.natvan.com http://www.natall.com
• Listen. . .
...every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in gray. Send $4 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of our radio schedule are available at $3 for 20 copies, $7 for 100 copies, or $30 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946