FREE SPEECH • SEPTEMBER 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. IX
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
mm.
D-3 7/b
IN THIS ISSUE OF	SPEECH
,«r.	11	,	V/'//''/
The Lesson of IIAmjiBiem jjj
: Dr. William Pieree l
wi
Russian

Dr. William Pierce

The Lesson of Amy Biehl
People have told me that I talk too much about the Jews. They have told me that I should focus more on America's race problem, that I should talk more about how Black crime and Black welfare and Black — may I call it “culture”? — are degrading our civili-zation. White people don't have their homes burglarized by Jews, these critics tell me. Jews don't sell heroin to our children on school playgrounds. It's the Blacks and Mexicans who are the problem. And Jews don't throw their trash in their yards and get on welfare. So get off the Jews' case and tell us how we can solve the race problem before it destroys America.
Now, when I hear comments like this I feel that I have failed in my main purpose, which is to get people to understand what's happening. I try to keep my message very simple, and I try to present it as clearly as I can, but when I hear people telling me that the Blacks and the Mexicans are
the real problem and not the Jews I realize that I just haven't been getting through.
Of course, I understand that in some parts of the country Blacks or
Amy Biehl
Mexicans are a much more immediate threat than they are where I live, and that White people who have been heavily impacted by non-Whites in their schools, neighborhoods, or workplaces feel so hard pressed that they can't really worry about less visible threats. Here in the mountains of West Virginia what little crime there is — and that's very little — is committed by my fellow Whites, and it's mostly drunken driving or domestic fights.
I do sympathize with the people who live in our cities and are forced to mix with non-Whites. But we need to look beyond the most immediate and visible problems. We need to look at what is behind these problems, at what has caused them. And when we look for the causes of problems we can look either inside our own house or outside. That is, we can either look for weaknesses and faults in the nature of our own people and
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
An Illustrator’s rendition of the 1850 massacre of the Oatman family. Both parents and four of their seven children were killed. Two of the younger girls were taken as slaves by the Indians where one died of starvation and the other spent five years before being found and rescued by her surviving brother.
our own society which have left us vulnerable to external enemies, or we | can focus on those external enemies. And sometimes it's not an altogether clear distinction. Some of our traits are not really faults in themselves, but they have nevertheless been turned against us by external enemies.
For example, there's our combi-nation of objectivity, altruism, and universalism, which has so often been used by our external enemies to manipulate us for their advantage and to our great disadvantage. Our enemies have discovered that it is very
Ik easy to make us feel sorry for them or feel guilty because they are inferior to us in some way, or to convince us that we must bend over backward to be nice to them because we owe them compensation for some past wrong we have done them.
Some of us are made to feel guilty because our ancestors took North America away from the Indians or because we brought Black slaves here from Africa. This is apparendy a unique racial trait we have. Indians certainly don't feel sheepish about the fact that their ancestors, whenever they managed to capture a few of ours, had the habit of torturing them to death in ways so horrible that they are almost beyond our ability to imagine. Torture was a habitual public rec-
reation of the Indians long before Whites arrived in the New World, and many of the tribes had permanent torture facilities set up in their villages for the specific purpose of putting prisoners to death publicly in the most painful ways possible. They found the screams of their victims amusing. I'm sure you weren't taught this in your American History course in high school because these days it's Politically Incorrect, but many knowledgeable historians — President Theodore Roosevelt, for example — wrote in detail about these things. The Indians don't feel guilty or apologetic about this behavior today, but many of us feel guilty because our ancestors responded to this nasty habit of theirs by slaughtering them and taking their land.
And there are those of us who believe that we shouldn't begrudge Blacks their welfare payments, because their ancestors worked as slaves for ours. How many Blacks have you met who can look at the matter objectively and tell us how grateful they are to Whites because our ancestors brought them from the African jungle to a life that was infinitely more pleasant and secure in America.7 I mean, they already were slaves in Africa, and working and living conditions were a great deal better
under White masters in America than under Black masters in Africa.
As I said, we have traits which are used against us, but that doesn't mean that they are bad traits in themselves. They are a strength for us when we are left to ourselves, and they only become a weakness when we come in contact with those who use them to manipulate us. And certainly the masters of manipulation of these traits are the Jews. The best example of this is the way in which they have used their “Holocaust” story to keep us on the defensive while they exploit us in every way they can. Among themselves they boast about the self-hatred they have managed to generate in the Germans just by harping on how the Germans supposedly wronged them during the Second World War. They have gotten the Germans to the point, they boast, where it is unfashionable to be patriotic or even to show any interest in German culture or German traditions. It is much more fashionable today for Germans to show interest in Zulu traditions, in Turkish art, in Chinese music, or in anything Jewish than in anything German. To express affection for anything German is tantamount to shoving more Jews into the gas chambers. This artificial self-hatred which the Jews have induced in the Germans has had the effect of pushing the German birthrate below the replacement level. It is more fashionable for a young German couple who really follow the party line of the controlled media to adopt a Turkish baby than to have one of their own.
War guilt: this was a war, remember, which began as a local conflict between Germany and Poland over historically German territory which had been taken from Germany at the end of the First World War, and it developed into a war between Germany and the Soviet Union because of Hider's hatred for communism and his determination to break the power of communism in Europe before the Soviet Union's expansionist tendencies led to the further spread of communism. But it only became a world war which the Germans could not win because of the Jews' influence over Franklin Roosevelt in the United States and Winston Churchill in Brit-


© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
ain and the ability of the Jews to manipulate public feelings in both countries.
Certainly Hitler did not want a war with America, and the American people didn't want a war with Germany. But surrounded by Jews the way Bill Clinton is, Franklin Roosevelt connived and finagled America into the war in Europe on the side of the Jews — with the aid of Hollywood, the New York Times and the Washington Post.
This was a war which the Jews had declared publicly against Germany in 1933 and had begun by organizing a world-wide economic boycott of Germany and by mobilizing Hollywood for a full-scale, non-stop vilification of everything German. Viewed from a historical perspective, it was a war between Germans and Jews, and the Jews won. The Germans lost many more of their people in this war than the Jews did. And yet today the Germans still feel guilty about their role in the war. Do you believe that the Jews feel guilty about the German losses in the war? Do you believe that they feel guilty about driving the Palestinians from Palestine, killing many of them, and taking their land?
It's a good thing the Indians didn't have this knack for manipulating us psychologically the way the Jews do. If they did, America would still be the land of the Iroquois, the Cherokees, and the Apaches — of the Sioux and the Comanches and the Shawnees — and they'd still be raiding each other and torturing their prisoners to death for amusement.
The point of everything I've said so far is this: the Jews are a far bigger threat to our survival as a people than are the Blacks or the Mexicans or any other alien group because the Jews not only are masters of psychological manipulation but because they have gathered the means for manipulating us into their hands. Those aren't the only reasons, but I'll get to the other reasons later.
I said that we're lucky that the Indians weren't able to manipulate our ancestors psychologically. Really, we're even luckier that there were for all practical purposes no Jews in North America at that time, or they would have had us feeling guilty
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
Theodore Roosevelt wrote a four volume history called The Winning of the West, available from National Vanguard Books, in which he mentions Indian tortures and describes how the West became part of the United States.
about fighting the Indians. The Jews waited to come until the fighting was pretty much finished, and they could concentrate on accumulating money without worrying about being scalped. The Indians — and the Blacks and the Mexicans — still don't know how to manipulate any but the most soft-brained hymn-singers among us. We are letting the Mexicans and the Blacks wreck our country today not because the Blacks or the Mexicans are able to brainwash us, but because the Jews are.
Mexicans are not a menace to us because they breed fast and carry switchblades. Blacks are not a menace because there are a lot of them and they have a tendency toward violence. We know how to deal with people who breed fast and carry switchblades. We know how to deal with violent Blacks, no matter how many of them there are. Cleaning up America might be a bit messy, but there's absolutely no question about our ability to do it, if we had the will to do it: if we hadn't been brainwashed into feeling guilty for wanting to safeguard America for future generations of our own people. And you know who has brainwashed us.
3
It may seem really complicated when we look at all of the details: brainwashing in the schools, brainwashing by the government, brainwashing statements to us by all of the most ambitious politicians and all of the most glamorous entertainers and sports stars and all of the spokesmen for the mainstream churches, brainwashing by the big advertisers who want us to buy their products — and brainwashing by all of the controlled news and entertainment media. They are virtually unanimous: more diversity is good, they all tell us; multiracialism and multiculturalism are wonderful things; Blacks, Mexicans, Asians, and Jews are all very nice people, and you mustn't resist them. You soon will be a minority in your own land, but that's as it should be. Don't resist it. Your ancestors stole this land from the Indians, and so now it is only right that it should be stolen from you. You have oppressed minorities, and so it is only fair that minorities will oppress your children and your grandchildren. Don't resist It is un-American to resist Just let it happen.
We hear this message of surrender and death from many people, many institutions, but behind all of them stand the master manipulators: the Jews. It is a Jewish message, whether it comes to us from Bill Clinton's lips or the lips of a Hollywood actor in a Steven Spielberg film or direcdy from a column or editorial in the New York Times.
And it is a lethal message. Those who absorb it are as good as dead already.
Do you remember Amy Biehl, the blonde American girl who went to South Africa in 1993 to help the Blacks there in their fight against apartheid? She was full of this message and was just dying to do whatever she could to take power away from the awful, terrible, racist White South Africans, who were her kinsmen, and give it to the wonderful, kind, noble, and deserving Blacks.
Well, Blacks will be Blacks, and so when a gang of them spotted her going about her do-good business in a Black area they stabbed, beat, kicked, and stoned her to death. There was still a White government in South
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
This is the new America the controlled media would like to see. To accomplish this they tell us it is “inevitable.”
Africa in 1993, and the killing of Whites — even brainwashed, do-good Whites — by Blacks wasn't tolerated, and so the Black murderers were caught and locked up.
Now, of course, there's a Black government in South Africa, and so in late July the Black murderers of Amy Biehl were set free again. Amy's parents in California, who are just as much under the influence of the Jewish message as she was, greeted the release of her killers with the statement: “We hope they will receive the support necessary to live productive lives in a non-violent atmosphere. In fact, we hope the spirits of Amy and of those like her will be a force in
their new lives.” This was the reaction of Amy's parents to the pardoning and release of the gang of Black murderers who had danced and chanted around the body of a dying White girl as they kicked and slashed the life out of her. Were Amy's parents concerned about the danger posed to other White women in South Africa by turning these sadistic Black murderers loose? Not at all. Their only concern was for the Black murderers — because they have taken to heart the message: Blacks are good; Whites are evil.
And so now I ask you: Who is the real threat to our people: the Blacks who murdered Amy — or the
people who taught her and her par. ents the message of self-hate which led Amy to go to Africa to work against her own people? Which is the real threat? Which do we need to concern ourselves with first: the Blacks and the Mexicans — or the people who have taught us the same message of self-hate and racial suicide which was taught to Amy Biehl and her parents?
Now you should understand why I am much more concerned about Jews than I am about Blacks and Mexicans. Eventually we will have to deal with Blacks and Mexicans, of course, and the sooner the better. But we can't hope to do that successfully when so many of our people have fallen victim to the same sort of psychological manipulation that Amy Biehl and her parents have.
Bill Clinton has been running around the country giving speeches to university students and to various civic groups, and he's been preaching the same message to all of them. He s been gloating about the coming non-White majority in America, and hes been telling his audiences that we must not try to stop it. It would be un-American to try to stop it, he tells them. Don't resist. And they've been cheering him. They've been applauding this message, because they've already had it preached to them in church, and they've read it in the New York Times, and they've heard it on television.
Unfortunately, not all of these trendy air-heads — not all of these lemmings — have had an opportunity to prove their commitment to the cause of ^CTiite racial suicide the way Amy did. But they believe it. They believe it because the Jews have taught them well. The Jews have manipulated them psychologically. And that is the primary threat to the continued existence of our people, beside which every other threat is insignificant.
And so our task today — the task of every White man and woman who has not fallen victim to this psychological manipulation, this spiritual poison of the sort which killed Amy Biehl — is to fight the poisoners, to fight the manipulators, not worry about Black crime or Mexican fecundity. Sometimes, of course, 1 do speak about Black problems or Mexican
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
problems, but that really is only to illuminate the primary problem, which is the Jews' control of our media of news and entertainment, the media through which they inject their spiritual poison into our people.
And we don't fight the poisoners by wringing our hands and moaning that it's too late, that the Jews are too powerful, that there's no way we can compete against the television networks, Hollywood, the New York Times, and Bill Clinton for the hearts and minds of our people.
It is late, but not yet too late; the Jews are powerful, but not so powerful that they cannot be beaten. Our people are brainwashed, but many of them can be un-brainwashed. The story of Amy Biehl and her parents is enough to make some of the lemmings wake up, if we use it effectively as a lesson. Because many of the
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
trendy idiots who cheer die message of White racial suicide do so only because they think it is not only trendy but safe. They think that they personally won't have to suffer the implications of that message the way Amy Biehl did. We should be able to convince some of them that if we all continue in the direction we're headed now, there will in fact be many more Amy Biehls, and they personally may be among those victims. Let's help them to understand that.
What is happening to Bill Clinton now, as he sinks further and further into the cesspool of his own making, will wake up a few lemmings. Bill Clinton's prestige as President is tied to the Jewish message of White racial suicide, and as the DNA experts do their analysis of the semen stains on Monica Lewinsky's dress and Clinton's prestige continues to
5
sink, so will the appeal of the message to the lemmings. Let's you and I continue to rub their noses in the connection between Bill Clinton and his message.
Let's not be only spectators. Let's continue to build the listenership of American Dissident Voices and the readership of Free Speech. Let's continue to spread our message of hope and life and a White future in opposition to the message which killed Amy Biehl.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Lesson of Amy Biehl,” aired on August 8, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
David Geffen, Steven Spielberg,
and Bill Clinton
I referred to Steven Spielberg's new film, Saving Private Ryan, in the August issue of Free Speech. We talked about the way in which that film — and every other film about the Second World war which has come out of Hollywood — have perpetuated the myth — the deliberate lie — that the Second World War was a necessary war and a good war. I mentioned that the Jews have elaborated on this basic lie with their postwar lies about lampshades and soap supposedly manufactured from the corpses of millions of gassed Jews: poor, innocent, inoffensive, sensitive, blameless, high-minded, talented, violin-playing Jews murdered by the brutal, vicious, sadistic, Neanderthal Germans. That's the standard Hollywood lie perpetuated by Jews like Steven Spielberg. And the Jews use this lie to extort billions and billions and billions of dollars from the rest of the world. Switzerland is their current target, but believe me, they intend to suck the last drop of blood from all the rest of us too.
I've spoken with you on several earlier programs about this extortion racket and about the lies on which it is based. One subject we haven't
talked much about is the liars themselves, the extortionists, the individual Jews behind the myth. Actually, quite a bit has been written about these people. On a program a couple of months ago I mentioned one book which gives an overview of the Jews' takeover of Hollywood and their transformation of the motion-picture industry into a propaganda tool for manipulating Americans. That book is Neil Gabler's An Empire of their Own: How the Jews Invented Hollywood. It's available from National Vanguard Books, the publisher of Free Speech. Just write to the address at the bottom of the page and ask for a copy of our catalog.
I just finished reading another book on the same general subject which was published last year. It's Stephen Singular's biography of David Geffen, and it's also available from National Vanguard Books. Have you ever heard of David Geffen? He's the “G” in DreamWorks SKG. The “S” is Steven Spielberg, and the “ K” is Jeffrey Katzenberg. Geffen is a Hollywood Jew who became a billionaire in the music business: records, tapes,
and CDs of rock, rap, and the other things which pass for “music” these days. With his billions he formed a new film production company — DreamWorks SKG — in 1994 with his good Jewish friends Spielberg and Katzenberg, and now we're beginning to see some of their products.
Stephen Singular's biography of Geffen is sympathetic. Singular writes sympathetically about rich and powerful Jews generally. What makes his biography of Geffen interesting for us is the view it gives us of the world in which these rich Jews live. It is a world quite alien to ours. Did you ever hear of Sammy Glick? He's the protagonist in a 1941 novel, What Makes Sammy Run!, by the Jewish Hollywood scriptwriter Budd Schul-berg. I read What Makes Sammy Run! when I was a freshman, and the image of Sammy Glick has stuck in my mind ever since. Sammy Glick is the prototypical Jewish hustler; the prototypical hungry, young Jew on the way up; the prototypical Hollywood Jew: crude, crass, grasping, manipulative, vulgar, unscrupulous, very verbal, willing to do absolutely anything
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
to advance his career and get his hands on more money. It's amazing that this Jewish prototype was described so starkly for us by a Jew, Budd Schulberg. Probably only a Jew could have given us such an insightful portrait. David Geffen is Sammy Glide The only difference is that Sammy Glick was a fictional character, and David Geffen is real. And Sammy Glick was a heterosexual who liked shikses — that is, Gentile girls — while David Geffen is a flaming homosexual.
And in fact, an amazingly large percentage of the Jews who control the American cultural, fashion, and entertainment establishment are homosexuals — or at least, they were: AIDS has taken quite a toll of them during the past decade. New York composer and conductor Leonard Bernstein, for example. In 1992, when he publicly announced his homosexuality after donating a million dollars to a homosexual charity, Geffen said he kept a card file of 341 of his friends and colleagues who had died of AIDS recendy. Unfortunately, there still are a lot of them left.
The Jewish crowd that Geffen runs around with — people like fashion mogul Calvin Klein and media mogul Barry Diller — are referred to as the “Velvet Mafia.” One of the favorite hangouts for the Velvet Mafia used to be a disco called Studio 54 in New York City. Studio 54 was run by one of Geffen's homosexual Jewish friends, Steve Rubell, until AIDS caught up with Rubell. The goings on at Studio 54 were really too raunchy for me to describe on this program, but if you have a strong stomach you can read about them in the Geffen biography or in another book published last year tided The Last Party: Studio 54, Disco, and the Culture of the Night, by Anthony Haden-Guest.
Not everyone who went to Studio 54 was Jewish or homosexual. Some of the clientele were non-Jewish homosexuals, like Elton John, Truman Capote, and Andy Warhol. Some were heterosexual Jews. And many were wealthy heterosexual Gentiles in the fields of entertainment or politics. The reason I suggest that you might be interested in looking into the world of Studio 54 is that it pro-
David Geffen in the 1970’s
vides a good sample of the sort of morality and mind-set that prevail among rich Jews and their rich Gentile hangers-on in Hollywood, Washington, and New York. It is an utterly depraved world, a world where anything at all goes, so long as it provides kicks.
No one who knows me would accuse me of being a prude or being old-fashioned. I am sure, however, that my conviction that every healthy society must have boundaries of decent behavior comes much closer to the beliefs of most of my fellow citizens than does the completely hedonistic, amoral, anything-goes attitude of these self-appointed Jewish arbiters of American culture, as epitomized by David Geffen, Steven Spielberg, and Jeffrey Katzenberg. In reading of the goings on among Geffen and his friends at Studio 54 — totally nude men mingling with the clientele, public masturbation over piles of money, and the like; really, I cannot describe for you on the air the sort of depraved, degenerate behavior these people find amusing — I am reminded of Rome in the first century, under Caligula and Nero, and of Berlin during the Weimar Republic.
If these Jews kept strictly to themselves it would be bad enough, but they have been able to corrupt a whole stratum of all-too-easily corrupt-
ible Gentiles in entertainment and politics who have found the Jews' money and power an irresistible attraction. Without any inner moral compass to guide them, actors and actresses and politicians have followed the lead of super-rich entertainment-industry Jews like David Geffen. They form a sort of goyische entourage, attending the Jews' parties, going to their clubs and discos, fascinated by the conspicuous consumption and the outrageous excesses of their Jewish hosts.
Currently the best example of this is the relationship between David Geffen and Bill and Hillary Clinton. The Clintons have been in Geffen's orbit since 1992, when the latter began contributing heavily to Bill's campaign fund. Geffen became Hollywood's single largest financial supporter of the Democratic Party, followed closely by his partners Steven Spielberg and Jeffrey Katzenberg. Another big supporter is Lew Wasser-man, chairman emeritus of media giant MCA. Geffen, incidentally, sold his own music company, Geffen Records, which specializes in Black music for White kids, to Wasserman's company in 1990 for $600 million. In addition to his personal donations to the two Clinton Presidential campaigns, Geffen has organized fundraising events among his fellow Hollywood Jews which have poured many millions of dollars into the Democratic coffers.
And the relationship has been social as well as financial. Often when the Clintons have been in southern California Geffen has thrown parties for them, and they have stayed in one of his mansions. And when Geffen is in Washington, he often sleeps in the White House. And Geffen is never shy about expressing his opinion on policy matters or about giving advice to Clinton — which helps us to understand why Clinton has made the promotion of special rights for homosexuals such a prominent part of his policy agenda.
Bill Clinton had adopted the morality of “if it feels good, do it” and “anything goes” long before he met David Geffen, of course. Clinton is a product of the 1960s cultural and moral revolution, and his behavior in
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
the White House has been pretty much the same as his earlier behavior in the Arkansas statehouse. His asso-ciation with David Geffen and the latter's circle of rich Jewish media bosses has merely served to confirm his conviction that his behavior really is smart and fashionable.
In the July issue of Free Speech I gave an example of this amoral attitude and the behavior it leads to. It's worth repeating that example in connection with the Clinton-Geffen relationship. As I'm sure you remember, Clinton gave a speech at Portland State University in Oregon on June 13, in which he virtually gloated over the fact that the immigration and welfare policies of the Federal government will result in a non-White majority in America within the next 50 years. He said that any opposition, any resistance, to this darkening of America would be “un-American.”
Right after his speech at Portland State University Clinton went to Springfield, Oregon, and gave a speech at Thurston High School. This is the school where a 15-year-old student had blown away 24 of his classmates with a .22-calibre rifle a few days earlier. Clinton told the parents, students, and teachers at Thurston High that he “felt their pain,” and he preached against the so-called “culture of violence” which he said had led to so many schoolyard killings in recent months. We must do whatever it takes to end this “culture of violence” which leads kids to shoot each other, Clinton said.
Then, right after that speech, he hopped onto Air Force One for a flight to Los Angeles, where he attended a big fund-raising party being thrown for him that evening by one of Geffen's pals, Lew Wasserman. He accepted almost a million dollars in donations from Wasserman, Geffen, and the other Hollywood Jews at the party that evening. Now, Wasser-man's company, MCA, owns Interscope Records, among a number of other record labels, and Interscope is the world's foremost promoter and distributor of the Black musical genre known as “gangsta' rap.” Gangsta' rap lyrics customarily glorify criminal violence, including rape and murder. Tupac Shakur, a gangsta' rapper who
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
was himself killed in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas in 1997, was one of Interscope's star performers.
So what's die connection? It's this: many observers of children's behavior believe that gangsta' rap, with its glorification of violence, has incited children to commit criminal acts. Because of this there have been a number of protests against the companies, such as Interscope, which promote gangsta' rap. Congressional hearings have even been held, and pressure has been applied to the record companies to stop producing gangsta' rap. In other words, there's no way Clinton could have been unaware that the music being sold by Lew Wasserman's company is considered by many knowledgeable people to play a major role in creating the “culture of violence” that Clinton had decried in his speech at Thurston High School in Springfield, Oregon, just hours before arriving at Wasser-man's house and greeting his host with a big hug.
Now, let me emphasize this point. In March two young boys in Jonesboro, Arkansas, 11 and 13 years old, had shot four of their girl classmates and a female teacher to death in what seemed to be a totally senseless killing spree. The whole nation heard about this. Certainly, Mr. Clinton did, because he made televised speeches about it, decrying the “culture of violence” that he said was responsible for the Jonesboro killings, just as he would later blame the same “culture of violence” for the Spring-field, Oregon, killings. And you know, this appears to be one of the few times Mr. Clinton has been right about something, because the English teacher of one of the Jonesboro killers, 13-year-old Mitchell Johnson, testified before a U.S. Senate committee in Washington about the influence gangsta' rap had had on the boy. Mitchell's English teacher, Debbie Pel-ley, told the senators that she had noticed Mitchell's behavior begin changing in the months before the shootings, when he began listening to gangsta' rap recordings. His teacher told the Senate committee: “Mitchell brought this music to school with him, listened to it on the bus, tried listening to it in classes. ... He was
7
far more into this music than anyone else his friends knew.”
Young Mitchell's favorite rapper was Tupac Shakur, according to his teacher. The CDs that 13-year-old Mitchell Johnson brought to school and listened to on the school bus, CDs that glorify rape and murder and are a big part of die “culture of violence” to which young Americans are exposed and which Mr. Clinton has blamed for the plague of schoolyard killings in America — these gangsta' rap CDs were sold to Mitchell by Lew Wasserman's company, Interscope Records.
Debbie Pelley told the U.S. Senate in her testimony in Washington that the 13-year-old White boy would sing along with the lyrics as he listened to Black rapper Tupac Shakur sing about “coming to school and killing all the kids.” Debbie Pelley saw the transformation of Mitchell Johnson with her own eyes; she witnessed the effect of gangsta' rap on him; and she was lucky not to have been killed herself when the 13-year-old did, in fact, come to school and begin killing all the kids. And she testified to all of this in Washington. And yet Mr. Clinton is not ashamed to party with Lew Wasserman and to accept money from him. And the reason he's not ashamed is that he knows he won't be called to account for it. He knows that the Jews who control the news media won't even tell the public about the connection between Bill Clinton, Lew Wasserman, and Tupac Shakur. They may occasionally criticize him for taking campaign contributions from Chinese gangsters and Indonesian bankers, but they will never criticize him for taking money from Jewish promoters of gangsta' rap. Never, never, never. And so the lemmings, who are willing to forgive Bill Clinton no matter what they find out about how his semen got on Monica Lewinsky's dress — the lemmings will never even hear about the significance of his taking money from Lew Wasserman and David Geffen.
Part of what's interesting about all of this is what it tells us about America's political elite, which has become thoroughly acclimated to operating in this Jewish environment, this environ-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
From left to right: Barry Diller, Hillary Clinton, David Geffen, and Barbra Streisand.
ment of Jewish money and Jewish media control. Well over half of all the money the Democratic Party raises for its candidates comes from the tiny Jewish minority in America: a minor-ity which has accumulated a vasdy disproportionate share of America's wealth. And a substantial part of the donations from Jews comes from a relatively few extremely rich Jews associated with the entertainment industry in Los Angeles and New York. And of course, there are strings attached to all of this money. It buys not only sleepovers in the White House: it buys access and influence. It buys appointments to government office. That's one of the reasons that two-thirds of the advisors, speech writers,
legislative assistants, lawyers, press secretaries, and so forth around Bill Clinton in the White House are Jews. Our government, our politicians, accept this situation as normal. It doesn't bother them — just so long as they get their share of Jewish money.
And even more interesting is die fact that America's popular culture has been shaped to a very large extent by Jews for die past 60 years or so. Today these Jews are men like David Geffen, Lew Wasserman, Steven Spielberg, and the Weinstein brothers: Geffen and Wasserman in popular music and Spielberg and the Weinsteins in films. Not all of the music is gangsta' rap, of course, and not all the films are the sort of obvi-
ous filth the Weinstein brothers pro-duce for Michael Eisner's Disney Company — but it's ail poison. Everything that these Jews touch is poisoned by them in one way or another. The whole movement in popular music which has replaced White music with Black music — which has promoted and popularized Black music among young Whites - has been orchestrated by Jews. The use of films to condition White Americans to accept racial mixing and interracial sex and homosexuality has been almost entirely a Jewish operation, just as the use of films earlier to incite hatred against Germany and to portray Jews as the world's most deserving victims was a Jewish operation.
Do you think that the type of music David Geffen promotes isn't influenced by the fact that he is a homosexual and a Jew? Do you think that the sort of people who are accustomed to hanging around places like Studio 54 and applauding the grossest sort of degeneracy can still make healthy decisions about the directions American popular culture and American fashion should take?
It's considerations of this sort which make it worth our while to learn about what the David Geffens in our society are doing.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “David Geffen, Steven Spielberg, and Bill Clinton,” aired on August 22, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The F ayetteville Murders
It's really too bad Bill Clinton put on such a weak performance in his televised apology to the nation a couple of weeks ago. He could have done much better if he hadn't worn himself out trying to appear cooperative while waffling and dodging questions from the grand jury the whole afternoon before his speech. As it was, I believe his poor performance left a lot of his supporters feeling uneasy.
He certainly left a lot of people who aren't his supporters feeling a bit uneasy about the country's future.
Knowledgeable people in other countries already were pretty cynical about the U.S. government. They understand the extent to which it is under the control of the Jews, simply from observing its unquestioning backing of Israeli policy in the Middle East, when that policy is clearly detrimental to American interests. And they certainly haven't failed to notice Washington's obedient support of the Jews' current extortion efforts against Switzerland and other countries from which the Jews are in the process of successfully gouging bil-
lions of dollars in World War Two reparations.
Now the cynicism of foreign observers is turning to contempt. Clinton has become a laughingstock around the world. People are amazed that the United States has a President who says he believes that oral sex doesn't really count and who has so little control over his urges that he lets himself get into such an embarrassing mess.
What all of this means is that when Mr. Clinton goes on television, puts on a serious face, and tells
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
the world that his government will not tolerate having its embassies blown up, people are less inclined to take him seriously. Actually, it shouldn't matter, since it's not Clinton but the FBI and other police and military agencies which are supposed to counter terrorism, but in fact, it does matter. Certainly, if I were a terrorist leader wanting to strike at the United States I'd be greatly encouraged to see the U.S. government headed by a clown like Clinton. I wouldn't worry half so much about all of America's Tomahawk cruise missiles if I knew that the man in charge of those missiles is a fool and a self-indulgent weakling.
I believe that we will see an increase in terrorism against the United States during the next two years, and I believe that most reasonable people will agree with me that the weaker image of America caused by Clinton's deplorable behavior will be a contributing factor.
It's really amazing, isn't it7 We can put people on the Moon and send robot explorers to Mars, but our political system is a basket case, which seems to permit only moral cripples to rise to positions of leadership. It's the sort of political system you might expect to find in a banana republic or in Africa or the Middle East. Because it's not just Bill Clinton. If the system were sound, someone like Bill Clinton could never have gotten near the White House. Look at the situation we have now, in which all of the media people seem to be in agreement that Bill Clinton's fate depends not on the specific evidence of criminal behavior Kenneth Starr produces in his report to the Congress but rather on how the opinion polls go. It's not the law which really counts here, but public opinion. If the man's approval rating drops significandy, then the Congress will fall on him like a pack of wolves. But if his approval rating stays high, then the politicians won't try to touch him. It reminds me of the Coliseum in ancient Rome, where the fate of a gladiator was determined by whether he got a thumbs-up or a thumbs-down sign from the emperor, and the emperor made his decision based on the shouts of the mob. It's not just
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
foreign terrorists who've lost their respect for the U.S. government; it's everybody.
Is this an organic development — which is to say, a natural development
—	or is it artificial? There are political theorists who believe that a civilization — and that includes its government — has a life cycle which is analogous to that of a living organism: it goes through a youthful period of vigorous and healthy growth, reaches maturity, and then gradually becomes senile and dies. They would attribute the Clinton phenomenon to the senility of American civilization.
Then on the other hand there are the conspiracy theorists, who attribute the decline of American prestige to deliberate sabotage. I take a middle position, about halfway between the Spenglerians and the conspiracy theorists. That is, there certainly is some truth in the Spenglerian — or organic
—	view. This country started off with a much higher quality electorate than it has now. Through the processes of non-selective immigration, dysgenic breeding, and an irresponsible and reckless extension of the franchise to broader and broader classes of the population, an electorate has devolved in the United States which would make the Roman mob in the Coliseum seem like a gathering of distinguished, upright, and responsible citizens. Democracies tend to become senile faster than other forms of government through the process of extending the vote. This process, like giving candy to a baby, goes in only one direction, and that's down. But I believe that it's been a natural process in the United States, for the most part, based on intrinsic weaknesses in the democratic system rather than on deliberate sabotage.
But there has also been plenty of sabotage. Look at the crew around Clinton, for example. What a collection of camel faces! You'd think he was in the Knesset instead of the White House. In particular, every time Clinton blows up a pharmaceutical factory in some other country in order to divert the attention of the public from his zipper problems, the advisers and functionaries around him — his secretary of state and all of her assistant secretaries; his secretary
9
of defense; his national security adviser and his deputy national security adviser; his new ambassador to the United Nations; his policy advisers, headed by the Israeli agent Emanuel Rahm; his speechwriters; even his soon-to-be new press secretary — these people could more naturally carry on their deliberations in Yiddish than in English. There's hardly a Gentile among them. Actually, Clinton's former Gentile press secretary, Mike McCurry, will still be around for a few more weeks, but with his Jewish girlfriend Monica Lewinsky so much in the news these days, I guess he decided he needed to replace McCurry with a Jewish press secretary to explain the details of the relationship to the media. I mean, the environment around Clinton is so kosher that if someone from Mars landed on the White House lawn he would conclude that the U.S. population is 90 per cent Jews instead of just over two per cent.
And this all-too-visible domination of our government by Jews isn't even necessary from the Jews' point of view. They have a deathgrip on the country which they can maintain just as effectively from behind the scenes. They don't need all of those Jews out in plain sight, where someone other than a Martian might notice them and begin thinking.
The politicians in Washington express varying views on many different subjects. Some are in favor of unlimited abortion, and some are not. Some are in favor of bigger welfare checks for the drones, and some are not. Some are tree-cutters and polluters, while others will occasionally speak in favor of protecting the environment. Some are for so-called “gay rights,” and some are not. But there is not one of them who will oppose the Jews on anything at all; not one of them who will say out loud, “Hey, we have too many Jews in this government.”
And that's not a natural development. That's the result of a carefully planned and well organized campaign of subversion. We have a gang of politicians who always dance to the Jews' tune, no matter what tune the Jews choose to play, because the system has been subverted so that only such poli-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
Tracy Lambert
ticians can succeed in it. The Jews' tools for subversion have been the mass media of news and entertainment.
I talk about the Jewish control of the media often, but I'm sure that many people still don't believe what I say on that subject.
They can't bring
themselves to believe that in a country with so many newspapers, news magazines, radio stations, and television stations, all trying to make money by reporting the news, any small group of people can keep all these media under control; they can't believe that a minority making up only a little over two per cent of the population can censor the news tighdy enough to control what Joe and Jill Sixpack think; they can't believe that the Jews are able to use the media in such a disciplined way that they can change the outcome of any election.
Let me give you a very forceful example of Jewish media control which shows just how tight and how vicious that control is. On Monday, the 17th of August, two young, White women were murdered in Fayetteville, North Carolina, near Fort Bragg, the big Army base which is home to the 82nd Airborne Division. The murdered women were 18-year-old Tracy Lambert and 25-year-old Susan Moore, both of them remarkably pretty blondes.
Tracy and Susan were driving home after work, late at night.
On their way home they were abducted by a group of seven Blacks and mixed-race His-panics, all members and prospective members of a non-White gang known as the Crips. The prospective members had been assigned to murder one or more innocent persons as a gang initiation
rite. If they wanted to be full-fledged members of the Crips, they had to find and murder someone.
They found Tracy and Susan driving home in Susan's car. They abducted the girls by stopping the car and forcing their way in — what's known these days as a “car-jacking.” They locked the two White girls in the trunk of the car, drove them to a vacant field just outside Fort Bragg, made them kneel on the ground, and then, a little after three o'clock Monday morning, shot them in the head. The bullets which killed the girls and which were removed from their heads by the medical examiner had been painted with blue fingernail polish. Blue is the Crips' identifying color. The bodies were found by a farmer early in the morning, just four hours after they had been murdered.
Two of the gang members were arrested the next day in Myrde Beach, South Carolina, driving Susan's car and using Susan's cellular phone. The other five were arrested in the next two days. Two of the arrested gang members immediately confessed. All seven were arraigned on Thursday. This means the news media had
Susan Moore
Susan Moore’s husband and daughter
the whole story of these sensational, racially motivated gang murciers, with all of the lurid details, by Thursday, August 20. Stories began appearing in the Observer-Times, the local newspaper, and in a few other	local
papers near Fayetteville on Friday. And the story also was reported on the local television news program.
But that's all. The murders were not reported at all outside North Carolina. I've talked with people all around the country and asked them if they've heard anything about the murders, and none have. I'll wager that this broadcast is the first you've heard of these murders. Now, isn't that remarkable? That is disciplined censorship. No one in the mainstream media has broken ranks, even on such a sensational story. And it's not that they didn't know. The information was available on the Internet, to anyone who knew how to look for it, from the Fayetteville Observer-Times and other Fayetteville sources. But the word went out that these murders were , not to be reported outside North Carolina, and by God, they weren't.
Do you remember another racial killing which occurred in Fayetteville, a litde over two and a half years ago? I'm sure you do. A White soldier from Fort Bragg, James Burmeister, got tanked up on beer one night in December 1995, along with a couple of his buddies from the base. While in a mood of drunken belligerency Burmeister ran into a convicted Black drug dealer and the drug dealer's Black girlfriend in Fayetteville, and he shot them to death. He was arrested shortly afterward, and the case immedi-
1 1998 I National Vanguard Books I Box 3301 Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
11
Francisco “Paco" Carlos “Maurice” Frink Darryl Leonardo	Eric	“E”	Queen	Christiana	Shea	John	Thomas
Tirado	Tucker,	Jr.	Walters	Juarbe
The suspects in the murders of Tracy Lambert and Susan Moore
ately — immediately — became a cause celebre. It was a headlined story in the New York Times, the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, Time, Newsweek, and every other newspaper and newsmagazine in the country. It was on all of the national television news programs — all of them. The controlled media spread the story around the world with breathless haste. And they didn't drop it. They reported on it over and over and over again for months. Every little detail of the case which came out made new headlines all across America.
They found what they called “racist literature” in Burmeister's room, and that was big news too. No organization. No gang. No gang initiation. Just “racist literature.” But that was enough for Janet Reno to come onto television and announce that she was sending in the FBI. Bill Clinton was on television talking about the case and holding it up as a terrible example of “White racism.” And the professional hate merchants like Morris Dees. and his Southern Poverg Center, the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, the Simon Wiesenthal Center, and all of the other Jewish groups commented on the case endlessly. A race killing: how terrible! That's what we heard over and over again for more than a year. The Jewish organizations which are behind Clinton's plan for a non-White America in the coming decades — the Jews who scripted that plan for him — used the Burmeister shooting in Fayetteville as a propaganda club to make White Americans feel sheepish and keep their heads down. “See how awful White racism is?” they screamed at us; “see where it leads?”
But Tracy Lambert and Susan Moore? Forget them. They weren't convicted drug dealers, and they weren't Black. They were just two pretty, young White women trying to get home from work. And their killers weren't White. So they're not news. Actually, it's more than the fact that the murder of Tracy and Susan don't fit the pattern that the Jews have been promoting with the media for so long: the pattern of White racists and non-White victims. What has caused news of this case to be stifled is that it fits so perfecdy the opposite pattern: non-White murderers consistendy hunting down and killing White victims. Janet Reno won't be sending the FBI to Fayetteville for this hate crime. Bill Clinton won't be on television about it either. And except for those Americans who listen to American Dissident Voices or read Free Speech, people outside North Carolina won't even hear about it.
And this is not an oversight. This is deliberate. This is planned. The last thing in the world the Jewish media bosses want is for White Americans to hear about these murders, because it'll dawn on some of those White Americans that this is the sort of thing they can look forward to when America has a non-White majority a few decades hence. The Crips, after all, are spread all across the country. They are the biggest criminal gang in America. They are a lethal threat to unsuspecting White people everywhere. They will be an even bigger threat in the future. But that's all right. The Democrats need their votes.
Even in Fayetteville, where the media could hardly have kept quiet
about these murders, there has been no mention at all of the Burmeister shooting in connection with them, no drawing of parallels. That's such an obvious thing, contrasting these racial murders with Burmeister's shooting of the Black drug dealer and his girlfriend in 1995 in the same place, but it's clear that even the Fayetteville media are deliberately steering clear of making that connection. They don't want anybody thinking of these murders in racial terms. The image they have established in the minds of the lemmings is one of White racists, White haters, attacking poor, defenseless non-White victims, and they don't want reality to intrude on that image.
I don't want to overwork the story of diese August 17 Fayetteville murders. But I think that you'll agree with me that it's not an ordinary news story. It's not the sort of story that the media bosses decided wouldn't be interesting to the American people. It's not just another one of those ho-hum stories about Black criminality of the sort we have every day. It's an extraordinarily important story, a significant story, a story which provides the opportunity for all sorts of commentary and drawing all sorts of parallels, the sort of story which makes people think.
The media bosses understood that instandy. And with a nationwide criminal gang like the Crips behind these race murders in Fayetteville, it's the sort of story that the media have a responsibility to get to the people, in order to warn them of a very real and growing danger. And that's why the media bosses deliberately suppressed the story. They don't want to mess up the false image of White racists and
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
Black victims they have worked so long and hard to plant in the heads of the lemmings, of the couch pota-toes, of the Joe and Jill Sixpacks who vote in elections. They don't want the voters to think. They don't want them to know what's really happening in America. They don't want them to form their own opinions about things. The Jewish media bosses want to continue controlling public opin-ion and controlling the outcome of elections. They do that by suppressing stories like the Fayetteville murders.
So you see, a big part of America's decline is the consequence of deliberate Jewish subversion, deliberate Jewish sabotage. Through their media control the Jews do change the way Americans see the world. The
Jews do change public opinion. The Jews use their media control effectively enough to determine the outcome of elections. If they can hammer the story of James Burmeister's drunken shooting of a couple of Black low-lifes into the consciousness of every American and then successfully suppress the story of the coldblooded, initiation murder of Tracy and Susan by a Black gang, they can change the way Americans respond to the Jews' racial programs. They can persuade the lemmings to go along willingly with their plan for a non-White America: an America which they can control and exploit even more easily.
The total suppression of the news of the murder of Tracy and Susan is
an exceptionally convincing illustration of the power wielded by the Jewish media bosses and of the destructive way in which they use that power. And it should help us to understand not only why we have a clown at the head of our government — a clown completely surrounded by Jews — but also why we must have a full-scale revolution in America to clean things up.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Fayetteville Murders,” aired on August 29, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Russian Economy
Every few months for the past several years I have used this program to warn against the policy of economic globalization, which has been one of the Clinton administration's favorite policies. I pointed out the dangers for America in so-called “free trade.” In my past discussions of the subject I focused on America's loss of autonomy, which is an inevitable consequence of unrestricted international trade. That is, when one country is able to produce a class of products and sell them to another country cheaper than that other country can produce them for itself, the industry which produces that class of products will be driven out of existence in the second country. If that class of products is plastic hair curlers, for example, it doesn't matter. But if it's machine tools or some other product essential to an independent economy, the second country loses its autonomy.
In view of what's been happening around the world recendy, and the repercussions of those happenings on Wall Street, this is probably a good time to point out that when we allow our economy to become closely linked to the economies of less stable countries, then we lose not only our autonomy but also* our own economic stability.
The Russian ruble is in a steep decline and now buys even less than it did under communism.
It's absolutely crazy for the United States to develop strong economic linkages to countries in Asia or Latin America. Or perhaps I should say, it's treasonous. It's not even good policy to become economically dependent on countries like Russia.
The only situation in which any sort of close economic linkage with another country — such as “free trade” on any significant scale — makes sense is when there is a real community of interests. That is a fundamental and obvious truth, but it is completely ignored by the people pushing for globalization. In order for there to be a community of interests between two countries, in the first place their populations must be of the same race. Thus, it has been the sheerest folly to tie the U.S. economy to those of Asia and Latin America.
The basic industries which have been driven out of the United States because of competition from these non-White areas of the world, where wage scales are so different — our machine-tool industry, for example, and our consumer electronics industry — were essential to our autonomy. And now, with the collapsing economies in Asia and Mexico pulling our economy down with them, we can't simply disengage, because we no longer have autonomy.
With Russia we at least have racial similarity, but there are other reasons why too close an economic involvement with Russia is not good for us now. The most important of those reasons is the men who are now running Russia. The man out front, of course, is President Boris Yeltsin. But Yeltsin is, like Bill Clinton, a seriously flawed man: he's an alcoholic and a skirt-chaser. In fact, he is primarily a clown who also is a good actor, someone who can posture effectively for the television cameras and pull in the votes from the Russian masses. And because of his acting ability he has been strongly supported by the hard, sober men who for all practical purposes own Russia and tell Yeltsin what to do. Unfortunately, the majority of these men are Jews, and many also are gangsters, organized crime bosses.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
13
A few days ago MSNBC posted on the Internet a list of what it called “Russia's Robber Barons: the Twelve Men Who Own Russia's Economy,” along with brief biographical sketches of each of these newly made billionaires. It is interesting to note that none of these billionaires had as much as $10,000 to his name ten years ago. They all became enormously wealthy during the so-called “privatization” of the Russian economy after the collapse of communism at the beginning of this decade.
Of these 12 robber barons listed by MSNBC eight are Jews. Eight out of twelve. That is indeed remarkable in a country with only about one-half of one per cent Jews in its population. Not only that, but the Jews are con-standy whining in their media about how they're being “persecuted” in Russia. They own the country, and they whine to us about Russian “anti-Semitism.”
Of course, MSNBC won't tell you about the Jewishness of any of these robber barons. MSNBC calls them all “Russians.” But in fact, Boris Berezovsky, Vladimir Gusinsky, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, Vitali Malkin, Mikhail Fridman, Alexander Smolensky, Vladimir Vinogradov, and Anatoly Chubais are Jews, self-acknowledged Jews, bragged about as Jews in the Jewish community publications that we aren't supposed to see. One of the twelve, Vladimir Potanin, is actually a Russian, one is probably an Azerbaijani, and I haven't yet been able to determine the ethnicity of the remaining two. And I should add that although Anatoly Chubais considers himself a Jew, he's actually only half-Jewish.
Before MSNBC's list of twelve “robber barons” was posted, the Russians had their own list: the Seven Oligarchs they call them, all of them new billionaires who have backed Boris Yeltsin with money and media support The seven are the aforenamed Boris Berezovsky, Vladimir Gusinsky, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, Mikhail Fridman, Alexander Smolensky, and Pyotr Aven, who is also a Jew, and the Russian Vladimir Potanin. That's six Jewish oligarchs and one Russian.
Let me tell you how this bizarre and very dangerous situation came about. When the Bolsheviks overthrew the Russian government in 1917, murdered the Czar and his family, and formed the Soviet Union, there was an extraordinarily high quota of Jews among the communist revolutionaries who formed the Soviet government. Lenin, who was himself only a quarter Russian, had surrounded himself with Jews from the beginning. Lenin's chief financier during the revolutionary period was the Jew Israel Lazarevich Helphand, who used the pseudonym “Parvus.” Lenin's right-hand man was the Jew Grigory Apfelbaum, who used the name “Zinoviev.” After the revolution the Jew Lev Bronstein, who used the name “Trotsky,” became the commissar of the Red Army. The Jew Maxim Litvinov became the best-known Soviet diplomat and the ambassador to Britain. Jews were very thick in Lenin's secret police and in every other branch of his communist government. After Lenin's stroke incapacitated him in 1922, the government was run by a coalition of three communists: Stalin, Zinoviev, and Leo Rosenfelt, who used the Russian-sounding name “Kamenev.” Although Stalin, who was a Georgian, was surrounded by Jews almost to the extent Lenin had been, he managed to play the Jews off against each other. He outmaneuvered Zinoviev, Kamenev, Trotsky, and all the rest and
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky
eventually came out on top. It undoubtedly was to his advantage during this power struggle that the Russian people detested the Jews, from centuries of bitter experience with them.
Before Stalin became the undisputed boss of the Kremlin, the Jews had pretty well monopolized the entire Soviet bureaucracy, and even though Stalin began thinning them out a bit in the late 1930s, the Second World War came along before he had time to do much. And before he got around to continuing his program of de-Judaizing the Soviet bureaucracy after the war, he died — with a litde help from his right-hand Jew, Lazar Kaganovich, who later bragged that he had saved the Jews by poisoning Stalin. So the Soviet bureaucracy remained heavily loaded with Jews right up until the collapse of communism — although they tried not to be too conspicuous — usually occupying the second-rank positions, where they wouldn't be so visible.
During the communist period Jews monopolized not only the Soviet government but also organized crime: black market operations, illegal currency transactions, large-scale theft of public property. Undoubtedly the Jewish organized-crime bosses had intelligence, organizational skills, and perhaps more of a nose for money than their Russian counterparts, but what gave them their real advantage over the Russians was collaboration from their fellow Jews inside the government. Knowing what the secret police knew and what the secret police planned to do provided a real edge for the Jewish gang bosses.
Several very informative books on Jewish organized crime in the Soviet Union during the communist period are available. Two that I've read are Hustling on Gorky Street by Yuri Brokhin and USSR: the Corrupt Society by Konstantin Simis. Both authors, by the way, are Soviet Jews.
Communism collapsed when the communists had bled dry the countries they were ruling and there was no more blood to suck. What would have been most beneficial then would have been the violent overthrow of the various communist regimes by the exploited Russians, Poles, Hungari-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
ans, Bulgarians, and so on, with a general massacre of the communists and their collaborators by the people. This also would have amounted to an ethnic cleansing of eastern Europe, putting a final end to Jewish mischief there. But instead, what happened nearly everywhere was that the communists realized the game was up, and they simply switched hats, declaring themselves “democrats” instead of communists. In many cases the same people continued to hold the same jobs in the government that they'd held before — and they continued to collaborate with the same people outside the government that they'd collaborated with as communists.
So when the “privatization” of the communist economies took place
—	that is, the sale of factories, mines, refineries, and other government-run enterprises to private entrepreneurs
—	much of the wealth of each country suddenly appeared in Jewish hands. In Russia, for example, instead of giving groups of Russian workers an opportunity to buy shares in the factories where they worked, bureaucrats in many cases arranged “sweetheart” deals with people outside the government they already had been collaborating with. These collaborators got to buy big chunks of the Russian economy at bargain-basement prices. That's how virtually all of Russia's new billionaires — and many of Russia's new millionaires as well — got their start in this decade. And that's why at least two-thirds of these new billionaires are Jews — at least two-thirds — in a country where the Jews make up only half a per cent of the population. Jews are smart and often are clever businessmen, but in Russia it has been crookedness rather than business efficiency which has led to their sudden success in the post-communist era.
They virtually stole Russia from the Russians.
And because organized crime already was in the hands of the Jews, many of Russia's new Jewish businessmen also are gang-
sters. Jewish billionaire Boris Berezovsky has been described by Forbes magazine as the godfather of Jewish organized crime in Russia. He speeds around Moscow in an armored limousine accompanied by an army of bodyguards. He has survived several assassination attempts and is said to be responsible for the “disappearance” of several of his business rivals. Berezovsky certainly seems to be the Jew who has the strongest grip on Boris Yeltsin. He likes to boast that he's the man who got Yeltsin elected to the presidency. Actually all of the Jews in Russia supported Yeltsin. The Jews in the United States did too. Yeltsin plays a role in Russia similar to the role played in America by Clinton.
After Yeltsin's second election in 1996 he appointed Berezovsky to the National Security Council, which supervises Russia's military and police organizations. When it became public knowledge that Berezovsky is an Israeli citizen, however, Yeltsin was obliged to dismiss him. Russian patriots were outraged that an Israeli citizen should be in charge of Russia's national security. Jews, of course, complained that “Russian anti-Semitism” was responsible for Berezovsky's dismissal.
One might ask, how do the Jews get away with it? Why do the Russian people tolerate them? And the answer is that they get away with it in Russia the same way they get away with it in America: they control the news and entertainment media, and with this media control they not only swing elections to whichever candidate best suits them, but they also keep most of the ordinary citizens distracted, confused, and hypnotized. Berezovsky,
for example, controls Russia's biggest television network, ORT, as well as a number of newspapers and magazines. Vladimir Gusinsky, who also is the president of the Russian Jewish Congress — and like Berezovsky an Israeli citizen — owns Russia's second-largest television network and a number of newspapers and magazines, as well as one of Russia's largest banks. When Jews buy control of the mass media, they always have more than just making money in mind.
I don't mean to lead you to believe that the Jews control everything in Russia. In addition to the Jews there are many Russian criminals in organized crime in Russia, for example. The thug who comes by your shop to collect the weekly “protection” payment from you — and to smash your shop window if you don't have it — is more likely to be a Russian than a Jew. But the man who pays the thug to come by your shop is more likely to be a Jew than a Russian. Jews control the rackets, and it is Jewish influence which prevents the Russian government from cracking down on organized crime.
Organized crime by itself takes a huge toll on the Russian economy. Crime is an unproductive activity, and it operates on an enormous scale in Russia. And because so many of Russia's new Jewish businessmen also are involved in organized crime, business in Russia tends to be even more predatory than it is in the West. The concept of serving the community or serving the nation with their business activity is completely alien to these Jewish businessmen. Their only aim is to acquire as much money and power as they possibly can as quickly as they can. Not only do they have no patriotic feeling at all toward Russia, but they are positively hostile to any expression of patriotism by the real Russians. This sort of business attitude, the sort of business climate associated with this attitude, does not result in a really stable economy, of course. The irresponsible and unpatriotic attitudes and business
Alexander
Smolensky
Jewish
Vladimir
Vinogradov
Jewish
Anatoly Chubais Jewish
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 1998
15
practices of Russia's Jewish tycoons are the main reason for Russia's present economic collapse.
Unlike the situation in the United States, where every major politician is Politically Correct and every element of the mass media toes the party line, in Russia there are political leaders who do speak out against the Jews, and there are general circulation publications which do criticize them. Some journalists, for instance, like to refer to Boris Berezovsky using his patronymic — that is, his middle name — which is Abramovich. They call him Boris Abramovich. They do this not only to embarrass and irritate Berezovsky, but to remind the Russian people that he is a Jew, a zhid, not a Russian.
In one way Russia has an advantage over the United States, and that is that the Russian people are much less comfortable. While Jewish billionaires and millionaires buzz around Moscow in their armored limousines flashing their diamonds and fors, most ordinary Russians have a hard time putting enough on the table to eat. The recent devaluation of the ruble and the run on Russia's banks is making things even harder on the Russians, and it may be that not even the Jews' control of the television networks will suffice to save them from the well-deserved wrath of the Russian people.
And that's the whole reason behind Mr. Clinton's recent trip to the Kremlin to hold Mr. Yeltsin's hand. The people who sent Clinton to Moscow don't care at all about the welfare of the Russian people. But
they are worried that if the Russian economy gets much worse, the Russian people may take it out on Berezovsky, Gusinsky, and the rest.
And that, of course, is exactly why it is not in our interest to bail out the Russian economy. What Russia needs is a cure for its long-term problem, not another Band-Aid. And the only thing which will cure Russia is a thorough program of ethnic cleansing, which leaves Boris Abramovich and all of his fellow tribesmen hanging from lampposts all over Russia: an ethnic cleansing which is sudden and sharp and absolutely thorough. That is what is in our long-term interest: a Russia under the control of the Russian people again — our people — after more than 80 years of alien domination.
The Russian people are, like the American people, quite passive by nature. It takes a lot to rouse them to do the difficult things they need to do — but the more uncomfortable they become, the more likely they are to take action. Let's not help the thieves who have stolen Russia stay in power by propping up the Russian economy.
You know, some people who want us to keep Berezovsky and his pals in power warn us that if we don't prop up Boris Yeltsin and the Russian economy, the communists will take over again. That may be so. And you know what I think about communists. I believe that they all should be shot. But it will be better for the Russian people — and for us — for the Communist Party to regain power in Russia than for the crowd around Yeltsin to keep power.
Communism is based on two fundamental errors: it assumes that people are all born basically the same
—	that is, communism is egalitarian — and it stifles the great driving force of every healthy economy, which is the quest for private gain. And because it is based on error it certainly is not a system that we want to impose on any of our people, in Russia or elsewhere. But the people around Yeltsin — the robber barons, the oligarchs — are eating Russia alive, and even communism, so long as it is Russian communism and not Jewish communism, is better than continued rule by Jewish plutocrats.
It is interesting to note that even the Russian patriots, the Russian nationalists, agree with me on this matter. They are willing to make an alliance — at least a temporary alliance
—	with the communists in order to get the bloodsucking, culture-destroying Jews off Russia's back. Ultimately, of course, we want to see genuine nationalists guiding our people everywhere. If the Russians become hungry enough and exasperated enough to break the grip of the Abramoviches, perhaps similar developments will follow in Bulgaria, Hungary, and the other countries where Jewish Bolsheviks were permitted to simply change hats and declare themselves “democrats” a few years ago when it became unsafe for diem to continue wearing their communist hats.
But it really will take a nationalist revolution in Russia to bring that about, and we don't want to do anything to discourage that. Meanwhile, I hope my comments today have helped you understand a little better what is behind Mr. Clinton's recent trip to the Kremlin.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Russian Economy, and Bill Clinton,” aired on September 5, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Vladimir Gusinsky Jewish
Mikhail
Khodorkovsky
Jewish
Mikhail Fridman Jewish
Vladimir Potanin Russian

© 1998 | National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year