FREE SPEECH • JUNE 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. VI
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FI
EECff<
■HfiKi
Dr. William Pierce


Cowardice anda
Dr, William Pierce


Organizatsiya
Dr, William Herd
The School Problem
The education of America's children is a matter of continuing controversy and anguish for many Americans, including a majority of White parents with school-age children. Americans are unhappy about the level of violence in the schools, which keeps going up, and the educational standards, which keep going down. Parents are increasingly concerned that their children are not safe in public schools, and just about every responsible White adult is concerned about the failure of America's schools to educate young Americans well enough to keep America technologically and economically competitive in an increasingly competitive world.
Now the politicians are arguing with one another about
how to solve these problems — well, not so much about how to solve the problems as how to convince the pub-
lic that they care, that they feel the parents' pain, and that they want to help. Bill Clinton wants to demonstrate that he cares by spending $25 billion to build “better” schools and add more facilities. His proposal gives him an opportunity to attack Republicans who don't support his spending proposal as being uncaring.
For their part, the Republicans are enthusiastic about various schemes which permit students to opt out of the public schools and attend either private schools or so-called charter schools, which are an increasingly trendy variation of the traditional public schools. These Republican programs generally involve tax credits, vouchers, or other financial assistance to encourage private schools or
Egalitarians demand that everyone achieve equally. Since less capable students cannot be made highly capable, highly capable students are made less capable. Thus, something closer to “equality” is achieved.
2
FREE SPEECH for June
1998
Traditionally, schools pass on a people’s achievements, heroes, and legends, as well as their cultural, intellectual, and spiritual heritage.
charter schools and make it feasible for more parents to choose them for their children. Mr. Clinton and many Democrats attack the Republican pro-grams as providing more help to middle-class Whites than to working-class Blacks and as undermining the viability of the public schools by draining off the brighter and better motivated White students, leaving only the non-White and the less-educable White students in the public schools.
Actually, the question of what to do about America's school problem becomes very complicated if one looks at it from the viewpoint of a reformer and considers the pros and cons of the various programs that are being debated today. In this discussion I will simplify the question quite a bit by looking at it from the viewpoint of a revolutionary rather than a reformer. Despite this simplification, perhaps you will find some new and
worthwhile insights in what I have to say. And the first thing I will say is that the question of educational quality in America is much more than a question of economics, national prestige, or children's safety. It is a question of national survival — and much more important, of racial survival. Our failure to understand this last point fully and to make it the basis of America's educational policy is at the root of our problems today.
To get back to basics, let's remind ourselves of the three fundamental purposes schools have had in traditional European societies. First, schools pass on a people's cultural, intellectual, and spiritual heritage from one generation to the next. By teaching to children the language, literature, history, and traditions of a people — by teaching children about their people's heroes and legends and achievements and mores — the
schools help to assure cultural continuity, among other things. And they provide a sense of racial and cultural identity. They enable a child to define himself relative to his people and to the rest of the world.
Second, schools teach technique: they help children acquire the knowledge and skills needed for them to become productive and self-supporting members of their society, whether those skills are welding, computer programming, accounting, or household management. They teach the child or the young adult techniques which will be useful to him or to society: how to play a musical instrument, how to type, how to repair a motor vehicle, how to fight with and without weapons, how to draw, how to swim, how to raise children, how to grow food, how to build a house.
And third, schools train and develop character in children, so that
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
they will grow up to he the strongest and most valuable citizens that their genetic inheritance allows. The schools challenge, test, and condition children; they force the child to exercise his will, to discipline himself, to endure discomfort, to make plans and carry them out, to overcome fears, to accept responsibility, to learn the consequences of failure, to he truthful, to act honorably, and generally to develop and strengthen those traits of character valued by his society.
So, cultural continuity, the teaching of techniques, and building character: those are the three fundamental purposes of our schools — or rather those ought to be the purposes of our schools.
Unfortunately, the American educational system today completely neglects the third purpose and does rather poorly with the first two. Take cultural continuity, for example. How can the schools serve this purpose well when they cannot even answer the question as to whose culture is to he passed on to the next generation? In I society trying very hard to be multicultural the question is really not Politically Correct.
I must say that some of the new charter schools set up for Black students are serving this purpose much better than any White schools. Some of these Black charter schools are thoroughly Afrocentric, and they at least give the young Blacks a strong sense of identity, if nothing else. In the April 27, 1998, issue of US. News & World Report there's a picture of a classroom in one of these schools, the Black children all dressed in traditional African garb and pledging their allegiance to their fellow Africans with a clenched-fist salute. If a White school tried with equal fervor to instill a sense of European racial consciousness in its students, the Clinton government would be all over the school with subpoenas in a minute. But really, only a school which is racially and culturally homogeneous can serve the purpose of insuring cultural continuity. Furthermore, there must he the conscious will to serve that purpose, along with pride and a lack of fear.
The current multicultural curriculum of America's mainstream public schools, which treats all cultures as
FREE SPEECH lor lime 1998
Whites may laugh at the made-up culture represented by Kwanzaa Christmas tree ornaments, but at least an Afrocentric curriculum gives Black children a feeling of belonging and pride. This Is more than any current curriculum does for White children.
equally relevant and tries to teach every student a little of each, results in all of the students learning virtually nothing, since they cannot relate strongly to what is being taught, and only superficialities are covered.
Teaching techniques is probably the thing that American schools do best, but even there we've slipped badly. It used to be that we weren't afraid to recognize the differences in people. We understood that some people would grow up to be welders, construction workers, or farmers; and some would be mathematicians, poets, or rocket scientists. We also understood that shop courses made more sense for hoys than for girls, and that girls needed home economics courses more than boys did. Today, it is not Politically Correct to recognize such differences; everyone must fit the same egalitarian mold. Consequently, we don't teach anything as well as we used to.
I've brushed on two of the causes of the declining quality of America's schools? multiculturalism and egalitarianism. There's more to both of these causes. Multiculturalism is not just an educational theory which assigns equal value and relevance to every cul-
3
ture and thereby makes it impossible to teach any culture effectively; it also is a policy of mixing people ol all cultures and races together for the sake of “diversity.” This is by far the single greatest cause of violence and disorder in our schools. While the politicians launch one program after another to keep guns, drugs, and gangs out of the schools, they will not face the real problem of which guns, drugs, and gangs are only symptoms, because it is a racial problem, and they are more terrified of being accused of being racists since they feel this will threaten their careers.
When America's schools were racially segregated, the White schools had no problem with drugs, gangs, or schoolyard shootings. When Blacks, with their much lower capacity for self-control and their traditionally more disorderly and violent behavior, were integrated into our schools they brought the problems of their own community with them. Now even White kids are shooting each other in the schools, just as they are now using drugs and adopting other elements of non-White behavior.
I'll say that again because most White people have been so “sensitized,” so brainwashed, by the controlled media that they have a hard time dealing with racial realities. They know that Blacks, mestizos, and other non-Whites are a big part of what's wrong with America's schools, and when they look for safer schools for their children they instinctively look for Whiter schools — but they're afraid even to admit that to themselves.
So I'll say it: Behavior patterns are different for young Blacks than they are for young Whites, and in part these differences in behavior are rooted in heredity, so they don't disappear when Blacks and Whites are mixed together. Blacks may change their behavior slightly toward White norms, but White behavior also shifts toward Black norms, and the result is more violent, more dangerous, and less orderly schools. That's a fact of life, and White parents need to recognize it anil deal with it without fear.
Black students also are substantially less capable, on the average, than White students at dealing with
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Hox 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
New school buildings and new equipment are nice, but they are not essential to getting a good education. And they certainly do not assure a quality education in and of themselves. These children in an all White public school in Alabama during the 1930's probably got a better education than the White children going to the largely Black public schools there today.
traditional school curricula. This has been a source of great anguish to the egalitarians, and they have tried to cope with it by changing the curricula and lowering the standards. These changes haven’t brought Black performance much closer to White performance, but they have lowered the performance for Whites. This again is something that most White parents understand but are afraid to admit.
There's one other important cause for what's wrong with America's schools, and it's not related direcdy to race. This other cause is the growing influence of feminism on educational theory and practice. I believe we all understand that men and women have different ways of seeing the world and dealing with it. Evolution has made the sexes different For millions of years men have had the task of hunting and killing the supper, bringing it home, and driving the wolf from the door. The woman has had the task of making the cave into a home and taking care of the children.
The traditional difference in responsibilities of the two sexes are the results of real differences: differences in the way man and women see things and the way they do things.
And ever since we have had schools, men have made the decisions about how the schools were to be organized and how the children in them were to be taught Even though women were teachers, educational policy was made by men — until this century, that is: really, until after the Second World War. For the past 50 years or so, however, feminists have been gaining influence in the educational establishment and changing educational policy to suit themselves. To the feminists, male educational policy is bad policy. To many of them, in fact, it is bad simply because it is male, and they have set out to change that. They have been working to bring educational policy into line with the female way of looking at the world and dealing with it
To feminists, discipline and competition are male and bad. They
should be replaced by permissiveness and cooperation, which are female. Strict rules are not good, nor are absolutes of any sort. Students should be permitted to study whatever they want to study rather than being required to learn a certain standard body of facts and techniques decided on by educators. When problems or difficulties arise, they should be dealt with by talking, not by the application of rules. Giving students numerical grades is bad, because it encourages competition and it hurts the selfesteem of those who don't do well. Being able to talk about something is more important than being able to analyze it. Analysis is too masculine.
Now, this feminist view of things is a bit over-simplified. Not all women are anti-analytical or opposed to discipline. But the feminists have seized on the very real differences between the male and the female approaches to education, they have magnified these differences, and they have worked hard and effectively to substitute their approach for the traditional male approach. To a large extent the feminists have succeeded in this, and that helps to explain why America's schools are what they are today.
The multiculturalism of the schools prevents their passing on our European culture and identity to the next generation. Egalitarianism and feminist influence have wrecked our standards, undermined discipline, and corrupted our curricula, so that we do not even teach techniques well. And feminism, in particular, has totally nullified the schools' traditional task of character building.
In view of these things, Bill Clinton's program of spending $25 billion for new schools and facilities is worthless: new school buildings are nice, but they have very little to do with the quality of education. Good education doesn't need a lot of glass and marble, a new gymnasium, or even a lot of computers. It needs good teachers and a good learning environment and discipline and a sound educational policy. One can learn as well in an unused warehouse or a tent as in the shiniest new multimillion-dollar school, if one has a disciplined environment, a good curriculum, and good teachers.
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
5
The Republican programs which aim at letting parents send their children to charter schools or private schools have the advantage of providing a safer environment — and in some cases also a more disciplined environment with higher standards and better curricula — than the public schools, but they all dodge the important questions. We ought to fix what's wrong with our public schools instead of simply abandoning them. But of course, we can't fix the public schools until we are willing to face the real issues and deal with them. And we will not face these real issues and deal with them short of a total revolution — because it is clear, I believe, that the majority of the White population have no stomach for it. They have been so strongly conditioned by the controlled mass media — so brainwashed — that they simply are no longer capable of challenging the Politically Correct policies on race, equality, and feminism. They are not only confused about these issues, they are terrified of them. Their fear makes cowards of them, and it makes them dishonest
I'll give you an example of this by citing something which happened in one of our state universities recently. Our colleges and universities are experiencing exacdy the same problems which have wrecked our public
schools, and the causes of the problems are the same. Last month, at Southwest Texas State University, in San Marcos, Texas, three Black football players were arrested for raping two White female students in one of the dormitories. This sort of thing happens at our multicultural universities all too often these days, and the usual reaction of the media and the university administration is to hush it up. Their excuse for this is that they don't want to increase “racial tensions.” In the Southwest Texas State University rapes there was a slip-up, however, and somehow the mug shots of the accused Black rapists were printed in the newspaper. The local NAACP was offended by this revelation and issued a statement to the effect that the White girls who were raped had brought it on themselves. The NAACP then raised the usual smokescreen with a lot of blather about “racist” policies against Blacks at the university.
Members of my organization, the National Alliance, who are students at the neighboring University of Texas campus in Austin, responded to this outrageous NAACP statement by distributing an e-mail message to students and faculty at Southwest Texas State University in which the attitude of the NAACP was condemned and in which it was pointed out that the
rape of White women by Blacks is a growing problem on our campuses. This started a growing campus discussion about the rapes, about the NAACP's blaming the girls instead of the rapists, about our response to the NAACP, and about race generally. Black groups organized a public demonstration on the campus to protest what they saw as an unfriendly atmosphere for Blacks, and many White liberals attended the demonstration. The university administration and the local media could only wring their hands, reaffirm their full commitment to Political Correctness, and wish the “racial tensions” would go away.
In healthier times the whole issue would have been setded very quickly with the lynching of three Blade rapists. Of course, in healthier times there would have been no rapes, because there would have been no Black football players on the campus. It's clear that we have a long way to go to restore health to our schools.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The School Problem,” aired on May 2, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Lesson of Africa
Another White farmer in South Africa was murdered a few days ago. He was 65-year-old Daniel Marais. His wife Maria managed to escape from their farm near Bloemfontein and run three miles with their grandchild to a neighboring farm, after she had been assaulted by a Black. Mr. Marais however was too badly wounded by the Black attacker to escape, and he died on his farm.
Two weeks ago Blacks invaded the Van Niekerk farm near Witbank. They beat 71-year-old Gerhardus Van Niekerk on the face and head with a metal rod until they thought he was dead, then shot him in the face. Van Niekirk lost a lot of blood, but he survived the attack. He was one of a lucky few. Most don't survive.
A few days before the Van Niekerk attack, a gang of Blacks descended on the farm of 65-year-old Don Delafield and his 52-year-old wife Verina, 80 miles from Johannesburg. The White farmer and his wife were tied up, tortured savagely, and then butchered by the Blacks. A note left at the scene identified the murderers as members of the Azanian Peoples Liberation Army, the military wing of the Pan-Africanist Congress.
Twenty White farmers and members of their families have been murdered in South Africa in the past six weeks. That's about the same rate at which White farmers and their families were murdered by Blacks in South Africa during 1997. If that were happening to White farm families in
the United States at a proportional rate, it would be 100 farm families a week being murdered — a major problem indeed.
White formers in South Africa are very alarmed about the murders, of course, so they've sent several delegations to Nelson Mandela and other government officials to demand that something be done. They're not getting much satisfaction from the government, however. The government says that its hands already are full trying to deal with the crime situation in South Africa, and that it can't spare any additional policemen to investigate the attacks on White forms. Robbery, rape, and murder have soared since the Whites of South Africa voted to turn their country over to Black rule four years ago.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
White farmers are convinced that the attacks on them are more than a simple matter of crime. If the Blacks attacking their farms merely had robbery in mind, it would not be necessary to torture and kill their White victims. The Whites believe that the aim of the Black gangs is terrorism, and the note left at the scene of the Delafield murders supports their belief. The White farmers also note that the farmers who have been murdered were in many cases those who had been well known for their generosity to their Black workers. They suspect that die aim of the murderers is to drive the White farmers out of South Africa, and so the terrorists are striking preferentially at the Whites who have good relations with Blacks.
Mandela's government doesn't want the White farmers driven out, because it would be an economic catastrophe for South Africa. The White farmers produce nearly all of South Africa's food and much of its foreign exchange. But many Blacks are more concerned with grabbing White wealth now than they are with the prosperity of the country later. In addition, the idea of forcing the Whites out appeals to many Blacks at an emotional level. Being dependent on the productivity of White farmers is galling to Blacks, and they are more inclined to kill the goose now than to continue collecting the golden eggs.
If the murder of White form families continues at the rate of the past 18 months, the terrorists undoubtedly will succeed. And there is little chance that the Mandela government or any Black successor government will be able to stop the killings; the government of South Africa becomes more chaotic, corrupt, and inefficient by the month. If it can do nothing to control the crime in Johannesburg, it is unlikely to have much influence on terrorism in the countryside.
The really disappointing aspect to all of this is that it should have been foreseen. The Whites of South Africa voted themselves into their present situation, when they agreed to let Blacks participate in their elections in 1994. They folded up under the pressure of being called bad names by the Jewish media and being told by their preachers that Jesus was angry at them
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
A South African farmer during happier times
because of apartheid. They were so eager to be in the good graces of Jesus, the Jews, and the “international community” that they took leave of their senses and handed their government over to Nelson Mandela and his fellow Black terrorists on a silver platter. They believed the assurances of the media and the bought politicians that everything would work out for the best if they let the Blacks run South Africa.
That's really incredible, considering what they knew about Black behavior in the rest of Africa. Consider Kolwezi, for example. Whites in America won't have heard of Kolwezi, of course, because the Jewish media kept pretty quiet about it over here. It's the sort of thing the Jews thought it better for us not to hear about, and so after a few sketchy news reports they blacked it out and never mentioned it again. But they couldn't keep it from the South Africans, who were much more attuned to what was happening in Africa than we were.
Kolwezi was a mining town in the Shaba province of what was known 20 years ago as Zaire. Before that it was known as the Belgian Congo, and today, under the rule of its latest African strongman it is known as the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Belgians had turned their colony over to Black rule in 1960, as part of the general decolonization process which accompanied the egalitarian craze following the Second World War. A deranged Black Marxist ideologue, Patrice Lumumba, presided over the transition to Black rule of the Congo, and the killing and rape of Whites began almost immediately.
Most of the Whites in the Congo weren't natives, as in South Africa. They were Belgian administrators and technicians and mining engineers, along with a few Christian missionaries, doctors, and nurses. Many of the longer-term White residents had their families with them. In 1964, when one of the Black factions struggling for control of the Congo captured Stanleyville, an administrative center with a population of about 25,000 where more than 2,000 Whites were living, the rapes and murders of Whites flared up again. Belgian paratroopers had to capture Stanleyville in order to rescue the terrified White survivors. Most Americans heard briefly about that at the time, but the news certainly wasn't emphasized, and so we quickly forgot about it. The South Africans didn't forget, though.
Then in May 1978, while the Congo was temporarily going by the name Zaire, a Black tribal faction that was at odds with the central government moved into Kolwezi. Kolwezi, a town of about 20,000 inhabitants at the time in the southeastern part of the country, was a local center for the copper and cobalt mining in the area, and a number of White engineers and technicians were there, some with their wives and children. The Blacks who were opposed to the central government saw the White minority in Kolwezi as supporters of the central government, because it was the Whites who were keeping the mines running. Actually, the Whites were on neither side of die conflict. They were there simply to do a job, and they didn't concern themselves much with Black politics, but the fact that
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
7
their activity in operating the mines was keeping the central government afloat was all the excuse the Black rebels needed to kill them. And of course, the Blacks went about killing the Whites in a typically Black fashion, with lots of gang-raping and mutilation. White women had their breasts hacked off with machetes. Little White girls were literally raped to death by long lines of grinning Blacks, while their parents were forced at gunpoint to watch. Little White boys had their bellies slit open and their entrails pulled out. Altogether 160 Whites were butchered in Kolwezi. Even though that was in 1978, it made enough of an impression on White South Africans that they shouldn't have forgotten it by
1994.
And if Stanleyville and Kolwezi weren't enough, there were plenty of other instructive examples for the White South Africans. There was what happened in Angola in 1961, when Portuguese colonists were butchered in a terror campaign so terrible that I cannot discuss the details on this program. It is perhaps more difficult to sympathize with the Portuguese than with the Belgians, because many of the Portuguese had, as we say, “gone native.” They didn't keep themselves separate enough from the Blacks around them. Some had even taken Black wives and had mulatto children. Race-mixing wasn't as abhorrent to the Portuguese as to other Europeans in Africa. Nevertheless, what die Blacks did to the Portuguese, even those with non-White family members, was as bloody and cruel as anything done to other Europeans in Africa.
The Whites of Rhodesia, South Africa's neighbor, certainly didn't mix with the Blacks in their country. The Whites of Rhodesia not only maintained their dignity and pride as Europeans, but they did a very creditable job of keeping their Blacks under control. Even the Rhodesian farmers, whose farms often were isolated and many miles from their nearest neighbors, were quite successful at dealing with Black terrorists. In Rhodesia the Blacks struck at the easiest White targets, and these were the Christian missionary stations. Various Christian churches had set up missionary
pr SHALOM A* % WHOLESALERS
i	108 President Street
' Birmingham House, Johannesburg
Tel: (01 A»-2081 Cell appj&50(i9 GRAND q^mKmPEClAlS DIRECT	TO
Men's linen wp Men's striped^ Ladies' Dresses
now
Attracted by South Africa’s mineral wealth, Jews have long had a dominant role in South Africa.
stations throughout Rhodesia for the purpose of converting the Blacks to Christianity, and these stations usually had schools and clinics associated with them. They were unarmed. When Black terrorists would descend on one of these missionary stations they would rape and butcher all of the Whites they could get their hands on. This happened over and over again, and the South Africans heard all of the grisly details every time.
Nevertheless, the White South African government betrayed the White Rhodesians in 1976 by joining the United Nations embargo against Rhodesia and cutting off Rhodesia's supply of helicopters and other weapons. This move forced the Rhodesians to capitulate to the Blacks, and their country, now called Zimbabwe, is ruled by one of the former Black terrorist leaders, who is now a de facto “president for life” and has announced a plan to seize the land of the White farmers who remain in the country.
The South Africans betrayed the Rhodesians in 1976 in part because the Jews of South Africa always have had a strong influence on the South African government through their media control and their money. Harry Oppenheimer, with his vast holdings in diamonds, gold, and other minerals, had more money with which to
corrupt politicians than anyone else in South Africa. And the Jews, of course, were as implacably hostile to the Whites of Rhodesia as they have been to other Whites everywhere and at all times.
And in part the White South Africans betrayed the Rhodesians because they thought that by throwing their White neighbors to the wolves they could buy time for themselves. As it turned out it wasn't much time: just 18 years. During those 18 years they really should have been paying more attention to what was happening in other parts of Africa. The fact that they learned nothing from the examples of Angola, Stanleyville, Kolwezi, and the Christian missions in Rhodesia should be instructive to us.
I talked with several South Africans before 1994. None were in favor of surrendering their country to the Blacks, but they had some very strange notions about what Black rule would mean. They thought that because the Blacks of South Africa had a standard of living so much higher than Blacks anywhere else in Africa they wouldn't do anything to jeopardize that. Blacks might engage in terrorism in Angola and Zaire — those are very primitive countries, and die Blacks diere are savages — but the Blacks in South Africa are better educated and better treated than elsewhere. Blacks, these White South Africans told me, are like children. They can't run a modern country like South Africa by themselves. They need the Whites to keep things going for them, and the Whites will be able to control them, just as they have for the past 400 years.
These White South Africans that I spoke with were very civilized, very comfortable people. They all had Black servants back home. I think that they just couldn't deal with the idea of a South Africa without Blacks: a South Africa in which Whites would take care of their own children, clean their own toilets, cook their own meals, cut their own grass, take out their own garbage, and take in their belts enough to cope widi any economic pressure applied to them by the rest of the world. It's too bad diey weren't a litde less civilized and a litde less comfortable. Perhaps they'd still have their own country today. Perhaps
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
A young Belgian girl who was gang-raped being rescued by Belgian paratroopers.
they wouldn't be reading in their newspapers every week about three or four more White farm families butchered by Black terrorists. Perhaps they wouldn't have to be wondering if there is anywhere to immigrate to.
Perhaps 1 shouldn't be so hard on them. Certainly, they did an enormously foolish and shameful thing in
giving up their country without a fight — but are we Americans any less foolish? Think how many White Americans there are who believe that we'll all continue to live together as happy consumers and television viewers, regardless of race, color, or creed, when America has a non-White majority around the middle of the
next century. Our Blacks, they believe, are much more civilized than those Blacks who are butchering
o
White farm families in South Africa.
Or rather, that's what they'd believe if the controlled news media told them about what's happening in South Africa. White Americans have never given any evidence of being more intelligent, more independent minded, more courageous, or more morally upright than South Africans, so why should we expect Americans to make better use than the South Africans did of the knowledge of what to expect under non-White rule, if the Jewish media let them have that knowledge?
But three White farmers a week — or 100 a week — being murdered by Black terrorists in South Africa isn't news that fits. Much better to restrict the news from Africa to scenes of Mr. Clinton hugging happy Blacks.
Perhaps we can learn from the example of the South Africans. Of course, when I say “we” I don't mean White Americans as a whole. Since White South Africans as a whole didn't learn a thing from the example of the Portuguese, the Belgians, and the Rhodesians, I don't expect Americans to do any better. But perhaps some of us can learn a few things.
One of those things is that we really need to find a better way than mass democracy for governing ourselves. We've been fed a lot of egalitarian baloney about people all being pretty much the same, and so we tend to assume that since we can look at facts and make rational decisions, everyone else can. But most people cannot. Most people are not rational and can be manipulated by playing on their fears and desires, the way the majority of South African Whites were manipulated by the media and the churches in their country in 1994. The South Africans didn't want the situation they have today, but they let themselves be bullied, lied, and tricked into it. If only hard-headed and rational South African Whites had been permitted to vote in 1994, South Africa still would be a White-ruled country today: perhaps even an all-White country.
The second thing we should learn from the South African experience is that we cannot permit our mass media to remain in the hands of
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
9
the Jews or in the hands of those under the influence of Jews. The foolish South Africans were manipulated, and it was the mass media more than anything else which manipulated them.
The Jewish media in South Africa could not keep the news of Black behavior in other parts of Africa away from White South Africans, but they could and did play down that news. They could and did berate South Africans non-stop about the wickedness of apartheid and about how awful it was to be unpopular among liberals in other countries, and they could and did play on the feminine nature of the White masses by telling them over and over, as seductively as possible, how nice it would be to be loved by the international community instead of being hated.
And the third thing we must learn from the experience of Whites
A Portuguese woman tortured and killed in Angola.
in Africa is that the only way for our people to survive and flourish is to live among our own kind. Multiracial societies do not work and cannot work. If we permit Whites to become a minority in America in the next century as the Clintonistas are planning, then we will suffer a fate similar to that of Whites everywhere else that they have let themselves become a minority. What we must do to avoid becoming a minority may be extraordinarily hard, but we must do it to survive. The extinction of our people is the alternative.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Lesson of Africa,” aired on June 6, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Cowardice and Individualism
In various Free Speech articles I've spoken about our problems with Blacks, with Asian immigrants, with mestizos, and of course, with Jews — especially about our problems with Jews, in deference to their demand always to be at the head of the line. Now, I'd like to talk about our problems with ourselves, with European-Americans: about what's wrong with White people.
Actually, this is such a huge subject that I can deal with only a tiny part of it. In the organization which I head, the National Alliance, I've been talking with members about two aspects of the White problem: White cowardice and White selfishness. Here are some of our thoughts.
If most White people weren't such terrible cowards, we wouldn't have problems with Blacks, mestizos, Jews, or anyone else today. We would have solved all of those problems long ago. There are plenty of people who agree with us about the type of society we want, the type of future we want for our people. There are many people who are disgusted with the rotten politicians and the rotten political system we have in Washington, peo-
ple who are angry about what non-White minorities have done to our schools and our cities, people who are sick and tired of seeing television and the other mass media promote everything which is sick, perverse, and destructive. Many people don’t feel guilty when the media tell them to feel guilty. There are plenty of people who want a clean, decent, White society for their children to grow up in. But these people are afraid to say or do anything. Many are terrified even to have other people know what they are thinking. Why is that? What are White people afraid of?
I understand the difference between prudence or reasonable caution on the one hand and cowardice or unreasoning fear on the other hand. Prudence is no vice. Cowardice is. Imagine, for example, that you work in an office under a Jewish supervisor. You are close to retirement, and you can't afford to lose your employment. Your Jewish boss is a big supporter of Clinton, affirmative action, “diversity,” homosexuality, feminism, racial mixing, and every other thing which is bad for our people. And the boss always is pushing
these things, is making favorable comments about these things, around you and your fellow employees. He's always saying that Bill Clinton is a wonderful man and that all of the people who are attacking him are just a bunch of bigots who hate him because he has been so good to Israel. Every time your Jewish boss says something like that you bite your tongue and keep your mouth shut, even though you want to tell him what you really think. You consider the consequences to yourself and to your family if you speak out, and you decide that it's not worth it. So you grit your teeth and remain silent. What does that make you? Well, certainly you are no hero, but under the circumstances I don't think it would be fair to call you a coward either. You are just a prudent person.
The times we are living in tend to make cowards of us all. We are pressed to make moral compromises every day, and it becomes a habit. Certainly, if a man today tried to act honorably in all things according to the standards for honorable behavior 100 years ago he would very likely find himself in prison in short order.
10
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
For all practical purposes we are living like a conquered people under an enemy occupation government We adjust our behavior in order to get by without a lot of trouble. We do not act heroically, because heroism is out of fashion. We try to do what is prudent rather than what is heroic.
But some people go too far in this direction, and they must be judged as cowards even by today's lax standards. There are people, for example, who whisper to me that they agree with everything I say, and ask me for information about the National Alliance. I will offer to mail the information to them, and they will turn pale and tell me that I must not do that: the postman or a neighbor might see their mail. “So what7” I respond, and they will just look frightened and scurry away. There are other people who are afraid to talk with me on the telephone, because they are certain that the FBI is recording all of my calls.
I won't bore you with all of the details, but over a period of years I have been made aware repeatedly of the fact that there are many people in America — White adults of reasonably sound mind — who are so afraid of the government in Washington that their fear controls them; it dominates them. They are afraid that the government will find out if they send a letter to anyone who is critical of the government, such as me. They are terrified of being on the mailing list of a Politically Incorrect organization. They are terrified of having their telephone records show that they have made calls to or received calls from anyone who is on the government's blacklist And these are people who themselves hate the government! But they are terribly afraid that the government will find out what they feel, what they think. There are, I am sorry to say, millions of such people in this country.
When 1 have spoken with some of these people in an effort to find out just what it is they are afraid of, what they believe will happen to them if the government discovers that they are thinking Politically Incorrect thoughts, I usually get a defensive reaction. Most of them don't have any precise idea of how the government might punish them. Some of them
Many people are disgusted by the media’s constant propaganda in favor of racial mixing, as shown in this K-Mart ad, but are afraid to even mention this to anyone.
will express vague fears about economic retaliation — an IRS audit or the loss of a pension — and others worry that all constitutional rights will be suspended under some Presidential declaration of a national emergency, and all dissidents will be rounded up and put in concentration camps. In most cases their fear is irrational.
I think it likely that there always have been people who were dominated by irrational fears, people who were afraid of their own shadow, but I am sure that there are many more of them today than there were in the past. I believe that the type of life-style we have today is partly responsible for this prevalence of unreasonable fear. Men who have been sheltered from danger all their lives, who have grown up in a welfare state, and who have never faced physical danger or seen another man die a violent death may not be able to cope with the idea of risk or be able to overcome even the minor fears which beset all of us every day of our lives.
Another part of the reason for this fear is that the controlled mass media encourage it and exacerbate it. The media bosses all will tell you that they support the First Amendment, that they believe in free speech and the rest of the Bill of Rights, but they
don't. They want the same sort of laws in this country they have lobbied for and gotten in other countries, such as Canada, France, Switzerland, Germany, and a dozen others, where one can be imprisoned for Politically Incorrect speech. It's what they like to call “hate speech,” and they've been lobbying quiedy for laws against it for years.
Part of their campaign has involved persuading the more impressionable elements of the public that it's already illegal to say anything which is “racist” or “anti-Semitic.” I'm sure that all of you have seen newspaper stories to the effect that someone was arrested for distributing “racist” leaflets, or that the police found “anti-Semitic” literature in the home of someone who was charged with a “hate crime.” The way these things are reported they create the impression in the public's mind that distributing Politically Incorrect leaflets or having Politically Incorrect books in one's home is illegal in itself. And they report things that way deliberately. They deliberately deceive us. They want people who read these news reports to believe that having the wrong type of reading material on one's bookshelf — or the wrong type of ideas in one's head — can get one into trouble. They want the people who think Politically Incorrect thoughts to be fearful.
They are masters of psychological manipulation. I reported to you about the nine schoolchildren in Florida who were thrown into jail for producing a Politically Incorrect pamphlet which lampooned a Black principal at their school. The children had done nothing illegal. The purpose of putting them in jail and making a big thing of it in the newspapers was to intimidate the children — and everyone who read about what happened to them. And unfortunately, this sort of intimidation all too often works. It works because many of our people already are too timid, too cowed, to fight back.
Alexander Solzhenitsyn is one of my favorite authors. In one of his books, the first volume of Gulag Archipelago, he wrote about how the communists in Russia, who consisted of only the Jews and a tiny minority
of Russian criminals, amoral opportunists, and welfare rabble — the sort of people who support Bill Clinton in America today — were able to maintain their grip on all of Russia by keeping the Russian majority, which hated them, too frightened to resist.
Solzhenitsyn writes of the period in 1934 and 1935, when the Jewish commissar Genrikh Yagoda headed the Soviet secret police, and Yagoda's black vans went out every night in St. Petersburg, known then as Leningrad, to round up “class enemies”: former members of the aristocracy, former civil servants, former businessmen, former teachers, professors, and professional people, any Russian — any real Russian — who had graduated from a university. A quarter of the population of the city was arrested and liquidated by Yagoda during this two-year period.
Solzhenitsyn laments that the citizens of St. Petersburg cowered behind their doors when the black vans pulled up at their apartment houses night after night to arrest their neighbors. If only the decent Russians had fought back, Solzhenitsyn says, if only they had ambushed some of these secret police thugs in the hallways of their apartments with knives, pickaxes, or hammers, if only they had spiked the tires of the police vans while the thugs were in the apartments dragging out their victims, they could easily have overwhelmed Yagoda's forces and forced an end to the mass arrests. But they didn't fight back, and the arrests and liquidations continued. And so, Solzhenitsyn concludes, because of their cowardice and their selfishness the Russians deserved what the communists did to them. Do we deserve better?
The other problem White people have that I want to talk about is selfishness or individualism. Every week I receive letters accusing me of being a “collectivist” The people who write the letters are indignant because I suggest that all of us have a responsibility for the future of our race, that we should put the welfare and security of our people, of our race, ahead of personal considerations. What happens to our people is more important than what happens to any individual.
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
It’s Viva Africa for gay pride parade
Just as in the United States, the controlled media in South Africa promote depravity as being “cool.”
This kind of talk irritates the individualist, and he tells me that although he agrees with my criticisms of the government, he doesn't agree with my racism. Racism is a form of collectivism, which in his mind is akin to communism, and so I am just as bad as the communists. His only concern is for himself, and he believes that everyone else should feel the same. He resents being told that he has a responsibility to his race. He tells me that he knows some Blacks, Jews, or Asians who make better
11
neighbors or better employees than some White people, and he is just as resentful of White welfare bums as he is of Black welfare bums, and so he rejects my call for him to think of himself as a White person or as a European-American. He makes all of his decisions on the basis of what is good for him, and he thinks everyone else should do the same.
The individualist responds to my warnings about the overwhelming Jewish influence in the mass media by saying, “So what? The Jews are smart businessmen. That's why they control the media. If you don't like it, buy yourself a television station and compete with them.”
If I complain about the media promoting interracial sex or homosexuality, the individualist doesn't understand what I'm concerned about. To him the choice of a sexual orientation or the race of one's sexual partner is stricdy an individual matter, and no one has any right to say that one type of relationship is inherendy better than another. If a White person wants to marry a Black and have mixed-race children, that's okay with the individualist. The more extreme individualists also believe that the government has no business making laws against abused drugs. He believes that it should be up to the individual to decide whether or not he wants to use drugs, and he doesn't care about the consequences to society of the widespread use of harmful drugs. That's not his responsibility.
You know, if we were living in a White world I wouldn't worry much about individualists. I still would deplore their selfishness and their refusal to accept responsibility for anyone or anything but themselves, but I wouldn't consider them a major threat. As it is, with our people under assault by organized minorities on every front, I consider individualists to be worse than communists. Their way of thinking is really a mental illness: an illness which can infect others. And like cowardice it has been deliberately encouraged by the controlled media, because it weakens our people, it destroys our solidarity and makes it easier for the media bosses and their allies to keep us under control.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
I doubt that there's anything we can do to make a man out of a coward. However, at least some individualists may overcome their illness and change their ways as our social and political situation continues to deteriorate.
Perhaps some of them will read Alexander Solzhenitsyn's Gulag Archipelago, and they will understand that the reason the Russian people fell victim to the tiny communist minority was not just their cowardice but also their unwillingness to take responsibility for the welfare of their people and to stand together as decent Russians against the Jews and the rabble. And perhaps they will see the parallel between what happened in Russia in the 1930s and what is happening in America now.
Perhaps some of them will come to understand that the reason our race is in peril now is because we are
Paying
Illegal immigration is a huge and growing problem for this country. So is legal immigration, to the extent that the immigrants are nearly all members of minority groups these days. Immigration is changing the complexion and the character of America. We are becoming less European and more Middle Eastern, Asian, African, and mestizo. I have discussed what this non-White immigration is doing to our schools, our cities, and our tax burden. Let's look today at some of the other costs involved.
Before the Second World War we had immigration laws which insured that most immigrants to the United States were Europeans. It was extremely difficult for Asians or Africans or other non-Whites to enter the country. Then in the rush of feel-good egalitarianism and yankee-doodle democracy which were promoted by the media after the war, the members of the liberal elite let themselves be persuaded by the media bosses that our immigration policies were “racist.” What we needed in America was more “diversity,” they decided. A Jewish congressman from New York, Emanuel Celler, headed the drive in
the only race which has tolerated individualism. The Jews certainly have not achieved their position of dominance by being individualists: they have achieved it by supporting each other against the rest of die world, by putting the welfare of their race first. Any Jew who collaborated openly with non-Jews against Jewish interests — the way White politicians habitually collaborate with minorities against White interests — would be ostracized and condemned by his fellow Jews. He would become an outcast.
Blacks have achieved their own measure of political power because they think and act as a group: they think of themselves as Blacks first, and they use their organized strength to demand special treatment and special favors from the government.
Perhaps some of our individualists will realize that their own lives
the Congress for a new immigration law which would favor the Third World instead of Europe, and in 1965 such a law was passed, with the co-sponsorship of Massachusetts Senator Edward Kennedy.
Of course, at the time the Jews and the liberals were campaigning for their new immigration law they didn't advertise it as a law which would change America's complexion. They didn't talk of it as a diversity-enhancing law. Quite the opposite, in fact, because in 1965 the masters of the controlled media hadn't had time yet to make diversity fashionable among ordinary Americans. Television was still relatively new and hadn't worked its magic yet
People who wanted to maintain America's European racial character foresaw the effect the new law would have and argued against it on that basis, but its proponents deceitfully claimed that it wouldn't change America's racial character at all, knowing full well that it would. And so the law was passed, and since it went into effect in 1965 most of the legal immigrants to the United States have been non-European, non-White. So have
can have no lasting value or meaning no matter how rich or famous they become, unless they are part of something larger and more enduring than themselves. Perhaps some of them will realize that the limb they've been sawing off by supporting Jewish policies at the expense of their own people is the limb they're sitting on. Perhaps when they contemplate the extinction of their own race they will realize that, despite all of its faults, it's all they have. Perhaps we can help them realize that.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Cowardice and Individualism,” aired on May 9, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
nearly all of the illegal immigrants. And America's racial complexion has changed drastically as a result. In the last census taken before Emanuel Cel-ler's new immigration law — the census of 1960 — the population of the United States was 89 per cent White. In the 1990 census, after 25 years with the new law, the White percentage of the population had fallen to 76 per cent. Actually, the situation was worse than that, because illegal immigrants, nearly all of whom are non-White, tend to avoid the census-takers. And the percentage of Whites in the United States has continued to plunge since 1990. Today the country is somewhere between 70 and 75 per cent White.
Occasionally Congress has made special modifications to the 1965 immigration law to admit favored groups of immigrants. The largest such group is from Europe but actually is not racially European. It consists of Jews from the former Soviet Union claiming “refugee” status. A Jewish legislator, New Jersey's Senator Frank Lautenberg, succeeded in 1989 in having Soviet Jews officially designated as a “persecuted minority” in
the Organizatsiya
the Soviet Union and therefore eligible for admission to the United States without regard to regular immigration quotas. It has been reapproved every year since then.
As a matter of fact Jews in the Soviet Union, far from being persecuted, have been a favored race ever since the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917 — a revolution which they in large part engineered. While communism ruled in Russia, Jews were far more often persecutors of Russians than the other way around. But in 1989, with Russia bled dry and communism on the brink of collapse, Soviet Jews decided to find a new host. And so for the past nine years, whereas it has been nearly impossible for a real Russian or Ukrainian to become a U.S. immigrant, Jews from the former Soviet Union have been pouring into the United States at a rate of about 50,000 a year. Furthermore, as “refugees from persecution,” Soviet Jews are given a cash handout from the U.S. Treasury and various other Federal subsidies as soon as they arrive.
Whenever anyone has dared to question why Soviet Jews continue to be exempt from the immigration laws which apply to everyone else, he was likely to be charged with “anti-Semitism.” And the claim will be made that these Soviet Jews are a very clever and skilful bunch of people who contribute gready to America's economy, and we're fortunate to have them in the country.
Not really. They are clever, all right, but the only economy they contribute to is their own, and it's at the expense of the rest of us. Soviet Jewish immigrants in the United States have been a far larger per capita burden on White Americans than any other immigrant group. A substantial part of this burden is due to the fact that a great many of these Soviet Jews are gangsters: members of a global organized crime network, which they call the “Organizatsiya”: the “Organization.” Under communism, Jews controlled organized crime in the Soviet Union, and when communism collapsed at the beginning of this decade Soviet Jewish gangsters not only branched out into various new money-making enterprises in Russia
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
Frank Lautenberg
and Ukraine, including the White slave trade, they also began building their criminal operations in the United States and in Western Europe. Today they virtually control organized crime in Germany, Poland, and several other European countries. And the Organizatsiya has replaced the Italian and Sicilian Mafia as the principal organized crime element in the United States. And these Jews from the former Soviet Union are far more predatory than the Mafia ever was. They suck far more blood from law-abiding Americans.
Three or four years ago they made the headlines with their gasoline-tax rackets in New Jersey and New York, where a handful of Jewish gangsters from Russia were stealing an estimated $1.5 billion a year from these two states alone. More recendy they've come into the news in connection with automobile insurance fraud in California. They hire people, hundreds of people every week, to participate in staged automobile accidents, and then, using their own lawyers and their own clinics for treating the alleged injuries in the accidents, they collect from the insurance companies.
Now, anyone can do this sort of thing, and as a matter of fact Chinese, Vietnamese, and Mexican gangs had been engaging in automobile insurance fraud before the Organizatsiya became involved, just as the Mafia had been stealing gasoline taxes in New York and New Jersey before the
13
Soviet Jews made a multi-billion-dollar racket out of it. When the Jews moved into insurance fraud recently, however, they did so on a massive scale, converting what had been a minor irritation to a huge drain on the pocketbook of nearly every American. Automobile insurance fraud is currendy sucking nearly $20 billion a year from the American economy and is costing the average American household an estimated $300 per year in additional insurance payments — because, of course, every dollar paid to a Jewish gangster as a result of a fraudulent automobile accident comes from the pockets of all the people who are obliged to buy automobile insurance. This is an enormous racket, and it dwarfs anything that the Mafia used to do.
And gasoline-tax fraud and automobile insurance fraud are by no means the only rackets that Soviet Jewish immigrants have moved into. In New York, Los Angeles, and other port cities their presence has substantially increased the likelihood that your car will be stolen, for example. They control gangs of thieves who steal expensive cars off the street, and then the Jews arrange for the cars to be shipped in freight containers to other Jewish gangsters in the Middle East, where they can be sold for much higher prices than in the United States — and where they will never be recovered by the police. As with the other rackets, the Jews aren't the only organized criminals who steal cars, but they do it on such a large scale that they run insurance rates up much higher than all of the non-Jewish auto thieves together.
There are perhaps 400,000 Soviet Jewish immigrants in the United States, most of them in the New York and Los Angeles areas, and only about 4,000 of these Jews belong to organized crime gangs, or about one per cent. But the infrastructure for these Jewish gangs is the entire Soviet Jewish community. They could not function without all of the odier Jews who make up the community within which they live.
Don't let yourself be misled by the argument that 99 per cent of Soviet Jewish immigrants to the United States are not gangsters. The
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
Russian women perform for the sake of a Jewish clientele at a Brighton Beach, New York, nightclub. Members of the Organizatsiya often own and frequent such clubs.
bottom line is that these Soviet Jewish immigrants, gangsters or not, are draining about $50,000 per capita per year from the American economy as a result of Jewish organized crime activities in the United States. It may be only one per cent of them who are actively engaged in the rackets, but we wouldn't have Jewish organized crime gangs in the United States sucking money from all of us if we didn't have Soviet Jews in the United States. And we wouldn't have Soviet Jews in the United States if we had a sane immigration policy.
The United States is still nearly three-quarters White, but most of the
crime in the United States is committed by non-Whites. In some cases we may overlook this non-White crime because it doesn't impact on us directly. For example I have a news story in front of me now about a Mexican gang which operates a sex-slave racket in the southeastern United States. The gang members force Mexican girls, some as young as 14, to work as prostitutes in a chain of brothels they own in Florida and South Carolina, which cater mosdy to illegal Mexican aliens doing farm work. This may be dismissed as a case of non-Whites committing crimes against non-Whites which doesn't
cost us anything, but as long as it is happening on our turf we should be concerned about it. If we permit non-White moralities, non-White attitudes toward women, non-White concepts of propriety and proper behavior to flourish here, they eventually will take root here and will infect White Americans, just the way Black life-styles began influencing young Whites after our schools were racially integrated. We cannot have growing communities of Chinese, Vietnamese, Haitians, Mexicans, Soviet Jews, and a hundred other alien races springing up all across the United States, taking over our cities, spreading into our suburbs, and still have any realistic hope of maintaining White values and a White morality as die basis of our own community life. The poison eventually will infect us, sicken us, and destroy us.
This is in no case more true than with the Soviet Jewish gangs which have established themselves here during the past decade. When the Orga-nizatsiya decides to move into an area of criminal activity, whether it be gasoline-tax fraud, insurance fraud, or exporting stolen cars, they do it effi-ciendy and in an organized way which dwarfs the activity of other criminal gangs and typically brings them billions of dollars in loot and makes it possible for them to engage in bribery and political corruption on a massive scale. Bill Clinton accepts political donations from them, and you can be certain that police chiefs, mayors, and other politicians and public officials do too. No government, even one which initially is honest, can remain uncorrupted by the sort of money these organized Jewish criminals have at their disposal.
And the controlled media cover for them. When, occasionally, the newspapers are forced to report on some Organizatsiya racket, the criminals are never referred to as Jews. Instead they are called “Russians.” The media customarily refer to the Organizatsiya as the “Russian mafia.”
One other reason why the activities of the Organizatsiya ought to be of special concern to us is that we are their chosen victims. Mexican gangs often confine their activities to their own people, as in the case of the sex-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1998
15
slave gang I mentioned. Vietnamese and Chinese gangs also tend to focus on extortion and other rackets which victimize their own people. Of course, when these non-White immigrant gangs engage in the drug business, many White Americans end up as victims. But the Jewish gangs deliberately choose us as their victims from the beginning. Part of the reason is that they want money on a much larger scale than they can extract from their fellow immigrants. They're not interested in a paltry few million dollars. They want — and they get — billions, and it's from the American majority they get it, whether they're fleecing the stock market a la Michael Milken and Ivan Boesky or running our auto insurance premiums up through organized fraud.
And part of the reason they choose White Americans as their victims is that they believe they have a God-given right to plunder us. Whenever they immigrate into a non-Jewish country, whether it is ancient Egypt 3500 years ago or America today, their imperative is the same: “Ye shall eat the fat of the land,” their Torah commands them: “Thou shalt suck the milk of the Gentiles.”
It is a difficult thing, a painful thing, for most Americans to face this problem of non-European immigration into America. Most Americans want to be nice, they want to be polite, they don't want to give offense. And because of this inherent politeness we have, we let ourselves be buffaloed by those clamoring for more “diversity.” If there's one thing America doesn't need, one thing which is pure poison to America, it's more “diversity.” But the Jews of Hollywood and Madison Avenue have done a very effective job of selling the notion to an impressionable and easily manipulated public that it's “nicer” and more “tolerant,” “open-minded,” and “fairer” to be in favor of letting non-Europeans — including Soviet
Jews — continue pouring into America. A great many of us understand that we don't want any more non-Whites or any more Jews in America — in fact, we don't want the ones that already are here — but we feel an enormous pressure to smile, to be nice, and not to object to what is happening to our country. We are afraid to stand up against the propaganda of Jewish television, Jewish magazine advertisements, and Jewish films: propaganda that tells us more “diversity” is good for us, even when we know that it isn't.
Their propaganda, their pressure, is pervasive; it is everywhere. I just finished viewing a Jewish film about the history of the Hollywood film industry. The name of the film is Hoi lywoodism. It openly discusses what everyone knew but was afraid to speak of openly for fear of being denounced as an “anti-Semite”: namely, that Hollywood and the motion-picture industry are almost completely Jewish. The film talks about the Jews who came to America from Russia and other areas of eastern Europe early in this century and took over the fledgling motion-picture industry in Hollywood, elbowing most of the non-Jews out. The film claims that these immigrant Jews reinvented America for us. They cooked up an image of what they wanted America to be like — more diverse, more democratic and proletarian, more vulgar, with lots of Black music and other elements of Black culture mixed into our culture — and then they sold that image to the American people, first through cinemas and later through television. They persuaded White Americans that this Jewish image of America was a better image than our own. The Jews boast of this transformation of America they made through their control of the motion-picture and television industries.
If you haven't seen this film, you still can read the book it is based on.
The book is Neal Gabler's An Empire of Their Own: How the Jews Invented Hollywood, and it is available from National Vanguard Books, the publisher of Free Speech.
It is very difficult for the average American to stand up against this flood of Jewish propaganda which clamors for ever more “diversity” and intimidates most of those who would like to stop the flow of Haitians, Chinese, Vietnamese, and Soviet Jews into America. As long as White Americans still have the option of moving to a Whiter neighborhood or sending their children to a Whiter school, they'll choose that option rather than make a fuss and be considered rude by speaking out against die insane immigration policies of the government in Washington. It's too bad we're that way. It just means that our future will be much bloodier and more painful than necessary.
Meanwhile, it will be good for us to remember every time we pay our automobile insurance that one consequence of non-White immigration into America is the size of our premiums. It will be good to remember that a third of every premium pays just for insurance fraud, and that virtually all automobile insurance fraud is perpetrated by gangs of non-White immigrants, a growing number of whom belong to the Organizatsiya. If you are paying, say, $800 a year in automobile insurance, then between $250 and $300 of your hard-earned money is going direcdy into die pockets of grinning Soviet Jewish gangsters, courtesy of the U.S. Congress. Think about it, sucker!
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Paying the Organizatsiya,” aired on May 16, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
■■ mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mt mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm Kg
Subscribe to Free Speech! !
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech and mail	Name:  ■»	_
It to National Vanguard Books at the address on the bottom of this
page. Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices Address: - I
on the air.	i
ft<
tom BSM MM MM M MM KM MW MM MM MM «i
© 1998 •National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year