FREE SPEECH • May 1998 • VOLUME IV, NO. V
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for J>1U. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the first Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.

IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
The Mexican Menace

Dr. William Pierce



The Katyn Massacre
Dr. William Pierce
Nationalism vs. the New World Order
Dr. William Pierce
Building
Understanding
Dr. William Pierce
The Mexican Menace
Around Easter thousands of young men and women from America's colleges and universities take their spring break and spend a week partying and drinking. For most of them it’s also a time for romance and for socializing, and so they want to go where everyone else is going.
A few years ago the trendiest place to go was Fort Lauderdale, Florida, but now it's Cancun, Mexico. This year everyone who could afford it headed there. There were network news segments during the spring break season showing scantily clad college girls on the beaches at Can-cun. The bars and discos of Mexican resorts were shown packed with American students drinking and carousing. The travel agencies do a lot of advertising aimed at luring more students to Cancun, and they make a fortune on hotel reservations and airline tickets.
One aspect of Cancun and other Mexican tourist resorts which the
In America perhaps Mexicans pick cr by day and pick pockets by night, bi their homeland of Mexico the situatio even worse.
news media have not been featuring is the danger of assault, rape, and robbery for young Americans who go to these places. I'll tell you a few horror stories that you certainly didn't hear about in the controlled media. In late March, ten students from Salisbury State University in Maryland went to Cancun for their spring break. They had bought a package deal from one of the travel agencies promoting trips to Cancun. On their third night in Cancun, as they headed back to their hotel on foot after an evening of partying with other students, they were accosted by a group of Mexican policemen. The policemen slapped them around a bit and then robbed them at gunpoint. That's right, the policemen robbed them.
They should have learned something from that, but apparendy one robbery wasn't enough to overcome the liberal brainwashing they had received back home, to the effect that
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
Mexicans are the same as White Americans, except that they speak a different language. The next night they were riding a bus through down-town Cancun. They thought that would be safer than walking, after their experience the night before. Mexicans on the bus began taunting the gringos, then an off-duty policemen kicked one of them in the back. Two of the Americans were dragged off the bus, and a group of about 20 Mexicans, including several policemen, began beating and kicking them. Finally, the policemen in the gang of assailants handcuffed one of the Americans, 20-year-old Peter Best, and hauled him off to the city jail. There he was beaten more, until he was sure that they intended to beat him to death.
And perhaps that is what would have happened to him, except that his friends went to the police station looking for him, where the police ^ chief agreed to release Best if his H friends would pay a $500 bribe to the W chief. They paid, and the police W allowed Best, who by this time was suffering from a concussion, to be led away. The students complained to the U.S. Embassy, which seemed quite unconcerned. More than 1,000 American students have had similar problems in Cancun so far this year, the embassy officer told them, indicating that there was very little which could be done.
Actually, the students from Salisbury State University were very fortunate: they were robbed only twice, beaten a couple of times, and forced to pay one bribe. The week after their ordeal Carol Schlossberg, an American woman who was an art instructor at Yale on vacation at the Mexican resort of Puerto Escondido, was grabbed by two Mexicans while walking on a nearby beach, raped repeatedly, and then drowned for sport Her naked body was found on the beach by other American tourists. The Mexican police say they know who did it, but so far no one has been arrested. A suspicion has been expressed that the police are waiting to see who will offer diem the larger bribe: the killers, or those who want die killers arrested.
Pablo Chotoy Calel and Pedro Chotoy Ramirez, two suspects in the rape of the St. Mary’s students.
A favorite tactic used against American tourists in Mexico and nearby areas of Central America is bus hijacking — a tactic in which police and soldiers often are involved. One such hijacking which, as an exception to the rule, actually made the news in the United States involved a busload of students and teachers from St. Mary's College, also in Maryland. In January a gang armed with military rifles halted their bus on the Pacific Highway in Guatemala. They were robbed, and then five of the girls were led into the adjacent cane fields and raped repeatedly. The girls testified that they were sure that the men who raped them were either soldiers or policemen, because they were wearing military boots and parts of uniforms.
As I said, this particular robbery and gang rape of American students made the news in the United States, but five other tourist bus hijackings and gang rapes in the same area during the previous six months — that is, since July 1997 — didn't make the news: which is why die St Mary's College students weren't expecting what happened to them. And a tourist bus hijacking a year earlier near Acapulco, Mexico, didn't make the headlines in the United States either. In that hijacking a bus with 27 tourists was forced off the road at night by a gang of Mexicans flashing police badges. Eight of the female passengers, including a 14-year-old girl and a
Norwegian woman as well as the American women, were gang-raped over a three-hour period. As in the case of the girls from St. Mary's College, these women didn't find out until afterward, when they complained to embassy officials, that such gang rapes of White passengers aboard tourist buses have become quite common in the area around Acapulco.
Even more common are the robbery and rape of White taxicab passengers in Mexico. Vacationing college girls who have heard about the dangers of Mexican taxis believe that they will be safe if three or four of them ride together in a taxi. What often happens is that the driver takes them to an area where some of his Mexican friends are waiting, and then all of the girls are robbed and raped. Sometimes they are able to walk back to their hotel afterward. And sometimes they simply disappear and end up being forced to work as prostitutes under indescribably horrible conditions.
One of the reasons for the growing danger young Americans face in visiting Mexico is the deteriorating economy and the endemic political corruption there. Despite repeated “bailouts” by U.S. taxpayers, the Mexican economy remains in chaos. Unemployment is high, and civil servants — especially the police — are notoriously underpaid. They make up for this by extortion, accepting bribes, and simple thuggery. Politics in Mexico always has been completely corrupt at every level. With enough money anything can be done, and one can easily buy exemption from punishment for any crime. Judges, politicians, and police officials are all for sale — or at least, for rent. Without money, however, one can expect no mercy and no justice in Mexico — especially if one is a gnngo.
Racial hatred has become an increasingly important motivation in Mexican and other Central American attacks against Whites. The population of Mexico today is about 30 per cent more or less pure-blooded Indians; about 60 per cent mestizos, or European-Indian mongrels; and less than 10 per cent Whites, most of Spanish origin. Social caste in Mexico
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
3
A Mexican at a shoeshine stand reads a Mexican newspaper about how the ballooning crime rate may threaten the tourist industry.
is based largely on the percentage of White — that is, Spanish — blood a person has, with Indians at the bottom of the social hierarchy, Whites at the top, and mestizos distributed in between roughly on the basis of their degree of Whiteness. At least, that's the way it used to be. These days the mestizos are feeling their oats and flexing their muscles more than in the past.
The red-bearded Spanish conquis-tador, Heman Cortes, taught the Indians of Mexico to respect the White man. With 500 Spanish soldiers and 16 horses he landed in 1519 at what later became Veracruz, burned his ships behind him to discourage desertions, and during the next two years conquered all of Mexico, which at that time had a population of more than two million Indians, and utterly destroyed the empire of the Aztecs, who were renowned as fierce and bloodthirsty warriors. All of that, however, was nearly 500 years ago, and things have gone downhill since.
In contrast to the English settlers to the north, who came seeking land and brought their own women with them from England, the Spanish came seeking gold and brought no women. Instead they mated with the Indian women — a practice encouraged by the priests accompanying them, who were eager to convert the Indians to Christianity. Thus began the growth of the mestizo element in Central America.
This process of racial mixture did not bring about the peaceful amalgamation of the races that the priests claimed it would. Instead, the history of Mexico has been a series of bloody revolutions and racial warfare, mosdy of mestizos and Indians against Whites, but also of Indians against mestizos, as in the case of the recent civil war in Mexico's southernmost province of Chiapas.
Since the Second World War there has been a very noticeable growth in Mexican nationalist sentiment among the mestizo element in the southwestern United States, and a similar sentiment is found throughout Mexico. It expresses itself in a smoldering hatred of gringos: a hatred which often bursts into open flame.
The freely expressed rationale for this hatred is simple revanchism: the gringos took the American Southwest away from the Mexicans by force of arms, and now the Mexicans will take it back, through immigration and by outbreeding and outvoting the gringos. During some of the debate over curbing illegal immigration which led to California's Proposition 187, which would have taken some welfare benefits away from illegal immigrants, Mexican activists screamed at White proponents of the proposition: “If anybody is going to be deported, it's
. iw
you!
The Communist Party, as well as mainstream Democrats and Republicans, actively campaigned against Proposition 187.
Illegal Mexican immigrants in the U.S. Southwest regard themselves as legally in territory that belongs to them, and many members of the Clinton government encourage this attitude, which helps to explain the Clinton Justice Department's opposition to Proposition 187 and a Federal judge's recent ruling that it cannot be enforced. Clinton's point man in California, Art Torres, is chairman of the California Democratic Party. He told his fellow Democrats: “Remember, 187 is the last gasp of White America in California.” Yes, that's what a leader of the party which is in power in Washington now told his cheering Mexican followers in California.
Underneath this Mexican nationalism is genuine racial hatred and racial resentment. The mestizo compensates for his deeply felt racial inferiority by raping a blonde gringa and forcing her to submit to every indignity he can inflict on her, or by beating and robbing a gringo.
Actually, the rape of gringas has been a mestizo sport in the Mexican border towns for a number of years.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro | WV 24946 • $40/year
:rEE SPEECH for May 1998
mi,	■	  I
A 19th century Spanish woman in Spain
Groups of college girls go into these border towns as tourists, naively believing that they can walk into a bar and drink with as much impunity as they can in a White bar in the United States. The common practice is for the bartender to slip a “mickey” into a girl's drink, and then when she becomes confused and disoriented, a group of mestizos will escort her into a back room and gang-rape her. The favorite “mickey” used today is a powerful sedative with the trade name Rohypnol. Illegal in the United Stares, it is readily available across the border. Complaining to the Mexican police after one of these drug-assisted
rapes is fruidess, as hundreds of White college girls and their parents have discovered.
The revanchist sentiment of Mexicans is so strong that Mexican officials routinely refuse to punish Mexican criminals for offenses against White Americans in Mexico or to extradite Mexican criminals who are sought for crimes committed in the United States. A Mexican can rape, rob, or murder a White American, flee across the border, and not worry about being extradited. Even Mexican officials of essentially pure Spanish blood dare not openly oppose the widespread prejudice against gringos.
Among mestizos, both in Mexico and in the United States, criminals who prey on gringos or flout gringo laws are viewed as Latin Robin Hoods, Mexican drug lords, in particular, are glorified by the mestizos, and one of the most popular types of music among young mestizos in California and Texas today is the narcocorrido, a folk song in ballad form about the exploits of one or another drug boss.
So why do White college students flock to Mexico for their spring breaks? Mosdy it's because they are kept completely in the dark about the danger until something happens to them personally. In the most expensive resort hotels, of course, they are relatively safe, as long as they stay in the hotels or on the beach immediately adjacent to the hotels. That's because there's big money involved in the tourist business, and the wealthy owners of the luxury hotels make it worth the while of the local police to maintain a reasonably safe environment for their patrons. For college kids who buy bargain excursion packages from travel agencies and are booked into second-class hotels — as was the case of the ten students from Salisbury State University — it's a different story. And for the White kids who believe that they can hitchhike around Mexico with a backpack or hang out in Mexican bars, it's pure suicide.
The biggest reason for this ignorance of the danger is that the controlled media are very reluctant to report crimes by mestizos against Whites — and I'm talking about the controlled media in the United States. The Politically Correct view of the media people is that in any conflict between a White and a non-White, the White must be the aggressor, the bad guy, the “hate criminal;” and the non-White must be the inoffensive victim. To report an interracial crime which doesn't fit this view is tantamount to racism.
If one seeks information about the dangers for American tourists in Mexico from the U.S. State Department, one must look for it in the travel-advisory information made available to diplomats and embassy personnel. In this travel-advisory information the State Department
l
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
5
A 19th-century Mexican mestiza woman and child in Mexico. Like most Mexicans, they lived in a hut made largely of mud and furnished with only the most meager household items.
warns that it is very dangerous to use taxicabs in Mexico except when special precautions are exercised, that it's very dangerous to travel by bus through certain provinces, and so on. But this information is not published for the benefit of tourists or the general public. Not only would it be racist to publicize it, but it might discourage American tourists from going to Mexico and thereby hurt NAFTA and the Clinton government's program of promoting free trade with Mexico.
One thing which encourages attacks on American tourists and vacationing college kids is their all-too-obvious vulnerability. They head for Mexico chock full of notions about democracy, equality, and interracial brotherhood, and they expect the little, brown people of Mexico to be full of similar nonsense. Mexicans view White Americans as weak, foolish, and easy prey. Any respect for Whites that Cortes taught them has long since been dissipated by their experience with more recent and much softer generations of gringos. Whereas Cortes and his 500 Spanish soldiers cheerfully took on an army of Mexican Indians more than 100 times their size and sent them running for their lives, many American males today cannot protect either themselves or their women in a one-on-one physical confrontation with a Mexican — and the Mexicans seldom give him such favorable odds.
An optimist might think that the misfortunes which befall many vacationing White college students in Mexico will be good educational experiences for them. Being raped, beaten up, or robbed by grinning mestizos who obviously hate their guts might cause the brainwashed students to reexamine the foolishness about racial equality which has been pumped into their heads by Politically Correct pro-
fessors and textbooks. Seeing at first hand the corruption of the Mexican bureaucracy will make them question the wisdom of rushing headlong into Mr. Clinton's glorious New World Order, in which the United States will surrender its sovereignty and submit itself to the will of a non-White world majority not too different in character from that of the mestizo majority in Mexico.
An optimist might think that — and if the media in this country would widely publicize these misfortunes, so that the lucky students could learn from the experiences of the unlucky ones, perhaps some good would come of it But of course, the media are in the hands of people who hate our people as much as the mesti-
zos do, and so every rape of a blond gringa on a tourist bus and every robbery and beating of a spring-breaking gringo who can't afford the luxury hotels in Cancun will continue to be just another individual tragedy for one of our people — until we get our act together and straighten the whole mess out, Cortes style.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Mestizo Menace,” aired on April 18, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech!
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech.
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
Name: ______________________________ '	  '	Mail to:
National Vanguard Books
Address: ---------------------- ?------------------------------------ P.O.	Box	330
Hillsboro, WV 24946
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
A background noise that seems never to go away is the constant whining and yammering of the Jews about how the world owes them a living because of their losses during the so-called “Holocaust.” They do it, of course, because they make such a big profit on it. The latest flare-up of this Jewish play for a handout came more than a year ago when they began demanding that the Swiss pay them $7 billion, which “Holocaust” victims allegedly had stashed in numbered Swiss accounts before being hauled
off to gas chambers during the Second World War.
With a few “bought” Gentile politicians fronting for them, the foremost among these being New York's Senator Alphonse D'Amato, the Jews threatened Switzerland with a boycott by the U.S. government if their demands were not met. Instead of laughing in their faces, telling the Jews to go to hell, and gearing up for countermeasures against Israel and other Jewish interests if the Jews tried to proceed with a boycott, the Swiss
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
The Katyn Massacre
politicians tried to placate the Jews h offering to buy th em off. The Jew* took the Swiss response as a sign of weakness and escalated their demands.
The average Swiss citizen seems to have a little more pride than Switzerland's elected officials, however, and resentment against the Jews' extortion efforts is building in Switzerland now to the point that some of that country's richest Jews are wearing bulletproof vests whenever they must go out in public.
In general, however, this “Holocaust”-based extortion racket works quite well for the Jews, and they have expanded their demands for World War Two reparations to include a number of other countries besides Switzerland. They are even whining that the Vatican owes them because Pope Pius XII didn't do enough to save them from the Germans during the war. The Jews' brazenness in this whole business is quite breathtaking.
Their brazenness is justified, because by and large they have been getting away with it. They have been getting away with it because with their media control they have been able to distort the general public's perception of what happened during the Second World War. They have been able to portray themselves as innocent victims and everyone else as persecutors and aggressors, even the people who were fighting on the Jewish side against the Germans during the war. They have done quite a bit of whining that after the Red Army drove the Germans from Poland, the Poles took the opportunity to lynch hundreds of Jews in 1945 and 1946: Jews whom the Germans somehow had failed to get rid of during their wartime occupation of Poland.
Why would the Poles do something like that7 Why would they lynch the poor Jews, who had been on their side during the war? If you learned about the war from watching Steven Spielberg propaganda films and other mass-media sources, you probably believe that it was because of religious anti-Semitism on the part of the Cath-
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
7
Members of the General Jewish Workers’ Bund in Czestochowa, Poland, in the 1930’s. According to the Jewish newspaper Forward the Bund started as a secret organization dedicated to “proletarian revolution” and “secular Yiddish culture.” Later, it became an open, socialist labor union which also tried to get the governments of eastern Europe to provide public school instruction in Yiddish and fought for “autonomous rights for the Jewish minority.” The 100th anniversary of the Bund was celebrated earlier this year at the Bronfman Center for Jewish Student Life at New York University. The celebration was sponsored by Jews for Racial and Economic Justice in the hope that “the spirit of the Bund can inspire future Jewish action for social change.”
olic Poles. Let me tell you the real reason why so many Poles hated Jews after the war. It's something the Jew-controlled media in America haven’t said much about. Let me tell you about what happened in the Katyn Forest in 1940.
In September 1939 Poland was invaded from the west by Germany and from the east by the Soviet Union. The Germans wanted back the territory in western Poland, including the city of Danzig, which had been taken from them at the end of the First World War. The Soviets wanted eastern Poland. The Germans and the Soviets divided Poland between them, with the boundary running roughly along the River Bug.
Britain and France, both under strong Jewish pressure, declared war on Germany in September 1939, ostensibly because of Germany's invasion of Poland. They did not declare war on the Soviet Union, which also had invaded Poland. In the United States and in western Europe, where the Jews held a deathgrip on the mass media, a great deal of anti-German propaganda was based on the German grab for Polish territory — much of which, of course, actually was historically German territory — and noth-
ing was said of the Soviet occupation and annexation of eastern Poland.
The reason for this anti-German and pro-Soviet bias by the Jewish media was that the Jews were riding high in the Soviet Union as commissars and communist party bosses under Stalin, while in Germany Hitler had undertaken a program since 1933 of freeing Germany from all Jewish influence. Jews had been weeded out of the media, the law, the schools, and other areas of economic and cultural life in Germany. Before Hitler became chancellor in 1933 die Jews had done in Germany what they do in every country where they gain a foothold: they had monopolized large sections of the mass media and certain professions and were doing their best to distort German culture, German society, and the German economy to suit themselves. Hider put a stop to that, and two-thirds of the 1933 Jewish population of Germany had emigrated by the invasion of Poland in September 1939. So the Jews hated Germany and were determined to do whatever they could to destroy her.
For his part, Hider hoped to avoid war with Britain and France. He hoped that after his quick victory
in western Poland he could make peace with both countries. He was determined, however, to stamp out communism wherever he encountered it. Not only did he hate communism on ideological grounds, but he had sworn to fight communism when the communists in Germany betrayed his country at the end of the First World War. Hider also saw the Soviet Union as a threat to all of Europe, and he was determined to break the power of that country when he could, even though there was an uneasy non-aggression pact between Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939, at the time of their partition of Poland.
In the spring of 1941 massive troop movements and other developments inside the Soviet Union convinced Hider that Stalin was preparing to invade the west with the Red Army, and so in June 1941 Hider made a preemptive strike. German forces smashed through the Red Army and made rapid advances, first through Soviet-occupied eastern Poland and then through Ukraine and into Russia.
A year and a half later, in February 1943, German forces near Smolensk, in western Russia, investigated
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
Members of the International Commission brought in by the Germans examine the bodies dug up In the Katyn Forest.
reports they heard from Russian civilians to the effect that a large number of prisoners had been murdered by the Soviet secret police in the area nearly three years earlier. The German investigators were led by local Russians to a series of mounds in a wooded area known locally as Katyn Forest, about 10 miles west of Smolensk. The forest is named for a village, Katyn, which it surrounds. The forest had been privately owned prior to die Bolshevik Revolution of 1917, but after the communist takeover of Russia the area had been confiscated by the government and part of the forest had been turned over to the NKVD, the Soviet equivalent of the American FBI.
The Germans began digging in die mounds in the Katyn Forest and made a horrible discovery. They found corpse after corpse, each with its hands bound behind its back and a bullet hole in die base of its skull. They continued their excavations for mote than a month, and eventually uncovered more than 4,000 corpses. Other bodies may have remained buried in other mounds, but die Germans had no time to dig up the whole forest. Instead they called in the International Red Cross and representatives of various neutral countries to examine their findings. They also brought in groups of Allied prisoners of war, including Americans,
from prison camps in Germany to view the graves in the Katyn Forest. They gave these international inspectors complete freedom to examine the exhumed bodies, permitted doctors among them to conduct autopsies, even allowed them to dig up other bodies from one of the mounds which had not been completely excavated. The Germans asked only that the inspectors report back truthfully to their own governments about their observations. And in fact, most of diem did.
What they reported was that the bodies were those of Polish military officers, along with a number of civilian cultural leaders, business leaders, and intellectuals — scientists, writers, and poets — who had been in the portion of Poland occupied by the Soviet Union in September 1939. Altogether the Soviet secret police had rounded up some 15,000 Polish leaders in 1939 — including nearly half of the entire Polish officer's corps, the half that had die misfortune of being in eastern Poland at the time — and put them in three concentration camps in Russia: at Starobelsk, Kozelsk, and Ostashkov. All of the bodies unearthed in the Katyn Forest were of Polish leaders who had been confined at one of these camps: Starobelsk.
Rounding up a country's leaders and killing them was standard practice for the communists. The theory
/
V
was that the leaders were bourgeois oppressors of the working class and deserved to die. As egalitarians the communists did not regard the Polish officers and intellectuals as inherently better or more valuable human material than the average Polish criminal or bum; the officers had simply used their class advantage to gain a better life-style for themselves. Of course, no one really believed that theory except the criminals, bums, and other resentful losers and ne'er-do-wells who made up the natural communist constituency. As a practical matter, however, killing all the leaders and potential leaders of a conquered people made them easier to govern. That's what the Marxists had done in Russia, Ukraine, and the Baltic countries.
In the case of the Poles there was a bit of a diplomatic problem, though. The Poles supported the war Britain and France had declared against Germany, purportedly on their behalf, because they viewed that as their one hope for getting back at least the western part of their country. They were not happy about the Russians taking the eastern part of Poland, but the Russians at least were fellow Slavs. The thing to do was get rid of the Germans first and then worry about the Russians. This Polish strategy suited Stalin fine. But it made it desirable for him to avoid alienating the Poles any more than necessary. When Polish exiles asked about their imprisoned leaders in late 1939 and early 1940, the Soviet government promised that they would be released shordy. Meanwhile, the decision had been made to kill all of them. And so in April 1940 the Polish leaders were taken from the three camps where they had been imprisoned, trucked off to various liquidation sites, and murdered. The ones who had been imprisoned at Starobelsk all went to the NKVD area of the Katyn Forest. After the war some of the NKVD executioners were interviewed in Israel and described how they had carried out the killings.
The Poles were driven up to the burial pits in long NKVD prison trucks known as “black ravens.” They were pulled from the trucks one at a time by NKVD guards. Each Polish
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
prisoner had his hands bound behind his back and then was dragged to the edge of a pit. There he was held by two NKVD men while a third fired a pistol bullet into the back of his head. Some of the officers had their coats pulled over their heads to keep them from seeing what was happening before they were shot. Some struggled and were bayoneted by NKVD guards before being shot and thrown into the pit. When all of the officers from Starobelsk had been killed, some 4,400 of them, the Katyn Forest burial pits were covered with dirt and pine trees were planted on them. The locations of the mass graves of the prisoners from the camps at Kozelsk and Ostashkov remain unknown, but none of the 15,000 Polish officers and intellectuals rounded up by the NKVD in September 1939 was seen alive after April 1940.
The Red Cross representatives and the Allied prisoners the Germans brought in to examine the mass graves in the Katyn Forest understood after their examination not only who had been killed; they also understood who had killed them. This was apparent not only from the medical estimates of the length of time the bodies had been buried, but also from documentary evidence on the bodies. Diaries, news clippings, letters, and other personal papers removed from the clothing of the victims all told the same story: the latest dates on any of these papers were from mid-April 1940. The Polish leaders had been killed in April 1940, when they were prisoners of the Soviet Union and when the Katyn region was under Soviet control. And this is what they reported back to their governments.
So what do you think happened? Were the British and American governments horrified to discover that their “gallant Soviet ally,” as the Soviet Union was referred to by the mass media, was a mass murderer? Did the British government, which had gone to war against Germany under the pretext of defending Poland, decide that it had made a mistake? Did anyone condemn the Soviet Union for this act of genocide against the Poles?
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
Of course not! The Allied governments ordered their people who had inspected the Katyn site to keep their mouths shut, and the Jewish media immediately began announcing that the Germans had done it. A mass murder of Polish officers and intellectuals by the Nazis had been discovered in the Katyn Forest, the New York Times and the rest of the Jewish media shrieked. Poor Poles! Wicked Germans! The war must go on to free the poor Poles and punish the wicked Germans. And the war did go on, killing millions of more Germans, Britons, Americans, and other Europeans. And the Germans were indeed punished. The Poles, of course, were not freed. Instead they were turned over to the Reds, who had butchered their leaders in the Katyn Forest, and made to suffer under communist rule for half a century.
The war went on after the German discovery of the mass graves in the Katyn Forest, because its purpose from the beginning was not to free Poland but to destroy Germany, which had dared to free itself from the Jews. Roosevelt understood this. Churchill understood this. But the American and British people didn't understand it, of course, because they were lied to by the Jewish media ana by their own governments, who in 1943, as in 1998, did whatever was politically expedient. And what is politically expedient has been what the Jewish media bosses have decided.
The lies about Katyn were maintained by the media for some years after the end of the war, because these lies meshed nicely with the “Holocaust” story which was making so much money for the Jews. Nowadays, of course, the truth about the Katyn murders is generally accepted by historians everywhere. You can go into almost any large library and read about it and even see the gruesome photographs that the Germans took of the Polish bodies they dug up. One of several authoritative books on the subject is J.K. Zawodny's Death in the Forest: the Story of the Katyn Forest Massacre, published in 1962 by the University of Notre Dame Press. None of this is publicized a la Steven Spielberg for the illumination of American television audiences, of course. It still might undermine the Jews' “Holocaust” racket.
9
In 1945 and 1946, although the deceived citizens of the Western world didn't know the truth about Katyn, Polish patriots did. The word had gotten back to the Polish prisoners in German camps from the Poles the Germans had taken to examine the graves. After the war, when these Polish prisoners were freed, the word spread to other Poles. They knew that it was the communists, not the Nazis, who had murdered their leaders, who had beheaded their nation. And they knew who was behind communism — from the Jew, Karl Marx, who started the whole business, to the Jewish commissars in Soviet-occupied Poland. They knew who had welcomed their Soviet conquerors and then collaborated with those conquerors. And so it is hardly surprising that in 1945 and 1946 a few Polish patriots organized lynchings of Jews in Poland, before the Reds had a chance to clamp down and suppress any further expressions of anti-communist or anti-Jewish feeling.
The Polish dislike of Jews isn't surprising. What is surprising is that so few patriots in America and Britain have expressed their outrage against the Jews, not only for what they did to the Poles during and after the war, but for what they have done to us: lying to us and using us to wage their wars for them. If patriots study the Katyn story and take its lesson to heart, they will understand why they cannot trust either the mass media or any government which dances to the tune played by the media. Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill were as much liars and traitors as Bill Clinton and Tony Blair.
You might remember Katyn the next time you hear the Jews or some of their bought politicians whining about how much gold was stolen from them by the Swiss or how badly the Poles and the Germans treated them during the Second World War.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Katyn,” aired on April 25, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
Nationalism vs. the New World Order
An interesting thing happened recendy. The government of India detonated five nuclear warheads in underground tests, and the establishment in the United States reacted with shock and dismay.
This is good news for at least six reasons. I’ll name them, one reason at a time.
Rrst, the nuclear tests were a complete surprise to the Clinton government. That's a wonderful proof of the fallibility of government. Too many people believe you can't fight the government because the government has the secret police working on its side, and the secret police know everything. Our Central Intelligence Agency spends $27 billion a year to be aware of what's happening around the world, including the building of facilities for making nuclear warheads and other weapons of mass destruction, and the CIA didn't have a clue! An even better scenario would be that the CIA knew but kept it a secret from the Clinton administration. But that is unlikely since the head spook himself is a Clintonista, and the Indian episode could cost him his job.
The Indian tests prove that for all of the government’s repressiveness, all of its money, all of its jackbooted Federal thugs, all of its wiretaps, subpoenas, and paid informers, it still can be outsmarted by intelligent and determined patriots. Certainly not by a bunch of boozed-up yahoos who make their plans in the local bar, but by intelligent, disciplined, and determined patriots.
The second reason India's nuclear tests are good news is that they let a lot of air out of the principal excuse given by the Clinton government for its campaign against Iraq, which nearly led us into another war in the Persian Gulf a while back and which will still lead us into a war, if the jews and the Clintonistas have their way. The excuse for the campaign against Iraq was that we must keep weapons of mass destruction under tignt control. We must keep Iraq from developing such weapons.
India has demonstrated that we have already lost control. Of course,
this won't stop the Clintonistas from arguing that Iraq can’t be allowed to develop weapons of mass destruction, but that argument will seem a bit flat now. Some people accepted this argument only because they believed that the genie of “weapons of mass destruction” was tightly corked up in his botde. It is now clear even to these deluded people that the genie is out, and bombing Iraq into the stone age won't put him back in again.
The third reason India's nuclear tests are good news is that all of the hullabaloo about countries developing nuclear weapons without permission from the United Nations should remind everyone that the most egregious example of such oudaw nuclear development is that of Israel. The controlled media, of course, have been covering for Israel, but the more fuss they make about India, the more questions thoughtful people will have about Israel. The hypocrisy of the treatment by the Washington government and the media of the whole topic of controlling weapons of mass destruction should become more apparent
Obviously the policy of preventing unstable countries ffom acquiring nuclear or biological weapons is a sham. The failure to apply the policy in the case of Israel — the deliberate failure to halt Israel's development of a nuclear arsenal, when the U.S. government knew that development was occurring — undermined the moral basis for the policy long ago, and we should not be surprised that no one takes it seriously today.
The fourth reason we should be glad for India's nuclear tests is that they are a big psychological setback for the New World Order crowd. The liberals, the Jews, and the other New World Order boosters have worked hard to create the impression that the coming of the New World Order is irresistible. It is a steamroller, and you'd better not get in its way, or you'll be squashed. The impressionable masses have let themselves be persuaded to go along for the ride, even if they aren't especially enthusiastic One of the consolations, in their
eyes, is the promise of security and certainty: once the New World Order is solidly in place, no one anywhere will be able to do anything without permission ffom the people pulling the strings at the United Nations, and so there will be no more wars or other nasty surprises, and the masses can get on with being obedient consumers and television viewers without having to worry about making any difficult decisions.
Now India has demonstrated that the New World Order is quite resistible after all. India has thumbed its nose at all of the people who've been assuring us that national sovereignty is passe and that in the future everyone must do whatever the UN bosses say.
What are the Clintonistas and the Jews going to do about this little rebuff India has given them? Send a few aircraft carriers to the Indian Ocean and threaten New Delhi with cruise missiles? Not likely. It's a bit easier to push Iraq around than India, with its population of one billion and a continent to itself. The head New World Order gangster in the United States, Bill Clinton, says that India will be punished economically for daring to stand in the way of his gang. And undoubtedly that's what will happen. Even if the head gangster changes his mind, the economic sanctions already have been written into law. And these attempts to punish India by cutting off trade, blocking loans, and other economic measures are die fifth reason why India's nuclear tests are good news.
The Jews can get away with their starvation embargo against Iraq, but that sort of thing just won't work against India. On the contrary, it will have several good effects on the Indian people. It will teach them the virtue of self-sufficiency and strengthen their sense of nationalism and their determination to be masters in their own house. In fact, as soon as the threat of economic punishment was raised last week, the Indians expressed their defiance and their contempt for any American efforts to make them conform to UN policy.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
This is a meeting of the nationalist NPD party in Germany. Naturally, we have more in common with nationalists who are White, but we should welcome nationalism all over the world.
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
11
The Hindus have always been wary of the Jews. Back during the Second World War, when they were under the colonial thumb of the British Empire, Hindu nationalists were sympathetic toward Germany, and they learned from the Germans many lessons about the Jews — lessons which have not been entirely forgotten. Economic sanctions against them now by the Jews' American lapdog will confirm the Hindus' antipathy toward the people who believe that their god chose them to rule the world. The more economic pressure Bill Clinton tries to bring against India, the more determined Indians will be to cut any dependence on the United Nations and become self-sufficient. All of that is very good.
Furthermore, because many American consumer goods are now imported from India, there might be some substantial economic dislocations in the United States if Mr. Clinton starts a trade war with India, and this should help everyone to see better just how uncertain and shaky the whole concept of a global economy is.
This is a good time to remember one of the most important and fundamental rules of historical development:	Decisive	historical events
always catch many people by surprise, and the people most likely to be caught by surprise are the smart-asses who thought they had everything under control. Many decent people today are discouraged and pessimistic about the future, because they believe that the enemies of our people have an unbreakable grip on the course of events. Decent people see the media almost completely under the control of the Jews; they see the Jews all around Clinton, Jews running most of the important branches of the U.S. government — the State Department, the Treasury Department, and the Defense Department. They see similar situations in the governments in Britain, Russia, Germany, and France. Everyone bows and scrapes to the Jews, every important politician is in their pockets, everyone is afraid to call them to account for their crimes.
They see the destruction wrought among our own people by the Jews' policies — White kids hooked on MTV and behaving like Blacks, non-
White immigrants pouring into America, and the threat of a non-White majority in America in the next few decades. They see the continuing implementation of the master plan: a global plantation with Jews as God's Chosen Overseers, and the rest of the world's population as obedient serfs. They see the United Nations “peacekeeping” forces always ready to put down any insurrection by the disarmed serfs. Decent people see these things, and they believe the Jews have everything under control. Many of them become discouraged and give up.
So the sixth reason why the Indian nuclear tests are good news for decent people everywhere is that they serve as an encouraging reminder of the fundamental rule of historical development:	nothing about the
future is certain, except that the smartasses will be caught by surprise, no matter how tightly they think they have things under control. And it is a major upset of the kosher applecart when India, with its one billion people and its own strategically located subcontinent, tells the Jews to take their New World Order and stuff it.
Even more kosher apples are likely to be rolling in the gutter before
the Jews have time to pick up the ones spilled by the Indians. India has had ongoing border disputes with both Pakistan and China for some time. Both of these countries will have a strong incentive now to tell the arms control people from the United Nations to go to hell and to resume the development of their own nuclear arsenals. This is an especially promising prospect in the case of Pakistan, which as an Islamic country has close bonds of sympathy with the Palestinians, the Iraqis, the Iranians, and the other Islamic peoples opposed to Israel's aggression in the Middle East. Every development which thwarts Washington's role as the Jews' global bully-boy and enforcer is a good development.
There are just two components of the Jews' power: one is money, and the other is their control of public opinion through their control of the news and entertainment media. In die West they are able to use both d'.eir money and their media control to retain their power. They use their money to buy politicians, and they use their media control to keep the general public more or less hypnotized and aimed in the direction they want.
1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/y>
12
In the East the Jews don't control the mass media and are not able to keep the Asian masses hypnotized. But they nevertheless have been able to use their money to corrupt Asian governments. That is, they have been able to use our money for that purpose. They have been able to use American foreign-aid money, loans from various international banks, and the giveaway or sale of military hardware to keep the politicians of the Third World more or less under control. If Saudi Arabia wants to buy American jets for its air force, then it must promise not to make any problems for Israel. If some Black potentate in Africa is encroaching on an Oppenheimer mining operation, then a few million dollars in foreign aid from the U.S. Treasury will make him mend his ways and keep his Black hands off the Chosen Ones' diamond mines. That's the way it always has worked.
There's just one thing in the Third World — or anywhere — which can beat the Jews' money power, and that thing is nationalism. That's why the Jews have such a hatred for every nationalism but their own. They hate every nationalism except Zionism. When India was ruled by the thoroughly corrupt Congress Party, the Jews were able to keep the Indians more or less under control. But in March of this year the Hindu nationalists won control of the Indian government, and for the nationalists independence is more important than all the comforts money can buy. That's why India's new nationalist prime minister is willing to defy the Jews and do without American money.
The Jews, of course, still will try to use their money power — that is, their control over our public funds g to bribe the Indians and others back into line. The first thing which the Clinton government announced after the Indian nuclear tests was that it was reconsidering its hold on Pakistan's purchase of American military aircraft. The sale had been held up because of Jewish objections to letting an Islamic country buy modem military aircraft. Now, says the Clinton government, if the Pakistanis will forego any nuclear tests of their own,
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
maybe they can have the aircraft after all. And similar bribes will be offered to India and China. The Chinese will be told that if they don't react the wrong way to the Indian nuclear tests, then their exports of machine tools and shoes to the United States won't be jeopardized because of piddling little things like human rights violations.
These bribes have worked for the Jews in the past, and their money power is what they're counting on to keep the world moving toward their goal of a kosher global plantation. Nationalism is the one force which can thwart them, the one political ideology active on a large scale in the world today in which money is not the primary concern. That is why any success by nationalists anywhere in the world today, any declaration of independence from the global plantation, is good news for decent, freedom-loving people everywhere. It is good news when it happens in Germany, Hungary, or France, but it is especially good news when it happens in a place like India, which is big enough and sufficiendy free from Jewish influence to be able to put a significant monkey wrench into the gears of the New World Order's machinery of global enslavement.
We in the National Alliance are not nationalists in the old-fashioned sense, in the sense of geographical nationalism. We don't belong to the “USA, right or wrong” crowd, which considers any featherless biped claiming U.S. citizenship, regardless of race, color, or creed, as a compatriot Our nationalism is really racial nationalism. Our compatriots are our fellow White men and women, our fellow Europeans, everywhere:	in
America, in Europe, in South Africa. Nationalism in our sense — racial nationalism — is still a relatively new thing as a political ideology, although it is based on instincts much older than any ideology.
A lot of people, conservatives especially, are still much more comfortable with the old-fashioned sort of nationalism — or with an ethnic nationalism which is much more limited in scope than our racial nationalism. Conservatives are more comfortable with Scottish nationalism
or German nationalism or Polish nationalism. And that's all right. We encourage these more limited ethnic nationalisms. We encourage any nationalism which is not anti-European or anti-White. We even welcome Black nationalism, Hindu nationalism, or Chinese nationalism, because nationalists of every variety are facing a much bigger threat today than any rival nationalism. Intelligent Hindu nationalists understand that Irish nationalists, Ukrainian nationalists, and Swedish nationalists need not be hostile to them, and we understand that too.
Every national group which is concerned with preserving itself, with preserving its unique racial characteristics, its unique language, its unique culture, traditions, and life-styles, is the natural ally of every other nationally conscious group at a time when all of us are faced with the threat of the Jews' New World Order. Once the Jews have realized their global plantation — a plantation without national boundaries, with a homogenized population, a homogenized culture, and a uniform standard of living for the serfs — every nationality will be lost permanendy in the mass. Now is the time to derail this nightmare scheme for global subjugation, and any nationality, Hindu or other, which helps in derailing it, by whatever means, deserves our praise. The prospect of a nuclear arms race between India, China, and Pakistan may not seem very encouraging, but it is a far brighter prospect than a con-tinuation of the process of globalization being promoted by the Jews and their allies, whether international capitalists or deranged liberals.
So for all of the reasons I have mentioned, India's detonation of nuclear warheads is very good news indeed for decent, freedom-loving patriots everywhere.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Nationalism vs. the New World Order,” aired on May 23, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
13
Building Understanding
We recently took a survey of just under a thousand regular listeners to American Dissident Voices who also subscribe to the texts of the broadcasts by e-mail. We wanted to know what listeners especially like or dislike about these broadcasts. We wanted ideas which will help us do a better job of reaching and moving as many people as possible. We were gratified by the many compliments and expressions of appreciation we received from listeners. It's nice to know that our efforts are being well received by so many thoughtful people.
We also appreciated the criticisms and suggestions for improvement made by listeners. The most frequent criticism we had was that I talk too much about Bill Clinton. One listener told me that everyone already knows that all politicians are lower than scum, and it doesn't do a bit of good to prove that to them over and over again by using Bill Clinton as an example. Another listener said it makes him depressed and sick to his stomach every time he hears Clinton's name, and he'd appreciate my talking about more positive things, such as the AIDS epidemic or the “Holocaust” A third listener said that he doesn't want to hear any more about Clinton's zipper problem; he wants to know what can be done about Clinton's breathing problem.
Well, I can sympathize with the people who are tired of hearing about Clinton, but 1 don't agree that it does no good to continue talking about him. I believe that we would be overly optimistic to assume that everyone already understands what dirtballs politicians are. I'm afraid that many people haven't figured that out yet, although probably those same people also don't have a long enough attention span to listen to an American Dis-sident Voices broadcast from beginning to end or to read an entire issue of Free Speech — so perhaps detailing Clinton's problems doesn't really help them.
But I don't really talk about Clinton's problems to persuade people that he, personally, is a nogoodnik. I
do believe that practically everyone who listens to this program already understands that. I believe that we have among our listeners very few people who give Clinton a high approval rating. But I also believe that Clinton can provide us with many very persuasive lessons about the system which put him into the White House. There are many people of reasonable intelligence and good will — even many patriots — who despise Clinton personally and despise Clinton’s policies, but who still have faith in the system which made Clinton President. I think that an exposition of the Clinton phenomenon can help to illuminate these people. Clinton provides for us, after all, such a wonderfully extreme example of what can go wrong with a society and with a system of government.
If in 1982 I had described a man like Clinton to you and told you that in ten years he’d be in the White House and have an approval rating higher than any other President, you'd have thought I was crazy. You'd have laughed at me and told me it couldn't happen. So it is useful for us, to note that it has happened, and to try to understand how it happened, to try to understand what has gone wrong with us and with the system of government under which we live.
We need to convince a lot of Americans who already despise Clinton that we must do much more than simply get rid of him and his crowd of Jews, feminists, and 1960s-style whiners and liberals. We need to convince Americans that the system itself is profoundly flawed and needs to be fixed in a radical way, in a fundamental way.
I am sorry, but I just cannot avoid talking more about Clinton. He is like the Rosetta Stone to an understanding of what's wrong with democracy; he's a gold mine for anyone looking for ammunition to use against this system. Just before a Federal court in Arkansas blocked Paula Jones's lawsuit, two more rapees had surfaced from Clinton's days as attorney general of Arkansas, one of
whom apparendy was paid to sign a statement saying she hadn't been raped, and the other of whom was trying to dodge a subpoena by staying out of the country. But I will promise to focus less on the sordid details of the Clinton life-style and more on the lessons about democracy these things teach us. I really don't need to rehash what everyone can now read in die New York Times about Clinton's zipper problem.
Another criticism of my broadcasts by some listeners is that occasionally I become a litde bloody-minded. Sometimes when I'm talking about America's internal enemies I let my anger get the better of me and I express a “let's hang them all” attitude toward these enemies. I've thought about this, and I'm inclined to agree with my critics. There's no point in talking about vengeance or punishment at this point in our struggle. It's counterproductive, and it's a sign of weakness on my part when I let my anger influence what I say. I'll try harder to overcome this weakness in the future.
At the same time I should mention that I'm a litde disappointed when I'm talking with another person about what's been done to our people and I don't see any sign of anger or passion in that person. Anger is an appropriate response to our situation. It only becomes inappropriate when it clouds our reason and hinders the effectiveness of our response to our enemies. We need to remain levelheaded and calm; we need to let reason rather than anger control our tongues and guide our planning; but deep inside there should be a white-hot anger driving us.
So I cannot promise not to be angry, but I do promise to try to keep my anger under control, to keep it from leading me to say foolish things. And it is foolish to talk about hanging America's internal enemies at a time when we are in no position to punish anyone. I'll not speak of punishment or vengeance again, until that position changes.
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
But there's another aspect of this criticism of my bloody-mindedness. Sometimes I look ahead a bit to where the government's policies are taking us, and I see some horrible and bloody things coming, and I have a feeling that some listeners would prefer not to hear about these things. They become uncomfortable or frightened when I speak of domestic terrorism or the breakdown of civil order in the United States and the death and suffering of many White Americans. I suspect that 200 years ago, just after the French Revolution, the French population of Haiti didn't want to hear what some of their more realistic members warned them was coming as a result of extending liberty, equality, and fraternity to their Black plantation workers.
It's not really bloody-mindedness that compels me to talk about these unpleasant prospects. It is my sense of responsibility. Americans who believe that they can elect or even tolerate governments like the one we have in Washington now and continue to be safe and secure indefinitely are not living in the real world. People who believe that eternal vigilance is too high a price to pay for their liberty inevitably will end up paying a much higher price, and they very well may pay it in vain. People need to be told this, whether they want to hear it or not.
The real world is not like it appears on television, where everything somehow works out ail right in the end. In the real world when people abdicate their responsibilities, they pay the price, very often in blood. When governments fall into the hands of criminals, the citizens ultimately will suffer. When the owners of a country become soft and lazy and open their borders to hungry aliens, they will be eaten alive. A lot of listeners might prefer not to think about it, but they really should. And I will continue to remind them of that.
One of the questions on our survey asked listeners which program they found most interesting. There were a number of favorites, but the easy winner was the program I did in February on the sinking of the German passenger liner Wilhelm Gustloff. Often I've heard from people that I
Dr. William Pierce
shouldn't talk about the Second World War. It makes people uncomfortable to be told that we fought on the wrong side in the war. A lot of older veterans, in particular, don't like to hear that. But I talk about subjects like the sinking of the Wilhelm Gust-loff and the rape of the women of Monte Cassino even if they make some people uncomfortable, because it is necessary for us to understand the history of the Second World War. It was a watershed era. It was the time when our enemies established their deathgrip on America. It was the time when we were tricked into committing — and assisting in the commission of — the most horrible atrocities of the modern era, atrocities against our own race. Our participation in the Second World War was an act of national and racial suicide. The policies that are destroying America today grew direcdy out of that war.
The popularity of the program on the Wilhelm Gustloff is good because it suggests that the prejudice against talking frankly about the Second World War may be dying, and that in the future more Americans may be willing to listen to the truth about that war. I intend to have more programs dealing with various aspects of that war.
There are some very important subjects which I've discussed from a viewpoint which is considered taboo in polite society, even by people who are not liberals and who agree with me on less “sensitive” matters. My viewpoint on the Second World War is an example. So is my viewpoint on racial matters. Both viewpoints are taboo, socially forbidden. People who agree with me about who committed the mass murders of Polish leaders in the Katyn Forest, who agree with me about the horrible atrocities committed by the communists, and who agree with me on nearly every other material and moral issue of the war will gasp and turn pale when I conclude that we fought on the wrong side. Our enemies have invested so much effort in blackening that point of view, in brainwashing our people against it, that people who are tabooconscious simply cannot overcome it. People who are able to take small steps which are Politically Incorrect simply cannot take such a large step. They think, often wrongly, that their friends would shun them if they did, and they wouldn't be invited to the “right” parties again.
Likewise, many people who will agree with me on most details of the racial problem run into a similar taboo when it comes to drawing conclusions as to what we must do about the racial problem. If what I propose to do in order to safeguard the future of our race seems “unfair” to other races, these taboo-bound people can't deal with it. At a polite dinner party they will discuss the wrongness of affirmative action, racial differences in intelligence, and the damage that racial integration has done to our society. But if I point out that the only way to deal with the racial problem is total, geographical racial separation by whatever means are necessary, they will strangle on their hors d'oeu-vres! Too big a taboo.
Some listeners have advised me to be a bit more cautious about running afoul of these taboos: if otherwise sympathetic listeners can't deal with it, then I shouldn't say it, they advise. Perhaps that makes sense in some cases. But I've got a pretty stubborn streak in me when it comes to dealing with the truth. It's seldom
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1998
15
that I'm willing to suppress a truth or to leave an important truth unstated because of a taboo. I am by nature just not much of a politician, diplomat, or lawyer. I don't want to alienate good people, of course, but I'm inclined to believe that the time is getting a bit late to do anything other than deal forthrighdy with the urgent matters feeing us. Many people prefer to remain polite, but I'm inclined to get down and dirty. And ultimately I believe that's the only way we can win.
After the criticism that I spend too much time talking about Clinton, the next most frequent criticism is that I don't provide solutions to the problems 1 present. “You tell us what's wrong with the system,” many listeners complained, “hut you don't tell us how to fix it. You don't tell us what to do about it.”
Well, actually, on a number of broadcasts I have said that what we must do now is build understanding. Ultimately, in order to fix things we need a total revolution. We need to weed out the people who have deceived, betrayed, and exploited us, and we need to completely redesign and rebuild the system and the institutions which have been corrupted. We need to build a new system which will not so easily fall prey to the abuses which have taken over the present system.
Before we can have a successful revolution, however, we must build understanding among our people. We must have a substantial portion of our people in agreement with us that the continuation of the present system is intolerable and will lead to chaos and disaster. We must have agreement that a revolution is necessary — then
there will be a revolution. But understanding and agreement must come first. We must not act blindly or foolishly or prematurely.
Therefore, my own efforts have been directed toward building understanding, and I suggest that you help with these efforts. I've said that often, but perhaps I haven't been concrete enough or specific enough. So now I'll try to be more specific and concrete.
What can we do about the lunacy which is wrecking our country, derailing our civilization, and threatening our race with extinction? What can we do to get the inmates back into their cages and put the keepers in control of the asylum again? The general answer is “build understanding.” But specifically, what I am doing in that direction is broadcasting 12 times each week, on 10 different radio stations in the United States. One of these stations reaches the whole world via shortwave twice each week. The other stations reach local audiences in about a dozen states through the AM and FM broadcast bands. That's not much compared with what it could be and what it should be, but it's a beginning. I'm reaching a growing audience, both direedy by radio and also through the Internet, where my programs can be heard too.
So specifically, that is one of the things I am doing to build understanding. I know that it is having some effect in that direction, just because the listenership is growing, and so are the responses.
I have said that you can help with this effort. There are several ways in which you can help. You can send money. It costs a lot of money to put this program on the air. The more
money listeners send, the more stations we can get and the more people we can reach. If you can send money, then you should do it. You shouldn't assume that you don't have to because other people will.
There also are other things you can do to help build understanding. Instead of listening to these programs by yourself and keeping them a secret, you can tell other people about them. You can get other people to listen with you. Use every medium you can to help new listeners find us. Mention this program, with the time and frequency, on radio talk shows. Mention it in letters to the editor of your local newspaper. Buy extra copies of Free Speech and give them to people you think might be interested. The prices are below the masthead on the first page. Or get a tape of each week’s show sent to you for $300 a year; then you can give copies of the tapes to people who you think are open to our ideas. Many people chip in with their friends for a tape subscription and then share the tapes.
And if you really want to help on a continuing and regular basis — if you want to be involved in a program of very specific things you can do to help me build understanding — then you can become a member of the National Alliance. Write to the address at the bottom of the page and ask for an application form, and we will send one to you.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Building Understanding,” aired on April 11, 1998. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
You Can Participate in the Survey too.
Please write your answers to these questions on a piece of paper and mail them to us. Try not to be influenced by what you have read about others’ responses. 1. Which American Dissident Voices program has been your favorite so far? Please give the date and the title. If you
can't remember either the date or the title, briefly describe the sublet
2.	What was it about this program that you especially liked?
3.	Which program did you like least?
4.	What was it about this program that you especially dislikedT
5.	In general, what do you especially like in ADVprograms?
6.	In general, what do especially not like in ADV programs?
77s* Tr?
fin
il to:
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 Hfll$}oro,WV 24946
A
.L.MIM VVMI W
Tt
© 1998 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year