IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
The Tragedy of Chautauqua K County
Dr, William Pierce
* / ct;
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.
— John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • DECEMBER 1997 • VOLUME 111, NO. 12
Evelyn Hill, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10.
Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive
audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.	—   '
The Tragedy Of Chautauqua County
[The Promise Keeper^
Dr. William Pierce
The Lesson of Haiti!
Dr. William Pierce
Exposing the Warmongers
Dr. William Pierce
A few weeks ago we were treated to yet another case of a Black sexual Predator with AIDS infecting as many White girls as possible with his lethal disease by having sex with them. Nushawn Williams, a small-time drug dealer, car thief, armed robber, ana would-be “rap artist,” liked to take the bus from his Brooklyn, New York, neighborhood to Chautauqua County in the mosdy White, western part of New York state and find young White rls to seduce. He haa sex with a rge number of White schoolgirls in the county, some as young as 13, and infected many of them with the AIDS
L .	,
When AIDS cases began show-tog up among schoolgirls in the bounty public health officials became alarmed. They didn't tell die police what they knew about the Black AIDS carrier who had been infecting toJ girkhowever, because the homo-uaI lobl>V, which is politically very
powerful in New VoiW^; ^legislature to pass a law making
*****	<W<y	>>a*v < ;>**s**> <;<*■«* nmfe
f*i<i***>»	ixs^***


**>as	«w*\	y
******* mit***	j
f	-V	^	f/**•/*, '1/k irV A ‘rt¥A * .W. V
•	<«>, »<». v* M***	''***>+,	>+*+0/+**+**
A poster eventually distributed by health authorities in Chautauqua County.
illegal to release information about] AIDS carriers, even to the police. Finally, as the number of young girls infected by Nushawn Williams contin-
ued growing, health officials went to a judge and got permission to inform the police and the public about him. The case finally hit the newspapers in early November, where it made quite a sensation.
One thing that none of the news articles about Nushawn Williams mentioned was the fact that many of his victims were White girls, that he deliberately sought out white girls. The racial angle wasn't mentioned at all, as if it weren't important. One would have to have access to information not available to the general pub-lic to know that many or his victims were White, although anyone familiar with the demographics of Chautauqua County, New York, might suspect that he went there because it was a White area.
Newsweek magazine finally spilled the beans in its November 10 issue, which carried a lengthy story on Nushawn Williams, mostly trying to generate sympathy tor the Black criminal by detailing his “deprived* child-
FRHK SPEECH for December 1997
who therefore fail to train them to have an abhorrence of racial mixing.
Above all others the people responsible for what happened to those girls are the immensely powerful and unspeakably evil men who control the mass media in America. They are the men who promote ‘gangsta' rap” among young Whites who don't know any better: men like MTV owner Sumner Redstone and • Time-Warner boss Gerald Levin.
They are the men who control the television entertainment industry, which has such a powerful influence in shaping the attitudes and behavior of young people today — and which with increasing boldness promotes the idea of interracial sex, of interracial romance, as being fashionable. They are the owners of the syndicates which distribute comic strips and comic books for children portraying interracial groups as the desirable norm.
Now, nearly all of these powerful and evil men who control the mass media are jews, and they do what they do knowingly and deliberately. Anyone who has studied them understands that their aim is to encourage racial mixing among Whites and non-Whites. But they are not the only ones to blame. Everyone who collaborates with them, everyone who tolerates them, Jew or Gentile, also is to blame. The advertising agency bosses and the big corporation executives who^ promote racial mixing, “diversity,” and “multiculturalism” because the Jewish media bosses have made these things fashionable and because the advertising agency bosses and corporation executives believe that the more fashionable they appear to be the more money they will make are all to blame. Among these people, many of them Gentiles, who are to blame for what happened to those young girls in Chautauqua County are some of the richest men in the country. They are rich, powerful, intelligent men, understanding the consequences of their actions, but utterly irresponsible, caring only about their own wealth and power — men like Bill Gates, tor example, whose Microsoft Corporation sponsors advertising aimed at making White people teel guilty if they have racial feelings or prefer to be among their own kind.
And there are the politicians and bureaucrats, who hang on every word of the controlled media, cater to every whim of the media bosses, and
Students at a Chautauqua County high school who have been dismissed early for AIDS testing. Note that they are all White.
hood and the dysfunctional family in which he grew up. Newsweek didn't mention the racial aspects of the case either, but two of the teenaged victims who were pictured in the magazine were White, both blondes.
Williams used to hang around the school playgrounds to pick up White girls. He would treat them to some or his “gangsta' rap” lyrics, flash some of his gold jewelry, and promise them drugs in exchange for sex. He had sex with literally hundreds of young, White girls in this way. Dozens of them were infected with the AIDS virus and will die a horrible death as a result.
It is interesting to study the various reactions of the media to the Nushawn Williams case. Generally there is sympathy for his victims. Sometimes there is sympathy for him. Nearly all of the media suggest that what we need to do in response to such cases is teach young people to use condoms. One or two really bold columnists, willing to risk the wrath of the homosexual lobby, have suggested that the public's health is more important than die privacy of AIDS carriers, and so we ought to consider relaxing the ban on telling the police about AIDS-carrying criminals. But none of the media have mentioned the racial aspects of the case. ^That is an absolute no-no.
So who is to blame for what happened to those White schoolgirls in Chautauqua County? Is it the school officials who didn't impress on them strongly enough the need to use condoms? Is it the politicians in the state legislature who pandered to the homosexuals by making it more difficult for public health officials to warn the public about people like Nushawn Williams? Hardly. One almost suspects that these issues are raised by the media as a smokescreen to keep people from putting the blame where it really belongs.
I'll tell you who is to blame for what happened to those young, White girls in Chautauqua County. It is everyone who made it even thinkable for them to have a sexual relationship with a non-White. Everyone. It is the entire Politically Correct establishment. It is the school officials who distribute sex-education literature urging the use of condoms: literature which has cartoon-type illustrations showing young Whites and Blacks together and subliminally suggesting that one's sexual partner may he or any race. It is the Christian ministers who preach against the so-called sin of racism," leading young White girls to feel guilty if they reject the advances of a Black male. It is the trendy parents who want their children to be Politically Correct above all else and
® 1997
Nauptuil Vanguard Hooks • Ho* 3 30 « Hillsboro * WV
24946
$4il
yci 4i
FREE SPEEC 'H for December 1997
3
to protect young White girls is called a “hate crime.” Any effort hy a White person even to warn other White people about animals of the Nushawn Williams type is denounced by these politicians and bureaucrats as “hate propaganda.”
rfl give you a specific example. The organization I head, the National Alliance, distributes stickers warning of the dangers of sex with Blacks. It warns that sex with a Black is far more likely, on the average, to lead to AIDS than is sex with another White
person. It warns that Black males are 14 times as likely to be AIDS carriers as heterosexual White males. We distribute these stickers because the government and the media don't warn the White public of the danger of sex with Blacks. The government and the media don't mention that Blacks are far more likely to be AIDS carriers than Whites. They don't warn people about this because they don't want to discourage sexual contacts between Blacks and Whites — quite the opposite, in fact.
Because the media and the government do not disseminate this important information about the danger of being sexually involved with Blacks, my organization works hard to provide this information to the public. And as a consequence our stickers are denounced as hate literature” by the mass media and by the politicians and bureaucrats who take their cue from the media — and these include police officials, for example, who certainly are aware of the AIDS dangers associated with Blacks, but who also are more interested in being Politically Correct, for the sake of their careers, than they are in protecting the public.
Now, it's one thing to assign blame for this problem — it's one thing to point out who is responsible
Don’t catch AIDS!
Don’t have sex with:
1.	Intravenous drug abusers
2.	Bisexuals
3.	Blacks (heterosexual Black males are 14 times as likely as Whites to be HIV carriers)
NATIONAL ALLIANCE POB 90 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 (Tel: 304-653-4600)
LMart to Affgrican Qwldenl Vottai on §hon#«vt radio: 73M HI PM | I, Stsurday
Sens —to WO ifctof	B £jj|	MU
This sticker is commonly called “hate propaganda” by the controlled media, but it might have prevented the deaths of some of the schoolgirls In Chautauqua County.
The media make young White girls think it is “cool” to act Black and to date Blacks.
eagerly dance to whatever tune they play. These are the politicians and bureaucrats who gave us forced racial integration in our schools and an assortment of so-called “fair housing” laws to force the racial integration of our residential neighborhoods, politicians and bureaucrats who have legislated and enforced “civil rights” laws and affirmative action programs and dozens of other programs and laws designed to “multiculturalize” what used to be a White country — a country in which it would have been unthinkable for a Black criminal to be allowed to hang around White schools trying to pick up White schoolgirls, and it would have been unthinkable for any White girl to respond to him.
These are the politicians and bureaucrats like Bill Clinton and his crew who are currendy engaged in a massive governmental program to “pull America together,” as they like to say, and further encourage the mixing of Blacks and Whites. They are the politicians and bureaucrats who have followed the Jewish lead and defined any effort by White people to protect themselves from non-Whites
_ u\ n
as hate/
Any sort of action taken by a White person against the Nushawn Williamses of this world in an effort
© 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box i30 • Hillsboro i WV 24946 • $ 4 0/ye at
Comic strip hero, Superboy and his new, mulatta girlfriend. The media are trying to get young boys to think interracial dating is normal and fun.
for making our young girls victims of Nushawn Williams and other Black sexual predators — and it's quite another thing to solve this problem, to punish those responsible and ensure that they do no more damage.
And let me assure you, this is a problem we must solve. Not because one Black criminal has destroyed the lives of a few dozen White girls. After all, many of the girls affected were pretty trashy: the most empty-headed and fashion-conscious of MTV fans, the sort that it's better, for eugenic reasons, to have removed from our breeding population anyway. No, the Nushawn Williams case is important because it is symbolic of the moral rot of our people.
It's not a Black problem that we must solve; it's a White problem. We don't care how Blacks behave among themselves; that's their problem. Our problem is that we permit Black behavior to affect us. Our problem is that we haven't got our own affairs in order; we haven't got control of our own destiny. We used to have a White country. We used to have our affairs under control. But we permitted the Jews to gain control of our mass media, our news and entertainment media, and we permitted the
1;RH; SPBKCII fc>r
I )eccmber 1997
treachery. Eventually we must k them down and get rid of them. TV presence among us makes us rn^ unclean and more ill than the nr? ence of the Blacks.	^
All of us understand, of course that not all Blacks behave like Nu4 awn Williams. And we don't blame all Blacks for what happened to those White schoolgirls. We don't even blame Nushawn Williams. We blame the fact that the Blacks were brought into our midst. What happened in Chautauqua County couldn't have happened if we hadn't brought Blacks — the good ones and the bad ones together — into our midst. They must all go — the good with the bad - and work out their own destiny, while we work out ours.
And we understand that not every Jew, not every politician, not every newspaper editor, and not every homosexual approved of what Nuslv awn Williams did. But we also under-stand that it was their collective policies, it was the result of all of them working together, which produced the tragedy of Chautauqua County.
Eventually we will solve our problem, eventually we will ensure that there will be no more tragedies of this sort, by dealing with these people collectively. It is enough that all of these people supported the general policies which led to Chautauqua. It is enough that they supported racial integration and they all spoke out against White racism. It is enough that they all kept silent when they should have warned our people. It is enough that not one of them pointed out the racial aspects of the Nushawn Williams case. For that we will hold them all responsible, and we will deal with them all together: the White Christian preacher who preached from his pulpit about the “sin of racism;” the White politician who catered to the minorities and danced to the Jewish tune to get elected; the White school official, police chief, or government bureaucrat who was careful always to pay lip service to the latest trend in race-mixing policy promoted by the Jewish media. We will deal with them ail.
You know, when I have said things like this before, a lot of can-
The girl on the right was infected with AIDS by Nushawn Williams
traitors among us to collaborate with the jews, and together they led us off the correct path and into the present morass, where the sort of thing that happened in Chautauqua County can happen and will happen with increasing frequency in the future.
They confused and misled our people. They persuaded us that we owed the non-Whites of the world a living, that we had to take them into our midst and 1ex them into our schooU and neighborhoods and let our sisters and our daughters run with them. They told us mat wt were racists and hatstt if wt objected to
They persuaded the more impressionable of our young people that Black music and Black manners and Black It.fe-atyles were fashionable and ou^ht to I nr imitated. Th at s why the
'*-«^***^§i*	7.-r	-
White sth<M*lgins in 1haut-ujqua
County let themselves be infected with AIDS by Nushawn Williams. And trashy though those schoolgirls may have been, it's the sort of thing that we must not allow to continue happening. We must cut the moral rot out of our people that permitted it to happen. We must root out of our society those who introduced and cultivated and encouraged that moral rot, and we must destroy them so that they can never do that sort of thing again.
Ultimately, we must separate ourselves from the Blacks and other non-Whites and keep ourselves separate, no matter what it takes to accomplish this. We must do this not because we hate Blacks, hut because we cannot survive if we remain mixed with them. And we cannot survive if we permit the Jews and the traitors among us to remain among us and to repeat their
(is i * frlciiujiml Vimjfuutd tiiAjki • liiu 110 * Hillsboro * WV 24^4^ *
FRHK SPEECH for December 1997
5
tious, timid conservatives have responded by saying that 1 am too extreme, that I should not talk about America's situation in such rough terms. They hope, even if they do not believe, that there is some nice way of arresting America's decline, some safe and easy way of keeping things from getting any worse, some way that will permit them to continue taking their ease and enjoying their comforts and luxuries without stirring themselves, without taking any chances.
Let me remind you that I am a pretty conservative fellow myself. I'm not a wild-eyed bomb thrower at all. But I do like to face facts. I do like to look reality right in the eye and not pretend that it's something else. And the reality of our present situation is this: You won't be allowed to continue enjoying your ease and your comfort much longer. The situation is snowballing. Yesterday it was an empty-headed piece of White trash named Nicole Brown. Today it is a bunch of empty-headed, trendy schoolgirls in Chautauqua County, New York. And tomorrow it will be your daughter or your sister. Too many people do what the Jews persuade them it is fashionable to do. You cannot isolate yourself from what is being done to your people. It will be done to you too. You cannot continue to enjoy yourself indefinitely when the very basis for the society in which you are living already has been destroyed, already has been rotted out.
Fortunately, more and more ordinary White men and women are beginning to realize that. More and more of mem are beginning to understand and to accept that the only way that their children and their grandchildren will have a future in America is to have a total revolution. They are
Nushawn Williams (on the left) and friends show off their jewelry.
beginning to understand that no matter how destructive that revolution will be, just letting things go on as they have been will be much, much worse. Nushawn Williams has helped them to understand that. And when what happened to those White schoolgirls in Chautauqua County happens to your sister or to your daughter, perhaps you will understand it too.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Tragedy of Chautauqua County,” aired on November 15, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech.
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
Mail to:
Name:
Address:
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40
The Promise Keepers
If you watch the news on television regularly, I'm sure you saw the huge get-together of so-called “Promise Keepers” in Washington: hundreds of thousands of mostly White men hugging each other, holding hands, and rocking back and forth with their eyes closed. Some of them were shaking and crying or singing and clapping their hands much like one used to see in an old-fashioned revival tent. I was fascinated by the phenomenon — and by the reaction of various elements to it.
The most interesting reaction was that of the feminist organizations. They clearly were worried. They did not like the idea of a large number of White males gathered together for any purpose. Some of the feminist commissars made cautious statements to the media. They expressed their concern about the Political Incorrectness of men getting together as men. They saw this as a very dangerous development What if the all-male Promise Keepers, said to have nearly three million members, decided to use their numbers politically? Suppose they decided to back candidates for public office or to express their collective opinion on some matter of public policy. The very thought gave them the cold shivers.
On such matters as abortion for convenience the Promise Keepers, as a fundamentalist Christian group, do not share the views of the feminists. And the Promise Keepers disagree with the feminists on such matters as lesbianism and homosexuality in general — although, a lot of male homosexuals must have been looking with considerable interest at all of those linen hugging each other.
The concerns of the feminists went beyond specific issues such as abortion for convenience and lesbianism, however. They were profoundly disturbed by the fact that the Promise Keepers were an unapproved group. It's fine for Blacks to organize, or Jews, or homosexuals, or women, certainly, hut heterosexual White men are the cneiiiy.They're not supposed to organize. They're supposed to be kept disorganized, confused, and
Bill McCartney
impotent, so that they can't get in the way of “progress” and the march toward a New World Order.
But the more I learn about the Promise Keepers, the more I'm inclined to believe that they really won't be much of an obstacle on the road to a New World Order. On the truly essential issues, they are already there. Consider race, for example. The founder of the group, Bill McCartney, used to be a football coach at the University of Colorado, where I got my doctorate, and his daughter used to love the Black players on his team. He seems to be proud of the fact that he now has two non-White grandchildren sired by different members of the team.
Although there are very few Blacks among the rank and file membership of Promise Keepers, it's not from lack of trying on McCartney's part. He has an affirmative action hiring program for his organization which has resulted in his office staff being fully one-third non-White. He has vigorously recruited non-White directors for the governing board of the group. At Promise Keepers rallies
held anywhere near the Mexican border, he literally buses in thousands of mestizos to add “racial diversity” to the audiences. He talks about the meaninglessness of borders. His meetings often feature Jewish, Black and other non-White preachers, and he uses posters and banners picturing Whites and non-Whites together.
And he always plays the White racial guilt card. At a meeting of 30,000 men, nearly all of them White, held in the New Orleans Superdome last summer, McCartney complained about the lack of non-Whites in the audience. “Where are the men of color?” he asked. And then he continued, “I want to tell you why they're not here. There's a spirit of White racial superiority that exists in this nation. It's an insensitivity to the pain of men of color. We have not been washing their feet. We have not been feeling their pain.” Whenever the opportunity presents itself, McCartney will get down on his knees, pull off the shoes of any Black within reach, and give a personal demonstration of foot-washing.
Now, it's really not important whether one marches toward the New World Order with a copy of the Bible in one's hand, or a copy of Das Kapi-tal. It doesn't matter whether one's admission pass is signed by Jesus or by Karl Marx. I really hate to say bad things about anyone that the feminists don't like, but the fact of the matter is that the Promise Keepers, on the basis of their racial doctrines alone, are a dangerous and destructive
group.
Perhaps patriots should be grateful that the feminists have a new group to worry about and to contend with on social issues, but patriots should not let themselves be fooled into believing that Promise Keepers can be our allies, just because they are saying the right things on some issues: just because they condemn homosexuality, for example, or because they deplore the decay of the institution of family. They are so dead wrong on race that nothing else they
(Q 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box HO * Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/yeur
FREE SPEECH fot December 1997
7
sav or do can possibly compensate for
this.
Racial egalitarianism and the encouragement ot racial mixing are not the only problems with the Promise Keepers. There's something basically unhealthy about these people — 1 might almost say unmanly. When I watch a group of them doing their thing — holding hands and rocking back and forth with their eyes closed and praying aloud — I become distinctly uncomfortable. I mean, these are grown men. Why are they doing this? Is this religion? Or is it some sort of feel-good group therapy?
The whole thrust of the Promise Keepers' doctrine bothers me, with its emphasis on guilt, confession, self-flagellation, submission, and the washing of Black feet. I realize that there are different currents in Christianity which have come to the fore at different periods in history, but there's something distinctly un-White, something essentially Levantine rather than European, about the current in the Promise Keepers' doctrine. I really don't like this soft and weepy “forgive me, oh Lord, for I am a sinner” approach to the problems we are facing as a race when what's needed is the vigorous use of a whip to drive the destructive and unhealthy elements out of our society.
Even if we had to deal only with the problem of trying to repair the damage which has been done to the American family and oppose the feminists who are largely responsible for that damage, and even if we had to deal with this problem in a Christian manner, we wouldn't need the Mother Theresa approach of the Promise Keepers; we would need instead a much firmer approach. I believe the situation we are in calls for
the attitude of the H^-century papal legate who was asked by a military leader attacking a city in southern France —■ a city which was a stronghold of heretics — how his soldiers could tell who was a heretic and who was not. The papal legate answered simply; “Kill them all. God will sort them out.”
I don't believe that we need to take a religious approach at all to fixing America. However, when dealing with radical feminists, 1 do believe
Promise Keepers form a ring and hold hands.
that the proper approach is closer to that of the papal legate in 13th-century France than it is to that of Mother Theresa. They are an incurably sick bunch.
There's something else that bothers me about the Promise Keepers. It's the style as well the content of their doctrine. Let me go back to what I mentioned a minute ago about their penchant for holding hands and weeping and confessing their sins to strangers in big meetings. These things are not just incidental or peripheral. The men in Promise Keepers are told that this sort of behavior is not only acceptable, but it is necessary. It is a constant at their meetings. It is the central feature.
What this reminds me of more than anything else is so-called “sensitivity training,” a brainwashing technique that is very effective with a certain type of person with a weak sense of personal identity, a low level of self-esteem, and a strong need for group acceptance. It is a technique that can be used very effectively to change many people's ideas and behavior. The Communists mastered the technique back in the 1920s anti 1930s and used it on a huge scale. The public confessions they obtained with the method are notorious. Totlay the U.S. government and many busi-
nesses use the technique to force White people to change their attitudes on racial matters. Cults also use the technique to control the thinking of their members. It makes zombies of people: the right sort of people, that is, people who are susceptible to the technique.
I am alarmed by the fact that there are so many of our people who are susceptible. This is a time which demands strength from us. The problems we are facing require every bit of manliness we can muster. Among the attributes of a man are a sense of personal dignity, of self-worth, and of self-reliance. This is true of a White man whether he is a Christian or not. The sort of self-abasement we see at every meeting of Promise Keepers is contrary to our concept of manhood. It is much more in accord with the feminists' idea of what a man should be like: weepy and submissive.
We live in an unnatural environment these days which is confusing to our instincts, whether we are men or women. Most boys, in particular, are not raised in a way which naturally strengthens and develops the manly virtues. Boys raised on a farm a century ago were given work to do from the time they could walk. Everyone was expected to pull his own weight. This helped a boy develop a sense of self-worth and self-reliance. And boys learned from a close working association with their fathers what was expected of a man. This association all too often is absent today and in nearly ail cases is gready attenuated in comparison to what it used to be. In very few families today does a boy have an opportunity to do any meaningful work widi his father.
On top of this is a Politically Correct educational system which makes things much worse by de-emphasizing everything which used to contribute to a boy's sense of identity and to help him acquire a strong set ot standards and values. Take a close look sometime at the old McGuftey's Readers, which were used 100 years teach young Americans in mentary schools how to build their vocabulary a Style while strengthens^ standing ot grammar spelling. Nearly every
enciyw fr»r December 1997
One of the Promise Keepers was quoted by the New York Times as saying, “I’m a recovering alcoholic and a recovering drug addict, and I’m just trying to find something to replace drinking and taking drugs.”
a moral lesson, beginning with very simple lessons, of the sort found in Aesop's fables, and progressing to stories which illustrated and praised the virtues of courage, truthfulness, courtesy, honesty, diligence, chivalry, loyalty, and industry. Personal dignity too. Many of the stories were based on historical incidents, ranging from Roman times to the American Revolution. By the time a boy had progressed through the whole series of readers and finished elementary school he had been exposed to dozens of historical role models and had developed a strong sense of identity: that is, a historical sense of who his people were and what they were like, what they had gone through during (heir htstovy, what their values were, "id what they Ixrlieved. And he had quired at least a rudimentary con-rpt of personal honor, lie might still grow up to be a crook or a bum, but at least he knew the difference between honorable and dishonorable ■behavior.
blow, of course, to modern educators the MoGuffey Readers are intolerably racist and sexist. The values they teach are European values, Vl/hite val-ues, and dial just won t do in a multiracial society. The concept of proper
behavior is one thing for Europeans and something quite different for Africans or Chinese. The same objection is raised against the historical lessons. Why should boys learn from anecdotes about Romans or Germans instead of Zulus and Ubangis? And to teach boys bravery and chivalry really gets the feminists steamed. So the McGuffey Readers and everything like them were tossed out long ago, our schools have become what they are today, and it is no wonder that a great many of the young men who pass through them are confused and disoriented — not to mention the young women.
Then, there is the effect of the modern entertainment media, primarily television. I won't even get into that. Let it suffice to say that many of the problems in our society the Promise Keepers talk about are real problems, and they need to be dealt with. But the men who are attracted to the Promise Keepers also have problems in rsonal problems — and those problems need to be dealt with too, hut not in the way the Promise Keep ers of any of the other cults deal with the {personal problems of the people they attract. 1 hese personal problems, these (Hisonal weaknesses, which
0 1997
National Vanguard Book* * llox 110 » Hilltboro * WV
2494o • MO&
have arisen because of flaws which have developed in our society - jn our life-styles, our educational system our mass media — are exploited by the cults to win converts. The cults depend on these weaknesses, and they are much more interested in taking advantage of them than in curing them.
Which is to say that when the Promise Keepers encounter a man whose sense of manly propriety and manly dignity has gone so awry that he is attracted, rather than repulsed, by the spectacle of other men hugging each other in public, confessing their “sins” to each other, and looking for Black men whose feet they can wash, the Promise Keepers encourage him to join and do these things himself, rather than trying to help him get a grip on himself and behave the way a man should behave.
This is a fundamental flaw that all cults have. They attract people who have serious personal problems, and in order to do that they encourage and exacerbate these problems rather than trying to cure them. Some cults become quite large and quite strong by this strategy and are even able to achieve certain goals using their flawed members. But I find this whole cult strategy extremely distasteful.
One of the goals of the Promise Keepers is strengthening the American family, but I'm dubious about their prospects for success in the long run. It becomes a case of the blind trying to lead the blind. It becomes a case of the more seriously flawed men in our society setting out to cure the problems which contributed to their flaws. If we are to cure what's wrong with the American family, then we need men with a strong sense of identity and self-worth, men who know who they are and what they want, to tackle the problem. We need self-reliant men, not men who are attracted to a cult like a moth to a candle.
One of the unfortunate things about life in America at the end of the 20th century is that we'll be seeing a lot more of cults in the next few years, cults of all sorts. As American society continues to unravel, more and more men and women will be grasping for straws, grasping tor something to hold to, grasping for something
which promises to give them the sense or security and certainty which they so desperately need.
But die solution to our problems, the cure for our ailing society, will not come from these cults: certainly not from a cult which encourages white men to wash the feet of Black men and whose leader boasts of his mixed-race grandchildren. We can only have a healthy society again by solving the problems of life-style, education, and mass media.
We can only have a healthy society and healthy families again when we are able to return to the sort of life-style which allows children to
FREE SPEECH for December 1997
work together with their parents and learn from their parents — boys from their fathers and girls from their mothers — and when our educational system has shaken off the last trace of Political Correctness, and our entertainment media, as well as our news media, have been taken out of the hands of Jews.
This does not mean that we must return to the past and all grow up on farms like we did a century ago and all read McGuffey's Readers in school. But it does mean that we must restore to our lives the essential elements from our past which allowed us to be healthy then, and we must
9
get rid of the unhealthy elements and influences which have taken their place. And when we have done that we will have many fewer of the sort of people who look for solutions to their personal problems in cults. It will be a long and difficult task, and we'd better get started soon.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Promise Keepers,” aired on October 25, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Lesson of Haiti
This month the last of the United Nations “peacekeeping” troops in Haiti will leave, and the Haitians will be given yet another chance to try to govern themselves. The “peacekeepers” occupied Haiti, along with 23,000 U.S. troops, three years ago, in order to force the government of General Raoul Cedras to resign so that a Clinton favorite, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, could be installed as president. The reasons presented to the American public for this interference in Haiti's affairs were that General Cedras was a “dictator” and that he didn't respect the “human rights” of the Haitians. Mr. Clinton's friend Aristide, on the other hand, was said to be a “democrat” and a respecter of human rights.
Actually, Aristide is a former priest turned Marxist whose idea of respecting human rights is to incite mobs of his supporters to murder his political opponents by breaking their arms, wiring a gasoline-soaked tire around their necks, and burning them to death — a procedure known as "neddadng.” Well, that's about par for making a country safe for democracy the United Nations way!
However, the Haitians didn't care much more for Mr. Clinton's Marxist buddy Aristide than they did for General Cedras, and Aristide is out of office again and the Haitians are about to be allowed to run things themselves once more. Well, almost. Five hundred U.S. troops will remain in the country to keep an eye on
things. They will call for more help if the need to “make Haiti safe for democracy” arises again.
The Clintonistas aren't bragging very loudly about the success of their latest effort in that direction, because the situation in Haiti is just about as grim today as it was before the United Nations stuck its nose into things three years ago. About the only significant change is that the flood of Haitian “boat people” washing up on Florida's beaches has slowed somewhat, but that flood was caused in the first place by an embargo imposed on Haiti by the U.S. government in an unsuccessful attempt to force General Cedras out, and the consequent damage to Haiti's already pitifully weak economy. When the embargo was removed, many Haitians decided to stay at home and share in the new goodies brought to them by the Clinton administration.
The U.S. troops built roads, schools, and clinics and pumped a few billion U.S. dollars into the Haitian economy, but a survey of the results of all this effort is not encouraging. The streets of Port-au-Prince still reek of garbage and human waste, political corruption is as bad as it ever was, and violent crime is on the rise. The new roads and clinics built by the United States merely add a superficial appearance of improvement, so that the tourist industry is able to begin making a little money again, but the basic situation of Haiti and the lives of most Haitians remain unchanged.
This sort of thing has happened over and over again in Haiti. It seems that we would have learned something from it. In the 18*“ century Haiti, then called Saint-Domingue and ruled by the French, was the most prosperous colony in the New World. Its enormously fertile soil produced a great abundance of crops and drew thousands of White French settlers. Unfortunately, Black slaves from Africa were imported to help with the work.
In the late 1700's the madness of the French Revolution, with its truly nutty doctrine of racial equality, infected many Frenchmen, and the Black plantation workers were encouraged to revolt. When they did they brutally murdered every White man, woman, and child in the colony and declared Haiti a republic. What had been the richest and most productive part of the New World promptly sank back to an African level of squalor, misery, and poverty. The roads and cities built by the French fell into ruin. A peculiarly African mixture of anarchy and despotism took the place of French law and order.
A little over a century later, in 1915, following an especially chaotic and bloody period, U.S. Marines were sent into Haiti to force a semblance of order on the country. The reason for sending them was to safeguard American business interests in Haiti, although President Wilson told Americans that the Marines were
1997 » National Vanguard Hooks * Box 330 * Hillsboro S WV 24946 « $4Q/year
10
:RE
SPEECH for December 1997
Haitian sentries, circa 1900
being sent to “bring democracy to Haiti.” The Marines remained in Haiti for 19 years. They not only enforced governmental stability there, but they also built schools and hospitals, a modern telephone system, and more than 1,000 miles of paved roads with 210 bridges. The U.S. government trained Haitian teachers and doctors. We really gave the Haitians the basis for a fresh start. As soon as the U.S. Marines pulled out in 1934, however, the Haitians returned to their own way of doing things, which is to say, to indolence, corruption, and Voodoo. Everything the Americans had built for them gradually returned to the jungle.
In 1958 the United States sent the Marines to Haiti again, this time with the aim of rebuilding the country's economy and infrastructure so that it would not succumb to Communist influences. We propped up the regime of “Papa Doc” Duvalier, who had been trained in medicine during our first incursion into Haiti, but who was a practitioner of Voodoo as well. He was a brutal and bloody dictator. Again we spent hundreds of millions of dollars rebuilding what the Haitians had wrecked and training thousands of them in the skills needed to keep die country running. But when we pulled out again, the country immediately returned to its old ways: its African ways.
And in 1994 we tried the same foolishness all over again, claiming that we were “restoring democracy” to Haiti.
Why can't we accept the plain and simple truth that it is as impossible to make democrats out of the Haitians as it is to teach them how to maintain their own roads? Why can't we understand that the Haitians are fundamentally different from us, that they are Africans, not Europeans like us: that they are Negroes, and that left to themselves they must do things in the way Negroes always have done them, with indolence, corruption, and Voodoo?
I have in front of me a book on Haiti written by a British scholar, a fellow of the Royal Geographic Society, following his extended travels in Haiti at the beginning of this century. The book was published by Thomas Nelson and Sons, with offices in London, Edinburgh, Dublin, and New York. The author is Hesketh Prichard, and the title of his book is Where Black Rules White: A Journey Across and About Hayti. Prichard chose his title because he was especially interested in the fact that Haiti was a country ruled entirely by its Black population, without the White colonial domination that was present nearly everywhere else in the non-White world at that time. The only Whites in the country were a tew
<&> 1997 » National Van gwtmi liouks • Box i |@ • Hi lb boro * WV 24946 « $40/>t*t»r
hundred businessmen and their agents in the coastal cities. These Whites were not treated well by the government or people of Haiti.
Prichard was basically sympathetic to the Blacks and wanted to see how they lived when they had been introduced to civilization by Whites but were then left completely free to do as they wished, without White control. He writes of Haiti in the first chapter of his book: “There the law of the world is reversed, and the Black man rules. It is one of the few spots on earth where his color sets the Negro upon a pedestal and gives him privileges. The full-blooded African is paramount; even the mulattos and half-breeds are disliked and have been barbarously weeded out as time has passed.”
One of the first things Prichard notes about Haiti is the pervasive filth. He was not expecting sanitation to be up to European standards, of course, but he was stunned by the degree of filth he actually encountered, not just in the villages but also in the capital city, Port-au-Prince. And he was struck by the caricatures of finery and elegance which thrived in the midst of this filth. For example, he noticed that every Haitian of any importance at all bore the title of “general” and was equipped with a gaudy general's uniform, replete with gold braid and all the other trimmings. When he inquired into the military establishment in Haiti, where the total population at that time was under two million, he discovered that the Haitian Army boasted 6,500 generals, 7,000 regimental officers, and 6,500 privates.
Prichard recounts a conversation he had one evening with three Haitian generals. It is a conversation with a surrealistic quality, as are many other things in Haiti. At one level the Black generals are able to converse with a semblance of knowledge of military matters, but at another level it is clear that they are completely out of touch with reality. One is reminded of the classical stereotype of die African cannibal wearing an opera hat arid a loincloth.
Prichard's book is filled with fascinating anecdotes and with detailed descriptions of his personal expert-
FREE SPEECH for December 1997
11
ences with various facets of Haitian life. He remarks on the good-natured, open-hearted character of the people, who could nevertheless commit the most blood-curdling atrocities at the least provocation.. The extreme degree of corruption of the Haitian bureaucracy elicits special attention from Prichard, as does the utterly capricious wav in which it operates. The dispensing of justice, in particular, is a caricature of European systems, in which many of the same outward forms are observed.
Prichard also comments on the religious beliefs and practices of the Haitians. The official religion, which they inherited from their former French masters, is Roman Catholicism, but the true religion of the people is Voodoo, a peculiarly African religion with Catholic touches. In religion as in other aspects of Haitian life there is a bizarre blending of White forms with Black substance.
Later in his book Prichard generalizes from many of his observations to reach a fundamental conclusion about life in Haiti: namely, that in all matters regarding their connections with the White world, with White civilization, the Haitians are more concerned with show than with substance, and their ability to mimic the characteristics of White people, both individually and collectively, persuades many people who observe them only superficially and who want to believe them equal that they really are equal.
Prichard writes:	“What most
astonishes the traveler in Hayti is that they have everything there. Ask for what you please, the answer invariably is, ‘Yes, yes, we have it.’ They possess everything that a civilized and progressive nation can desire. Electric light? They proudly point to a I power] plant on a hilltop outside the town. Constitutional government? A Chamber of Deputies elected by public vote, a Senate, and all the elaborate paraphernalia of the law: they are to be found here, seemingly all of them. Institutions, churches, schools, roads, railways .... On paper their system is flawless. ... If one puts one's trust in the mirage of hearsay, the Haitians can boast of possessing all desirable things, but on nearer
C? 1997 * National Vanguurd Bookt » Box 3 30 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/ycat
Black military personnel, 1997
approach these pleasant prospects are apt to take on another complexion.
“For instance, you are standing in what was once a building, but is now a spindle-shanked ghost of its former self. A single man, nursing a broken leg, sprawls on the black, earthen floor; a pile of wooden beds is heaped in the north corner; rain has formed a pool in the middle of the room, crawling and spreading into an ever wider circle as the last shower drips from the roof. Some filthy sheets lie wound into a sticky ball on two beds, one of which is overturned. A large, iron washing tub stands in the open doorway.
“Now where are you? It would be impossible to guess. As a matter of fact, you are in the Military Hospital of the second most important town of Hayti, a state-supported concern in which the soldiers of the Republic are supposed to be cured of all the ills of the flesh. . . .
“It was the same with the electric light. The [power! plant was here, but it did not work. It was the same with the (Army's] cannon. There are cannon, but they won't go off. It was the same with their railways. They were being ‘hurried forward/ but they never progressed. It was the same with everyth ing.**
There are many more examples. What had dawned on Prichard is that the Haitians really don't care. To
them the imitation of civilization is as good as the real thing. They believe that if they are able to dress like White men and speak the White man’s language and mimic the White man’s institutions, then they are as good as White men. And I believe what Prichard observed of the Haitians applies equally well to Blacks in the United States today.
Prichard ends his book with a chapter tided “Can the Negro Rule Himself?” And he answers his question:
“The present condition of Hayti gives the best possible answer to the question, and, considering the experiment has lasted for a century, perhaps also a conclusive one. For a century the answer has been working itself out there in flesh and blood. The Negro has had his chance, a fair field, and no favor. He has had the most beautiful and fertile of the Caribbees for his own; he has had the advantage of excellent French laws; he inherited a made country, with Cap Haitien for its Paris .... Here was a wide land sown with prosperity, a land of wood, water, towns and plantations, and in the midst of it the Black man was turned loose to work out his own salvation, What has he made of the chancevS that were given to him?”
Prichard then summarizes the century of Haiti’s independent existence, running through a list of Black
FREE SPEECH for December 1997
rulers and strongmen, of revolutions and massacres and disorders. He winds up his survey with these words: “Suffice it to say that. . . [Hayti'sJ best president was Geffrard, a mulatto, and that the dictatorship of her Black heads of state always has been marked by a redder smear than usual upon the page of history. The better, the wiser, the more enlightened and less brutalized class has always been composed of the mulattos, and the Blacks have recognized the fact and hated the mulatto element accordingly. But to pass from the earlier days of independence to more recent times: we had not long ago the savage rule of President Salomon, a notorious sectary of snake worship, beneath whose iron hand the country groaned for years, and public executions, assassinations, and robbery were the order of the day. And at the present time? Today in Hayti we come to the real crux of the question. At the end of a hundred years of trial how does the Black man govern himself? What progress has he made? Absolutely none.”
That's the way it was a century ago, when Prichard wrote, and that's essentially the way it is today, despite three large-scale efforts by the United States during this century to improve the lot of the Haitians.
Why is all of this important to us? A century ago Prichard was by no
Jean-Claude “Baby Doc” Duvalier, one of Haiti’s numerous strongmen, with his wife.
means an unusual man of his class. He went to Haiti, he carefully observed life there in great detail over an extended period, and he drew logical and reasonable conclusions from his observations. Other scholars of his day could have done the same thing. But it is unimaginable that a scholar today, whether from Britain or America, could make observations like Prichard did, draw similar conclusions, and then publish his conclusions in a book by a mainstream publisher. It is simply not possible.
In the first place, one would be hard pressed to find a scholar from any university in America or Britain today who would have the courage to write honestly about Haiti, because he knows that if he did he would be condemned as a “racisti 1
and would be drummed out of the academy. And even if someone did write a book with observations and conclusions similar to Prichard's, no mainstream publisher would touch it. That's how far downhill our civilization has slid in a century.
The Haitians have their Voodoo, with all of its disgusting and bizarre beliefs and practices. And we have our cult of Political Correctness, our cult of egalitarianism. It is a cult based as much on superstition and as devoid of reason and logic as the Voodoo of the Haitians. And it exercises as strong a hold on its adherents. A Haitian would as soon offend a Voodoo witch doctor and risk having a curse put on himself as one of our modern scholars would risk being labeled a “racist!”
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Lesson of Haiti,” aired on November 8, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
and noisy faction
Exposing the Warmongers
Every evening when I have aimed on the television news during the past few weeks, the message has had the same theme: Saddam Hussein must be stopped! Saddam Hussein is a danger to America! We must destroy Saddam Hussein! About the only difference I've noticed in these daily news messages is that they're steadily becoming more strident, more demanding, more imperative: We must destroy Saddam Hussein! And in support of this message the television people are using all of their tricks to stir up public opinion in favor of another war against Iraq. Day after day we hear thing* like: “Saddam continues to defy the United Nations, Saddam thumbs his nose at
America. Saddam challenges us to do something about his illegal actions.”
These inflammatory comments are made against a background of old film footage of Saddam in his military uniform, grinning at us. NBC's news anchor Tom Brokaw seems really impatient: “Why don't we take out Saddam now?” he asks. “Why don't we just go in there and kill him? What are we waiting for?” That's pretty much the refrain heard from all of the news commentators.
Now, how exactly is Saddam Hussein defying us? Saddam is saying, “Iraq is our country. It is a sovereign country. It doesn't belong to the United Nations or to the United States. We're tired of you people stick-
ing your noses into our business and telling us how to run our country. Get out! Leave us alone! Go away!” And, of course, he's threatened to shoot down our spy planes if we continue to fly over Iraq without Iraq's permission.
Pretty intolerable behavior, right? A pretty good reason for us to start another war and bomb Iraq back into the Stone Age, right? Complete justification for slaughtering a tew hundred thousand more Iraqis, right? What does this guy Saddam think in demanding that we respect the sovereignty of his country? We're bigger than he is, so we don't have to respect him, right?
0 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 « $4Q/Wir
If these television people who are so hot tor a new war against Iraq would just come right out and say that, 1 would find their warmongering a little easier to take. If they would just say, “Hey, we’re bigger and stronger than Iraq, and so we can make the Iraqis do whatever we tell them. We don't have to respect them or treat them the way we expect to be treated. We can push them around as much as we want, and if they don’t like it we’ll just kill them.”
But of course, the last thing we expea from our controlled news media is honesty. They want their war, and they also want to make us believe that the war is Saddam's fault, not ours. And so day after day the television news people tell us about how Saddam is threatening the securin’ of the world and defying America and just begging for us to go in there and “take him out,” to use Tom Brokaw's euphemism for political assassination.
If we want to begin justifying high-level political assassination, I can think of a head of state much closer to home than Saddam who ought to be “taken out,” someone whose elimination would really do America a lot of good.
It was just II months ago, on December 21, 1996, when I prediaed on this program that the Jewish media bosses would make a major effort to take us into another war during Mr. Clinton's second term in office. I based my prediction on two sets of facts: first, that Mr. Clinton had just appointed an all-Jewish foreign-policy team for his second term; and second, that Clinton's second term was an opportunity the Jews couldn't afford to miss to use American military force to wipe out Israel's rivals in the Middle East once and for all
And now, I fear, my prediction is coming true. If this current drive to start another war with Iraq is what I'm afraid it is, then it'll involve much more than merely another attempt to assassinate Saddam Hussein. They'll manage to escalate it into something which will wipe out all of their rivals m the Middle East and leave Israel a free hand to continue her policies of expansion. And it will end up costing
1997 » National Vanguard Books • Box 310 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
America a lot more than a few billion dollars worth of military hardware and a few thousand more unexplained cases of veterans suffering from “Gulf War syndrome.” A lot more.
You know, there are many people in addition to the Jews pushing for another war to destroy Iraq. There are the trendy New World Order types who are hostile to the idea of national sovereignty and believe that all of the countries of the world ought to be subordinated to the United Nations and forced to obey UN directives, by military means if necessary. That is, they say they believe that, so long as the country in defiance of the United Nations isn't Israel. Israel has been thumbing its nose at the UN for years and defying one UN resolution after another, building new Jewish settlements on land seized by military force from Israel's neighbors and refusing to permit UN inspection teams to look for evidence of illegal weapons in Israel.
And there are even more people who believe that a war against Iraq can be justified if it will destroy Iraq's capability to build so-called “weapons of mass destruaion.” The controlled media have been full of horror stories recently about the possibility that Iraq may develop and use biological and chemical weapons capable of killing millions of people. Anil let's face it: that is a possibility. The genie is out of the bottle. Modern technology
gives even very small countries the ability to build very destructive weapons. It is a real danger.
But if we want to combat that danger, Iraq is not the place to start Israel has developed chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons of mass destruction, and that's something that really should worry the world. After all, Saddam may be a dictator, but he's never given any evidence of having the frighteningly dangerous combination of hair-trigger paranoia and delusions of grandeur that afflicts Israeli leaders. He hasn't been caught sending Iraqi agents into other countries to assassinate religious or political leaders with exotic biological or chemical weapons. But Israel's current prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, has been caught sending Israeli agents to do exactly that.
I don't know whether Mr. Netanyahu is a religious man or not, but all too many of his fellow Israelis are. Orthodox Jews wield the balance of power in Israel, and their religion teaches them explicitly that they are a “chosen people,” that their tribal god chose them to rule over all the other peoples of the earth, that all the wealth of the Gentiles really belongs to the Jews, and that anyone who refuses to submit to Jewish rule should be killed. If you never learned that in Sunday School, find yourself a Bible and read the Book of Isaiah. I mean, realty read it. Read it carefully. Think about its meaning. And then
FREE SPEECH for December 1997
13
Benyamin Netanyahu
remind yourself that whacked-out, nutcase religious Jews who believe Isaiah's bloodthirsty, chauvinistic ravings — believe them literally — are in control of one of the world's largest arsenals of chemical and biological weapons.
If there's any situation which calls for a massive, preemptive military strike to safeguard the world from a madman using weapons of mass destruction, it's the situation in Israel today.
When was the last time you heard Mr. Clinton insisting that Israel should permit a UN inspection team to check for biological and chemical weapons in that country?
And certainly one cannot fall back on the excuse that it's only little countries which must not be permitted to have such weapons. Iraq has four times the population of Israel.
Let's review this conflict with Iraq objectively for a moment. America has no good reason to pick a fight with Iraq. Iraq poses no threat to us. Iraq wants nothing from us but to be left alone. Unlike Israel, Iraq has never even asked us for a handout.
In 1991 we bombed Baghdad and slaughtered more than 100,000 Iraqis because they had invaded Kuwait — which in fact used to belong to them before it had been taken away during the colonial period. And then we imposed a crippling economic embargo on the defeated Iraqis — an embargo which has caused the deaths of an estimated half-million Iraqi infants and children during the past six years and which is maintained because of Israeli insistence. So the Iraqis have plenty of reason to hate us now, but no reason to try to hurt us if we would just leave them alone. Iraqi interests lie in the Middle East and only in the Middle East.
The reason we are headed toward another war with Iraq is solely because of the influence of Jews on the government of the United States. It certainly isn't because we are concerned about Iraq's development of weapons of mass destruction. If we were serious about that sort of thing we would have stopped Israel from developing its chemical, biological, and nuclear arsenal. The reason it's all right with our government for the
(& 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 3 30 i Hillsboro i WV 24946 • $40/ycar
Jews to have weapons of mass destruction but not all right for the Iraqis to have them is that the Jews control the news and entertainment media in the United States — and thus wield effective control over the political process here — and the Iraqis don't. And that's the only reason.
So let's cut out the baloney about the “rule of law” in international affairs or about the need to keep weapons of mass destruction out of the hands of dangerous and unpredictable people. Weapons of mass destruction already are in the hands of dangerous and unpredictable people, and a lot more dangerous and unpredictable people will have them in the future.
And why is that? Why is the world faced with the very real threat that truly horrendous chemical or biological weapons will be used in the future?
Well, in the case of the Middle East, the reason is the policy that the United States government has had imposed on it by the Jewish minority here. Israel is the continuing sore point in that part of the world. It is Israel which first introduced weapons of mass destruction into the Middle East. And it is Israel's aggression, supported by the United States, which has put pressure on countries like Iraq to develop their own weapons of mass destruction. Any country which can develop them, any country which has the ability to develop them, will develop them if it feels threatened, because whether or not it's obvious to Americans, it's obvious to the rest of the world that there is no such thing as justice or a rule of law in international affairs. They've seen the way things have worked in the Middle East for the past 50 years. So let's not fool ourselves with the pretense that Saddam Hussein is some sort of crazy, power-mad gangster and we're the good guys working to maintain international security and prevent a catastrophe. We are the ones who brought about the introduction of weapons of mass destruction into the Middle East through our support of Israel. And we are the ones who caused the present crisis in the Middle East, again through our support of Israel.
FREE SPEECH for December 1997
And the solution to die present crisis is not to bomb Baghdad again or to try again to assassinate Iraq's president or to starve more Iraqi children bv maintaining the embargo against Iraq. That's die policy that Mr. Clinton's secretary of state, Madeleine Albright, is trying to persuade Iraq's neighbors to go along with, but fortunately they're not buying it. They're saying, “listen, we want peace and stability in this region. We don't want weapons of mass destruction used here by anybody. And we'll support an effort to police Iraq — if the United Nations at the same time will police Israel and force that country to surrender its weapons of mass destruction and to abide by UN resolutions.”
That, of course, is completely unacceptable to the Jews, to the “chosen people,” and so Madeleine Albright has been waddling from one Middle Eastern meeting to another during the past two weeks twisting the arms of everyone she can get her hooks into. She and her fellow Jews are determined to get rid of Saddam Hussein and cripple Iraq by any means necessary. As their hope of lining up the United Nations to do the job for them fades, they'll certainly be developing a scheme to get the United States to do it alone.
We can expect some sort of manufactured excuse for a U.S. assault on Iraq. Don't be surprised to hear on the news any day now about some sort of “provocation” by Iraq to justify the United States starting a new war. Perhaps the CIA will stir up some sort of insurrection in a part of Iraq where the U.S. government has told Saddam Hussein he's not permitted to send his troops, and when he moves to put down the insurrection the Clinton government will use that as its pretext for attacking.
As I mentioned, I predicted this 11 months ago. Of course, I didn't know what the details would be, but it was clear that the Jewish power structure was planning a new war. Ar»d of course, I don't know just how the present situation will develop. It is even possible that the lack of cooperation they are getting front other countries will persuade the Jews to back off temporarily, until they can apply
FREE SPEECH for December 1997
more diplomatic and economic pressure to other UN members. But I doubt it. I'm expecting the war sooner rather than later, despite Mr. Clinton's big pretense of reluctance, his big pretense of wanting to bully Iraq into line by diplomacy radter than by military force. I don't know when it will come. I don't know how it will come. But I know that it's coming.
I'll make another prediction. We'll see the use of weapons of mass destruction sooner than anyone would like. All of the horror stories about the terrorist use of chemical and biological weapons the Jews have been publishing in the controlled mass media recendy in an effort to drum up public support for a preemptive strike against Iraq will start coming true — especially if the Clinton government does what the Jews are demanding and attacks Iraq.
Put yourself in the position of a patriotic Iraqi, or a religious Muslim, or any non-Jewish patriot in the Middle East. You hesitate to use chemical or biological weapons as long as there is any hope that justice will prevail without their use. But when you have given up all hope for justice, then you will do whatever you can. The suicide bombers who have been blowing themselves up in Israel to protest the lack of justice for Palestinians will be showing up in New York, Washington, Los Angeles, and Chicago. But they won't be using old-fashioned explosives. And the Muslim suicide teams who have been shooting up buses of tourists in Egypt to protest the Egyptian government's collaboration with the Great Satan will move their operations into the Great Satan itself, and they'll be using more than rifles and submachine guns.
It is coming, and many, many innocent people will die. It is coming because our government has let itself he controlled by Jews, because our government's policies have been based on what's good for the Jews and what's good for Israel rather than on what's good for Americans. And the Jews always, throughout history, have overreached themselves. They never have been content to mind their own business and take their own share and leave other people alone. Too may Jews really believe the
15
ravings of Isaiah. They really believe that they can have it all, that they deserve it all, and that whatever they do in their greed to get it all is justified. That's why Mr. Clinton's horrid, little Jewess, Madeleine Albright, is continuing to try to pressure Iraq's neighbors into acquiescing in another war against that country.
In a way, perhaps it's a good thing that all of this is coming to a head now, like a boil that has been festering. We Americans have become far too complacent, far too comfortable, far too credulous, far too tolerant of evil and injustice and of encroachments against us by everyone else. When someone from the Middle East who has given up all hope of justice for his people pops a biological grenade in a New York subway tunnel or on the grounds of the Washington Monument or somewhere else in the United States, and thousands of our people start dying, some of those who have been too complacent and too tolerant will begin to change their attitudes.
Our task — mine and yours — is to do everything we can to ensure that our people also become less credulous, that they stop believing the lies of the mass media, that they begin understanding who is responsible for the catastrophe which is looming before them. Because certainly the Jews and their puppets in the Clinton government will try to place the blame elsewhere. Just as they blamed the Oklahoma City bombing on the militias and on patriots generally rather than on the government's atrocious behavior in the Waco massacre two years earlier, so they will blame the coming use of weapons of mass destruction by terrorists on the enemies of the Jews instead of on the Jews themselves, whose policies caused the desperation which led to the terrorism.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Exposing the Warmongers,” aired on November 22, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books tor $12.95 postpaid.
® 1997 » National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/yc<ir