Free
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. — John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • JUNE 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. VI
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Stopping the Hijacking
Today I want to simply state a few facts — and make a few simple statements about what I believe. First, I want to tell you why I make these broadcasts every week. 1 make these broadcasts because America is being hijacked, and I want to stop the hijacking. America used to belong to me ana to people like me, people whose ancestors came over here from Europe, setded the land, fought the Indians, and built a civilization here: a civilization based on the values and ideals that they brought here with
them from Europe, values and ideals which have belonged to my people for thousands of years.
But America is being hijacked. It is being taken away from my people, so that it can become the property of an alien people instead. It is being changed, perverted, to suit their tastes and their needs instead of the tastes and needs of my people. I want to stop this hijacking. I want to take America back and make it the heritage of my people again.
■
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH



■
Wm
Dr. William Pierce

flN
■■■II
The Value of Talk
Dr. William Pierce

ii&is.
Fooling the People
Dr. William Pierce
State-Sponsored |B Terrorism
Dr. William Pierce

of America
Now I will tell you how America is being hijacked and how I believe we must oppose the hijackers. This is a little longer, a little more complicated, but I will try to keep it as short and simple as I can. My people who came to America from Europe had much in common. They were of one blood and one set of ideals. They came from many nations — from England and Scodand and Ireland and Norway and Sweden and Poland and Germany and Ukraine and Italy and France — but they had a common history, when viewed from a perspective of thousands of years.
There were bad people, weak people, corrupt people among my ancestors — and many very stupid and credulous people — but among my people there also were many very good people, strong people, honorable people, and many wonderfully wise and creative people. All together, the good and the bad, the strong and the weak, our people formed a society with common values and a common
2
heritage, and this society, this commu* nity of common blood and common traditions and common interests, overcame every obstacle and built a new country here in the Western Hemisphere. We knew how to cope with adversity and with our own bad elements. When someone like Bill Clinton popped up, we would give him a public flogging and put him in the stocks on a platform in the village square for a few days. If that didn't make him behave himself, we would drag him off to gallows hill, hang him in public, and be done with him.
We had conflicts among our people of course. We had struggle and injustice and pain in our lives. That's the way it always had been in Europe, and that's the way it was here too. That's what had made us strong: the conflict and the struggle. It had made us strong, because on die whole the better and the stronger of our people prevailed over the rest Despite the pain and the injustice, we had joy in our lives because it was our world. It was the type of world we had lived in for counuess thousands of generations, and we were adapted to it.
But in America we became careless — as we often had been careless in Europe too. After we had whipped the Indians and tamed the frontier and built cities and railroads in America, we admitted into our midst a different and very dangerous sort of person, who did not share our blood or our history or our values. We admitted the Jews, who in many cases looked physically similar to our own people, but whose souls were die product of quite a different evolution: they were the product of the marketplaces of the Middle East, where they had been bred for hundreds of generations. They came to us with false feces and false tongues, and we didn't know how to deal with diem. They presented themselves as persecuted victims seeking freedom and justice, when in feet they were persecutors and victimizers seeking new victims. They spoke to us of the virtues of tolerance and diversity and openness and acceptance, when in feet they were the most exclusive and intolerant people on earth. They thought of themselves as a select race, a Chosen People, superior to all other peoples and the rightful owners of all the wealth of every nation.
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
In Europe they had fomented revolutions and wars. One of them, Karl Marx, began a movement which eventually murdered 60 million of our people — and that's much worse than it sounds, because the murdering was done selectively, targeting the best of our people to be killed. Marx's movement never really caught on in America, as a movement, but its basic ideas did:	principally	egalitarianism.	In
America the Jews focused from the start on acquiring control of public opinion, control of the dissemination of information and ideas, control of the images of reality presented to our people. That really began in the 19th century, but for most practical purposes it was in the 20th century that it became effective. The 20th century has been the Jewish century. It has been a century during which Jewish control of the mass media of news and entertainment has been used not just to consolidate Jewish political power and ownership of a vasdy disproportionate share of America's wealth, but also to promote Jewish ideology, a Jewish vision of America. And when I say Jewish ideology and a Jewish vision of America, I don't mean the ideology and the vision that the Jews have among themselves; I mean the ideology and the vision that they want us to have in order to facilitate their hijacking of America.
Part of the ideology they have promoted among us, as I just mentioned, is egalitarianism. That is the notion that all human beings are bom essentially equal in their capabilities, whether male or female, whether Black or White, whether from a family of achievers and creators or a family of chronic losers. Jews did not invent this notion and introduce it to America all by themselves in the 20th century, of course. It is a notion which has been around a long time among certain elements of our own people. The Jews took it away from the cranks and crackpots, exaggerated it a hundred-fold, and popularized it, mainstreamed it
And throughout this century it has been the Jews who have been the foremost promoters of the doctrine that tells us that if Whites are more successful than Blacks, it is only because White racism has held the Blacks down. If more men are top corporate executives than women, it is only because of sexism. If one White
person achieves more in his life than another, it is only because he was given advantages that the other did not receive. The egalitarian ideology also carries with it the notion that equality is not only a scientific fact but also a moral fact. If people are not equal then they should be. It is our moral obligation to try to make them equal. It is our moral obligation to fight against racism and sexism and homophobia and every other tendency to make people unequal or to consider them as different in some way. It is our moral obligation not to discriminate among people in any way: not to prefer women over men for certain roles in our society or men over women for other roles, or to prefer Whites over Blacks for neighbors or schoolmates, or to think of heterosexuals as being healthier or more wholesome in general than homosexuals.
That's part of the ideology the Jews have promoted among us. And another part is the ideology of individualism. That is the notion that each us is an island entire of itself and should think of himself as such. We should not think of ourselves or of others as members of a race or a sex or any other collectivity, but only as isolated individuals. When we see a Gypsy or a Black or a Jew, we mustn't think, “Oh, there's a Gypsy,” or, “Oh, there's a Black,” or, “Oh, there's a Jew.” We're supposed to think, “Oh, there's an individual,” and we're supposed to shut out of our minds everything that experience has taught us about the general nature of Gypsies or Blacks or Jews.
Individualism also carries with it the notion that each individual has a responsibility only to himself. A pregnant woman has no responsibility to the unborn child inside herself. A man has no responsibility to either his ancestors or to his posterity — and certainly no responsibility to his race.
But ideology is only part of what the Jews have been promoting among us. They also promote feelings and emotions: the feeling of White racial guilt, for example, and White self-hatred. That is done on a huge scale and very skillfully, very successfully. It is especially effective with women, but also with men who are overly socialized, men who look to the crowd around them, rather than within themselves, for their opinions and
© [999 . National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
3
An artist living before America was hijacked presents a positive view of White men and women expanding west over the American continent. The lady stringing a telegraph wire represents knowledge and civilization.
attitudes. The entertainment media — especially Hollywood and television — do this indirecdy, almost sublimi-nally, in their screenwriting and in their casting of heroes and villains. They also do it quite direcdy in their contrived coverage of the news — and 1 have given you some very cogent examples of that in recent programs.
The result is that it has become fashionable among the most highly socialized Whites to cheer the news that there soon will be a non-White majority in America. It has become fashionable to cheer for the Indians instead of the cowboys, just as it is fashionable to cheer for the Jews in any conflict with Gentiles, to cheer for the homosexuals in any conflict with heterosexuals, to cheer for non-Whites in any conflict with Whites. They have made Political Correctness fashionable.
And even those Whites who believe that they successfully have resisted becoming Politically Correct have for the most part been intimidated to such an extent by the atmosphere of coercive conformity generated by the media that they are terrified of breaking the most fundamental taboos: of saying or doing anything which may be thought racist or sexist or homophobic. They feel compelled to pay lip service to diversity and democracy and feminism and egalitarianism and individualism.
This is what the Jews have done with their control of America's mass media in this century — mosdy in the past 50 years. They have morally disarmed White Americans. They have disconnected us from our roots. They have alienated us from our own race, from our own heritage. They have made a substantial portion of us ashamed of our own race, consciously hostile to our own people, and they're working on the rest of us. That's what they've done with propaganda alone.
But they haven't left it at propaganda. They are intent on destroying us physically as well as morally. That's why we have the ruinous immigration policy we do, which is flooding America with non-Whites from the Third World. That's why they are behind feminism: why most of the leaders of the feminist movement during this century have been Jewesses. That's why they're promoters of large-scale abortion, why so many abortionists are Jews. That's why they are virtually
all in favor of gun control and of so-called “hate crime” laws. That's why so many of them have come out from behind the scenes in just the last decade and assumed formal posts of power in what used to be our government. And that's why they love Bill Clinton so much — not because he can't control his zipper, but because he lets them control the government* our Treasury Department, our Defense Department, our State Department, our National Security Council, our relations with the United Nations; they control them all.
If the Jews are able to continue their programs of moral and physical destruction for another 50 years — if we simply let them continue doing what they are doing now — they will pretty well have finished their hijack-
ing of America. There will be no single group in America with the numbers and the will to oppose diem. The country will be simply a conglomeration of mutually hostile and disorganized minorities, controlled by the one truly organized minority. The Jews will control everything and own everything. And we will continue breeding ourselves into extinction, voting ourselves into extinction, hating ourselves into extinction.
That is how America is being hijacked.
What can we do about it? How can we stop the hijacking? You know, I've answered this question in a dozen different ways on earlier programs. Today I'll try to answer it in yet one more way. But first I'll cake this opportunity to respond to two types

© 1999 I National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
of letters which I've been receiving from listeners.
There are some listeners who tell me that all is lost, that it's too late to stop the hijacking, that we should have started 50 years ago, that all we're doing now is talking, while the Jews continue consolidating their position. And occasionally one of these listeners will run out and do something premature and foolish, commit some act of desperation, because he is convinced that all is lost, and it doesn't matter what he does. These listeners believe that unless we are on the barricades actually shooting at the hijackers and their collaborators we aren't accomplishing anything.
And on the other hand there are listeners who tell me that they agree with everything I say, except my occasional hints that violence may lie in our future. They tell me I should never say anything which indicates that we will have to do anything other than vote our way out of our present predicament.
I will answer listeners in both of these groups in this way: We must not bind ourselves with the notion that there is only one tactic which can lead to success. We must not believe that violence is the only tactic which can accomplish anything. If we believe that, then certainly all will be lost. But we also must not believe that voting is the only path to success, because that belief also will lead us to failure and extinction.
We must understand that there are certain fixed principles which
I
I
always must guide us, but that our tactics always must change to suit our present conditions and our present needs. We must be bound only by our vision of our ultimate goal and by our principles, but never by an inflexible commitment to one tactic or another.
But you know, I promised to keep my comments today simple. So I'll not talk too much about ultimate goals. I'll just say that we want our country back. We want our world back. We want to live among our own kind and in accordance with our own ways, our own traditions. We want to stop the hijacking and begin repairing the damage caused by the hijackers. That’s what we're aiming for.
And our most basic principle is that we will do whatever we must do
in order to achieve this. Life is the most important thing for us: the life of our people. We will do what we must, sacrifice what we must, in order to safeguard and further that life, just as our ancestors did what they had to do to preserve and protect the life of our people, the life of our race.
And as for our tactics, let us remember that they are not based on principle, but only on intelligence, only on a careful calculation of what is needed at the moment And at this moment talking is needed, much more talking, because that is our way of reaching out to others, of helping others to understand, of motivating others. If our talk were not important and also effective, our people's enemies would not be trying so hard to silence us.
Did you know that for every radio station now broadcasting this program, the Jews have succeeded in forcing the owners of ten other stations to cancel their contracts with us? The Jews apply pressure to a station's advertisers, they threaten the owner, sometimes they even organize demonstrations outside the station in order to intimidate the people who work at the station. In the last few weeks we have lost stations in Cleveland, in Houston, in Sl Louis, in Austin, and in Monterey, California, as a result of these Jewish tactics. But we continue to find new stations, and the number of our listeners continues to grow.
Talking is needed when it is directed toward a purpose, when it is not just idle chatter with those who already understand but is directed toward those who need to understand. And I am doing more than talking. I am reaching out to people through other media besides radio. I am reaching out with the printed word and with music, and I will be reaching out through video and through every other medium. Outreach at this time is essential. Building understanding is essential. Building our numbers and our resources is essential. Organizing the people we reach — or at least some of them — also is essential.
The truth is that despite what die Jewish media would have you believe — despite their television image of an America consisting of a mindless, multicultural mass of happy lemmings; despite Bill Clinton's popularity polls — there are millions of
serious and concerned Americans out there who are appalled at what the Jews are doing to their country, to their civilization, and to their race. There are millions of them who see the grinning, bloodthirsty predators behind the masks worn by our enemies, millions who are horrified that our nation's armed forces are in the hands of the Jewish gangsters in Washington: gangsters who are ready and willing to use their control over Bill Clinton to start a war whenever they think it suits their purpose, a war against Iraq or against Serbia or against anyone else who refuses to obey their orders and who stands in the way of their greedy, megalomaniac dream of total world domination. There are millions of people who perhaps have been intimidated into silence at the moment, but who still have eyes to see and minds to understand and hearts to hate what is being done to us. And they will hate what is being done even more as the Jews proceed with their filthy business.
And so once again, how will we stop the hijacking of our world? We will do it by reaching out to the millions of our people who care about the future, who care about their race, who care about the sort of world their children and their grandchildren will inherit and who have not joined the degraded mass of lemmings who dance mindlessly to every tune played by the Jews and think only of conforming and consuming. We will reach out to them, we will help them to understand, we will try to help them find courage, and we will organize the best of them to reach out to others.
That's what we are doing now. And when conditions change, we will do whatever else is called for. And you can be — you should be — a part of what we're doing. If you understand, if you have a sense of responsibility and a sense of honor, then you must join forces with me.
'rhis article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Stopping the Hijacking of America,” aired on March 27, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
HI 1000 • National Vanauard Rnoltc I R/w Ufl I	I	WV	7AOAA	-
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
5
The Value of Talk
If there is any good thing to come out of the Clinton gang's murderous expedition against the Serbs it is the stark demonstration it provides of the total corruption of the political system which governs America. I'm talking about the whole system, not just the Democratic Party. The Democratic Party proved what it is made of back during the impeachment and trial of Clinton. Its members kept their eyes on the polls and continued to support a leader they knew to be a liar and a rapist and had good reason to suspect of treason as well, in his dealings with China.
The Democrats traditionally have been the war party: Woodrow Wilson, Franklin Roosevelt, Harry Truman, Lyndon Johnson, Bill Clinton. Starting a war and killing a bunch of people in some other country seems to be the Democrats' favorite ploy for getting the voters' minds off of domestic problems — or for paying off some of their behind-the-scenes supporters. Now we have the spectacle of Republican politicians trying to outdo the Democrats in warmongering, calling for an invasion and military occupation of Serbia by U.S. ground forces. It’s almost as if they're afraid of being considered wimps by the voters if they're not even bloodthirstier than the Democrats in their statements about Serbia.
Actually, it’s not the voters they1 re concerned about: it's the Jews. Pick up any publication by a Jewish organization — the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith; the American Jewish Committee; the Simon Wiesenthal Center; the Jewish Council for Public Affairs, which is an umbrella group including hundreds of other Jewish organizations; you name it — and you’ll see the Jews howling for Serb blood. You remember last week I reported to you that the American Legion, America's largest veterans' organization, had issued a resolution calling for an immediate halt to the war against Serbia and the removal of all U.S. military forces from the Balkans. Contrast that with a statement issued by the Jewish War Veterans of America. This all-Jewish group has taken a stand opposite to that of the American Legion and urged an intensification of the bombing.
Senator John McCain
Now, so far as I'm aware, Slobodan Milosevic has never said or done anything against the Jews. He just happens to be in their way. His country is in the way of their program for a New World Order. They've made it quite clear to every politician in Washington that they want Serbia gotten out of their way, and the politicians are scrambling to oblige, Republicans as well as Democrats. Arizona's Republican Senator John McCain is a good example of the type of Republican politician who's hot to kill as many Serbs as will please the Jews, and to do it in the name of the American people while patting himself on the back and pretending to be a “patriot” Senator McCain seems to believe that because he was a POW during the Vietnam war no one will question his motives. If Senator McCain says that we ought to kill as many Serbs as possible, then it must be because that will be good for America. Right7
Wrong. It's because whenever the Jews whisper in his ear, “Jump,” Senator McCain whispers back, “How high?” All it would take now to make him a pacifist on Yugoslavia is for the Jews to decide that they really don't need to get rid of Milosevic after all. But that isn't likely. It's pretty clear that their long-range strategy is to cripple Serbia as a prelude to doing the same to anyone else who gets in their way. Eventually, they want to put Russia in a position where it won't be able to resist their plans for that country*
You know, it's possible for patriots to disagree on policy matters. It’s possible for one patriotic legislator to believe that more money ought to be
spent on missiles and aircraft carriers, and for another to believe that the money ought to be spent on education, say, or on public health measures instead of on the military, and for both men to have America's best interests at heart That's possible — if you can find two patriotic legislators in the U.S. Congress these days. But no legislator who will let his country be led into a foolish and unnecessary war which does not serve America's interests is a patriot by any standard. No politician who will watch this happening without protest is a patriot
But really, what can you expect in a country where the top politician will sell America's most sensitive military secrets to China for a sufficiendy large cash donation to his reelection fund? With a President like that in the White House — a President that the politicians are afraid to throw out because his polls are up — we shouldn't be surprised to see America's armed forces being used to advance the private interests of a small minority at the expense of everyone else.
There is a saying to the effect that every country will have the government that its people deserve, and I guess that's as true of the United States as any other country. We can blame it on the controlled media, but the fact is that we have an electorate which thinks Bill Clinton is an OK guy. Sure, that’s what the media bosses taught them, but anybody who can be made to believe that Bill Clinton shouldn't simply be dragged out of die White House and hanged has serious problems that can't be blamed only on die controlled media. These are the 400-pound housewives with plastic hair curlers that you see in the supermarkets with their slack-jawed, beer-bellied husbands stocking up on enough beer every Friday evening to get them through a whole weekend of TV ball games. And these are the air-headed twits who buy the celebrity tabloids at the checkout stands.
Fifty years ago, when only ten per cent of the White population were like that, we didn't worry about it But when 20 per cent have become like that, and the Jews have organized them into a majority voting coalition
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
Clinton, then and now
with the non-Whites, we have a lethal problem. To state it in stark and sim-pie terms, America will not survive: certainly not America as we have known it About all we can realistic cally strive for now is the survival of some White Americans — and much more important, for the survival of our race on this planet
If we still had an electorate con-sisdng of a White majority with nor-mai intelligence, normal judgment, decent standards, and some sense of responsibility, we might hope that this White majority could elect some patriotic leadership which would strip the jews of their media control ana get the country back on a proper course. But that simply will not hap-pen now. It is only selfdelusion to plan on getting ourselves out of this mess through die electoral process, as long as the Jews retain control of our mass media, and the bulk of our elec* torate remains what it is. And the bulk of the electorate certainly will not improve of its own accord; it will only become more degraded with each passing year.
On the other hand, if responsible Americans controlled the media, we
could work out a long-term plan for dealing with a degraded electorate, and meanwhile patriotic media could control the slobs as well as the Jewish media do now. But imagining that we can take television away from the Jews is as much selfdelusion as imagining that we can elect leaders not under their control. The Jews fully understand the power of the media, and they certainly will not relinquish control voluntarily. Only a revolution can free the mass media from their death grip.
These are important conclusions, and I believe it's worth our time to restate them. We have two very fundamental problems in the United States: Jewish control of the mass media and a degenerate and irresponsible electorate which can be manipulated totally by the mass media. Both of these problems have crept up on us during this century, but they are real, and they are decisive. There is no easy way around them.
I've been warning about the danger of Jewish media control for 30 years. When I began my warnings we still had a majority White electorate,
which may have left much to be desired, but at least it would not have tolerated the sort of shenanigans Bill Clinton has inflicted on us. The sig-nal that the electorate had passed the point of no return came from Clinton's popularity polls during his impeachment and trial, when a majority of the voters told us that they still liked Clinton, even after his lies had been exposed, and they wanted him to remain as President. They liked his smile, and he felt their pain, and that's all that was really important So we will not vote our way out of our mess, and as long as we keep trying to, our situation will continue I becoming worse. I know that there I are many decent people who still are not ready to accept this conclusion. I They will say, “Oh, yes, we know the situation is bad, but not all the politicians are crooks. Not every politician is in the Jews' pockets. Senator So-and-so is a good man, and Congress* man Such-and-such actually has spoken out against Clinton's war. We will vote for Senator So-and-so and I Congressman Such-and-such, and they will get us out of this mess.”
Well, I'm sorry, but they won't. Voting won't do the job. Of course, you could say to me that talking won't do the job either. You could remind me that I've been talking for 30 years, and the situation has just continued to get worse. And you're right: talking won't get the job done either. But there's one difference between the effects of voting and talking. While you've been voting, the crop of politicians has been getting worse and worse. There may still be one or two who say some of the right things, but 30 years ago there were more of them. Thirty years ago the Senate would have convicted Clinton and removed him from office.
On the other hand, when I began talking 30 years ago almost no one was listening. My message was too radical for nearly everyone. My talking hasn't changed the government or the frets of Jewish media control or the declining quality of the U.S. population — but at least, many more people are listening today than were listening 30 years ago. Thirty years ago I wasn't on the radio. Thirty years ago I didn't have a worldwide audience on the Internet And today, although the essence of my message hasn't changed, it no longer seems
<0 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
7
too radical to a lot of people. Today many more people are listening, and many more people are agreeing. And although my talking alone won't get the job done, talking is one essential part of what's needed to get the job done.
Another essential part, unfortunately, is the sort of thing the Jews are doing to the Serbs now. I can talk until I'm blue in the face about the Jews' plans for a New World Order and the dangers of Jewish media control and the corruption of our political system, and hundreds of thousands of people can listen and agree with me, and it's still just talk. Even to the people who understand and believe what I'm telling them, it's not quite real. But every time Madeleine Albright shoots up another passenger train in Serbia and kills 30 or 40 women and children — every time she drops another load of cluster bombs on a hospital in Kosovo, while the politicians keep sitting on their hands, afraid to say anything because the Jews are still beating the war drums — the reality of what I have been saying is brought home.
Every time General Wesley Kanne Clark, NATO's Jewish military commander, bombs another village and slaughters another 100 or so civilians, then tries to lie his way out of it and blame it on Slobodan Milosevic, people remember my predictions of this war more than two years ago, at the time Madeleine Albright became secretary of state; they remember what I have been telling them about Jewish war plans and the lies of the Jewish media and the corruption of the politicians in Washington. My words may not have seemed quite real at first, but the blood and the bombs and the tom bodies of our White brothers and sisters in Serbia seem real enough, and these things lend reality and cogency to my words.
And as I said, it's unfortunate that it has to be that way, but an element of human nature seems to be that people's understanding doesn't become fully engaged — people won't take action on their understanding — until they actually begin feeling the pain and realize that disaster is upon them: not around the corner or down the road, but on top of them. The things that I was warning about all during the 1970s — non-White immi-
gration, changing demographics, declining school standards, racial trends — have hit enough people over the head now and drawn blood, have caused real pain, so that their understanding finally is becoming fully engaged. And what is happening in Yugoslavia now also ought to be causing a little pain among Americans who understand the things I've been talking about for so long. It ought to be causing a lot of Americans real distress to know that what is being inflicted on the Serbs is being done in our name. Jews like General Clark and Madeleine Albright are butchering our people and making self-righteous statements about it, but in the eyes of the world it is all of America which is being blamed and all of America which eventually will pay the penalty for the butchery.
If you think about it for a minute, I believe that you'll agree with me that my talking has left us a lot better off in this situation than would be the case if I hadn't been talking. The disaster would still be upon us, but there would be a lot less understanding than there is. People still haven't acted on any significant scale as a result of my warnings, but at least there is much more understanding, and that understanding provides the necessary basis for effective action in the future. It provides a direction for us, so that when we do act we will act correcdy and effectively.
Some of you may remember another prediction I made, at the time the Jews launched their war against Serbia two months ago. I predicted that this war would turn out to be a big mistake for them. Specifically, in the March issue of the membership bulletin of the National Alliance, I wrote:
.. [T]he Jews and the Clintonistas ..
. misjudged badly both the character of the Serbs and the reaction of the rest of the world. At the very least they will emerge from this foolish and bloody adventure with a drastic loss of prestige and credibility."
And in my radio broadcast two weeks ago I again suggested that the Jews' enthusiasm for the New World Order had caused them to act prematurely in launching their latest war. Old-fashioned American patriotism of the sort Bill Clinton and Jane Fonda
were so contemptuous of when they were marching for Ho Chi Minh during the Vietnam war may be almost dead, but it's not yet completely dead, and it may still bite the Jews as a result of their latest murder spree.
More than that, our new patriotism, based on race instead of on geography or language or religion, is gaining ground. What is happening in Yugoslavia now gives our new patriotism a powerful boost. I've been talking for years about the need to broaden our sense of patriotism to include all of our brothers and sisters in Europe, and when the Jews actually kill our people some of what I've been saying begins to take hold. Again, the importance of my talking is that it permits more people to understand these things- when they happen than otherwise would be the case.
The Jews thought that this business of bombing Serbia into line with their plans would be an easy and successful enterprise for them. They thought they had all the angles covered. After the sheeplike behavior of the Congress during the trial of Clinton they figured they wouldn't have any opposition from the politicians. They already had gotten Clinton to promote one of their own creatures, General Wesley Kanne Clark, ahead of the other generals and put him in charge of NATO. They already had gotten their own creatures in as secretary of state and national security adviser and secretary of defense. They already had been using their mass media for the past couple of years to demonize the Serbs and prejudice the American people against them in their news reporting on the conflict in Bosnia.
Well, they figured correcdy that the politicians wouldn't oppose them, but it's clear that they were hoping for more support from the yahoos than they're getting now. They figured they could bomb Belgrade into rubble, and the yahoos wouldn't notice, as long as it didn't interfere with their ball games. They figured they could drop cluster bombs on Serb hospitals and shoot up Serb passenger trains, and the American voters wouldn't care. After all, it's not Jews being killed, so what difference does it make? Isn't that the lesson we were supposed to learn from 50 years of “Holocaust” propaganda?
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
7eU, Hymie, one of these days find out what difference it $. You and Abe will be surprised \ you find out how many of us n’t been spending all our time hing ball games. I’m sure you’re idy complaining among your-es about how many Americans a't supporting your effort to troy Serbia. I’m sure that among irselves you're attributing this lack support to * anti-Semitism.* Well, me tell you, Abe and Hymie and adeleine and Wesley, mixed in with e anti-Semitism there's also a little it of understanding of what you're p to. Before you've finished in Ser-
bia there'll be even more understand-ing. 1 intend to do everything I can to increase that understanding.
As for us, let us remember that the Jews will continue doing the sorts of things they always have done. They will continue pushing and pushing and pushing. They will continue their efforts to destroy our world, to remake our world in their image and to control it. And they will continue making mistakes, and the understanding among our people must continue growing. 1 will continue to talk, and the Jews will continue to provide the pain which makes my talk real and effective. Talk and pain together lead
to understanding. When the Jews make a mistake like they did in starting this war against Serbia, our people must understand what is happening and why. They must not be confused. They must be enraged, and their rage must have a direction. And then, one day soon, there will be meaningful action, cleansing action. That's the value of talk.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Value of Talk,” aired on May 22, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Fooling the People
One of President Abe Lincoln's most memorable statements about the government of the United States was to the effect that it is able to fool all of the people some of the time and some of the people all of the time, but that it can’t hope to fool all of the people all of the time. He made this statement as an argument for honesty in government: since the government can't fool all of the people all of the time, it is bound to lose its credibility if it tries.
Well, that was about 140 years ago, and things really were quite different in the United States at that time. For one thing, there was no television. For another thing, there were virtually no ]ews. Even without Jews we had plenty of liars, of course: plenty of men who aspired to fool as many people as they could for as long as necessary. These men who aspired to deceive others tended to go into the business of selling used horses or into the ministry or journalism or the practice of law or to run for public office, but for the most part Lincoln's observation about the pitfalls of trying to fool all the people all the time held true, and the amount of damage done by . these deceptive men remained within reasonable bounds.
As I said, that was 140 years ago, and things have changed in America. One of the most depressing aspects of the situation in America today is the extent to which die government and die controlled media, collaborating with one another, are able to deceive
most of the people all the time. In fact, if Lincoln were making his observation about deceiving people today, it would sound something like this: “The government can't fool all of the people all the time, but in a democracy that's not necessary. In a democracy all the government has to do is fool most of the people most of the time, and if the controlled media and the government are working together that's easy.” Since Bill Clinton became President, the government and the mass media have been collaborating to an unprecedented degree.
In past programs I've given you a number of examples of this government and media deceit, especially with regard to race. Actually, where the media are concerned, the deceit works at two levels. First there is the false portrayal of reality and the pushing of certain destructive ideas by the entertainment media.
Consider the casting in films, for example, of heroes and villains. The Jews who own Hollywood and the television industry have some very strong notions about what a villain should look like. He definitely should be blond. Blue or gray or green eyes are a definite plus. The more he fits the “Aryan ideal” the Germans were fond of 60 years ago, the better. And come to think of it, it will be good if he also has just a trace of a German accent — or if a German accent doesn't fit die story, a Southern accent will do. Think about all of the
films you've seen with villains who fit that casting model. Amazing, isn't it7
And as for heroes, the Jews in Hollywood have never met a Black film character they didn't admire. Compare the number of Black directors of the Central Intelligence Agency, Black generals, Black Presidents of the United States, Black rocket scientists or Black brain surgeons or brilliant Black computer hackers you've seen in Hollywood films with the number you've seen in real life. Is there a discrepancy there.7 Then obviously it's because our racist society has held Blacks back. At least, that's what the Jews would like the viewers of their films to believe.
By chance I happened to view a film last night called Kiss the Girls: a very forgettable, very unexceptional 1997 film produced by Paramount, which is owned by Sumner Redstone's Viacom Corporation. The screenplay, written by David Klass, is about serial killers and sexual deviants who kidnap girls and keep them locked up in their basements. Although there are several weirdos in the film, the principal weirdo — the one who kidnaps the heroine and keeps her locked in his basement with several other women — is a blond.
The hero is a Black detective who also has a doctorate in psychology and has published widely read research papers in psychology. He also just happens to be an expert in pharmacology, who is able to recognize certain obscure drug effects
€> 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
9
According to Hollywood, virtually all psychopaths are White.
which trained White doctors can't. When he introduces himself to one White female doctor, her immediate response is, “Yes, I've read your work.” This Black savant detective thinks circles around all of the White cops in the film, of course, most of whom have a sort of Southern cracker attitude. And of course, the White heroine in the film — a real feminist, naturally — just can't keep her hands off the Black hero. As I said, this is a very forgettable, very unremarkable film — but it is typical of thousands of others with the same distortion of racial reality. And really, this sort of racial casting is deliberate. It is carefully planned. It is intended to implant certain ideas in the subconscious minds of White viewers. It is intended to change their self-image and their opinion of Blacks and their attitudes toward racial mixing and interracial sex. Jews Sumner Redstone and David Klass know exacdy what they're doing. And they fool most of their viewers most of the time.
But the deception doesn't stop with entertainment. It extends to the news. On earlier programs I've discussed the way in which the news media deliberately misrepresent interracial crime. I devoted a program to a detailed examination of the way the news media deliberately emphasized and exaggerated the egregiousness of the killing of a Black ex-convict in Jasper, Texas, who was dragged behind a pickup truck by three White ex-con-victs. I pointed out that the news media carefully avoided mentioning the fact that the Black victim was a convicted criminal who had spent time in prison. I pointed out that the White man who was being tried, John King, had acquired his intense hatred of Blacks when he was himself imprisoned with Blacks and exposed to sexual attacks by them. The news media portrayed the Black victim as a choir boy, and they implied that John King was bom with his completely baseless hatred of Blacks because that's just the way Southern, rural Whites are. White racism is sort of an “original sin” that we all must do penance for.
Most of all in that program I contrasted the enormous news coverage given to the trial of John King for the Jasper killing, making it the number-one national news story for weeks, with a trial taking place at exacdy the
same time in a Denver courtroom. In Denver a mestizo was being tried for his part in the abduction, brutal gang rape, unspeakable sexual torture, and murder of a 14-year-old White girl, Brandy Duvall, by members of a mestizo gang, the Bloods, and it was totally blacked out; it was not mentioned even once in the national news.
In another program I contrasted the news coverage of the shooting of a convicted Black drug dealer and his girl friend by a White soldier, James Burmeister, in Fayetteville, North Carolina, in December 1995, with die gang-initiation murder last August of two pretty, young White women, Tracy Lambert and Susan Moore, in Fayetteville by members of the Black-and-mestizo Crips gang. The shooting of the Black drug dealer and his girl friend was spodighted and given national news coverage for weeks,
while the gang-initiation murder of the two White girls was totally blacked out.
Please note the two distinct ways in which the public is fooled by this deceptive coverage. In the first way there is the emphasis on news which fits the propaganda themes of the Jewish media bosses, and the blackout or at least de-emphasis of news which doesn't fit. For the news which fits, they trot out the politicians and the Christian ministers and put them in front of the television cameras to lecture us on the evils of White racism and the need to silence the “haters” like me and to enact new “hate crime” legislation. And you never hear the news which doesn't fit, such as the murder of Brandy Duvall or Tracy Lambert or Susan Moore.
The second way in which they fool the public is to distort the news they do report; for example, not men-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
Hollywood Blacks are competent, kind, and wise.
. tioning that one of the Blacks shot by ^ James Burmeister in Fayetteville was a I drug dealer just out of prison on a W drug conviction, and not mentioning that the Black, James Bird, dragged behind a truck in Jasper last summer was also an ex-convict. They want to present the slain Blacks to the public as paragons of virtue — bright and useful citizens whose lives were brutally snuffed out by hateful, racist Whites.
They're doing the same sort of distortion of the news to make it fit in the case of the recent school shootings at Columbine High School in Litdeton, Colorado. Perhaps you remember that when I first spoke about the Colorado shootings a little over a month ago 1 pointed out that the media deliberately were trying to create the impression in the minds of
the public that the two boys who did the shooting were “racists” deliberately targeting Blacks and that they were “neo-Nazis” who spoke German to each other and chose Adolf Hider's birthday for the shooting.
I reported that the day after the shooting, newscaster Tom Brokaw interviewed for the NBC Nightly News exacdy one parent of the 13 slain students, and that was the father of the one Black who was shot. Brokaw didn't tell us that only one Black was shot, of course, but he spoke only of this one Black victim. He spoke of none of the 12 White victims. He deliberately prolonged the false impression that most of the victims were Black. He and other media spokesmen also continued to hint that the boys were “neo-Nazis,” even though they knew that one of the
boys, Dylan Klebold, was a Jew. They didn't say anything about Klebold's Jewishness to the public, of course.
Once the media bosses had planted the idea in the minds of the public that the two killers were “racists” and “neo-Nazis,” the subsequent revelation that all except one of the victims were White didn't change this impression. Preachers and politicians were still giving us tearful little sermons about “ending the hate” in connection with what happened at Columbine High School. Guilt-stricken White women were still becoming hysterical for the television cameras and babbling about how “hate” and “racism” were responsible. Jewish organizations such as the ADL used the confusion as an opportunity to push for their pet project, which is censoring the Internet to halt the propagation of what they define as “hate.”
Well, one bit of news which Tom Brokaw and the other network spokesmen forgot to mention was what the Columbine killers talked about on the Internet. One would think that it would be wonderful grist for the Jewish media mill, showing the public the “racist” ravings on the Internet of the two “neo-Nazi” killers. But Brokaw and the others were silent on the subject. A little digging, however — actually, just scanning the New York Times web site — was enough to turn up the following material from Eric Harris's web site. “You know what I hate?,” Harris wrote, “Racism! . . . Don't let me catch you making fun of someone just because they are a different color.” Harris also wrote that people who don't like, “blacks, Asians, Mexicans or people from any other country or race besides white-American” should “have their arms ripped off” and be burned. All the indications are that the killers, far from being the Politically Incorrect independent thinkers the Jewish media would have us believe they were, actually were strict conformists to the Jewish party line on racial matters.
Despite this reality, of a Jewish killer and a partner who raved on the Internet about wanting to “rip the arms off’ racists, the Jewish media bosses were able to use the Columbine High School tragedy to fool a substantial part of the public into believing that the two killers were
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
Eric Harris:
“My belief is that if I say something, it goes. I am the law. If you don't like it you die. If I don't like you or I don't like what you want me to do, you die.”
White racists and “neo-Nazis.” They were able to fool the public because they already had fooled the public so often in the past that they had the public conditioned to accept anything which fit the notion that White racists and “neo-Nazis” are dangerous and are likely to kill their neighbors, and that when someone does kill his neighbors, the chances are that he is a White racist or a “neo-Nazi.” That's why we need more laws to keep guns out of the hands of White racists and to keep “neo-Nazis” off the Internet.
One can imagine the Jews in the Anti-Defamation League rubbing their hands and laughing among themselves at how easy it has been to fool most of the people in this matter. And they're still busy keeping the people fooled about the Colorado shootings. Dozens of Jewish publications still are commenting about these shootings, and every one of them is deliberately deceptive. An example that I have in front of me now is the May 24 issue of The Jerusalem Report, which attempts to use the shootings to build public support for censoring the Internet. Without ever mentioning Klebold's Jewishness or the Politically Correct tone of Harris's antiracist web site, The Jerusalem Report refers to “the racist and Nazi under-
tones” of the shootings, and suggests that they may have been inspired by “extremist” Internet sites such as that of my organization, the National Alliance. That sort of breathtakingly brazen lying is what the Jews proudly call “chutzpah.”
If one reads more of the ravings on Eric Harris's web site, it becomes clear that he had a badly impaired grip on reality. He apparendy had watched so much television that he really couldn't distinguish between normal social behavior in the real world and the sort of sociopathic behavior portrayed by the Jews on television in thousands of films. Harris babbles on narcissistically about killing anybody who won't let him do whatever he likes:
"My belief is that if I say something, it goes. I am the law. If you don't like it you die. If I don't like you or I don't like what you want me to do, you die."
Another area where most of the American people have been fooled deliberately and massively by the media is the nature and character of Bill Clinton. I think that I already have made my opinion of the man clear in earlier broadcasts, but my opinion doesn't jibe with the image of Clinton presented to the public by the Jewish media. Recendy, however, a ray of light was cast on the subject by the publication of the book All Too Human by George Stephanopoulos, a former senior White House adviser and one of Clinton's closest personal confidants.
Stephanopoulos himself is a pretty sick puppy, not unlike the other liberal nutcases Clinton is surrounded by in the White House, but Clinton's behavior during the Monica Lewinsky scandal was too much even for Stephanopoulos, and he quit. Now he's written a hook about what Clinton is really like at a personal level, and it makes interesting reading. In fact, Clinton, as described by Stephanopoulos, sounds a lot like Columbine High School killer Eric Harris. One of my favorite Clinton quotes from All Too Human is: “I believe in killing people who try to hurt you.” There are many more of the sayings of Chairman Bill in the book, but that one really sums it up.
And since Stephanopoulos spilled the beans, other present and former “insiders” and “friends of Bill” are coming out of the closet.
Bill Clinton:
“I can do any goddamned thing I want. I'm President of the United States. I take care of my friends, and I fuck with my enemies. That's the way it is.”
One of them, newspaper reporter Walter Erricson, is now retired, but he used to cover Clinton when the latter was the governor of Arkansas. He says:
"Only an idiot would buy the public persona of Bill Clinton. He is an incredibly profane individual. He is now and always nas been an angry man, who wants to inflict as much pain as possible on his enemies."
“Only an idiot. . . “: well, I guess that includes a great many Americans. When the Jews realized, many years ago, that Bill Clinton could become a useful tool for them, they decided to fool the American people as to what sort of man he is, and they have succeeded in keeping most of them fooled most of the time. Clinton, of course, has made this deception easy for them, because he himself is an extraordinarily skillful liar and actor. He is very manipulative, and he is very careful to put on his false face whenever he is on camera.
The American public saw only a few brief glimpses of his real personality when he gave a video-recorded deposition to Ken Starr's prosecution team last year, but those who know him personally have seen everything. They all report that Clinton habitually curses like a sailor, has temper
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
tantrums when he doesn't get his way, and raves about wanting to kill people. One White House staffer reports that during the impeachment investigation by Ken Starr Clinton demanded at a White House staff meeting that the IRS should audit everyone on Starr's team. Several staff members told Clinton that wasn't a good idea. Clinton became enraged. The staff member reports, “He slammed his fist down on the table and said:
’I can do any goddamned thing I want. I'm President or the United States. I take care of my friends, and I fuck with my enemies. That's the way it is. Anybody who doesn't like it can take a hike.'"
Pardon my language, but I wanted to give you an exact quote.
The principal difference between Bill Clinton and Eric Harris, it seems, is that Harris only had a shotgun,
while Clinton has cruise missiles and cluster bombs — which brings us to another area where the Jewish media have been successful in keeping most of the American people fooled, and that's Mr. Clinton's murderous war against the Serbs. The media have lied about every aspect of the war: about the reasons for beginning the war, about what the Serbs were doing to the Albanians and why, about the American conduct of the bombing campaign, about the effects of the war on the Serb people, and just about everything else. And again they have succeeded in fooling most of the people.
The facts about the war are leaking out, but they're not getting to most of the people. Most of the people don't get any national or international news which doesn't come from a network television program, and
that means that the Jews are able to keep most of them fooled all the time. In a democracy that's more than good enough. I want to share with you some of these facts about the war against Serbia which are not getting to most of the American people, but I'll have to postpone that until next week. Why don't you get a few friends who are interested in learning what's really going on in this war to listen with you. I'll try to make it interesting for them.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Fooling the People,” aired on May 29, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
State-Sponsored Terrorism
The people who are trying so desperately to destroy Serbia now are a pretty weird bunch. The latest tactic they've come up with is to have computer hackers and cryptography experts in the “dirty tricks” division of our Central Intelligence Agency break into the computers of various banks around the world where Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic is rumored to have his personal bank accounts, so that they can steal his money from him. It makes me think that the word “Intelligence” needs to be removed from the name of the agency.
I mean, what a dumb stunt! But it's about what one would expect of these Viet Cong enthusiasts left over from the 1960s who are trying to be movers and shakers on the world scene today by bullying little countries into doing what they say. Milosevic won't take orders from Tony Blair and Bill Clinton and the rest of these aging adolescents who haven't a clue about the effective use of real power, so they will punish him by stealing his personal bank accounts. There must have been a lot of giggling going on among them when they came up with this scheme.
You know, I really hope they go ahead with this idiotic plan to hack into the bank computers and steal
Tony Blair
Milosevic's savings, and I hope the plan is successful. It's not that I wish Milosevic ill, but such a stunt will go a long way toward sawing off the branch all these birds are sitting on. It will do wonders for people's confidence in the security of banks and will push this whole, rotten structure just a little closer to the brink.
They also arranged to have Milosevic indicted as a war criminal
and have an international warrant issued for his arrest. That doesn't do much to persuade Milosevic to surrender to NATO, but it does set an interesting precedent. I like it on both grounds. I was becoming a litde worried that Milosevic would make some sort of compromise setdement with NATO; now he has another strong reason not to. And I look forward to the day when a bunch of real war criminals, including one at 10 Downing Street and another at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, can be put on public trial, convicted, and hanged, along with all of their willing accomplices in the government and the media. The criminals themselves are in charge of the International War Crimes Tribunal at the moment, but fortunes change, and it's good to have this precedent. I mean, compare what Milosevic is alleged to have done — killing 340 Albanians, according to the indictment — compare that with what the Clinton gang clearly has done. What could be more criminal than engaging in the systematic bombing of another country which has not in any way harmed or threatened us; a systematic bombing intended to destroy the country's infrastructure and which already has killed more than 2,000 civilians? Ted Kaczynski and Jack the Ripper were
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
13
pikers compared to Bill Clinton and Tony Blair.
Milosevic undoubtedly has treated the Albanians roughly, but let us remember that there was a large, well-armed terrorist army of Albanians — the KLA — operating in Serbia's Kosovo province. Milosevic crushed them last year, and his police dealt harshly with Albanians they suspected of aiding the terrorists. But that was nothing compared to what is happening now. When Madeleine Albright began dropping her bombs on Kosovo in March of this year, real suffering was inflicted on the Albanians. Virtually all of the Albanian refugees who have fled Kosovo or who still are in Kosovo became refugees after the bombing started.
Many of them are fleeing the bombs, and for good reason: about as many Albanians as Serbs have been killed in Kosovo by Madeleine's bombs, rockets, and missiles. Whether a bomb lands on your village by accident or on purpose, the consequences are the same for you, and so the villagers head for the border to get away from the bombing. And some of the Albanians are fleeing the stepped up anti-terrorist efforts of Milosevic's police. These efforts have been stepped up because of the bombing, not despite it. One may tolerate a certain degree of disaffection in time of peace, but in time of war one cannot afford to be so tolerant. The Serbs are cracking down on Albanians inside Serbia now for exacdy the same reason Americans cracked down on Japanese inside the United States after Pearl Harbor. I am sure that this crackdown on the Albanians is rough and in some cases atrocious, but the Serbs are fighting for the preservation of their country and their people. Most Americans cannot even imagine what that is like because they never have experienced it — yet. They just sit on their couches and watch the war on TV, then switch channels to the ball game. The Serbs have to worry about being killed at any second, and so they sometimes act in a way that may seem rough or intolerant to American couch potatoes.
Clinton and his Jews, of course, are blaming the suffering of both the Serbs and the Albanian refugees entirely on Milosevic. Their reasoning is that if Milosevic would just surren-
der to NATO, then the bombing could stop, and no more people would be killed or injured. “As long as you refuse to surrender, then you have only yourself to blame for the bombing.” That's like blaming a robbery victim who is shot during a holdup: “If you had just given him your wallet like he demanded, then he wouldn't have shot you. You have only yourself to blame, because you resisted.” I guess a lot of Americans see nothing wrong with that sort of reasoning. We've really been feminized. American men have been conditioned to think and react like women.
But even Americans should be able to understand that stealing the money from Milosevic's personal bank accounts and then issuing an international warrant for his arrest so that he can be tried as a war criminal doesn't make sense in the context of the stated war aims of the Clinton gang, which is to force Milosevic to sign the agreement they have prepared. If Milosevic has a few million dollars stashed in a foreign bank account and can retire to a life of ease somewhere, and if he really is just a typical politician like those in Washington, with no real patriotism in him, then he might be persuaded to surrender and let the Clinton gang have its way with his country. But with no money and nowhere to go where he and his family can be safe, he'll fight to the bitter end, patriot or not. Wouldn't you? So either these thugs in the Clinton government are really stupid, or they've been lying to us all along about their intentions in Yugoslavia, just like everything else.
Well, I promised you last week that I'd tell you about some of the lies the government and the media have been using to fool us about the war, and this question of just why the Clinton gang started the war is a good place to begin. The Clinton gang all tell us that their reason for starting an unprovoked war against Yugoslavia was to protect the Albanian ethnic minority in the country from the Serb majority. The war is stricdy a humanitarian effort to keep Albanians from being brutalized and massacred by the Serbs. Madeleine Albright figured that the best way to show our humanitarian concern for the Albanian minority was to drop cluster bombs on Serb hospitals and schools and
use F-16s to shoot up Serb passenger trains.
Now, let me tell you, these people do some dumb things, but they really aren't quite as stupid as this lamebrain excuse for starting a war would indicate. Madeleine Albright is no “humanitarian,” I'll guarantee you. Just look at that cold, cruel, predatory, Jewish face on her.
In the Clinton gang, of course, the abolition of national sovereignty everywhere, establishing the supremacy of the New World Order, and making sure that there is a proper “racial balance” in every country — a proper amount of ethnic and racial “diversity” — are cocktail party cliches. The twittering Gentile air-heads in the gang are as enthusiastic for these goals as are the Jewish heavyweights who have been writing the script. But forcing the Serbs to be good multicul-turalists is not really the ultimate reason for the current bombing of Serb schools and hospitals. In the long run the New World Order enthusiasts plan to “multiculturalize” everyone — except themselves, of course. But mul-ticulturalism is really only a means to an end, and that end is world domination, world ownership. The principal threat to that goal is nationalism. Multiculturalism is their antidote against nationalism.
And Serbia makes a good choice for their first victim for several reasons. For one thing the Serbs are strongly nationalistic; they are a nut that sooner or later would have to be cracked. For another they are in a part of the world that the New World Order gang are interested in for other reasons, a principal one of which is Russia. When the Soviet Union self-destructed at the beginning of this decade, the New World Order gang saw an opportunity not for peace, stability, and coexistence, but for aggressive expansion into the power vacuum left by the defunct Soviet Union. They've been working hard in recent years to cement relationships with a number of former Soviet republics, to integrate them into the New World Order in a preliminary way. In recent months NATO and U.S. delegations have been to Azerbaijan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan — all formerly parts of the Soviet Union — promising them aid and encouraging them to distance them-
© 1999 - National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
iftCyWEI A GROUP OF ™ EVIL PEOPLE. CALLED NAZI 5. CAME TO POWER IN GERMANY.
THEIR LEADER WA5 A REALLY BAP MAN. NAMED
ADOLF HITLER
fMHPCETD HELP YOU
IN THESE CAMPS. THE NAZIS
MURDERED 13 MILLION
PEOPLEfl* ABOUT 6 MILLION WERE JEWSI.
-------------------------y
f OYER A MILLION OF THE JEWS WERE
CHILDREN!!
AS SOON AS THEY TOOK CVER, THEY USED THE "GUN CONTROL* REGISTRATION LISTS rut TOGETHER BY THE fTEVWUS GOVERNMENT.,
[• AS MANY AS ALL
I MWUMTBwJ
THEY TOOK ALL GUNS AWAY FROM EVERYBODY, EXCEPT! OTHER NAZIS.
OPEN UPI
WE WANT YOUR i GUNSI
y?_
OKNfl
M
i
"TT GETS
WORSE,
KIDS-'
•VrTHEYRE
FOR OU» ntOTEClSXf
THEY TORTURED PEOPLE, STARVED
them, beat them, gassed these disarmed civilians to death and then burned the bodiesi they even burned rids alive//.
NOW THAT THEY couum PROTECT THEMSELVES, THE NAZJ9 FORCED MANY OF THE DISARMED ~“xn	PEOPLE INTO BRUTAL PRISON CAMfSI
^daxp“{WK£NTMTIWrUIIPI”l
GRANTAJACK-THJS IS SCAKYI SHOULD YOU BE TELLING US THIS7
I HAVE TO BE SURE THAT YOU KNOW THAT "GUN CONTROL” IS AN IDEA WHICH SOUNDS‘NICE*... BUT IT CLEARS THE WAY FOR GREAT EVIL/
YES-BECAUSE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
YOU NEVER HEARD , ANY OF THIS IN SCHOOL. DID YOU?
ME EITHER H
lutMOMp.u	C+mGmp*rtmSr+gtimmim.
—* “ V.NnvYortL NY. iMl.p. «8
A page from the JPFO pamphlet “Gun Control” Kills Kids
selves from Russia politically, economically, and militarily.
The governments of Uzbekistan and Azerbaijan already have formed an alliance with three other former Soviet republics — Georgia, Ukraine, and Moldavia — all of whom also are being pulled into a NATO orbit Only Romania separates Moldavia from Serbia. The Serbs certainly are more pro-Russian than any other country in the region. In the conflict between Muslim Albanians and Christian Serbs, the New World Order gang certainly have taken into consideration the fact that the three former Soviet republics they have been wooing most intensely during the past year — Azerbaijan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan — are all Muslim. In addition, the latter are the key to acquiring control over the enormously rich Caspian petroleum resources. Why not cripple Serbia now, take her mineral-rich Kosovo province away from her, and acquire the image of a friend and protector of Muslims? I doubt that that will impress Osama bin Laden and other Muslims who have a major grievance against America, but it might help a bit with the Azerbaijanis.
There's more than oil and other minerals involved here. Russia is still big enough and well armed enough to defend itself. As in Serbia, there's much nationalist sentiment in Russia, and the New World Order gang are quite concerned about what may happen if Russia ever acquires patriotic leadership. They have tried hard to prevent that. They worked hard behind the scenes to get Boris Yeltsin elected, and they have propped him up with loans and promises. Yeltsin is a front man for the Jewish billionaires and mafia bosses who are bleeding Russia dry. But there are genuine nationalists among the Russian leaders who may replace Yeltsin, and there is a great deal of public hostility to the Jewish despoilers of Russia. With a strong nationalist leader enjoying popular support, it is entirely possible there could be a crackdown which would leave Jewish plutocrats and mafia bosses alike swinging from lampposts all over Moscow and Saint Petersburg. A rebuilt Russia under nationalist leadership could derail the entire New World Order.
This is a good time to deal with one other deception about this war. That is the effort to persuade people — including the American public and
the Serbs — that this isn't a Jewish war. Go to just about any antiwar demonstration in the United States today, and among the speakers there will be a Jew on the platform who will proclaim the friendship of the Jews for the Serbs. “You were on our side against Hider during the Second World War,” the Jewish speaker will announce, “and we never will forget that. Now we are on your side.” And the foolish Serbs will clap and cheer. Perhaps they forget that it was the Americans who really pulled the Jews' chestnuts out of the fire in the Second World War. Do the Serbs see any evidence of gratitude for that in what the Jews have done to America in the last 50 years?
And I also have had listeners to my broadcasts write to me that they have found several Jewish groups on the Internet or have heard Jewish callers to talk radio programs saying that Jews support the Serbs and are against the NATO bombing. And in response to that I will tell you that this business of confusing and disarming the opposition by pretending to be on both sides of an issue is one of the oldest tricks in the Jews' book.
Consider the effort to take guns away from Americans. Jews are overwhelmingly in favor of just about every gun control move that has come along. The Jewish media are hysterically opposed to the private ownership of firearms by American citizens. Furthermore, most of the leaders of the gun control effort in the Congress are and have been Jews. At this time the noisiest and pushiest of these is New York's Senator Charles Schumer.
This doesn't mean, of course, that there aren't plenty of feminized, feather-brained Gentiles who believe we'd all be better off if we had no means to defend ourselves. And, with six million Jews living in the United States, I am sure that there are a few individual Jews among them who do not favor gun control. But the fact remains that the Jew-controlled mass media and Jewish legislators and powerful Jewish organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith are the primary moving force behind the effort to abolish the Second Amendment, and knowledgeable patriots always have recognized this fact.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 1999
15
So a few years ago a handful of Jews set up an organization called Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership, and their principal activity has been to proclaim loudly that gun control is not a Jewish out a “Nazi” scheme. They run around the country announcing, “We're Jews, and we're against gun control.” They also buy advertisements in gun magazines which assert that Hider's first move after he became chancellor of Germany was to round up all privately owned firearms, so that the German people could not rebel.
That is the opposite of the truth. Actually, Hider's government abolished many restrictions on buying and carrying firearms which had been established by the preceding, liberal government. The Nazis believed in self-defense and encouraged firearms ownership and proficiency among German civilians. Hider was the most popular leader the Germans have had in this century, and he was not afraid of his fellow citizens. He rode slowly through crowds of cheering Germans in an open car. No bulletproof glass, no police screening of the people who were allowed to shake his hand, no metal detectors. Quite a difference from Bill Clinton!
When I first encountered the lies of Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership, I went to the trouble of digging up the original German law digests from the 1920s and 1930s which contained the exact texts of the German firearms laws, published at the time the laws were enacted, and I translated them into English and published my English translations along with photo-facsimile copies of the original German laws. And yet the Jews have succeeded in confusing many patriots — an all too easy task, unfortunately — and convincing them that Hider was the father of all gun-grabbers, that Jews in America are divided on the issue of gun control, and that people who propose new gun control laws are likely to be admirers of Hider.
The Jews who confuse the issue of the war against Serbia by claiming to be on the side of the Serbs today are like the Jews who confuse the issue of gun control by claiming to be against if The fact is that every major Jewish organization in the United States has publicly declared its support for the war against Serbia. In fact, they were behind this war even

MM
Gun Control in Germany
1928-1945
William I. Piece
* Aitrtud# o?	Hitter govern-
HI ' '' mar* toward private
»Gonpfote Geim* * ar«i m$nt and ks predecessor


SmUSmimSaMMaMM
Gun Control in Germany 1928-1945 Order a copy of this book by sending $7.95 (includes postage) to National Vanguard Books (address on the bottom of the page). Include the name of the book, plus your name and address. Please write clearly.
before it started. Anyway, 1 have in front of me dozens of press releases, news interviews, and advertisements in the New York Times by Jewish organizations supporting the war. On March 29 — that's five days after the bombing started — B'nai B'rith International put out a press release headed “B'nai B'rith Supports U.S.-NATO Action in Yugoslavia.” B'nai B'rith, which is the parent organization of the Anti-Defamation League, claims branches in 57 countries and bills itself as the world's largest Jewish organization. On April 3 a reporter for the Jewish Telegraphic Agency interviewed a number of prominent Jewish leaders and summed it up with the statement:
The organized Jewish community has . . . declared unwavering support for U.S. intervention in Kosovo.
And what the organized Jewish community is supporting now is nothing less than state-sponsored terrorism and genocide against Serbs for the purpose of advancing Jewish schemes for a New World Order. The Jew-serving politicians in Washington and in NATO are talking now about re-arming the KLA and sending that gang of drug smugglers, cutthroats, and professional terrorists into Kos-
ovo against the Serbs ahead of NATO troops, sort of a human shield.
Do you know what terrorism is? Jadranka Djordjevic, a 64-year-old Serb woman who lives in Belgrade, does. She worked in the U.S. Embassy there for 30 years. She's dodging missiles and bombs now and worrying about how to stay alive. When a newspaper reporter told her recently that Hillary CLinton had said that the flight of the Albanian refugees from Kosovo reminded her of “Holocaust” scenes in the Steven Spielberg film Schindler's List, Ms. Djordjevic replied, “People who learn history from Spielberg movies should not tell us how to live our lives.” When told that one of the aims of the NATO bombing is to demoralize the Serbs and make them rise against the government of Slobodan Milosevic, she noted that that exacdy fits the internationally recognized definition of terrorism: violence against a civilian population intended to destabilize a government. She said that the people responsible for the terror-bombing campaign against Serbia should be put on trial by the International Court of Justice. “You cannot terrorize civilians in this way,” she said. “We are talking about millions of people who are deprived of basic necessi-
»
ties.
Well, Jadranka Djordjevic, you are wrong. You can terrorize millions of people, if B'nai B'rith and all of the other New World Order boosters are behind you.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “State-Sponsored Terrorism,” aired on June 5, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech and mail to the address on the bottom of the page.
Name:
Address:
Yoursubscription tielpskeep American Dissident Voices on the air.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year