FREE SPEECH • FEBRUARY 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. 11
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Choosing a Barbie Doll
Dr. William Pierce
/V
When the Barriers Come Down
Dr. William Pierce
AIDS and the Cult of Equality
.William Pierce
Thoughts on Accepting Responsibility
Dr. William Pierce
Choosing a Barbie Doll
Usually I like to deal with hard news on these programs: demo-graphic statistics which need to be brought to our attention, crime stories which have been suppressed by the controlled media, unreported aspects of the sleazy business of government in Washington, the names and doings of the powerful men responsible for much of what's wrong in the world today. I like to deal with facts — facts that we can check for ourselves, because credibility is such an important aspect of every program, of everything we talk about. And the reason credibility is so important to us is not that what we talk about is far-fetched or hard to believe — most of it is com-monsense stuff clearly backed up by facts — but what I tell you also runs direcdy against the way the public has been conditioned to think these days. Much of what 1 say is not Politically Correct, and for that reason much of the public is afraid of it, terrified of it,
A White Barbie doll
doesn't want to believe it, will look for any excuse not to believe it. So I try to make all of my conclusions very hard for listeners to evade. I try to talk about things in a way that people will be forced to believe them, whether they want to or not.
It took me a long time to accept the fact that there really are people who don't want to know the truth. In feet, that is the case with the majority of the public. Most people want to believe what makes them feel safe and comfortable. Whether it's true or not really isn't important to them. I mean no offense to women when I say this, but that always has seemed to me to be an essentially feminine attitude: being more concerned with the social acceptability of an idea than with its truth or falsity. Yet that's the way most people, men as well as women, are these days. We're living in an emasculated age.
You know, when I told you that people are terrified of Politically Incor-
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
rect information, I wasn't exaggerating at all. The sponsor of this program, National Vanguard Books, mails out its book catalogs to thousands of people every month. The catalogs cost money, and so care is taken to send them to people who will be interested in the books and tapes described in them, but occasionally a catalog is received by a person who is allergic to Politically Incorrect ideas. What often happens then is that the recipient, instead of simply flipping through the catalog, noting that it is nothing a Clinton booster would be interested in, dropping it in the trash, and forgetting about it — instead of this his heart begins racing and he breaks out in a cold sweat He thinks to himself, “Omigod, suppose the neighbors saw this sticking out of my mailbox! They might think that I don't love our President They might think that I'm on the wrong side of his popularity polls. They might even think that I'm some sort of racist or anti-Semite, because there are books in here which are not at all Politically Correct.” And then, with his heart pounding and barely able to breathe, he calls his lawyer.
I'm not kidding you: we receive certified letters, return receipt requested, from lawyers demanding that we remove so and so's name from our mailing list immediately and never send him anything again. How much do think that cost the poor, frightened slob who received our catalog in the mail? I don't know about your lawyer, but mine would charge a hundred bucks to send out a certified letter like that for me. But there are lots of Americans who are so terrified that other people will think them Fbiiticaliy Incorrect that they're willing to pay. And despite the example I just gave of the reaction of a Clinton booster receiving a book catalog in the mail, there are anti-Clinton people who are just as frightened.
The real significance of this sort of frightened reaction by some people to the National Vanguard Books catalog is not that there are people out there whose ideas and opinions are different from mine. The significance is the fear. I really believe that many — perhaps even most — of these frightened people don't really have ideas or opinions at all. Ideas aren't important to them, aren't real to them. What's
A Black Barbie doll
important is being accepted, fitting in, being approved. I think that's always been important to most people. To women, in particular, it's always been more important to be approved than to have a correct understanding of the world around them. Today more men than ordinarily are behaving like women in this regard. And the fear really is stronger and more widespread than it used to be.
Let me share with you a really disgusting story I read last week. It was published in the January 19 edition of the San Jose Mercury News. That's San Jose, California. The writer, Katherine Corcoran, is a staff member at the newspaper, a White woman, and she relates the soul-wrenching experience she had after her seven-year-old daughter went to a San Jose toy store with her aunt, looking for a Barbie doll. The little girl wanted to take a White Barbie doll off the shelf, but there was a Black Barbie doll in front of the White doll, so she moved the Black doll out of the way to get to the White doll. And
then it occurred to the seven-year-old that she had just committed a “hate crime.” She went home to her mother in tears, confused and frightened, and asked her mother whether moving the Black doll aside showed that she was “prejudiced.” The girl's mother described all of this in the newspaper story she wrote. She quotes her daughter: “In the toy store today, Auntie let me pick out whatever Barbie I wanted. And I moved a Black Barbie on the shelf out of the way to reach the White Barbie behind her. Does that make me prejudiced?” And as I said, this was not a casual question. The little girl was crying, terrified that she might actually have shown herself to be “prejudiced.”
And when the mother heard this question she herself froze in terror. She didn't know how to answer the question. She was afraid to answer simply, “No, dear, choosing the White doll instead of the Black doll doesn't mean that you're prejudiced.” She couldn't give that answer because it would be dishonest. That answer would comfort her daughter at the moment, but it might lead the little girl into relaxing her vigilance and wandering even further down the path of Political Incorrectness. It might, heaven forbid, reinforce her preference for White over Black.
On the other hand, if the mother answered the girl's question honesdy — if the mother answered, “Yes, you vicious, little White racist, by shoving aside the Black doll you revealed your horrible, racist prejudice in favor of your own race” — if her mother answered that way, then her daughter might not be able to handle the psychic trauma. The mother's own words in the newspaper were: “If I said yes, I feared I would scar her self-image for life. Her eyes pleaded with me not to confirm the worst.” Believe it or not, that's exacdy what this silly woman wrote in the newspaper: “If I said yes, I feared I would scar her self-image for life.” And yet, the mother was sure that “yes” was the honest answer, because she knew that all of us Whites have the original sin of racism in us, a sin which we are obliged to struggle all our lives to overcome and to pay all our lives in order to atone for.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
3
For the remainder of a long, hand-wringing article, the mother agonized over how to deal with this terrible dilemma. The whole thing is surrealistic, like the sort of dream one might have after falling asleep with a really bad case of heartburn. But, unfortunately, that's the way a great many Americans think these days. They really do get torn up over such things as how to be sure that they are raising their children to be both Politically Correct and self-contented.
The mother writing in the San Jose Mercury News relates the stories of several other parents who encountered problems similar to her own. Not one of these parents expresses anger toward those who brainwashed their children to the point that any realization that they instinctively prefer their own kind frightens them and makes them feel guilty. Not one parent considers grabbing a shotgun and going out to hunt the media bosses who did this to their children. Instead they all cringe and grovel. The mother writing the story finally decides that what her daughter needs is still more brainwashing — more children's books full of multicultural-ism and diversity, more Steven Spielberg films, et cetera. She coaxes her daughter to believe that the only reason she reached for the White doll instead of the Black doll was not that the White doll was the one she could identify with because it looked like her, but that she liked the lipstick on the White doll more than the lipstick on the Black doll. That rationalization made the mother and daughter both feel much better. And then before the daughter could backslide, the mother went out and bought her a Black Barbie doll, a mestizo Barbie doll, an Indian Barbie doll, etc. The mother concludes: “I decided if my daughter was going to play with Barbies . . . they at least would be diverse. Her play world now includes Arab, Native American, Latina, and African-American Barbies.” And that mother obviously feels quite proud of the way she dealt with her daughter's problem. I felt sick after reading her story.
It's easy to think ahead eight years or so to the time when this woman's daughter is in a racially integrated high school and begins dating.
Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery
When she has a choice between dating Black boys or White boys, she will remember her mother's response to the Barbie doll dilemma. Her mother undoubtedly will be proud of her when she brings her first Black boyfriend home for dinner.
You know, there used to be a time when I thought that the only way we could save our race and our civilization was to have a civil war and shoot everyone who thought like that and then start over again with the survivors. Of course, we still need a civil war — there's no getting around that — but it won't be necessary to shoot everyone who feels angst and guilt when his or her daughter opts for a White Barbie doll. These people are not ideologically opposed to the survival of White civilization. As I mentioned earlier, they don't have an ideology, except to be Politically Correct, whatever that happens to be at the moment. The people who need to be shot — who must be shot — are the current arbiters of Political Correctness, the people who planned for seven-year-old White girls to feel guilty if they revealed a preference for White Barbie dolls. Shoot those, and the rest will adapt. They will assimilate whatever attitudes and opinions are presented to them. That's the way most people are. That's the way they've always been.
And the people who're like that are not just those with double-digit IQs. Many of these people are quite bright and competent. Either they were born feeling guilty about something, or they are susceptible to having a guilt feeling implanted in them, which the arbiters of Political Correctness then can manipulate. This is something which I guess witch doctors and priests have understood since prehistoric times and taken advantage of, which is why the concepts of guilt and redemption play such a large role in many religions. Unfortunately, the people who have wormed their way into our media of mass communication and gotten a deathgrip on them understand this too.
It's really tragic when we see how the media have manipulated people like the mother who writes for the Scm Jose Mercury News, but sometimes it's almost funny watching some of the academic lemmings in the grip of Political Correctness squirm when they're presented with a similar dilemma. A recent case is that of Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery. He'd always been a hero to the Politically Correct establishment after his World War Two victory over the Germans in North Africa. After the war he toured Britain's colonies in Africa and filed a report with the government which was quite at odds with the aim of the liberals in the government to dismande the British Empire, and so his report was stamped “secret” and filed away for 50 years.
The statutory 50 years being up a few weeks ago, it was released to the news media by Britain's Public Records Office. Montgomery not only was in favor of strengthening the Empire and opposing the spread of communism in Africa — both goals anathema to liberals — but he expressed his frank opinion of Blacks, including the supposedly “civilized” ones, and their capabilities. The Black African, Montgomery wrote, “is a complete savage and is quite incapable of developing the country himself.”
Now, Montgomery's opinion of Blacks was not at all uncommon in the 1940s, when he wrote his report, and people were not afraid to state this opinion in polite society. In fact, it was the majority opinion among
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
Britons who had had any experience at all in the British colonies in Africa. During the past 50 years, however, the controlled media, the churches, and other boosters of Political Correctness succeeded in making that opinion Politically Incorrect, and so when Montgomery's comments on Blacks were made public recendy, everyone still alive who had had any contact with him tried desperately to put as much distance as possible between himself and Montgomery. His surviving relatives expressed their shame and embarrassment. One of Montgomery's biographers interviewed by The Guardian this month sniffed that “his reputation is irredeemably damaged. Montgomery's entire reputation, of course, is as a military leader and strategist, but to the Politically Correct zealot it is quite inconceivable that one can be a “racist” and also a person with superior qualities of any kind.
And this sort of thing has happened over and over again. When H.L Mencken's private papers were published a few years ago, there was the same sort of ducking and running for cover on the part of everyone who ever had said anything nice about Mencken or his work. They were scared to death that Mencken's frank views on race and on the Jews would cause people to think that they were themselves Politically Incorrect. They were terrified of guilt by association.
Almost every public figure or writer of note before about 1950, except communists or clerics, who had anything to say about race would scare the pants off today's Politically Correct lemmings. Read what the humanitarian doctor Albert Schweitzer had to say about the Blacks in Africa that he lived among and spent his life trying to help. Read what President Teddy Roosevelt wrote on race. Or Abe Lincoln. Or any of a hundred others I could name without even having to do any real digging in my library. This has made history a political minefield for Politically Correct writers and teachers — and it is the principal reason why history is being phased out of high school and university curricula, except for bowdlerized — really falsified — versions which have been carefully cleared of mines. I mean, how is a Politically Correct
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
Wooden clock carved in honor of Charles Lindbergh Many famous Americans held views which would now be considered very Politically Incorrect.
teacher to explain to students that nearly everyone they had thought of as a great inventor — Thomas Edison, for example — or a great industrialist — Henry Ford, for example — or a great pioneer of aviation — Charles Lindbergh, for example — or a great military leader — George Patton, for example — or you name it was really a terrible racist? How is this to be concealed from the students when they read the details of these historical figures' private lives, when they read what these people actually thought on racial matters? Hey, a history professor could get himself into real trouble in a hurry. Better just not to study anything that happened before about 1960. Who needs to know all of that old stuff, anyway? Most of it is terribly Incorrect, Politically speaking.
The most popular radio show ever broadcast in America, which started in 1929, eventually became a TV series, and ran until 1960 — 31 years altogether — was Amos V Andy. It was a show with White scriptwriters and White actors playing the roles of Blacks and using Black dialect It was not in any sense an anti-Black
show; in fact, it treated its Black characters with affection; but it was a comedy show, and it did not portray Blacks as dignified statesmen or brain surgeons or rocket scientists, so by the 1960s it had been condemned as “racist” and taken off the air. If the Amos V Andy show were revived today, any company which signed on as a sponsor would be hit immediately with boycotts and demonstrations. Politicians and church leaders would be giving outraged speeches on television about how “hateful” and “racist” it was. And all over America tens of thousands of Katherine Corcorans -remember, she's the silly woman who wrote in the San Jose Mercury News last week about her seven-year-old daughter's traumatic experience with Barbie dolls — tens of thousands of Katherine Corcorans and their fully “sensitized” husbands would be wringing their hands and agonizing over how to explain to their kids why they couldn't watch Amos V Andy on TV, why it would be “prejudiced” of them to laugh at the characters.
It's interesting to note that although Amos 'n' Andy spent its last days as a TV show, it was primarily TV which brought about the great sea change in America in the 1960s which made it impossible for Amos 'n' Andy or any other Politically Incorrect programming to remain on the air. Television as a brainwashing medium first became significant around 1950 — or perhaps a year or two earlier. In 1950 there already were ten million black-and-white television receivers in the United States. Even in the early 1950s every self-respecting lemming family which wanted to keep up with the Joneses believed that it had to have a television receiver in the house, so that every evening the little lemmings and their parents could gather around the tiny, flickering, monochrome screen to have their attitudes and opinions adjusted. But it was the advent of color television at the beginning of the 1960s which made television the powerful and universal medium of mind control that it quickly became.
Without television Katherine Corcoran's little girl could have reached for the White Barbie doll without a trace of angst. Without tele-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
vision Field Marshall Montgomery's admirers wouldn't have to be apologizing for him. Without television Bill Clinton would be simply another crooked lawyer in Little Rock, defending small-time drug dealers.
Of course, it's really misleading to blame television as a medium for Political Correctness. That's like blaming Smith and Wesson or Colt for drive-by shootings. The ones to be blamed are the members of that Hollywood tribe who got their dirty
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
hands on television right from the beginning, elbowed everyone else aside, and with an unfailing tribal instinct began using the new medium to inject their spiritual poison into our people. But, you know, that's a subject we've talked about often enough already on American Dissident Voices.
We ought to conclude our talk today by resolving that we will not continue sitting on our hands while that filthy tribe poisons the souls of
seven-year-old girls: that we will do whatever we must do to end their control of the minds and souls of our people.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Choosing a Barbie Doll,” aired on January 30, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
When the Barriers Come Down
During the ongoing impeachment and trial of Bill Clinton one of the things we hear most often from the media is that this is a historic event. If Clinton is convicted by the Senate and removed from office, it will be the first time such a thing has happened — something for the Guiness Book of Records. This led me to think about other records which are being set these days.
For example, if Clinton is removed from office and then is tried and convicted in a Federal court for perjury or obstruction of justice, he could become a member of a record-breaking U.S. prison population. I looked at some of the figures provided by the U.S. Census and published in various almanacs. I don't have the very latest figures, but in 1996 there were 1,185,000 persons confined to state and Federal prisons in the United States. With a total U.S. population in 1996 of 265 million, that's just under half a percent of the population in prison, which is a record. And that's not even counting another half-million inmates currendy in local and county jails.
In 1930, at the beginning of the Great Depression, the total population of the United States was 123 million people, and 117,000 of those people were in state and Federal prisons. That works out to less than one-tenth of one percent of the population. In other words, in the bad, old days of chain gangs and lynchings and poverty ana A1 Capone and so on, we had only one-fifth as many eople in prison, on a per capita asis, as we have today.
A temporary bed has been put in this county jail in Florida because of overcrowding.
Now that is about as stark a demographic statistic as you'll find anywhere, and it's a very interesting statistic as well. The total population of the United States slightly more than doubled during the 66 years between 1930 and 1996, while the prison population increased by more than a factor of ten. Why? How could that have happened in this kinder and gentler age? Isn't that contradictory to everything we've been taught about the country becoming more and more enlightened and with a hundred times as many so-called “entidement” programs and job-training programs ana rehabilitation programs and Head Start programs and so forth now as then? How does that square with the government's recent claims that crime of all sorts is falling these days? Murders are down, they tell us. Robberies are down. Then why does the prison population keep increasing?
You know, a lot of scholars have studied this phenomenon and written
books about it, but their aim seems to be to obscure the Politically Inconvenient facts rather than to get at a real understanding. I mean, how is an academician trying to write a book about crime and punishment to explain this amazing statistic in a Politically Correct way? In 1930 the head of the country was that archcapitalist and enemy of the workers Herbert Hoover, who believed in locking them up and throwing away the key. Today it's that fellow who “feels the pain” of every Black rapist, crack dealer, and welfare thug who votes Democratic. In 1930 we had mosdy White juries, who did not look kindly on criminals of any sort Today we have the O.J. Simpson trend in judicial affairs. In 1930 we had racism and apartheid. We didn't believe in coddling criminals. We made them serve their time. So how could there possibly be more than ten times as many people behind bars today as then?
Now, I know what some of you're thinking. You're thinking that we have more Blacks in America now, and they make up most of the prison population. But you know, Blacks only increased from 9.7 per cent of the U.S. population in 1930 to 13 per cent today. That by itself can't account for the 400 per cent per capita increase in the prison population.
So, I'll explain it for you. There has been an enormous increase in the percentage of lawbreakers in America primarily because the social institutions which used to keep antisocial activity in check have been destroyed: deliberately destroyed. And this has
6
gone hand in hand with the growth of liberal attitudes and liberal public policies. An example: In 1930 there was a very strict policy of racial segregation almost everywhere in the United States, in the North as well as in the South. Blacks did not live in the same neighborhoods as Whites, they did not eat in the same restaurants) they did not go to the same schools, and for the most part they did not work in the same offices and shops as Whites. Blacks found loitering in White neighborhoods, even in the daytime, were subject to arrest Blacks and Whites, in other words, did not mix socially, and so Blacks did not have much opportunity to commit crimes against Whites. Furthermore, Blacks understood that if they did commit' crimes against Whites and got caught, there would be no mercy and no leniency. Punishment would be sure, swift, and severe.
Furthermore, there was no social familiarity between Blacks and Whites. Blacks of any age customarily addressed "Whites as “sir” or “ma'am.” Blacks may not have loved Whites in 1930, and Whites for the most part made no pretense of loving Blacks, but Blacks did respect Whites, and Whites expected to be respected by Blacks. The net result was that far fewer crimes against Whites were committed by Blacks, and so far fewer Blacks were in prison for offenses against "Whites.
Now, the really interesting thing is that under these racially segregated conditions Blacks also committed far fewer crimes against other Blacks. Why was that.7 Well, it was because Blacks had much more of a Black community, much more of a Black society of their own in America in 1930 than they do today. They had their own schools, with their own teachers and principals. They had their own colleges. They were not flattered or pampered or given all sorts of unrealistic expectations with the resulting frustrations. They understood their limits, what they were permitted to do and what they were not permitted to do, what was expected of them and what was not expected. And they adapted to their condition moderately well. Individual Blacks didn't compare their condition to that of Whites and become resentful and frustrated; instead they compared their condition to that of other
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
Blacks. Their crime rate still was far higher than the White crime rate, but it was much lower than it is today.
Then the liberals, the egalitarians, set about removing all of the limits, setting aside all of the firm rules, abolishing the barriers between the Black society and the separate White society. They told the Blacks that they didn't have to respect or obey Whites any longer, that they were just as good as Whites, just as capable, and that they could enter White society and have everything the Whites had. I don't have time to go into this whole process in detail, but you know much of it already. The Roosevelt administration really began the process in earnest in 1933, and then the Second World War gave the liberals a wonderful opportunity to push it much fester. Blacks were hired by the millions by defense industries during the war, uprooted from rural areas and concentrated in cities. And they were put to work in defense plants right alongside Whites and paid far more money than they ever had seen before.
There was, of course, White resistance. In February 1942, just a few weeks after the war began, White residents in Detroit responded to the government's program of moving thousands of Blacks into the city and providing special housing for them by organizing a posse of 1,200 armed men to block the entrance to one of these Black housing projects. In June 1943	26,000 White workers at
Detroit's Packard Motor Plant went on strike to protest the hiring of Blacks for factory jobs that had belonged exclusively to Whites. The strike turned into a riot, in which 29 Blacks and 6 Whites were killed. The government sent in Federal troops to protect the Blacks. And of course, Detroit was not the only American city where the Roosevelt government's program to break down the barriers between the Black and White societies met resistance from Whites.
The problem everywhere was that the Whites had very little effective leadership. The working-class Whites, who were most immediately threatened socially and economically by the government's programs to integrate their neighborhoods and workplaces, were abandoned by the middle-class and upper-class Whites, conservatives as well as liberals, because the
latter didn't feel immediately threatened. Then as now, these educated and well-to-do Whites had only contempt for working-class Whites. Socioeconomic class consciousness was much stronger among them than race consciousness. It never occurred to them that one day the government would do to them what it was doing then to White workers. They were astoundingly short-sighted in this regard.
After the war, under Truman and Eisenhower and Johnson and Kennedy, the government continued breaking down the barriers, continued forcibly integrating the Black and White societies. Despite the 14th and 15th Amendments, Blacks in many parts of the South were not permitted to vote until after Lyndon Johnson's Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the energetic use of Federal police power to enforce it. This led to a huge increase in the number of Black elected officials in the South. And of course, there was the forced racial integration of the public schools everywhere, often accompanied by bizarre programs such as forced busing for racial balance. And then there were various forced housing schemes intended to break up racially segregated neighborhoods. And there was “equal employment opportunity” -which, in fact, often was racially biased hiring and promotion in favor of Blacks, under the guise of “affirmative action.” Et cetera. As I said, I don't have time to go into a detailed record of the way in which the government broke down the separate Black and White societies and forced them together into a single multicultural society.
There was intermittent White resistance to this forced integration program — rioting in South Boston over forced school integration, rioting in Oxford, Mississippi, in 1962 when the government forced the University of Mississippi to begin admitting Black students, and so on — but remarkably less resistance than might have been expected. Again, this was due to a lack of White organization, a lack of White leadership: the affluent and educated Whites, the Whites who might have provided effective leadership, opted out of the struggle, because they did not feel threatened by the government's integration program, and they were intimidated by
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
7
A coffin is used to represent the death of innocent Whites at the hands of Black criminals at a demonstration by Whites in South Africa.
the very effective Jewish television propaganda of the day, which tarred any racially conscious White person as “trailer trash.”
Blacks also rioted during the 1960s — not in opposition to the government's programs of forced racial mixing, but because their expectations of equality were not satisfied. The government and the Jewish media and the liberals had been telling them for decades that they were just as good and just as capable and just as deserving as White people, and that they could have everything that Whites had. And when they found that most Blacks couldn't have everything Whites had, when they discovered that a White life-style was not automatically forthcoming for them, they rioted and burned and looted on a huge scale. They burned Detroit and Newark and Los Angies and Washington and 20 other American cities in the 1960s.
The response of the government, the media, and the liberals to Black lawlessness was more of the same. The media and the liberals blamed both the Blacks' frustration and their explosions of rage on “White racism,” and the government devised still more programs to force Blacks and Whites together. But the old social constraints on Blacks were gone. They no longer had to address White people as “sir” or “ma'am.” They no longer feared or respected White people. And, most important, they no longer compared their own attainments with those of other Blacks but with those of Whites, and the comparison infuriated them. And so Black behavior took a drastic downturn, and Blacks began filling up the prisons.
Another excellent example of the change in Black behavior which results when the constraints imposed on Blacks by Whites are removed and at the same time all the barriers between a Black society and a White society coexisting side by side are taken away, is provided by South Africa. The two principal differences between South Africa and the United States in this regard are, first, that in South Africa the Blacks are the majority race; and second, that the removal of the White constraints and of the barriers between the two societies occurred much more quickly. The
results, however, have been almost exacdy the same. The Black crime rate in South Africa always was much higher than the White crime rate, of course, but prior to 1994 the victims of Black criminals were nearly all Black. The White government simply didn't tolerate Black crime against Whites, and Blacks who attacked Whites knew that they almost certainly would be caught, and that when caught their punishment would be swift and very severe.
Just as in America the liberals blamed Black criminality in South Africa on White racism. It was the effect of apartheid on Blacks which frustrated them and made them strike out at their fellow Blacks, the liberals explained. It was the White man holding the Black man down; it was the White man forcing the Black man to live in crowded, dirty, and violent slums; it was the White man refusing to share his schools and his neighborhoods and his White women with the Black man which made the Black man behave in a criminal way. Take your foot off the Black man's neck and treat him like a fellow human being, the liberals said to the White South Africans, and his behavior will improve gready.
Well, White people are nothing if not gullible, and White South Africans are if anything even more gullible than White Americans. They listened to the liberals. They said to themselves, yes, we're being terrible to the Blacks by making them have their own, separate society and by policing them so stricdy and by not letting them go to school with us or marry our women. They felt guilty about apartheid. And so in 1994 they
turned their country over to the Black majority in South Africa. They let the Blacks elect a Black government for the country. There no longer were any restrictions on where the Blacks could live. They could go to White schools and marry White women. They had Black judges and Black police officials. Apartheid was history. The White man's foot was off the Black man's neck.
And the Black man's behavior suddenly became much worse than it had been before. Not only did he begin raping, robbing, and murdering Whites on an unprecedented scale, but he also began committing more crimes against his fellow Blacks than ever before, life in the Black townships has become much more violent and dangerous than it was prior to Black rule. And Blacks in rural areas are being burned and stoned to death by their fellow Blacks on charges of witchcraft and sorcery. When the Whites were in charge they didn't tolerate that sort of thing. But now the Blacks are in charge, and many of them are wishing the Whites were running the country again. Crime is so bad that they long for apartheid again, when they felt much safer. And they're actually saying this in public. They're telling this to White television reporters.
You see, the same two things changed suddenly for Blacks in South Africa in 1994 as changed for Blacks in America over a period of several decades. White control was relaxed, and Black society lost its boundaries as it was told to merge with White society. And the results were very similar: an explosion of Black criminal behavior. The liberals, of course, have an explanation for Black behavior in South Africa just as they do in the United States. It's payback time, they say. The Blacks are still angry about having their human rights violated under apartheid, and that's why they're murdering White farmers and raping White women and stealing cars from White men, the liberals explain. It's a little more difficult for them to explain why the Blacks also are killing and robbing and raping more of their own people now.
But we know the explanation, don't we? First, without the White man's foot on his neck, the Black man will behave in his accustomed
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
way. Without the White man forcibly restraining him and making him fear the consequences, the Black man will do what comes naturally to him. And second, the Black man's society, as squalid as it may seem to us, does at least serve the purpose of providing a frame of reference for Blacks. Take that frame of reference away, and there will be trouble. When Blacks are able to compare their condition, their attainments, their status with those of other Blacks, they can deal with it. When they begin comparing themselves with Whites, the result is frustration, resentment, anger, and criminal behavior.
And I also should mention that the government's attempt to force a multicultural society in America has resulted in an increase in criminal behavior on the part of Whites also. At the same time that the Black incarceration rate has been rising, so has the White rate. I don't have a racial breakdown for 1930, but in the decade between 1985 and 1995 the percentage of White Americans in state and Federal prisons rose from 0.12 to .23: that is, from about an
eighth of a per cent to a little under a quarter of a per cent. In the same decade the percentage of Blacks incarcerated increased from .74 to 1.5: from three-quarters of a per cent to one and one-half per cent. Although the percentage of Blacks in prison increased slightly faster, both the White and Black imprisonment rates nearly doubled during that one decade, with Blacks somewhat more than six times as likely as Whites to be in prison.
And I also should point out that most of the five-fold increase since 1930 in the percentage of Americans in prison has taken place since the great social and racial revolution of the 1960s which the liberals remember so fondly: the decade of pot smoking and freedom marches and sit-ins and draft card burning and trashing the dean's office. The rise in the rate of incarceration was quite moderate between 1930 and 1970. It was in 1972 that the percentage of the American population in prison really began to skyrocket.
Today there are far more Americans in prison per capita than in any
other industrialized country except Russia, and we're neck and neck with Russia. We have nearly 11 times the incarceration rate of the Netherlands, for example.
The lesson of all this is that liberal theories about the wonders of multiculturalism and racial diversity and the horrors of segregation are one thing, but the hard, cold reality of the prison statistics is something quite different. You can force the races to mix only if you're prepared to lock them up at more than five times the rate for separate, racially homogeneous societies.
For further reading:
The World Almanac and Book of Facts, 1933 (New York World-Telegram, 1933)
The World Almanac and Book of Facts, 1998 (World Almanac Books, 1997)
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “When the Barriers Come Down,” aired on January 23, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
AIDS and the Cult of Equality
The organization which I head, the National Alliance, has for the past five years or so been publishing warnings about the dangers of contracting AIDS through sexual contact with non-Whites. We have warned, for example, that heterosexual Black males are 14 times as likely as heterosexual White males of being carriers of HIV, the AIDS-causing virus. Our data came from the U.S. government's Centers for Disease Control and were entirely accurate at the time. Of course, we were lambasted by the Jewish media and by a great many Politically Correct White people as well — “racially sensitive” Gentiles who take their lead from the Jewish media — for providing these warnings. We were denounced as “haters,” and horror was expressed that we would publish such information.
Some of these Politically Correct Whites are so steeped in the lie of equality that they don't believe such a startling difference between the races could exist. After all, they have been told all their lives by the public
schools and the government and the controlled media that Blacks and Whites are just alike except for skin color. So how could Black men be 14 times as likely as White men to transmit AIDS to a sexual partner? I mean, I receive hand-wringing letters literally every day from anguished egalitarians who whine to me that “we are all the same inside, Black and White. We all bleed red.” Well, of course, snakes and rats bleed red too. But there are differences.
Other White people who like to think of themselves as “racially sensitive” understand that this enormous racial disparity in HIV infection rates is real — they do not believe that the Centers for Disease Control is faking the data — but they believe that it is “racist” to mention it. They deplore anything which might offend Blacks by reminding them of racial differences or — even worse — which might reduce the incidence of interracial sex. Better for White women to die from
AIDS, they believe, than to avoid sex with Black men.
Well, just last week new AIDS data were published based on a study of 1.7 million blood donors in the United States. Each donor was tested for the presence of HIV using a new method which distinguishes between recent infections by the virus and infections which have been in the donor's blood for more than a few months. The study revealed a new infection rate among Blacks which is more than 25 times the new infection rate for Whites. I'll repeat that: the per capita number of new HIV infections among Blacks is between 25 and 26 times the number for Whites, indicating that the disparity between Blacks and Whites in the infection rate is increasing rapidly. While five years ago heterosexual Black males were 14 times more likely to be HIV carriers than Whites, the latest figures for new infections indicate that that ratio now is somewhere between 14 and 25: probably around 20.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
9

ililiill
jUSg;
your
combination Uierapf
'QombMrcmmal&ftmsfakrywtos&fQi* your medication schedule s '	;	'v '
'Qm Gembwr Tablet monrng and night,	'
w*ff*orw$jouf fbotf BIS BSH :|
yHefps you five a longer, healthm We1* , x ^
m that of £pft$® ffammtdine; 37Q m fta&dft*' {zdovudlm; AZT}. The most frequent ekteafteci associated mth Epwr+Retrovir taken together
reported mety with some WJ drugs, inGki&n& AZT and 3TC


i*$8a*manwmLm
WBm
Ijjwpimnc^^roTO^EWwOCT^!
StNuvsf^afoutiX
«(5S»©.i« < I'. - t-'SW-.!	!»!Sss;>«i
„ "t' o , #ftg*vtM61SS73S? *&?$$ \lllil
PROVEN POWER
for
HIV
AIDS began as a Black disease in Africa; it spread to White homosexu-als through sexual contact with Blacks, and for a few years White homosexuals made up the principal reservoir for AIDS outside of Africa; now, among heterosexuals, AIDS is on the way to becoming an almost exclusively Black disease again. In addition to the obvious behavioral reasons for this, there also are more direct genetic reasons: Blacks are genetically predisposed to infection by the AIDS-causing virus. This is an inherited, racial difference.
The main reason why AIDS remains a concern for White Americans is that heterosexual Whites can and do become infected by the virus, even if not as easily as Blacks do, and when we are infected the virus is just as lethal for us. There was a time when the main infection channels for Whites were intravenous drug usage and bisexual White males, who spread the disease from their homosexual male partners to their heterosexual female partners. These days the gready increased incidence of interracial sex, primarily between Black males and White women, is the principal channel the disease has into the heterosexual White population. Were it not for this interracial sex, we might be able to look forward to seeing the disease confined almost entirely to Blacks and homosexuals.
It might seem no real loss to us if White women who have sex with Blacks are lumped in with Blacks and homosexuals as part of the AIDS reservoir; certainly, we can do without them. Unfortunately, however, these trendy/trashy White women also have sex with White men. And the media bosses are doing everything they can to push the trend toward even more interracial sex by producing more racially mixed television entertainment and advertising. Mainly because of this, it looks like AIDS will continue to be a threat to normal White men and women even as it becomes more and more a Black disease.
The most interesting aspect of this to me is the continuing refusal of a large segment of the White public to recognize the racial aspects of the AIDS epidemic. Even people who're not zealots for Political Correctness are embarrassed by any discussion of the subject. To warn White women that sexual contact with a Black male
An ad for an AIDS drug placed by a pharmaceutical company in the Black magazine, Ebony.
these days is about 20 times as likely to result in an HIV infection as contact with a White male seems very offensive to these overly sensitive souls. To them it's like yelling “nigger” in public. It's just so embarrassing that they can't deal with it.
You know, I'm as much in favor of politeness and decorum in race relations as anyone. I've never been in favor of being gratuitously offensive. But I've also never been in favor of sticking my head in the sand or
refusing to deal with relevant facts: especially facts relevant to the evergrowing and ever-more-threatening racial problem in America. On these broadcasts I've talked about the much greater tendency of Blacks toward criminal behavior. I've talked about the prison statistics and the murder statistics and the armed robbery statistics and the rape statistics. These statistics come from the U.S. Department of Justice and the Census Bureau and the FBI, and they show
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
INTER
YOU’LL GET:
•	Lively discussion on the realities of interracial dating—where to meet; what to expect; what to avoid
•	Personal introductions to HUNDREDS OF SINGLES nationwide and in-depth profiles of eligible singles
I Inside information on getting together and staying together
•	Dating do’s and don’ts and solutions to problems you mav encounter
SUBSCRIBE
TODAY!
Special Offer
1 Year (4 issues)
And, well give you a
personal ad (up to 50 words) with your paid subscription.
INTERRACE Singles We Vc Got What ftm r e (Mokinu Fort
There is nothing that egalitarians are fonder of than disastrous.
racial mixing, but the consequences are
really radical differences in Black and White behavior. These behavioral differences are based on race, on genes — not on income. One can see this radical difference in criminal behavior between Blacks and Whites in the same income brackets. And these crime statistics, just like the AIDS statistics, are relevant. White people need to be aware of these racial differences. Actually, it wouldn't hurt Blacks to be aware of them too. Anyway, I don't talk about crime statistics in order to offend anyone or to hurt anyone's feelings. Yet whenever I do talk about them, I receive the same whining letters from White idiots who ask me why I can't understand that “we're all the same inside.”
And it's the same when I talk about IQ differences between the races. These racial intelligence differences are large, they are real, and they are relevant Our schools are in the mess they are in today largely because we ignore these racial differences in intelligence, these differences in problem-solving ability. It embarrasses otherwise intelligent White people to talk about them. They don't want to be reminded of them. And so they ignore them and pretend that they don't exist. And they hate me when I won't let these relevant truths be
ignored; they hate me when I rub their noses in the truth.
My organization, the National Alliance, publishes material on racial demographics. For several years we've distributed stickers which have the words on them in large print, “Earth's most endangered species: the White race — help preserve it.” Millions of those stickers have been stuck on fences or power poles or tacked to bulletin boards all over America.
You may have seen one. If you haven't, send me a self-addressed, stamped envelope, and I'll send you a free sample. And of course, that sticker, just like everything else we publish, is based on hard facts. It's based on the fact that White Americans are fast becoming a minority in their own country, just as people of European race already are a minority in the world and are becoming a smaller minority with each passing year. In 1950 the population of the United States was 90 per cent White. Today it's just over 70 per cent White, and Bill Clinton has been boasting to his supporters that Whites will be a minority in the United States within the next few decades. In the world the White population already is down close to 10 per cent — and that's because Whites, with their medical science and their agricultural science,
have reduced the death rate in the non-White areas of the world and caused the populations there to explode during the 20th century.
Anyway, the message on our sticker is about as innocuous and inoffensive as a message can be. Not a word about Blacks on die sticker, not a word about hurting anyone or about anyone being superior or inferior to anyone else. Yet that simple message — “help preserve the White race” — brings us more hate mail than anything else we publish. And I mean hate mail from White people, who really become uptight when they see our stickers.
Of course, I don't mean that all White people become uptight when they see our publications or hear my message. Actually, our favorable mail
—	letters from people who tell us how pleased they were to see one of our stickers or to hear one of my broadcasts, people who tell me how much they agree with my message: our love mail — is running more than three to one over our hate mail. But that may be simply due to the fact that the people who like what I have to say are a more literate bunch than the haters; they are better able to cope with the task of writing a letter.
I say that because I'm aware of Bill Clinton's popularity polls, and I know that anyone who likes Bill Clinton must hate what I say. Of course, I know that much of Bill Clinton's constituency isn't White. The Democrats have put together a coalition of non-Whites and seriously defective Whites
—	homosexuals, feminists, welfare recipients, and so on: people who have a grievance against society and think they're entided to special treatment — and this coalition makes up a majority of the Clinton constituency. And I'm not talking to these people. I don't care what they think. The only people in the Clinton constituency I care about are the more or less normal, productive White people.
I say more or less normal, because it's difficult for me to regard anyone who supports Bill Clinton as being entirely normal. I think these people need to have their heads worked on — seriously. 1 think that if we could understand what's wrong with these White Clinton supporters we could understand what makes people send me hate letters when I publish AIDS statistics or race-and-crime
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
statistics or other facts which are contrary to what they've been told by their television.
At first I thought that these people were afraid that the material I publish might offend Blacks and might provoke a riot and that was why they objected to it. Of course, I wouldn't be offended if a Black organization published statistics, for example, proving that White people are much more likely to get skin cancer from exposure to the sun than Blacks are. It wouldn't bother me a bit. For one thing, I know that it's true. For another thing, I believe that it's good for White people to be reminded of that: it might make them a little more careful not to get sunburned. And if the Blacks want to believe that their relative immunity to sun-induced skin cancer makes them a superior race, well that's all right with me too. I'm not offended.
But really, I think that the White people who get upset with me when I say that we ought to preserve the White race aren't worried that this will hurt the feelings of Blacks. They aren't worried about being offensive to Blacks. It is they who are offended, because it is an assault on their religion. One of the things that led me to this conclusion was my noticing that the people who send me hate letters have a tendency to say very similar things, as if they're quoting from scripture. I've already mentioned one of die scriptural quotes I often hear from these people: “we're all the same inside,” which is just another way of saying that the only difference between the races is skin color. And then there's the reminder that we all bleed red. I guess I've heard that a thousand times. And it's such a stupid thing to say, that they must be quoting scripture. It's like saying that people have white bones, and ratde-snakes have white bones, therefore there's really no difference between people and ratdesnakes. When they say, “We all bleed red,” that's supposed to end the argument. It's like they believe they have said something very profound.
And there are other really stupid things they all have in their litany. For example, I've heard them say at least a thousand times, “There's no such thing as a White race. There's only the human race.” And if you meet one of these idiots face to face, he'll
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
prove to you that there's no such thing as a White race. He'll put his hand down on a sheet of white paper and triumphandy point out that nis skin tone — and mine — aren't really white, like the paper. End of argument.
You know, I called these people idiots because they say such stupid things. But really, most of them are not idiots. Most of them can figure out how to operate their VCRs, and some of them can even fill out their own income tax forms, which is more than I can do. They all say the same stupid things because these things come from a catechism. They are statements of religious orthodoxy. They don't really believe that when I say, “I am a White man,” they can refute me by showing me that my skin tone is not the same as a sheet of white paper. They only believe that in their make-believe world of egalitarianism. And the reason they become angry when they see my stickers about preserving the White race is that I am challenging their religion, which tells them that there is no White race. I am telling them that what they believe isn't real; it's only make-believe. And that makes them angry. It makes them hateful. That's why they write me hate letters which are full of angst and passion and venom, instead of just ignoring me or laughing at me as a benighted infidel. They feel threatened. At some level of their consciousness they understand that their religion is just make-believe. They can be Religiously Correct — they can be pious — when they are with other egalitarians. But in the presence of a heretic they feel threatened, because, as I said, at some level they understand that their Religious Correctness is only make-believe. It cannot stand up to examination in the real world. It will collapse like a house of cards. That's why they hate any dissident, any heretic.
I'll say it again: when I see a lot of otherwise intelligent people saying the same stupid things as if they were reciting scripture or reading from a catechism, and when they respond with angst and hatred when contradicted, then I suspect that I am dealing with the members of a religious cult — and in this case it's the cult of egalitarianism. These are people for whom the statement that there is no difference between Whites and Blacks
11
except skin color is not a scientific statement: it's a religious statement. They're horrified when I advise White women that sexual contact with a Black male is about 20 times as likely to give them AIDS as is sex with a White male, not because they believe that I'm saying something which is scientifically incorrect, but because I'm saying something Religiously Incorrect; I am saying something heretical, which threatens their whole belief structure. They are responding to me in the same emotional way that a devout Christian in the 15th century might have responded to someone who announced publicly that he didn't believe in the virgin birth. And in fact, die people that I offend by stating truths which contradict their egalitarian beliefs, just like their 15th-century Christian counterparts, would like to see me burned at die stake.
You know, this business of making a religion out of egalitarianism isn't just a curious psychological phenomenon, suitable only for investigation by students of abnormal psychology: it's an extraordinarily dangerous phenomenon that every patriot — and in fact, every rational person — ought to be very concerned about. In the first place, the prophets and the priests and the bishops of the cult of egalitarianism have at their disposal the most powerful machinery of persuasion and mind control which has ever existed: they are the masters of Hollywood and Madison avenue, of television and films, of all of die most influential newspapers and news magazines. Using their machinery of mind control, they have persuaded the most impressionable segments of our people that certain concepts are sacred and undebatable: concepts such as democracy, equality, diversity, multiculturalism. These are holy concepts, which must never be questioned by cult members. And other concepts are undebatably evil: racism, patriotism, sexism, homophobia, anti-Semitism — ah, yes, above all else, anti-Semitism must be opposed by the cult members.
The cult has appeared under different guises at different times and places. Sometimes it has been called communism, sometimes democracy, but the underlying idea always has been equality, and the prophets and bishops always have been the same people — that is, people from the
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
same tribe, the tribe of Karl Marx and Michael Eisner and Steven Spielberg. And they have preached their poison, their hatred for heretics, for ail who questioned their doctrine of equality. They have murdered more people in the name of equality than have been killed for the sake of any other religion. As the great Russian patriot Alexander Solzhenitsyn noted just a few months ago, two generations of the best of his people were selectively murdered in the name of equality — everyone who excelled, everyone who stood out from the crowd, everyone
Thoughts on
I receive many letters from listeners, and usually they are gratifying to me. Some people tell me that I have opened their eyes or that I have helped them make sense out of what's been happening to their world, that my explanations have really helped them understand what's going on, have helped them see the big picture. And some people tell me that they already had figured out by themselves what's happening, and that they are very happy to have discovered my broadcasts, because now they know that they aren't the only ones to have figured it out: that they aren't alone in the world, that there are others who have come to the same conclusions they have.
I especially sympathize with these people who tell me how glad they are to discover that they're not the only ones who understand what's happening, because there was a time when I also wondered whether I was the only sane person in the universe. I was running around telling anyone who would listen, “My god, don't you understand where this policy of racial integration of the schools will lead? It will lead to the drugs and crime that are endemic among Blacks spreading to White boys and girls. It will lead to a lowering of scholastic standards to accommodate the Blacks. It will lead to a gready increased rate of racial intermarriage.”
And people would look at me as if I were crazy, and they'd tell me I was an alarmist They'd say to me, “Just having a few Blacks in school won't hurt anything. Surely everything will go on pretty much as it always has.”
whose excellence showed up the lie of human equality, was murdered by the egalitarians who had a deathgrip on Russia. And really, if they could, they'd do the same thing in America.
That is something to remember every time you hear a cult member whine that “we're all the same inside.” It's something to remember when the simple warning that contact with Blacks is the way most White women are becoming infected with the AIDS virus elicits the sneering response from a cult member that “their blood is just as red as yours.”
These cult members really don't care how many White women catch AIDS from Blacks or how many White people are the victims of Black criminals. Their only concern is that people not be reminded of these things.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “AIDS and the Cult of Equality,” aired on February 13, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Accepting Responsibility
Then, "after I'd looked into the ownership and management of the news and entertainment media which were pushing every destructive racial and social and political policy and I discovered that most of them were Jews, I figured I had the key to what was happening to America, and I tried to tell people about that. I'd say, “Listen, did you know that every major studio in Hollywood is run by Jews? Did you know that all three television networks are run by Jews?” In those days there were just three television networks, ABC, CBS, and NBC. And I'd start naming the Jews who were running the big film companies in Hollywood, the Jews who ran the networks, the Jews who owned the New York Times and the Washington Post and the three weekly news magazines. I'd say, “Hey, listen, the Jews make up less than three per cent of the population in the United States, and yet they control nearly every medium of mass communication. That's no coincidence.” And people would tell me, “Well, so what7 They're just good businessmen, that's all. They're clever at that sort of thing. That's how they got control. Don't worry about it.”
And I'd say, “But don't you see, with their monopoly control of the media they're able to have an enormous influence on public opinion. Look at what they're doing with these television serials of theirs, All in the Family, and M*A*S*H, and the rest. They're all slanted the same way — all of them. That's no coincidence. And by controlling the ideas and opinions of such a large segment of the public,
they can control votes, they can control political candidates. That's why our government is pushing the same policies the media are pushing. It's no coincidence. Don't you understand?”
And people would say to me, “Don't talk like that. That sounds like anti-Semitism. You can't say anything that's anti-Semitic, because if you do the media will destroy you, they'll smear you, they'll cause you to lose your job. Go away; don't talk to me.”
And I'd reply to them, “Look, I don't care what you call it — anti-Semitism or patriotism or alarmism or what — the point is that it's the truth; it's what's happening to us. And it's our responsibility to stop it.” But my listeners already would be running away as fast as they could go. And I would really feel lonely. And so I can sympathize with the listeners who write me today and tell me how glad they are to have found out that they're not alone in their concern for what's being done to our country, to our civilization, to our people.
But let me tell you, it's a lot easier today to find people who agree with us than it was 25 years ago. There are a lot more concerned people out there today than there were then. There are a lot more people who understand what's happening. And if my efforts have had anything to do with that, if I have been able to increase the number of those who understand, then I am very happy for that. That is my reward for everything I do: knowing that I am building the number of people who understand what's happening in the world today.
But you know, there's more to our task than just helping people to
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books I Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
13
We have a responsibility to past generations ...
understand what's happening. The bigger job is to get people to accept responsibility — personal responsibility — for straightening things out. Even back in those days when I felt very lonely, I realized that getting people to accept responsibility was a more difficult job than getting them to understand. When people told me, “You can't talk about the Jews; they'll destroy you,” — when they said that and then ran away from me, it was clear that they already had at least some understanding of the Jewish problem. They understood that the Jews are extremely powerful and are organized and don't want anybody explaining to the public what they're up to. These people already understood that much without my telling them about it. They just didn't want to do anything about it. They were afraid. They didn't want to accept personal responsibility.
It took a while for that fact to sink in. I couldn't understand this unwillingness to accept responsibility. I mean, when our ancestors came over here from England and Scodand and Scandinavia and Germany and took this land away from the Indians and built a country, they weren't a bunch of softies or cowards or people who ran away from a challenge. They were strong people. They were fighters. How did their great-great-great-great-great grandsons become such a bunch of wimps, such a bunch of couch potatoes and lemmings? I couldn't understand that.
Well, since then I have gradually come to understand how that happened, how America lost its spine. America isn't the only country that's happened to. And of course, not every American has lost his spine. There still are many Americans who are not afraid of the truth. There still are Americans who are willing to accept personal responsibility: Americans who when they understand what's going on, either because I explained it to them or they figured it out for themselves, don't run away. Instead they say, “What can I do? How can I help?” There still are Americans like that. The problem is that there aren't enough of them. So I want to share with you my thoughts on this concept of personal responsibility, in the hope that it will help you be willing to accept your responsibility also.
You know, we live in an age of shirkers, of deadbeats, of people who actually think they're being smart by never being responsible for anything. It seems like the first rule a lot of our soldiers in Vietnam learned 25 years ago was “never volunteer for anything.” That's what I hear from a lot of Vietnam vets. But this attitude also has permeated our whole society and has affected many Americans who are too young to have been in Vietnam. People who spend a lot of time on the Internet discussing political and social issues with other people tell me that
die word there too is “never join anything; if you do the government may cause you trouble or you may be asked to do something; so the smart thing to do — the safe thing to do — is never join anything.”
Well, of course, the thing about the Internet is that it is anonymous. People can express their opinions about anything they want without anybody knowing who they are. They all use pseudonyms or nicknames. It's the perfect environment for cowards, for shirkers. They can shoot their mouths off and act like real men with-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
and to future generations.
out being called to account. And like shirkers everywhere, they would like for everyone else to be a shirker too, so they are not shown up for what they are. They would like for their cowardice and irresponsibility to be regarded as prudence. They want to thought of as smart guys instead of as shirkers.
But really, how smart is it never to accept any personal responsibility? What that amounts to is opting to be a spectator in life instead of a participant. life is interesting. Life can be fun. There are many fascinating things to observe, to talk about. And I guess these smart guys figure that they will watch it ail first. They will talk about it all with their friends first. Then when they know everything they can go back and make smart choices about what to become involved in.
■ They won't make any mistakes.
But you know, it doesn't work that way. You don't get to go back and start over after you've watched it all and got it all figured out. You only get one shot at life, and you've got to make the most of it. You've got to figure it out as you go, even if that means accepting some risk and making some mistakes. There's no going back. If you just watch it all the way to the end, telling everyone how smart you are because you're not making any commitments or taking any chances, you've missed your chance to
live. And that chance never will come again. The people who live are the people who participate in life, not the spectators who just watch it go by.
I guess that in this television age, when kids grow up spending much more time watching things happen on the TV screen than actually doing things, people who are naturally weak and passive will slip into the spectator mode and stay there all their lives. And at this point there's not much we can do for them. They've just missed it. But I know that there are many men and women out there who still are capable of reaching out and taking hold of life and living. Those are the ones I'm talking to. And I apologize if what I'm saying sounds painfully obvious, painfully self-evident — but it is so extremely important that I must say it.
This wonderful gift of life that we have, what does it mean? What is its real value? Is it simply a collection of sensations, of feelings, that we get as spectators? I'm sure that for many people that's what life is. The more pleasurable their collection of sensations, the more pleasant their feelings, the more enjoyable the things they see as spectators, the better their life is. And that's understandable. That's what life always has been for animals — and we are animals. We are creatures of instinct, and our instincts tell us to survive, to find food, to seek shelter, to reproduce, to avoid danger. In a prosperous, civilized society the drive to satisfy these basic needs expresses itself as a quest for wealth, for enjoyment, for comfort.
A thousand years ago our ancestors also sought wealth, enjoyment, and comfort. But they didn't believe that these things were quite as important as most people today think they are. In that age before television people were perhaps a little closer to the earth, and they were a little more aware of just how temporary an individual's life is, and they reached out for things with a little more permanence, things beyond wealth and comfort and pleasure, things which to
them seemed to have more real meaning. I remember a few lines of poetry which expressed this feeling among our ancestors in Scandinavia — ana more generally in the Germanic parts of Europe — back during the Viking age. Those lines are:
Cattle die, and kinsmen die, and so must one die oneself. But there is one thing I know which never dies, and that is the fame of a dead man's deeds.
For our ancestors a thousand years ago, of course, cattle were wealth, and kinsmen were power, and though they sought these things just as we do today, they understood that they were transitory; the value of these things was not permanent. The only thing that is permanent is the mark that one makes on the world with one's deeds. Everyone wants to live well, of course, but it is better to live effectively: to live so that one is remembered for what one has accomplished.
And to put a little finer edge on the concept, it is not just fame in itself which is important. What counts also is the type of fame, the type of renown. The goal was to be remembered not just for being able to throw a spear farther than others or to swing a battle-ax harder or to use a sword more skillfully; it was to be remembered for having lived a meaningful life, a significant life. For some that meant a life of accomplishment, of changing the world; for others it meant a life lived as closely as possible in accord with the ideals of personal honor and of service to one's people, so that one's life could be held up as a model and remembered as such.
In any case the life that had lasting value was a life of participation; never a life of sitting on one's hands and playing it safe. Perhaps too much television and too much comfort have caused us to lose sight of this very important thing which our ancestors understood. I think that they saw their individual lives more clearly in the larger context of the ongoing life of the race than we do. They were on more familiar terms with birth and with death than we are and were not as likely as we are to slip into the folly of believing that they would live forever. And so being constandy aware of the reality and inevitability of death they were more concerned than we
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
are to use their lives effectively and to give lasting meaning to them.
For those of us today who do want to participate in life, who want to live significant lives, there is no more significant activity in which to participate than working to assure a healthy future for our people, for our European race. And there is almost no limit to the ways in which you can participate in this activity. Whether you're a housewife or a computer sci-entist or a machinist or a secretary or a bulldozer operator or a law-enforcement officer or a teacher or a writer or an artist, you can participate. The only reason that a rabble of feminists and queers and Jews and Blacks and mestizos and liberals1 and Clinton supporters are running America into the ground today is that decent people are sitting on their hands. If the decent people in America would get off their hands and accept personal responsibility for what is being done to their world, and if diey would make a commitment and begin working together, we could sweep the whole Clinton coalition into the dustbin of history. It doesn't matter that the Clinton rabble outnumber us. We will whip them in a minute. We will have the media bosses jumping into the ocean all along the East Coast and swimming toward Israel as fast as they can go. But first we must be willing to accept personal responsibility.
And so my message today to every decent person who is listening is this: Don't be a shirker. Don't try to be a smart guy by continuing to cheer from the sidelines but refusing to join the team and get out on the field. Stand up and become a participant in life. Make of your life a model that people will remember and talk about long after you're gone. And sure, the bureaucrats in the Clinton government may try to put your name on some sort of “enemies” list of Politically Incorrect people, but you should regard that as a badge of honor.
And let me tell you something else — and this is directed not only toward the decent men and women in my audience, but also toward those who now think of themselves as “smart guys” — let me tell you: don't
FREE SPEECH for February 1999
What Is the National Alliance?
Ideology end program ol the rational Alliance:
■ What Ha mambara be! lava
•	What they want to achltve
•	How they Intend to do H

If you want to accept your responsibility to your race, write to the address on the bottom of this page and ask for publication 534. You will get information about joining the National Alliance.
worry if the Clinton government hates you for standing up and accepting your personal responsibility. Don't worry if Hillary Clinton denounces you as part of some “right wing conspiracy.” Don't worry if Janet Reno tells her jackbooted thugs that you should be watched. Don't worry about any of these people. Don't be afraid of them, because they aren't going to last. Their ship is taking on water fast, and they are going down sooner than they expect, believe me.
Listen, I'm not one of these old-fashioned moralists who'll tell you that because every major city in America has become the sort of place that would make the folks in Sodom and Gomorrah blush, we're going to be punished with fire and brimstone. I don't believe that wickedness is automatically punished. I do believe that evil can thrive and prosper for quite a while. My god, look, at how successful the Jews have been.
But I also believe that when a society loses its manliness, when its leaders lose all sense of direction and no longer are guided by any principle or any ideal and are concerned only with looking out for themselves, when a country loses its backbone and its citizens withdraw from the public arena and refuse to be anything but spectators — then that society, that country, will not remain afloat for long. It's going under.
I mean, how can anyone be afraid of a government headed by Bill
15
Clinton? How can anyone take seriously a Congress whose members are so frightened by the opinion polls that they won't throw the bum out? Janet Reno may still have a lot of jack-booted thugs at her disposal, but by being a part of the Clinton government she has forfeited the respect, the serious consideration, of decent citizens. Really, the time has come for us to understand that this government of clowns and criminals in Washington may still be dangerous, but it won't be around forever. And I'm not talking about just the Clinton administration; I'm talking about the whole structure, the whole system. In planning our strategies, in deciding how we should live, what the government thinks about us just shouldn't be as fundamental a consideration as it would be if we lived in a healthy society with a government of principled men. Even the smart guys should be thinking ahead to the time when this rotten system and all its supporters, all its collaborators, are with the maggots, and people who don't know how to accept personal responsibility because they have never done it, people who don't know how to participate in events because they always have been only spectators, may find the going a lot rougher. The non-participants may find it much harder to survive.
Anyway, it's always better to be a participant than a spectator, and never more than now. It is time, my fellow White men and women, for us to stop worrying about anything except doing what is right. It is time for us to accept our responsibilities.
Thanks for being with me again today. And by the way, if you missed my radio broadcast last week, you still can listen to it through the Internet. The current program and a few recent programs — both text and audio — always are accessible on the Internet.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Thoughts On Accepting Responsibility,” aired on February 6, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
iniMIIIOMmilMllimilllMIIIIUUlWIIMMIUUMIIlIHUMIIMIUHIIIM^
Send a note saying, "I want to subscribe to Free Speech$40,
Subscribe to Free Speech! and your name and address (clearly written) to the address on
»	’	the	bottom	of	this	page.
MiuiiiuiiiiitniiuiiittiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuHiuiiiMiiiiiuiiiiiiMim
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year