FREE SPEECH • MAY 1997 • VOLUME 111, NO. V B#4	Evelyn	Hill,	Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession, as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for use.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEE<jgf
Time To TOMB What’s Right
Dr. William Pierce
Focusing Our Anger*
Dr. William Pierce
What Terrifies America’s Enemies
Dr. William Pierce
A/
FS/ADV News
Toward a Healthy Society
Dr. William Pierce
Time To Do What’s Right
Why Does it Matter Who Controls the Media?
Well, well, well! Finally even someone in the Clinton gang said something about it: there are far too many Jews in Clinton's government An unnamed bureaucrat in the State Department, trying to implement the Clinton government's policy of maximizing “diversity” in the bureaucracy, looked around and noticed that nearly all of the people in the key policy positions in the State Department are Jews, and he wrote a memorandum to other bureaucrats saying, “Hey, we have Goo many Jews. We need to hold off on appointing any more Jews to vacant positions around here and try to get some other ethnicities involved.” He pointed out in particular that everyone in the section of the State Department dealing with the Middle East is a Jew.
Of course, the number of Jews in the State Department has become much more noticeable since Clinton's
Bill Clinton With Defense Secretary William Cohen Clinton has appointed more Jews to his administration than any other president in history
2
Jewish secretary of state Madeleine Albright was appointed and immedi-atelv surrounded herself with a swarm ot Jewish assistants and advisors. But it is considered impolite to notice this, and when someone leaked the memo about there being too many Jews to a local newspaper, the Washington Times, things hit the fan. There were screams of outrage from all the usual quarters. Jewish Con* gressman Benjamin Gilman, a Republican from New York and chairman of the House Internal Affairs Committee, complained angrily about the memo to Mr. Clinton, wailing that any attempt to stop the State Department from becoming entirely Jewish is “religious discrimination.” And in Mr. Clinton Congressman Gilman found a sympathetic listener. Mr. Clinton has appointed more Jews to government positions than any other President in history — by far. In particular he has hardly appointed anyone except Jews to the positions of control over America's foreign policy. His entire national security team is Jewish: the secretary of state, the secretary of defense, the chief of the National Security Council and his deputy — they're all Jews appointed by Clinton. And so the State Department bureaucrat who wrote that memo is now in
very hot water. Predictions are that /
he will be crucified — which, come to think of it, is a punishment which has a historical precedent for a similar offense against die Jewish establishment.
The bureaucrat’s problem is that he just didn't get it:	He	just never
understood that what the government's policy of “diversity” really means is, get rid of the straight, White males. One heterosexual White male in any department is one too many. But you do not ask whether or not there may be too many homosexuals or too many Blacks or too many Hispanic lesbians or too many Vietnamese immigrants in a particular government agency — and especially you never, never, never comment about there being too many Jews. There can't be too many Jews in positions of power and influence. “Diversity” doesn't apply to Jews.
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin
The government bureaucracy isn't the only place where it is Politically Incorrect to notice the huge overabundance of Jews; organized crime is another area. When the Los Angeles police announced that they had found out who had killed the son of Black television actor Bill Cosby, they told the world that their suspect is a “Russian” — and might be a hit man for a “Russian” organized crime gang, suggesting that Cosby may have been involved in some sort of drug deal which went bad. When this announcement hit the news last week, there was much talk on television about how the “Russians” are taking over organized crime in the United States, about how the most vicious and sophisticated organized crime gangs are made up of “Russian” immigrants, and so on. The word “Jew” was never mentioned in connection with any of this, and so the average television viewer would never realize that these crime gangs actually have no Russians in them at all. They consist entirely of Jews from Russia and other parts of the former Soviet Union. They are Jewish organized crime gangs, but that fact is never
mentioned by the controlled news media.
The reason America is now plagued by the Jewish organized crime gangs is that our government in Washington has for years treated Jews differendy from all other persons in Eastern Europe seeking entry to the United States. If you're a real Russian who wants to come to the United States to get away from the disastrous economic conditions in post-Communist Russia, our government won't let you in. But if you're a Jew who wants to come over here from Russia because your tribe already has picked that country's bones clean, you are welcomed with open arms and given every advantage. You are classified as a “refugee from persecution.” Hundreds of thousands of Soviet Jews have poured into the United States during the past 20 years, and many of them were hardened criminals. They ran the rackets in Russia, and now that they've bled Russia dry they've come over here to suck our blood. It is these Jewish so-called “refugees” who have set up the vicious organized crime gangs on the east and west coasts — especially in the New York and Los Angeles areas — and are doing far more damage than the Italian mafia ever did. But you would never know that from watching television. And don't expect the Clinton government to change its policy toward those poor, persecuted Soviet Jews still pouring into America.
After the Los Angeles police had investigated their suspect, Mikhail Markhasev, for a day or two, they announced that they believed he was not acting on behalf of any organized crime group when he shot Cosby. He is only 18 years old and came to the United States with his family eight years ago as a “Russian refugee,” they said. Still no mention that he is a Jew, but the description of him as a “Russian refugee” is a dead giveaway, because, as I just mentioned, for all practical purposes it is only Jews who are given that status. And it turned out that this particular 18-year-old Jew has an extensive criminal record and is known as a hardened and vicious thug, and may have been undergoing
I
1997 * National Vanguard Hooks * Box J30 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/ytar
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
3
initiation into a gang when he killed Cosby.
The two news items I've mentioned — the fuss about a bureaucrat's memo on the growing Jewishness of our State Department and the murder of Bill Cosby's son by a Jewish criminal from Russia — may sound like they're completely unrelated, but they're not. The common link they have is the Jewish control of America's news and entertainment media.
The State Department is supposed to look out for America's interests in our dealings with other countries. It's supposed to exercise diplomacy on our behalf in a way which will solve our problems with other countries without our having to go to war. One of the key problem spots in the world, of course, is the Middle East. Our State Department spends more time dealing with problems in the Middle East than anywhere else in the world. The root of all the problems in the Middle East is the seizure of Arab land by Jews in a series of wars over the past 50 years. And how does our State Department look out for our interests in the Middle East? It staffs the Middle Eastern section entirely with Jews. That's like trying to solve problems in the henhouse by putting a fox in charge.
No major politician in Washington, no sophisticated bureaucrat in Washington, believes that the State Department is looking out for American interests in the Middle East Everyone understands that the real job of the State Department is to look out for Jewish interests. Everyone understands that except the general public. The general public hasn't been let in on the secret, because the news media, which are supposed to keep the public informed, are covering for the Jews. Can you imagine the screams of outrage you would hear if any President or Secretary of State tried to staff the Middle Eastern section of the State Department with Arabs? The media would be screaming that the State Department was biased against Israel, that it wasn't really looking out for America's interests, that it was siding with the Arabs. They would make sure that the public heard about it — over and over and over. But when the State Department
National Security Advisor Samuel Berger
becomes essentially an arm of the government of Israel, the public doesn't hear a peep.
It may be foreign affairs that our Jew-heavy State Department deals with, but foreign affairs have domestic consequences. They can cost American lives. They take money out of the pockets of American taxpayers. The American public may not have found out yet that our State Department doesn't represent American interests, but the rest of the world has found out. That's why the Marine barracks in Lebanon was blown up, killing 237 of our Marines in 1983; that's why the World Trade Center in New York City was bombed a decade later; that's why our military people were bombed in Saudi Arabia last year; that's why there will be other terror bombings in the future which will take American lives. And it's why the Jews in our State Department very well may lead our country into another war in the Middle East in the near future. They will do it because they know that the Jews who control the media will cover for them.
Or take the Cosby killing. The Soviet Jewish thug who did it was in this country only because our government automatically classifies any Jew in eastern Europe who wants to come to the United States as a “refugee from persecution.” It's a racket, and it wouldn't exist if our news media would expose it. But they don't. So the organized Jewish groups put pressure on the politicians, the politicians give them the special laws and hand-
outs for Israel and other things they demand, and the news media just keep quiet about it, so Joe and Jill Six-pack never have a clue as to what's happening.
What we need are honest, responsible, and patriotic news media, which actually keep the public informed about what's going on. As long as the Jews have their death grip on the media, the public will remain ignorant, and every sort of corrupt and destructive activity will be able to proceed without the public's knowledge. Joe and Jill Sixpack will learn only what the Jews want them to learn.
But the public consists of more than Joe and Jill Sixpack. When I say Joe and Jill Sixpack, I'm talking about the great mass of Americans who never have an idea in their heads that they didn't get from television, who turn first to the sports section when they open their newspapers, and who never analyze anything, who never think carefully about anything. Unfortunately, Joe and Jill vote — in fact, they make up the great mass of voters — and so it suffices for the Jews' purpose to keep Joe and Jill in the dark. But there are people who do keep up with what's going on in the world. There are lots of people who concern themselves with what's really happening. They read the small print in their newspapers, and they read between the lines. They know how to add two and two and draw the correct conclusion. They have noted what our State Department has been doing during the past 50 years, and they have noted many of the names and faces of the people involved. And so when they spot a small news article reporting Congressman Gilman's outrage over some minor personnel official in the State Department being concerned that there are too many Jews in the department, these people are not surprised or confused. They understand. And they have read and remembered the fine print about the immigration of Soviet Jews into this country, and so they understand what the newspapers really mean when they report about “Russian” gangs of organized criminals.
They understand, so why do they not speak out7 Why do they remain silent while the Jews continue to deceive and plunder their fellow citizens? These people who understand
© 1997 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPBBt
"H for May 1997
rupt government. But look at the cost of remaining silent: the loss of one's self-respect, the loss of one's sense of righteousness — unless one has a very flexible conscience. Is it worth it?
You k now, someone once said “What does it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world and yet lose his soul?” And I say, what degree of security, what amount of material wealth, is great enough to sacrifice one's honor for it? What can the Jews threaten a man with that is more terrible than living with the knowledge that he has shirked his responsibility, that he has foiled to do what he knows he should do and could do?
I am attacked continually by the Jews in their newspapers and their television. They shriek that I am a “hater,” and they try to frighten ordinary people into staying away from me. And they do more. They sic the government on me, and they try to bankrupt me with harassing lawsuits. I used to have a tax exemption because all of my work is educational, and I'm certainly not in it for the profit. But the B'nai B'rith, one of the powerful Jewish organizations to whose tune the politicians dance, complained to the Internal Revenue Service, and they obediendy took away my tax exemption. Morris Dees and h is Southern Poverty Law Center tried to bankrupt me with a spurious law suit in an effort to silence me. Morris Dees boasted to the newspapers when he sued me that he would “shut Pierce down." And these things certainly are a nuisance. But the compensation is that I sleep well at night. I live and work constandy with the joy of knowing that I am doing the right thing, that I am doing what I should he doing, to the best of my ability. And despite all of die hatred and all of the attacks the Jews direct against me, the number of my friends and supporters continues to grow.
It is possible to stand up to the Jews. It is possible to do what you know is right without being destroyed. They have much power, but it is power which they are obliged to keep concealed. They understand that they are playing a very risky and
Bill Clinton and Secretary of State Madeline Albright
more often than not are successful people, people who wield a certain amount of power, a certain amount of influence. They could make a difference. After all, the Jews constitute only 2-1/2 per cent of the population. The people who understand what the Jews are up to make up at least that large a portion of the population. So why do they remain silent7
I have spoken with many of these people, and I have asked them that very question. Some of them have answered me in a very reasonable way. They have told me that while they understand that many Jews are engaged in destructive activities, especially in connection with their control of the news and entertainment media and their influence on governmental policy and the political process, they don't know everything that's going on. I hey don't want to speak out in ignorance. I hey don't want to make fools of themselves and perhaps do
an injustice to some Jews by making blanket statements when they don't yet have all of the facts.
Well, let’s say we have a mutinous faction in a ship's crew which is drilling holes in the bottom of the boat, the ship has taken on a lot of water and already is listing at 45 degrees, but the ship's officers refuse to take any action because they don't yet have all of the facts. What would you say about those ship's officers? Are they just trying to be careful and fair? Or do they have some character flaw: perhaps a deficiency in courage or a defective sense of responsibility?
I understand as well as anyone that there is a cost involved in doing what is right instead of just going with the flow. 1 understand that the Jews always try to punish those who speak out against them. 1 understand there is some risk involved in being Politically Incorrect when one is living in a degenerate society under a cor-
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • Box 3 30 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/ytar
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
5
tricky game. They know that there are more of us than of them. They know that they can only continue to suck the blood of our people if they can do it without provoking us sufficiently that we wake up and take action against them. And now they see more and more of us waking up. That must be a very unnerving experience for them.
You who are reading this are at least partially awake. You are a cut above Joe and Jill Sixpack. So I say to
you: think about what you are doing with your life. Think about the responsibility you have to your chib dren and grandchildren and great grandchildren. Think about the responsibility you have to all of those who came before you and whose sacrifices made your life possible. And think about your responsibility to yourself, your responsibility to be the best person, the most righteous person, that you can be. Think about all
of these things, and then let me hear from you.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Time to Do What’s Right,” aired on March 22, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95, postpaid.
Focusing Our Anger
To Be Effective, Our Anger Must Be Properly Directed
Hillary Clinton went to South Africa a few days ago to show the Clinton government's support for Black rule in that country. She met with the new Black ruler of South Africa, Nelson Mandela, and she toured the prison where Mandela was an inmate for 27 years. And she said all of the Politically Correct things during her tour:	about	White injustice coward
Blacks and the victims of apartheid and so on. The average American viewer watching her performance on television and listening to her comments was given the very definite impression that the jailing of Mandela was one of the “injustices” Mrs. Clinton was talking about, that Mandela was a “victim of apartheid,” who had been locked up by the wicked South African racists merely because he was a Black man.
The fact of the matter is that Mandela was locked up for being a terrorist and nothing else. In 1963 the police in South Africa broke up a terrorist gang which had been meeting at Rivo-nia, near Johannesburg. The group consisted of both Blacks, of whom Mandela was one, and Jews — plus one Indian. The Rivonia gang had detailed plans for a campaign of terror and murder. They already had carried out a number of terrorist killings before they were arrested. Terrorists acting under their direction had murdered a number of White South Africans, including women and children. Some of the Jews involved managed to escape from the country and contin-
ued their terrorist activities from abroad. One of these Jews who escaped was Joe Slovo, the Communist Party leader of South Africa. Mandela was not able to escape, however, because he already had been picked up by the police in connection with his illegal Communist Party activities before the raid on the terrorist headquarters at Rivonia. He was put on trial for his role in the terrorist conspiracy, convicted, and sentenced to life in prison. Now, of course, he is a hero of the leftists, including the Clintons and the American news media.
At home the Clintons are very much down on terrorists and always are calling for new laws to fight them and for more severe punishments when they are caught. It wasn't always that way. Back during the 1960s and 1970s Bill Clinton ran around with terrorists who burned ROTC buildings on university campuses and bombed Selective Service offices.
The lesson in all of this is that when the Clintons condemn terrorism, what they mean is that terrorism by White people on behalf of White people is bad and must be stamped out, but terrorism by Jews or Blacks against Whites is commendable.
It is unfortunate that the great mass of White Americans are not able to see this hypocrisy on the part of the Clintonistas. The reason they can't see it is that the controlled news media keep it covered up. How many people have ever even heard of Rivonia?
Everyone has heard plenty about Nelson Mandela and the fact that he was sent to prison by the White South African government, but the implication always is that his only offense was that he was a Black leader, and that his imprisonment was an instance of White injustice against Blacks. You never hear that he was convicted of terrorism, of being an active terrorist in a gang which had murdered White South Africans and had the intent to murder many more of them and overthrow their government The bosses of the news media know that, and the Clintons know that, but they deliberately conceal that information from you. If you're really interested in the details, go to any large library and look for information about what was happening in South Africa in 1963, 1964, and 1965 in connection with the Rivo nia terrorist gang. That's where Nelson Mandela got his start, but you'd never learn that from listening to Hillary Clinton or watching the television news today.
And there are many other things you'd never learn from Hillary or the television news. Mrs. Clinton has been holding a number of press conferences during her South African tour, and she never fails to say how pleased she is by all of the “progress" which has been made since the advent of Black rule there. She smiles and tells the television audience how wonderful everything is in South Africa now that the Whites no longer are running the country. And that is a
© 1997 » National Vanguard Books • Box 330 * Hillsboro i WV 24946 * $40/3K?t»r
4
Pocc enrrv
'.i i r
f;RHH SPEECH for May 1997
Nelson Mandela
hi today’s South Africa, the promise of “jobs, peace, and freedom” — even for Blacks — has turned into a cruel joke — but one would never guess this from the reports given by the controlled media.
bare-faced lie, but you won't hear any television newsman contradicting her. The truth is that South Africa has become a much more dangerous and unpleasant place to live, for both Blacks and Whites, since the country was turned over to Black rule three years ago, and Mrs. Clinton and the media bosses know it The murder rate and the rate for crime of all types have skyrocketed. Johannesburg, which used to be a clean, decent, and safe city under White rule, now has the highest murder rate in the world. Gangs of armed Black criminals roam the streets of Johannesburg and prey on both Blacks and Whites with impunity. In the Black tribal areas of South Africa old superstitions have reasserted themselves, and thousands of Blacks have been burned, hacked, or stoned to death on suspicion of being witches during the past three years. If your neighbor's cow dies, he may accuse you of having caused the death by witchcraft, and then you may have your hands wired be! iind your back and a gasoline-soaked tiie put around your neck and set afire, the same punishment Blacks used to administer to other Blacks suspected of collaborating with Whites. Under White rule, killing Blacks suspected of witchcraft was not tolerated, but now there's no one to stop the practice. White South Afri-
cans who live on farms or who drive in rural areas must worry constandy about Black gangs. One of the practices of these gangs is to descend suddenly upon a White farm or to force an automobile with White occupants off the road and then gang-rape any White females they find.
The infrastructure of South Africa is beginning to come apart from neglect and corruption, and Whites who can afford it and have the option are fleeing the country. Even Blacks often will whisper to visitors that they wish Whites were still running the country, because their lives were much better under White rule. South Africa, in other words, is coming unraveled under Black rule, is ceasing to function as a civilized country — much like our nation's capital, Washington, DC, also is coming unraveled under Black rule. But don't expect to learn this from any television news program.
1 talk with many people about things like this deliberate sanctification by the controlled news media of a Black terrorist thug and their lying about conditions in South Africa, and sometimes I become emotional when I talk about sue h th ings. It angers me, it makes me furious, that our news media, on which we depend for our knowledge about what's going on in the world, are under the control of
a bunch of Jews who deliberately deceive us in order to advance their own interests.
What irritates me at least as much as this deception, however, is the moral paralysis of many of the people to whom I speak. They agree with me that it is bad that the news media deliberately deceive us, but they don't become angry about it, they don't become outraged. They just take it for granted that the media are deceptive, but they don't feel any obligation to try to do something about that. It's as if they consider themselves merely spectators watching the world go by like some sort of drama on a television screen.
I'll give you another example, and that is what is happening to young White women in our armed forces, it is good, of course, that the Army brass finally have made a move against the Black drill instructors and Black officers who have been raping them. Finally. What has not changed, however, is the system which deliberately subjects White women to the authority of Black males and pretends that everything will be all right, a system which pretends that there is no difference between Blacks and Whites or between women and men. That filthy and destructive system is still in place. And it is only a fluke that the rapes and other abuse of our women under that system have been exposed. It's not that no one knew what was happening all along. All of the White enlisted men and the White officers knew what was happening, but they didn't do anything about it because they were afraid of being accused of racism. So now, finally, the dirty little secret about our Army is out because a few women raised hell about it, but the system is still in place. How the filthy creatures who designed that system and support that system must be smirking and gloating now.
More than 20 years ago, in 1975, when I began writing The Turner Diaries, I foresaw this sort of thing, and I predicted it in my book. I saw that, on the one hand, the feminists wen? generating hostility between men and women and were undermining the special, protected status that women
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks * llox 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 - $40/\ear
I
7
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
What’s Wrong With This Picture?
In the Army rape scandals most of the accused are Black males, while most of their victims are White females. Nevertheless, Newsweek chose to illustrate the story with a White drill instuctor and a Black female recruit.
always had had in our society, and on the other hand the race fanatics who demanded the forced social integration of the races were poisoning the minds of our young people with their propaganda and persuading them that it was evil to refuse to give Blacks whatever they wanted because their ancestors had been the slaves of our ancestors and so we owed them something. I saw this, and I predicted that it would lead to both large-scale miscegenation and to a much greater incidence of violence against our women and rape of our women. In fact there is an episode in The Turner Diaries where Black U.S. Army soldiers are gang-raping White girls, and White officers who are aware of what is happening refuse to interfere out of fear of being charged with racism.
And now, just a litde over 20 years later, it has come to pass. But I did not make that prediction coldbloodedly. I looked at the trends I could see in 1975, and I thought about where they would take our society in the next 20 years, but I wasn't cool and detached about it I was mad as hell, and I'm still mad as hell. Even back in 1975 I wanted to take all of the feminist agitators and propagandists and all of the race-mixing fanatics and all of the media bosses and all of the bureaucrats and politicians who were collaborating with them, and I wanted to put them up against a wall, in batches of a thousand or so at a time, and machine-gun them. And I still want to do that. I am convinced that one day we will h ave to do that before we can get our civilization back on track, and I look forward to the day.
Of course, I didn't machine-gun any of these destroyers of our civilization, any of these poisoners of the souls of our people, but I didn't just sit on my hands either. I pledged that I would do everything that I could legally do to build the means for one day stamping out the filth that is poisoning our people. And that's what I have been doing, reaching out to our people through every feasible medium — through books and through the Internet and through these American Dissident Voices broadcasts — informing our people, awakening them, explaining things to them, and trying to inspire them.
And I know that I've been reaching many people, because I hear from them all the time. They tell me that I have helped them to understand what is happening, that I have helped them to make sense out of things, that I have given them a new sense of direction. I am glad for all of that. But what still is disconcerting to me is the relatively small number of these people who display any passion, any anger. For many of them it is as if they have been watching a confusing television drama, and I have helped them to understand the drama a little better, but it still isn't real to them; it still isn't their responsibility to do something about it. They still are just spectators. Not all of them. The number of people who are angry is growing. But too many are still just dispassionate spectators.
Maybe I shouldn't be irritated about this. Maybe this is just human nature. Maybe most people are inherently incapable of being anything but spectators — although I'm inclined to believe that the television age has encouraged and exacerbated this passivity in some people who might otherwise be active and responsible citizens. Anyway, 1 should be thankful that at least understanding is growing among the spectators as well as
among the more active people. Even passive support based on understanding is better than nothing.
But our real hope for the future lies with the people who still are capable of feeling moral outrage, still are capable of becoming angry:	angry
that our news media are being used to deceive us, angry that our entertainment media are being used to poison the minds of our people, angry that our government used our resources to pressure the people of South Africa into turning their country over to Black savages, angry that our Army has become what it is today. We need many more such angry people.
Our anger, of course, must be focused and directed. When someone sees his world being destroyed; when someone sees the future of his children being stolen from them; when someone sees everything around him that is fine and noble and beautiful being trampled into the mud; when someone sees his heritage, which has been created through the work and sacrifice of countless generations of his forebears, falling into the uncaring hands of savages — it is easy for him to be angry at many things, at many people. It is easy to be angry at liberals, who manage to be on the wrong side of every issue
(0 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks • Hox J30 1 Hillsboro g WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
and whose mindless egalitarianism lies at the root of most of the destine-five policies which are wrecking our civilization. It is easy to he angry at lawyers — along with big businessmen and corporation executives — a privileged class whose members seem to be far more interested in fattening themselves on the various processes of decay in our society, even hastening those processes whenever it seems personally advantageous to them, than in using their positions of influence to oppose the destruction. It is easy to be angry at homosexuals and feminists, those sick creatures whose organized drive to remake the world to suit their own perverse needs has so poisoned our society in recent decades. And it is certainly easy to be angry’ at Blacks and other non-Whites, whose pestilential presence has done so much damage to our world.
And all of that anger would be justified. Certainly we must deal with each of these groups decisively before we can restore our world Co health, but to focus on any of them now can only mislead us. There are just two proper targets for our attention and our anger now:	they are, first and
foremost, the controlled news and entertainment media, which have promoted and orchestrated every destructive and degenerative movement,
policy, and tendency which afflicts our society; and second, the government. which for all practical purposes is toaay a creature of the media.
Without the backing of the mass media, liberalism would still be only a nutcase fringe tendency among a minority of academics and clerics. The whole campaign of racial integration and special rights for Blacks, which has pushed Blacks into every facet of White society since the Second World War, has been directed by the mass media: even the Black violence which has flared up so often in our cities is a direct and deliberate media product, a product designed to intimidate White opposition. None of the rioting, burning, and looting in Los Angeles a couple of years ago following the Rodney King incident, for example, would have occurred if the mass media had not incited it with their endless repetition on television of the arrest scene. Without the media incitement it would have been just one more arrest of a drug-crazed Black criminal by fed-up White policemen.
And just as the controlled news media today portray a Black terrorist and murderer of White women and children in South Africa as a saintly hero, just as they deliberately create the utterly false impression in White Americans that South Africa has become more peaceful and prosper-
ous since the end of White rule, so it was the same sort of media lying and misrepresentation about South Africa in the past which led the U.S. government to boycott South Africa and apply other pressure leading to Black rule. The media, with their lies and propaganda, manipulate public opinion, and the politicians in the government just follow along.
So it is with virtually every other governmental policy. The media push public opinion in the direction the media bosses want it to go, and the politicians, willing to do anything to be elected, go along.
Let us keep in mind who die principal enemies of our people are, and let us keep our anger focused on these enemies. But let us also remember that our anger must not be dissipated in foolish and unproductive violence. Not now. Not yet Now is the time for hard work, for intelligent work, not for violence.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Focusing Our Anger,” aired on March 29, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95, postpaid.
What Terrifies America’s Enemies
More and More People are Thinking Politically Incorrect Thoughts
I talked with you recendy about the mentality of journalists, but I want to say a few more things on that subject today. I've been getting many calls from journalists recendy because of the Oklahoma City bombing trial and the fact that the defendant is alleged to have read one of my books, The Turner Diaries. The journalists always ask me whether 1 think the bombing was inspired by my hook, and I always reply that I have no way of knowing what was going on in the mind of the bomber, but that I am reasonably sure of one thing: if Janet Reno and Bill Clinton had not burned all of those women and children to death in Waco in 1993, diere would have been no bombing of the Federal Building in Oklahoma City exaedy two years later.
Even if the perpetrators of the Waco massacre had Been put on trial for murder and punished with appropriate severity, there would have been no bombing.
Ana I always find that the journalists have a hard time understanding that. To them the Waco massacre is not at all troubling, and it is hardly a reason to be angry at the government. They see all of those people who were killed in the Branch David-ian church at Waco as a bunch of weirdoes, a bunch of crazy religious fanatics, who really deserve no sympathy. I mean they weren't at all trendy and jaded and New Yorkish like the journalists themselves or like the sort of people the journalists meet at cocktail parties in New York or Washington; so they don't count. Besides,
they were against the government and they liked guns, so they deserved what they got. The journalists don't come right out and say that, but it's pretty clear that's what they're thinking. They show it in a hundred ways. Typical is a front-page story about anti-government groups in the March 25, 1997, issue of Trie Village Voice which refers to the government's massacre of the Branch Davidians only as “the government's siege at Waco." Bill Clinton and Janet Reno didn't massacre all of those women and children at Waco:	they didn't murder
them; they didn't even kill them; they just besieged them.
The journalists always minimize Waco; they always use euphemisms and avoid words like “murder" and “massacre.” And it's clear that they
I
<0 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks • Hox 3)0 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
9
regard the Oklahoma City bombing as a far more heinous crime:	not
because there were more casualties at Oklahoma City than at Waco, but because the Oklahoma City bombing was a blow at their government, a blow’ at their beloved Clinton administration. In a sense the bombing at Oklahoma City was directed against the journalists too, whereas the Waco massacre wasn't. Which is to say, that any threat to the government these days is taken personally by most journalists.
I tell them that regardless of the beliefs or occupations of the people killed at Waco and the people killed in Oklahoma City, I regard me Waco massacre as a far more serious and worrisome crime than the Oklahoma City bombing, simply because the Federal government committed the Waco massacre, while presumably it was an individual terrorist, or at least a very small group of terrorists having no connection to the government, who bombed the Federal building in Oklahoma City. I tell them that having a small number of terrorists running around bombing buildings is one thing, but having the Federal government committing massacres is quite another thing. A criminal government is much more a threat to its citizens than are a few individual criminals not connected to the government We know how to deal with individual terrorists, but how do you deal with a terrorist government?
But the journalists don't see it that way. They subconsciously identify with the government, especially with the Clinton government. The government's enemies are their enemies.
I remember the time I was writing The Turner Diaries, in 1975. That was a time when the journalists had much less sympathy for the government than now. That was a time when all of those big anti-American demonstrations were going on in Washington. The journalists all were on the side of the demonstrators. They were all on the side of the mobs marching in the streets carrying Viet Cong flags and shouting, “Ho-ho-ho Chi Minn, the Viet Cong's gonna win.”
In 1975 I saw trends in American society, and I tried to understand where those trends would take us in the next 20 years. 1 saw what, on the one hand, the journalists' support of the anti-American demonstrators and,
© 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
The Turner Diaries First published in 1975, this is the book that the media are constantly screaming about. It predicted many of the trends we are seeing today. Of course, this isn’t how the media present the book. Order your own copy and find out the truth.
Enclosed is $15.95 for 1 copy of
The Turner Diaries
(postage included)
Please mail to the address on the bottom of this page.
Name:
Address:
on the other hand, the government's vacillating and ambivalent attitude toward the Vietnam war were doing to American society. I saw everyone losing respect for the government, becoming angry at the government. I saw the kids on the university campuses being led into anti-Americanism by the Jewish-leftist groups. I saw the returning Vietnam vets being
1
treated like dirt by the media and by the government. And I saw how disillusioned all of the traditionalists and atriots who witnessed all of this were becoming. And I predicted that this general and widespread loss of respect for the government would lead to dangerous social instability and pave the way for civil disorder and civil war. But because it was Politically Correct at that time to be against the government, the journalists just sneered at me and called me a “bigot.”
I looked at what the feminists were doing, with all of their claims that men and women are basically the same and should be treated exactly alike. 1 saw the breakdown in the traditional relationship between men and women that feminism was causing, already in 1975. I saw the growing hostility between men and women, and I predicted that this would lead to an increased incidence of violence against women, an increased incidence of rape. I predicted this in The Turner Diaries. The journalists could see the same things I saw in 1975, but the Politically Correct attitude was to regard feminism as a good thing, which could only lead to good consequences. So the journalists sneered at what I predicted and called it “hate.”
And I saw the effects that the government's forced mixing of the races in the schools and in residential areas and in the workplace was having. I saw people becoming alienated. I saw the breakdown of traditional community feeling. I saw young people growing up without any sense of rootedness, any sense of identity, any sense of belonging. And I predicted
that this alienation would lead to social instability and to a thousand other social ills. And the journalists also could see this growing alienation back in the 1970s, but to all of them forced racial mixing was a wonderful thing. It was Politically Correct. It was one thing on which they agreed with the government. So they called me a “racist” and condemned my predictions.
And now, 22 years later, what the journalists find truly horrifying about The Turner Diaries is not just mat the book predicts many unpleasant developments, and those developments are beginning to happen, they're beginning to become apparent to everyone, they no longer can be denied and ignored — what's really horrifying to the journalists is that I based my pre-
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
dictions of those developments on the trends of the 1960s and 1970s;	1
based them on things the journalists hold sacred. 1 predicted that the breakdown of respect for the government that they themselves were causing back in the 1960s and 1970s would lead to terrorism, whereas they would have us believe that terrorism is simply what happens when some people are permitted to have Politically Incorrect opinions. I predicted that feminism would lead to increased rape and other violence against women, whereas they would have us believe that feminism has nothing to do with it, that it's all the result of what they call “sexism.” I predicted that forced racial mixing would lead to more hatred between the races, more violence between the races, and to growing alienation and social instability, whereas they would simply blame it all on “White racism.”
The journalists are horrified because I spelled out all of these predictions in black and white more than 20 years ago, and now they're coming to pass, and as they come to pass they verify the assignment of causes I made back in 1975. They verify the assignment of blame I made more than 20 years ago, and that blame is against everything which is Politically Correct, everything which is Holy Writ to the journalists. I told the world where feminism and government enforced multiracialism and the government's no-win policy during the Vietnam war and me media's encouragement of anti-American demonstrations would lead. I condemned all of these things and predicted that they would have disastrous consequences for America, while the journalists praised and supported these same things and predicted that only good could come from them.
And now I am being proved right, and they are being proved wrong, and the proof is there for all the world to see, as The Turner Diaries becomes more and more widely read. That horrifies the journalists and fills them with hatred and anger.
Their reaction is not to examine their beliefs and admit that they were wrong. It is not to question their support for feminism and multiracialism and think about changing their ideas. No, their reaction instead is to condemn my book and look for ways to keep people from reading it. It is to blame the predictions I made 22 years ago for causing the developments I predicted. It is to blame the book
© 1997 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
George Soros He is terrified by the increase in nationalist sentiments around the world.
rather than the destructive social policies I warned against in the book. And it is to try to make people frightened of the book, so they won't read it.
Last year, when a new printing of The Turner Diaries began appearing on the shelves of major bookstores, a left-wing mailing list huckster named Morris Dees, the head of the so-called “Southern Poverty Law Center,” who is a darling of the journalists and always is described by them as a “human-rights advocate,” launched a letter-writing campaign to pressure bookstores into refusing to carry my book. Other Jewish organizations also tried to keep the book out of the mainstream. They don't want the book read, because it explains what is happening now and why it is happening. They are terrified of having people understand what's going on. They realize that if enough people understand why our society is coming apart, why our young women in the Army are being raped by Black drill instructors and officers, why the Federal building in Oklahoma City was bombed, why terrorism is on the rise everywhere, why drug usage is way up among our young people, why the suicide rate and the divorce rate are so high, why there is so much more corruption in the government — if people understand these things, there will be a terrible and bloody reaction against the journalists and the Jews and everyone else responsible for the policies which have been destroying our society. They are terrified that the people
they have deceived and betrayed for so long will take a bloody vengeance on them.
This fear of the people finding out what's going on and then doing something about it is not just an American phenomenon. Jews, leftists, journalists, and politicians in Europe are terrified as well. I have an article from Forbes magazine in front of me, the April 7 issue. It is an article about the Jewish multibillionaire George Soros and his activities around the world. You may have heard of Soros before. He's a darling of the controlled media and is always being praised as a “philanthropist” and a “human-rights activist.” He made his billions speculating in currency and commodities, but he spends his money propping up crypto-Communist regimes in Europe and sponsoring leftist causes. He buys newspapers and uses them to push leftist ideas and boost leftist candidates. He literally buys elections in places like Hungary and other eastern European countries. And the candidates he supports in those countries are the same Communist gangsters who plundered and ruined those countries and tyrannized them before the breakup of the Soviet Union. Now the Communists have changed hats and changed the names of their parties — now they call themselves socialists” or more often “democrats” — but they're still the same gangsters, and they all should be put up against a wall and shot. And they're the people George Soros is spending hundreds of millions of dollars every year to keep in power.
And why is Soros doing that7 Forbes tells us why. They quote a Jewish banker who is one of Soros' friends. He says, “Soros is terrified of right-wing nationalism.” And Soros himself says essentially the same thing. He is willing to go to any expense to keep patriotic feeling from reasserting itself in eastern Europe. He knows that if patriots ever regain control of their destiny, not only will all of his kinsmen who fattened themselves on the blood of the people of these countries under Communist rule be out in the cold, but they may be called to account for their crimes. That thought terrifies Soros, just as it terrifies journalists over here.
Ana a similar process is at work in central and western Europe as well. The same fear is present among the ruling establishments that were installed by the victorious democratic-
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
Communist Allies at the end of the Second World War. In most of these countries it has become illegal to question the mythology of anti-fascism which these regimes have used to justify their existence and to shield themselves from criticism. In particular, it has become absolutely taboo to question the Jews' claim to a unique and privileged status in Europe because of their “persecution” in the past.
In late March a magazine editor in Strasbourg, France, was fined more than $5000 and given a six-month suspended jail sentence merely for publishing an article in his magazine which mentioned that there were no gas chambers for killing Jews at a concentration camp in Struthof, near Strasbourg. Now, there was a concentration camp, a prison camp, at Struthof during the war. And it is a feet, generally recognized by persons knowledgeable about the matter, that there were no gas chambers at Struthof for killing Jews. But in France it is illegal to mention this fact, because to mention it may raise doubts about other “Holocaust” claims. To mention this fact may weaken the fabric of the whole “Holocaust” mythology, a mythology upon which the present establishment in France depends for its moral justification. In Europe the “Holocaust” mythology has become a government-backed religion, and one may not question any part of it, any “Holocaust” claim, no matter how extravagant or absurd. To say, for example, “Well, everybody knows that Jews
were persecuted during the war, but let's face it, we all know that there were no Jews gassed at Struthof,” is like someone in the 15th century announcing in public, “Well, I go along with most of the Bible, but I just can't swallow those parts about walking on water and the virgin birth.” The reaction from the authorities would be pretty much the same in the two cases.
And what happened to that magazine editor in Strasbourg — whose name, by the way, is Gabriel Andres — has happened to many people recendy in Germany and other European countries. The liberal-democrat regimes are feeling more and more insecure, more and more threatened by the specter of a resurgent patriotism which will hold them accountable for their treason. And they are responding with a more desperate effort to protect the official mythology, to prohibit dissent, to keep the people from understanding what is going on and has been going on for more than 50 years.
Will they be successful? Will the media bosses and the Southern Poverty Law Center and the other powerful Jewish organizations be able to keep dissent suppressed in America by screaming, “Hate, hate, hate!” and waving The Turner Diaries around every time someone questions their policies? Will George Soros be able to keep his crypto-Communist pals in office in Hungary and the other plundered nations of eastern Europe and stifle all patriotic feeling? Will the frighteneef, crooked, little men who
run France and Germany and Britain and the other European countries be able to keep the people of their countries intimidated with threats of imprisonment if they auestion the official religion of the “Holocaust” or ask other embarrassing questions?
Well, if it depended on the average voter in America or in Europe, they would be successful. The average voter doesn't care what's true and what isn't He doesn't care about freedom. He's not interested in Questioning the official religion. As long as he's well fed, he just doesn't care about anything except the sports page and the comic strips.
So why is George Soros terrified? Why are the bought politicians in France and Germany and Britain feeling so insecure? Why are the journalists and media bosses in America so shrill and so hateful?
It is because of you, my friends. It is because of the growing minority of Americans and Frenchmen and Germans and Hungarians who do care. They are afraid of you. They know that you are fed up. They know that your numbers are growing. They are afraid of what you will do.
Don't disappoint them.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “What Terrifies America’s Enemies,” aired on April 5, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95, postpaid.
FS/ADV News
There have been a few changes in the broadcast schedule of American Dissident Voices.
Station KMTL in Little Rock, Arkansas, is now carrying ADV at 10:30 a.m. on Saturdays. It was formerly broadcast at 10:00 a.m.
Station WBDN in Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida, has changed to Spanish-language programing and cancelled American Dissident Voices. Station WTIS, which serves the same area, also has recently cancelled ADV. This cancellation was due to local pressure by the forces of Political Correctness. We are currendy looking for new stations and hope to add some soon.
The Editor of Free Speech would like to thank all of those who have made donations to the computer fund. We now have both a new printer and a new scanner. These should make it make it easier to produce Free Speech in the future. However, becoming familiar with this new equipment caused a delay in completing die April issue of Free Speech.
1 Subscribe to Free Speech!
If you received this copy of Free Speech as a sample, you may never see another issue unless you subscribe.
Enclosed is $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech.
Name:	_________________
Address:	Jli	_________________
I Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air. I I	Mail your check or money order tot	|
I	National Vanguard Books	I
I	P.O.	Box	330	•
I	Hillsboro,	WV	24946	I
— — mm mBmmmm.mmmmim.mwmm.mimS
© 1997 • National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
Toward a Healthy Society
We Must Rediscover Our European Roots
The recent mass suicide of 39 members of a flaky, New Age religious cult in southern California has generated a great deal of media speculation and discussion of the cult phenomenon. There seems to be a general agreement that as we approach the end of this millennium cult membership and cult activity are on the rise. Perhaps so. One thing on which we have better statistics than cult membership is the suicide race, and that very definitely is up, especially among young people. So is the race of drug abuse. So is the divorce rate. So is the incidence of mental illness. So is the percentage of citizens in prison for crime.
Undoubtedly, some of the religious cults are growing now simply because the end of the millennium has a special significance for the less sophisticated elements of our society. But that has nothing to do with all of the other indicators of growing social pathology. The fact is mat suicide races and other indicators are up because more people are pessimistic about the future, unsure of the future, afraid of the future. There is a growing sense of instability and uncertainty and anxiety in our society. It drives some people to drugs or alco-hoL* some people to religious cults, and some people to suicide. It causes more marriages to break up, more people to have mental breakdowns. And none of this has anything to do with the calendar or with the Hale-Bopp comet. It has everything to do with the social and racial experiments which have been imposed on our society by liberal extremists and Jewish schemers during the past 50 years.
The deliberate destruction of America's schools and cities by people hell bent on equalizing the races is part of it The flood of Third World immigrants pouring into this country is part of it The pervasive influence of television in our lives is part of it. The deliberate effort to globalize America's economy, accompanied by downsizing and the conversion to a service economy, is part of it The destructive effects of governmentr sponsored feminism on the tradb rional relationship between men and
women are part of it. All of these things, these social and racial experiments, have caused widespread social alienation, and from this alienation a thousand social pathologies have sprung.
Now, when the media become interested in one of the consequences of these destructive social experiments, such as the activities of religious cults, they talk about what the cults are doing and how they recruit members and the problems parents have in trying to get their children out of the clutches of cults and so on — but they never talk about why so many people feel lost in American society today and so turn to a cult in order to be able to cope with life. They never talk about what has caused our society to fail so many people, to alienate so many people, to force so many people to desperate measures. They never talk about these things, because that would expose to public scrutiny the destructive social experiments which have caused the social pathologies I've mentioned:	the drug use, the sui-
cides, and so on. And, of course, the media bosses themselves have had a major role in these destructive experiments.
I've spoken before about the deliberately destructive role of the mass media in American society. I've also talked about the psychology of liberalism, about what makes liberals do the crazy and destructive things they do. Today, though, instead of talking about the enemies of our society, the enemies of our people, let's just talk about our people and the sort of society we need.
You know, a society is a very complex thing:	it is like a living
organism. It responds to selective environmental forces, and it evolves. In past ages it was the struggle of our people to survive, the competition of our people against other peoples, other races, which determined the nature of our society. Societies which functioned well survived. Societies which didn't function well perished. Historically, if some crazy liberal came along and was able to change all of the rules and structures in a society to
suit some egalitarian fantasy of his, the society would sink like a rock, and its people would perish. And that's what's happening to our society today, although it may not be apparent to us because of the time scale. After the experimenters finish their deadly work, it may take a society 200 years to disintegrate completely and sink out of sight. That's not long from a historical viewpoint, but it's long enough so that most of the people involved never realize what's happening to them.
The society we had in Europe up until the end of the 18th century — or one mav say, the various societies there, which really were very much alike when compared with any non-European society — this European society had evolved over a period of many, many generations of our people, and it had fine-tuned itself to our special nature; it had developed its institutions and its ways of doing things which suited us as a people and allowed us to form viable, efficient communities. And when we colonized North America and other parts of the world, we took the essential elements of our society with us.
And what were those essential elements?
The first essential element was order. Everyone had a place in our society, whether he was the village blacksmith or the king, and he knew what that place was. He knew how he fitted in, what his responsibilities were, to whom he owed loyalty and respect, and to whom he in turn was obliged to provide guidance. It was a hierarchical society. There was no pretense that everyone was just as capable or just as creative or just as brave or just as suited for leadership as anyone else. People had social rank and social status and social authority commensurate with their social responsibilities and with their contributions to society. The master craftsman had a higher social rank than a journeyman, who in turn had a higher rank than an apprentice. The landowner with a thousand acres who employed 100 workers on his land had a higher social rank than the man who owned only an acre and worked his land himself, but he also
@ 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks * tiox 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/ytar
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
13
ad more social responsibilities. He tad a responsibility for the welfare nd the discipline of his workers, for xample. And the master craftsman tad a responsibility to provide proper *uidance for his apprentices and to jphold the standards of his craft.
The fact that our society was orderly and people knew their place didn't mean that it was inflexible. The apprentice, through diligence and talent, could become a journeyman; and a journeyman might eventually become a master. And the man with only one acre might buy more land and hire workers, if he used the land he already had in a productive way and accumulated savings. But the shirker or the wastrel or the incompetent could never expect that the government would tax nis more successful neighbors in order to reward him for his failure and bring him up to their level.
The second essential feature that our society had was homogeneity. Everyone had the same roots, the same history, the same genes, the same sensibilities. Or at least, there was enough genetic similarity, there was a close enough family relationship among the people, so that people understood each other. A village, a province, a nation was like a large, extended family. People felt a sense of kinship, a sense of belonging, a sense of loyalty and responsibility that extended to the whole society. This feeling of belonging, this sense of a common history and a common destiny, this sense of identity, was the glue that held the society together and gave it its strength. And it gave men and women their individual strength too. Just knowing who they were, where they had been, and where they were going made an enormous difference in their sense of personal security, in their ability to plan ahead and be reasonably confident of what the future held for them.
This homogeneity and the consequent sense of family, of identity, was thousands of years in developing, just like the hierarchical order in our society. And we developed, we evolved, along with our society. The type of society we had became imprinted on our genes. Of course, it wasn't a perfect society. It was full of problems and imperfections. We always were developing new technologies, for example, and our society didn't always have time to adjust itself to these innovations before even more innovations came along. But it was a
Traditional Maypole Dance
A sense of identity and belonging, along with order and homogeneity, is essential for a healthy society.
1997 * National Vanguard Hooka • liox 3 30 • Hilt a boro • WV 24946 • $40/y<tar
society in which we were strong and confident and more or less spiritually healthy.
The opponents of social order and racial homogeneity will try to confuse the issue by pointing out that we have a longer life span today, that our infant mortality rate is much lower, that we don't have to work as hard to support ourselves, that we can buy all sorts of shiny gadgets that our ancestors couldn't, and so on. They want you to believe that these changes came about as benefits of the breakdown of order and the destruction of homogeneity. But they didn't. They are all the results of technological innovation. Our medical scientists
learned how to control the diseases which shortened our lives. Our scientists and engineers learned how we could work more efficiently. And they learned how to make new tools and new toys for us.
Now, to be sure, not ail of the degenerative changes in our society which have occurred in the past couple of centuries have been the consequence of the destructive efforts of the Jews and the liberals. The Industrial Revolution really was a huge shock to our traditional form of society. The Industrial Revolution took people off the farms and out of the villages and packed them into factory towns like sardines in a can. This was a great
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
In Prance the aristocrats and the land' owners were butchered in response to the resentments which the liberals had stirred up among the rabble. Later in Russia the same process took place, when the Jewish Bolsheviks finally gained the upper hand and butchered not just the aristocrats, bur everyone who had worked a little harder and been a little more success-ful than the rabble. The kulaks, the small farmers and landowners, were murdered en masse, by the millions, in order to “equalize” Russian society and destroy the last traces of the old, hierarchical order.
And into the social chaos of the 20th century the enemies of our people were able to introduce their idea of racial equality alongside their idea of social equality. We were told that the descendants of our slaves are just as good as we are — maybe better — ana so they should become our social equals. We should bring them into our schools and neighborhoods, and we should intermarry with them, and we should buy Food Stamps for them with our taxes, and we should give them preference in hiring and promotions. And we should open our borders to all of the non-White wretched refuse of the Third World's teeming shores. They also are our equals, we are told. The more diversity the better. Diversity is our strength. Blah, blah, blah.
We were too disoriented and confused by the destruction of our social order to resist this poisonous propaganda. And so here we are at the end of the 20th century. There are some people who will try to convince you that things never have been better. We certainly have more equality and less order, more diversity and less homogeneity than ever before. And that obviously suits some people, in addition to the liberals and the Jews who have been pushing for these changes.
Are these changes better for us?
The suicide statistics, the drug statistics, the crime statistics, the divorce statistics, and the mental illness statistics give us part of the answer. The statistics should help us keep our grip on reality when the Jewish media try to persuade us that we need more of the same poison they have been dishing out for so long: more equality, more chaos, more diversity.
And we should be able to look into our own souls for the rest of the
A Modern White
When a people loses its roots, careless, self-indulgent behavior skyrockets. Drug use, membership in whacky cults, crime, divorce, and other social ilia increase dramatically.
strain on the old order. The new relationship between factory owner and factory workers was not as healthy a one as had existed between landowner and workers on the land, nor was the new, urban life-style as spiritually healthy as the village lifestyle.
We were learning gradually to cope with some of the change* in our society which at-compa/ned me Indus-
trial Revolution, our social order gradually was beginning to adjust itself, when the liberals and the Jews launched their assault. Unrest and revolution were fomented from the latter part of the 18th century and throughout the 19th and 20th centuries! egalitarianism, (ommunlsm, democracy, equal rights* no responsibilities, welfare programs, feminism. The old order was drowned in blood.
J997 » National Vanguunl lluokt * Ho* iiO • /1 ills boro * WV	•	$40/yiear
FREE SPEECH for May 1997
15
answer. We should know that we need again to have an ordered, structured society, in which we all have a place and will he appreciated according to how effectively we fill that place. We should know that we need again to have a homogeneous society, in which we can feel a sense of belonging. We should know that we need a society in which we have a sense of permanence and stability, not chaos and uncertainty. We should know that we need a society in which everyone strives for quality, not for an imaginary equality. We should know that in order to be spiritually healthy again we need a society in which we can feel a sense of rootedness and responsibility, rather than the aimless, wandering, roodess, cosmopolitan egoism which characterizes American society today.
If we are honest with ourselves we know that we all crave a healthy society again, we need it. But too many of us have let ourselves be persuaded by the enemies of our people that the type of society we need is no longer attainable. Our enemies tell us, “We have destroyed the order in your society. We have made everyone equal, and you dare not try to take that equality away. That would be like trying Co take candy away from a child. We have opened the candy store and told all die children that they can have as much as they want, and it’s all free. They all will fight you if you try to change that, if you try to tell them that they must earn their candy." And our enemies grin in triumph when they see how that demoralizes and discourages so many of us.
And they tell us, “We have destroyed the homogeneity in your society. We have replaced your homogeneity with diversity. We have brought every non-White type on the face of the earth into your midst, we have brought them in by the millions, and we have forced you to mix with them. Now there's nothing you can do to restore your homogeneity.” And again they grin and say, “What will you do? Will you try to root out every non-White and every mongrel and send them all away or get rid of them? You don't have the stomach for that. So you'd better just learn to live widi all of these non-Whites and mongrels. Pretty soon you'll lie a minority in your own land. And they gloat.
® 1997 * National Vanguard Hooks • Box 3JO • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40
A Scene in the United States Today With virtually every non-White ethnic group in the world now existing in the United States, American Whites feel increasingly alienated. However, just as American society was changed from White to non-White, so it can be changed back from non-White to White again.
And it is true that many of us do not yet have the stomach to do what must be done. And so the suicide rate and the divorce rate and the abortion rate will keep rising. The government will continue building more prisons. The cults will continue thriving. And the Jews and the liberals will keep telling us how wonderful everything is, how things have never been better, how we should appreciate all of the equality and diversity.
But all the while the number of us who do have the stomach to do what must be done will be growing. Our numbers are growing because more and more of our people are coming to understand that the only alternative is death:	death	for	our
society, death for our children, death for our kind. What the Jews and liberals have done to our society is lethal. It cannot be sustained.
Order and homogeneity, a sense of identity and belonging, are not just luxuries for us. They are essential. Without them our society sickens and
dies. The liberals may not be able to understand that, and the Jews, with their media propaganda, try to keep the rest of us from understanding it, but we can see the proof of it ail around us. And we are determined to do whatever we must do to have once again a society for our own kind, a society to which we can really belong and feel a sense of responsibility to, a society in which we have a place and are appreciated if we fill that place well, a society based on order and quality and structure and commonality. We will have it. We will do what is necessary.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Toward a Healthy Society," aired on April 12, 1997. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95, postpaid.
She Needs the Truth
Where Will She Find It?
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
yinr^ke newspapers, where the same alien control prey&lJs^?
« Sr ;ft>
£pfe»her classrooniJWhich has been converted into a ni^40ommu§Hst br^njvashing pen?
the streets,S2iere she stands a greater than one ^n%|bur choice o^ieing raped, probably by a non-^WKlte? jar
5^7	Of?*®
are herajfo make sure that more and more people lycg'her will have access to the truth — over the air an<
[rough the printed word. We are the men and womeifbf the National Alliance. It’s about time.
National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Listen to American Dissident Voices on the Internet. Our World Wide Web Sites Are:
http://www.natvan.com
and
http://www.natall.com
Listen...
. . . every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3.00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance Box 90 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • U.S.A.
KSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/ Seymour, Texas, area): Every Saturday 8:30 a.m., 94.3 FM; and 10:00 a.m., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Arkansas):	every	Satur-
day 10:30 a.m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Huntsville/ Decatur/Hartselle, Alabama, areas!:	Every
Wednesday 9:00 a.m., 1490 and 890 AM.
WALE (Rl, CT, and MA): Every Saturday, 10:30 a.m., 990 AM.
WRNO:	This	shortwave
station serves North America and the world: every Saturday at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7395 kHz; every Saturday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time and some Sundays at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on 7355 kHz.
The Saturday programs may be preempted by sports events. The Sunday program is used as a makeup.