FREE SPEECH • OCTOBER 1996 • VOLUME II, NUMBER 10
Nelson Rosit, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per annum, including special offers and quantity discounts on tapes and printed materials from National Vanguard Books; Defenders of the First Amendment who donate $300 or more per year will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession, as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for broadcast or publication.
in
WmmmMmmmm
^m^addamMlIlein
FS/ADVNews
^ghtiog for Racial

Defending America from Saddam Hussein
Gross Hypocrisy Characterizes America’s Policy in the Middle East
by Dr. William Pierce
Mr. Clinton's recent decision to slam a few dozen more cruise missiles into Iraq, move more U.S. Navy units into the Persian Gulf, and step up U.S. meddling in Iraq's internal affairs should go down well with Jewish voters and help him in the November election. Even some non-Jewish voters proclaim themselves favor-ably impressed. They believe that Mr. Clinton's sabre-rattling against Iraq shows * tough ness* and even a degree of
“patriotism,” both of which he sorely lacked when he was afraid that he would be called on to serve his country during the Vietnam war.
Well, I’m not favorably impressed.
I’m sickened to listen to news commentators talking about how it's necessary to “defend America against Saddam Hussein.” Really! “Defend America against Saddam Hussein.” Well, we know who pays the media commentators to tell such whoppers.
SADDAM HUSSEIN
You may not like him, but is he really a threat to the United States?
©J996 National Vanguard Booh Bax 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
You know. I’m no fan of Saddam Hussein’s — or of anv of those greasy Middle Easterners. I don’t like Arabs, Persians, Egyptians, or Jews. I’d really enjoy seeing Saddam Hussein and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu each being given an icepick and then locked in a small room together to fight it out. But I don’t enjoy seeing my country and its resources and its people being used to kill the people of other countries just because that's what Mr. Netanyahu wants. And I don't enjoy hearing the government of my country ask, “How high?" every time the government of Israel says, “Jump!" I really hate it.
I’m not against military actions when they serve America’s needs. Back in the 1960s and 1970s, when Bill Clinton and his pals were demonstrating in the streets for the Viet Cong, I was demonstrating for the support of our troops. I’m not even against my country interfering in the affairs of other countries. I don’t pretend to believe in respecting the “ sovereign rights" of every little hopped-up Third World nonentity of a country which has been recognized by the United
Nations. I don’t like or respect the United Nations.
But I like even less the hypocrisy of those who claim to love the UN and claim to be opposed to gunboat diplomacy, international bullying, and the like — and at the same time support the sort of thing the Clinton government is doing to Iraq.
Suppose the government told us, "Hey, we have to rotate our stock of cfuim missiles — use up the older ones so we can add some newer models to the inventory and besides, our missile people need the practice of shooting at live targets. Iraqis arc expendable, so why not shoot at them for practice?" If the government told us that, 1 wouldn’t like it, but it still would be better than having diem tell us with a straight lace that
they re shooting missiles at Iraq to defend America from Saddam Hussein. Or that they’re doing it because Saddam Hussein doesn’t respect the human rights of the Kurdish minority in his country.
If people permit their government to lie to them, if people uJcratc hypocrisy from their gLMtmmcnt, if people don’t cure about the motives of their giwvnvmL’ntf then they certainly will lose their freedom
Yeah, sure. And when will we fire a few cruise missiles into Israel because of the way the Jews treat the Palestinians there? When will we send the U.S. Army in to 11111 the Jews out of libation and out of Syria and out of the other territo-
ries that even the United Nations recognizes they have no right to be in? When will we force the Jews to allow UN inspection teams in to check tor nuclear weapons?
So why do I object to this sort of hypocrisy? Don’t I know that hypocrisy and democracy are inseparable? Why don t I just go along with the crowd and cheer every time Mr. Clinton tires another salvo ot missiles into Iraq? Why don’t 1 just wave the flag and not question his motives?
The reason is this: It people permit their government to lie to them, it people tolerate hypocrisy from their government if people don’t care about the motives of their government, then they certainly will lose their freedom. In tact, people who tolerate the sort of behavior
M,LA,,.,*..,.A	H,« 110 Mithhiwet WU 9JQJA
PRIME MINISTER BENJAMIN NETANYAHU
Through international Jewish organizations Israel’s prime ministers exert tremendous intluence on American foreign and domestic policy.
Free Speech for October 1996
Free Speech for October 1996
3
we’re seeing now on the part of the Clinton government have no right to be tree — and probably not much desire to be free either. They're people who don't really care.
Free people — people worthy of freedom — demand honesty from their government. If the government is just rotating its cruise missile stock and getting in a little live target practice at the same time, let’s hear that from the government. And if the government is punishing the Iraqis for not liking Jews, let’s hear that too. But, please, no more of that baloney that we’re doing it to defend America from Saddam Hussein, or to make him treat his Kurdish minority belter.
The facts are these: Saddam Hussein poses no threat at all to the United States. He never has, and he never will. Everyone in the world with half a brain understands that. Saddam Hussein would not be a threat to the United States even if he had nuclear weapons and nerve gas factories. Saddam Hussein’s wildest ambitions and most vainglorious fantasies are all restricted to the Middle East.
Now, he is pretty rough on the Kurds when they get rebellious, which is most of the time. The Turks are pretty rough on their minorities too, including the Kurds, but we never hear the controlled media or the politicians in Washington whining about that, because they really don’t care what happens to the Kurds.
There’s no doubt that Saddam hates the United States, of course, but he has plenty of reason for that. We invaded his country, slaughtered his citizens, bombed his capital, and then we told him that he couldn’t move his army around inside his own country to deal with internal problems and he couldn’t fly his own aircraft over large areas of his own territory. We sent our CIA into his country to stir up rebellions against him and try to instigate his own citizens to assassinate him.
And we represent ourselves as peace keepers in the Middle East! What we really are is the Jews’ bully boys. The Jews see Saddam as a threat to Israel, sort of a loose cannon in their back yard. Saddam has given indications that he would like to be tlie great 1 iberator of the M iddle East, die hero who can put a final end to Jewish depredation* there, The Jews are
UN AMBASSADOR MADELEINE ALBRIGHT
Albright, an advocate of “human rights,” stated that the death of Iraqi children by starvation is a “small price to pay” to keep pressure on Saddam Hussein.
accustomed to taking preemptive moves in order to keep their neighbors in the Middle East subservient, but they are not accustomed to acting without having America as their shield, supplying the money, the weapons, and the diplomatic pressure — and if necessary taking the casualties. When the Jews bombed Iraq's nuclear reactor in 1981, they used American jets and American bombs — and they had the assurance that America would protect them if the Iraqis struck back.
When the United States blitzed Baghdad with cruise missiles and invaded Iraq in 1991 the excuse used was that we were “restoring democracy to Kuwait,” a sheikhdom which had never known democracy and which was in fact a former province of Iraq. The real reason for the Gulf War, however, was that the Israelis were concerned that Iraq, under Saddam, was becoming too strong and needed to be put down. Not willing to take on that job themselves, they had us do it for them.
Now they think that this is a good time for us to do it again.
It’s really amazing. They had us impose an economic embargo on Iraq after the Gulf War, which has had a devastating effect on Iraq’s economy and has caused enormous hardship and suffering among the Iraqi people, including a huge increase in the death rate for Iraqi infants and young children. I remember seeing a television interview with Madeleine Albright recently. She’s the Jewess who represents the United States at the
United Nations. The interview was on 60 Minutes, a very widely watched program. When queried about the effects of the embargo on Iraq’s children and given information about how many of them had died as a result, this horrid, arrogant Jewess replied that it was a “small price to pay” to keep pressure on Saddam Hussein.
Imagine this scenario instead: the Israelis refuse to withdraw from illegally occupied Arab territory, so the United Nations imposes an embargo on Israel. The Israelis then complain about how many Jewish babies are dying from the effects of the embargo, and a prominent member of the Clinton administration remarks during a widely viewed television interview that that’s a small price to pay to make Netanyahu behave. You can’t imagine that, can you? It’s just too far from the realm of possibility.
It’s funny. When I’m on interview programs and I talk about the vast power the Jews in America wield through their control of the news and entertainment media, I’m often contradicted by the interviewers with claims that the Jews don’t have any disproportionate power, that they’re just like everyone else — Baptists or Methodists, for example — no more power or control over the government than anyone else. We saw the same sort of reaction a couple of months ago when Marlon Brando was being interviewed on the Larry King show and he mentioned the Jewish control of Hollywood. The Jews and all of their collaborators were denouncing Brando as an anti-Semite and claiming that the Jews are no more powerful in Hollywood than any other ethnic group. That may be the Politically Correct thing to say, but it clearly is not factual — and every knowledgeable person knows it. People who understand how the world works — or at least how the power structure in the United States works — know that the Jews, through their control of the news and entertainment media, control the political process in this country to a very large degree. Every politician understands that, and that’s why they all jump, Republicans as well as Democrats, when the Jews whistle. That's why a horrible Jewess like Madeleine Albright can casually dismiss the deaths of thousands of Iraqi children caused by the embargo on trade with Iraq as “a small price to pay,” and no one will call her to account tor
€>1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
4
it. It’s why Mr. Clinton, as the election approaches, sends death and destruction bv wav of cruise missiles into Iraq and orders the Iraqis not to deal with internal problems in their own country, and Mr. Dole dares not criticize him for it.
Now, as I've already said, I don’t care much for any of the people in the Middle East, and so I won’t pretend to feel very sorry for the Iraqis. If vital American interests are served by killing Iraqis, then kill ’em. But I don’t like being used to kill the Jews’ enemies for them, and then being lied to about it. I don't like hearing that the reason we’re firing missiles into Iraq and starving Iraqi children to death is to “defend America from Saddam Hussein.” The people who spread that lie, whether they’re media bosses or Democratic or Republican politicians, are hurting America, degrading America, cheapening America.
And ordinary Americans who repeat that lie because they just don’t think or because they’re afraid of being considered anti-Semitic are hurting America too. Tolerating lying and tolerating hypocrisy isn’t good for a country. It’s not patriotic to support a politician who claims that he’s “defending America from Saddam Hussein” when it’s painfully obvious that America doesn’t need to be defended from Saddam Hussein. America needs to be defended from the people on whose behalf we’re starving Iraqi children and firing cruise missiles at Saddam. America needs to be defended from the people who control our news and entertainment media and use that control to manipulate public opinion and the electoral process to their advantage — and to the disadvantage of everyone else.
And America needs to be defended from the politicians who are all too happy to do the bidding of the media bosses. A politician who will allow his country’s armed forces to be used the way America’s armed forces are being used now is an enemy of t he American people. Mr. Clinton is an enemy of America today just as much as he was 25 years ago, when he was demonstrating in the streets on behalf of the Viet Cong and Ho Chi Minh. And Bob Dole is an enemy of America too, even though he never demonstrated for the Communists like Bill Clinton did, because Bob Dole will not stand up to the Jews. He just parrots the same lie Bill Clinton does,
Free Speech for October 1996
about how we’re “defending America from Saddam Hussein,” because he knows that’s what the Jews expect of him. And he’s never in his entire political career refused to do what the Jews expected of him, regardless of the consequences for America.
“Defending America from Saddam Hussein” is not the only thing Mr. Clinton and Mr. Dole are talking about these days. They’re both also talking about standing up for family values. And at the same time Mr. Clinton has broken new ground in upholding family values: he has put American women into combat roles in his campaign to win Jewish favor by killing Iraqis. He has had American women join in the killing. Killing the enemies of the Jews is no longer a job just for American men. Now American women get their share of the bloody work too.
We have all been treated recently to the television spectacle of the grinning, young, blonde Navy woman boasting that she has been firing cruise missiles into Iraq. She has been the one pushing the firing button and then tracking the missile until it slams into its target in Iraq, bringing death and destruction. The TV commentator was very proud of her. Bill Clinton was very proud of her too. Teaching young American women to be proud of being allowed to share in the killing: that’s Mr. Clinton’s idea of standing up for family values. And I haven’t heard a word of dissent from Mr. Dole.
Have you?
You know, if Americans will believe that we need to defend America from Saddam Hussein by starving Iraqi babies and firing cruise missiles into Iraq, then I suppose they’ll also believe that encouraging young women to become military school cadets and career military officers and to he proud of being allowed to have combat roles and to kill people is supporting family values.
You know, and I know that what Mr. Clinton is doing in having women fire missiles at Iraqis is going after the radical feminist vote. He doesn’t give a damn about family values. And I'm afraid that Mr. Dole doesn’t either - at least not enough to risk offending the feminists and the Jews by speaking out against putting American women into combat.
if • a crazy, upside-down world we’re all living in these days. It • what comes
from tolerating liars and hypocrite* jn high places. It’s what comes from a of civic courage and honesty. If* happens when people abdicate their re. sponsihilities as citizens and just go with the flow, chanting whatever slogans they hear on TV and never asking the que*. tions that need to be asked, question* like: “Why do we need to defend America from Saddam Hussein, when he can’t possibly hurt us?” “Why should we encourage young women to abandon their traditional responsibilities as nurturers and become warriors instead?” “Why do we let Jews and feminists set our government’s policies?”
Well, enough of that! Let’s look on the bright side. Not everyone is going with the flow. Not everyone is chanting the mindless slogans about defending America from Saddam Hussein. Not everyone is happy with Mr. Clinton s approach to family values. Some people do take their responsibilities as citizens seriously. And many of those people are with us now, in this radio audience.
And the important thing, the really important thing is that the number of these genuine patriots is growing. As the lies of the media and the politicians become more and more outrageous, more thoughtful and responsible people will begin asking the right questions. As the government’s policies become more and more destructive, not only destructive to family values but also destructive to everything else in our society, more real Americans will withdraw their support from the government and from the politicians.
The destruction will continue. The nuttiness will continue. The lies and hypocrisy will continue. The Jews and the politicians are too committed to their course to change now. But also the number of decent and sensible people who refuse to go along with them will grow.
And there will come a time when there are enough of us to put a halt to the destruction and an end to the destroyers.
Write to me, and I'll tell you about some of the things we can do now to help that time come sooner.
This article is based on the American Pun-den* Voice* program * Defending America from Saddam Hussein,” aired on September 14, 1996. A cassette recording of this bwadcast is available from National Van-guard Books for $ 12-95 E^tpaid.
©1996 National Vanguard Books Bon DO Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for October 1996
5
FS/ADV
NEWS
Internet Activity Increases
The popularity of the National Alii' ance’s Web sites has grown tremendously since the first site (www.natvan.com) was established in August 1995. The sites contain, among other items, transcripts of many America Dissident Voices radio programs and texts of Free Speech and National Vanguard articles. During the early months of its existence the site was accessed 20,000 to 40,000 times a month.
In March 1996 the Alliance added a second site (www.natall.com), along with audio files which permit users to listen to ADV broadcasts. These developments helped to boost the number of visits to 60,000 to 70,000 per month.
One reason for this high volume is that new material is added to the sites on a continuous basis. The current ADV broadcast is added each week as an audio file, and the text of each Free Speech is added as it is published. The text of almost every feature article that has appeared in Free Speech is now available on the Web.
A new feature of the sites is the National Vanguard Books catalog. The catalog section contains a search engine that allows a person to search for a book by using a key word in the book’s title or the author’s name. It will also print out your order and figure the total price, including shipping charges.
The great advantages of the Internet are its low cost and freedom from regulation compared with other mass media. It is also a medium with a future. More and more computer users now have access to the Web, and more and more libraries, both public and collegiate, are making the internet available to a wider audience. Since Web sites can be viewed privately, are free, and can contain a large
amount of information, they are an excellent medium for getting our message out. So help us to publicize our Web sites and visit them often yourself.
Radio Coverage Decreases
Radio station KXEL, Waterloo, Iowa, dropped out of the American Dissident Voices network last month. Several fee-tors were involved in the station’s decision, but it was mainly a case of new management at KXEL thinking that ADV*s program content was not suitable for their station. KXEL had wider coverage than any of our other AM stations, and its departure will be sorely missed.
New Editor
National Vanguard Books staff member Evelyn Hill assisted in editing this issue of Free Speech. She will assume the position of principal editor starting with the November issue.
Subscribe to Free Speech
You may have received this copy of Free Speech as a sample issue. If you are not already a subscriber, subscriptions are $40 for twelve issues. For $300 per annum you can become a Defender of the First Amendment and receive, in addition to this newsletter, a weekly cassette recording of the American Dissident
Voices radio program.
Your subscription will bring you insightful articles that keep you informed about facts and ideas the controlled
media never mention.
Another benefit of a subscription is quanity discounts on many of our publications, normally available only to
book dealers.
Finally, as a subscriber you have the satisfaction of knowing your subscription helps us purchase expensive air
time so we can continue our radio outreach to White people worldwide.
Be part of the solution. Subscribe today!
National Vanguard Books P O Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 3)0 Hillsboro WV 24946
FREE SPEECH for October 1996
Fighting for Racial
Separation
Only Separation Can Insure the Survival of Diverse Peoples
by Kevin Alfred Strom
1 have been very critical of multiracialism in the past. I have stated unequivocally that White people have suffered since our rulers decided that we must live and work among Blacks and other non-White races. We have suffered because our economic elites have subsidized non-Whites and have given them jobs in preference to our own working people.
I have stated unequivocally that racial separation is the only solution.
And it is.
But none of these statements or the beliefs behind them mean that I wish harm to come to those of other races. I do not believe that conflict is necessary between them. The philosophy of multiracialism, however, which forces the races together unnaturally and largely against their will guarantees conflict between the different nations forced to live under the same government.
It may well be that given their freedom and centuries to work out their destiny Blacks will strike a balance between their nature, Nature herself, and a societal structure that keeps their sizable criminal and non-productive elements in check. I only know that such a structure will not be our structure, and that we can never achieve our destiny in the stars while still tied to a people that has yet to solve the problem of civilizing itself on Earth.
Neither race can go in the direction it needs to go while the Jewish media have us joined at the leg.
In that spirit, let me direct you to an amazing and surprising letter I received from a Black activist in Indiana whom 1 will identify by his pen name *Haram-bee.* 1 have edited his words slightly for clarity, but the meaning and thoughts are
his own.
Harambee writes:
Dear American Dissident Voices: Greetings!
Since you are probably wondering who I am and why I, a Black man, am writing to you, I believe that introductions are first in order. My name is Harambee. I am a representative of that 13 per cent of my people, the Black nation, who have awakened to the truth that we must have our own nation or perish. I write to you in good will as a representative of your people who has also awakened to the same truth.
It is my desire in writing this letter not only to give a sense of support and encouragement, but also to hopefully open some eyes, clear some minds, and shed some light on w hat we are really all involved in.
Most people involved in the racial separatist movement don't really realize what forces they are up against and how powerful those forces are. By the same token, most people in the movement don't realize the ultimate goal of the fight, how powerful we can be, and how the movement fits into a grander scheme of reality. When the Creator created human beings, He did not create them all alike. The Creator divided the human family into five different nations: the Black Nation, the Brown Nation, the Red Nation, the Yellow Nation, and the White Nation. Each of these nations was different and distinct, both in appearance and their inner natures. Therefore the Creator set out different and distinct land areas where these nations developed and which they inhabited. In other words, what we had at the very outset of human habitation on this planet was racial separation. Each nation was living among its own — living and evolving at the rate and in the manner that the Creator intended. But today many have forgotten the Creator's way of racial separation, and an evil group is using ail its might and wealth to convince us that racial mixing is natural and good, contrary to our Inner wisdom and knowledge of Nature and its Crea tor. These evil ones control most ma|or world governments today, as well as the
popular mass media and worldwide financial institutions. They have rejected the spirit of the Creator and sold their souls for immediate power. This "bargain” has corrupted their inner natures. Tragically, more than half of the world's people blindly follow and accept what the evil ones teach through their television, movies, newspapers, and government puppets.
But there still is a significant number of people of all races who have not lost contact with their Creator. These people are in tune with their inner wisdom, with the laws of Nature, and the Order of the Universe. These people know the difference between light and darkness, and they will fight and resist the evil ones. It is my belief that these people, racial separatists of all races, are the real chosen people — chosen to fight this battle for Nature's Way on planet Earth. Racial separatists will rule the world when the evil ones are defeated, as they must be. The racial mixing ideas of the evil ones are a sick perversion of the eternal laws of Nature. They are leading us down a road that leads straight to Hell. We al\ know what kind of filthy rule we now live under. Racial integration is against the very laws of God and Nature.
The races were originally separated, and we couldn't have evolved our diverse natures any other way. Proof of this can be found in history and in the discoveries of archaeologists. Once you are awakened to the truth about race, you can read between the lines of the science news items in the media to see the implications that the commentators and columnists purposely fail to mention.
The fact that the races are naturally different has been backed up by the findings of scientists of all races and all ages. Racial integration has alw ays led to violent, destructive conflicts. Why? Because it is against Nature and against the natural laws of God, that's whyl So what must we awakened ones, we racial separatists, do now ? First of all, we must come to realize the great importance of this tight and movement in which we are involved We are Involved in a war, a war that pits the natural agglnst the unnatural, a war that pits order against disorder, a war that pits the light of truth against the darkness of falsehood.
©199b National Vanguard Book* Box 330 Hilhbmo WV 24946
Today, only a minority are on the right side.
Each race must concentrate on regaining the inner wisdom of its nature, and then must live in accordance w ith that nature. Each race must reclaim its history from the twisted lies of the evil ones, who say that race doesn't matter, and besides it doesn't exist.
Integration and the clash of cultures have crippled our knowledge of ourselves and of the true workings of life in the universe. Remember, the first two laws of Nature are self-preservation and self-improvement. The evil ones have twisted these around to mean greed and materialism. We must remain ever-vigiiant not to fail victim to their lies. We racial separatists are the last hope for saving our peoples from destruction due to the unnatural laws promulgated by the evil ones.
What is an unnatural law ?
It is any law that doesn't lead to the physical, mental, and spiritual evolution of a specific people. Wake up to the fact that peoples cannot “ evolve together" — they can only evolve separately, in differing directions according to their nature. That has dways been the Creator’s way. The lion doesn't live or evolve with the wolf. Each has gone — and will continue to go — its separate way. Yoking them together would mean death for both. Examples of the unnatural ways of the evil ones include integration, interracial sex and marriage, homosexuality, recreational drug use, and abortion.
Our fight is for the continued evolution of mankind upon this Earth. Racial separatists of all races are the future rulers of this planet, God's elite. This elite exists among every race. We must do everything in our capacity to cooperate in our fight against the true enemies of mankind, the evil ones who would destroy the races that the Creator caused to evolve upon this planet. We must not fight among ourselves.
None can stand against us if we stand together as we should in this battle for our respective freedom. We are representatives of God. We must not be sidetracked and knocked off the path by indulging in idleness or irrelevant squab-bies or compromises with the enemy. We must focus completely on the goal of racial separation.
As I mentioned at the beginning of this letter I am a representative of the Black Nation. I am writing to you and others hoping that perhaps we can begin a correspondence with each other. I have read some of your literature and I chose you because you break the negative stereotype that the evil ones' media place on all racial separatists. We need more people like you to fight for racial separation. I am seeking to spread my truth to all who will take the time to listen I know that many of my race and yours are blind and deaf by nature, but that does not bother me. I am only concerned with reaching the elite who can
Free Speech for October 1996
understand these truths and who will lead the rest to freedom despite themselves. Some who hear me are of the elite, although they don't know it yet. Please don't hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
Harambee.
If anyone wants to contact Harambee, 1 will be happy to pass along his address. There you have an example of an intelligent Black man who has figured out the game of death that the Enemies of Life want us to play. If such men were guiding the destiny of Black people, there would be no necessary conflict between our two races. May we all do everything we can to bring about the dawn of such a day on planet Earth.
Do you know what a search engine is? Do you know what the Internet is? If you care about the survival of your people, I think you’d better find out and use this amazingly powerful, easy, and inexpensive way to reach out and spread our message of hope and progress to the millions who are now connected via their computers to this new medium in which — at least for the present — our message has the potential for equal time and equal access.
For well under a thousand dollars it is now possible to purchase an IBM -compatible per-s o n a 1 computer that will sit on a small desktop and which will allow you complete and unrestrict ed access to the In-ternet.
7
The Internet is not only a place where you can access information resources thousands of times greater than even government agencies had access to a few years back, it is a place where you can place your own information so others can access it.
That’s right. Just as NBC and Mobil Oil have “pages” on the World Wide Web which anyone interested in what they have to say can read, you too can have a page or pages on the Web. Unlike broadcasting on radio or television, no license is required. Unlike broadcasting or television or publishing, no large investment is required in equipment, and very little specialized knowledge is required. Plenty of ten-year-olds are on the ’Net. You can be on the ’Net too. Unlike buying time on broadcast stations, the fees can be as little as 15 or 20 dollars a month for unlimited access and your own home page on the Web, with all the software you need to navigate the ’Net and publish on the ’Net thrown in for free.
With trivial exceptions, on the ’Net there is no gatekeeper. You can say what you want, and millions will be able to read what you say. And here is the amazing part, the part that scares the pants off the censors of Political Correctness and
DO YOU TRUST THIS MAN TO GIVE YOU THE WHOLE STORY? When you have access to the Internet you are able to bypass the talking heads of the controlled media, such as Larry King, and receive information from many different sources.
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
I
frightens the hell out of the Jewish media: When a user of the Internet is searching for information on, say, racial differences, or Jewish history, the information that you have posted on the Internet is given equal hilling with what the ADL has to say, or what CBS has to say, or what the government has to say. When a user looks at the results of his search, your documents are listed in the same typeface, the same size, and have exactly the same accessibility as the other documents. One dick and he can read what you have to say. He can read our side and the other side and make up his mind without having Larry King or Ted Koppel or Mike Wallace or some other Jew “interpret" or edit what we have to say.
The playing field has been levelled, and the information elites don’t like it one little bit.
Free SPEECH for October 1996
That is the real reason why they are trying to form coalitions with well-meaning but very misguided fundamentalist Christians who are fighting pornography on the ’Net. The Jewish information-meisters don’t give a damn about pornography, of course. They've been pushing and promoting the sickest pornography imaginable for decades, and they know that the deluded Judeo-Christians will never be able to put them out of that business or any other as long as those Christians refuse to face up to the racial and Jewish questions.
The reason they have formed a coalition with the Christians is because the Jewish elites aren’t strong enough to strangle the Internet by themselves. It’s just too big, and there are too many people empowered by its capabilities, and too many people are making fortunes off that empowerment, for them to stop it by
themselves. So they have roped sortie basically decent but unsuspecting citizen* into helping them get the censorship they want. But the Jews are going to fail. And you are going to be a part of making them foil.
Get a 486 or better Windows PC, get the free or inexpensive Netscape program, and pay an Internet service provider $20 or so per month — just do it! The computer dealer and your access provider will hold your hand and help you all the way through the process, and dozens of helpful books on the ’Net are available from most libraries and bookstores. Get going!
The Internet consists of many parts, but all of them involve sending words and pictures from one computer to another. Communicating on the Internet is very much like sending letters, reading letters, and reading magazines. It really
is rnai snnpie. niaicau of the words and pictures being on a piece of paper, they are on your computer screen; and instead of having to deal with writing, printing, folding, and using the post office, the words and pictures can be sent almost instantly and effortlessly. Furthermore, you can find dozens or hundreds of public statements and articles on almost any subject in a few seconds by using what is called a search engine.
The fastest-growing part of the Internet is called the World Wide Web. Using the World Wide Web is much like reading an illustrated magazine. By using a search engine, you can find all the articles on, say, bird houses or Mozart -or World War ll -or even a particular battle — or virtually anything, even the most obscure — in a matter of
second*
ABRAHAM H. FOXMAN
Foxmao, national director of the Anti-Defamation League of Bnal B’rith, it worried because forbidden
are being expressed on the Internet.
QJ996 National Vanguard Books Bax 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
FREE Speech for October 1996
9
You can read them right then and there, or save them for later reading, or, if you don’t care about using up some trees that took fifty years to grow you can print them out on paper and read them anywhere or pass them out to your computer-less friends.
The organization behind this program, the National Alliance, has a lot of tree information on our web sites. Every location and every message on the Internet has an address, and the addresses of our web pages are www.natvan.com and www.natall.com. Type them in once and you can save them in a bookmark file. The next time you want to access our hundreds of articles all you have to do is click a single button. It really is that simple.
In addition, it isn’t much more complicated to have your own World Wide Web pages. Usually the company that provides your Internet access, which should run you $20 a month in most areas, will provide you with space for a World Wide Web page or pages for no additional charge. Place your own material there, utilize material that we can provide you, and link with other like-minded individuals who also have racial separatist home pages.
Linking is one way that the World Wide Web is different from reading a paper magazine. Web pages can include links, which look just like underlined text in the article, but when clicked on with your computer’s mouse button can instantly transport you to other documents or sites that relate to the underlined subject. When we link our web pages with other like-minded pages, when we mirror their best material at our sites, we create an information infrastructure that transcends national borders, government censorship, or the whims of any one commercial enterprise, like an Internet service provider, that might be subject to organized Jewish pressure. As much as they’d like to, they can’t turn us off or shut us up.
Another important part of the Internet is e-mail. E-mail is just like regular mail in that you can send words and pictures to anyone you choose, except that no paper and no postage and virtually no delays in delivery are involved. It makes letter-writing fast and easy. It is easy to respond to your mail — all you have to do is hit a button or two, type your response, and it is on its way. Furthermore, you can be added to mailing lists if you so desire. There is, for
example, a mailing list that I maintain for those who want to receive American Dissident Voices articles in their electronic mailboxes. Just drop me a line at my e-mail address, and I’ll put you on the list for free. For those of you with e-mail capability already, write me a note at ka_strom@ix. netcom.com.
The National Alliance is making a tremendous effort via the radio and the Internet to awaken our people. On the Internet we have adopted the strategy of giving away much of our information for free. That means that your monetary support is more important than ever.
Please send us today whatever you think our efforts are worth, as much as you can afford. We desperately need it, we need it more than ever before. Remember, for just $40 for twelve issues you can subscribe to our newsletter Free Speech. Your subscription will be a valuable contribution to our outreach efforts.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Fighting for Racial Separation,” aired on September 21,1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid._______________________
Ideas Have Consequences
Judge a Tree by Its Fruit
by Kevin Alfred Strom
This article contains information which is powerful, shocking, and horrifying. I present such material not in an effort to pander to the degraded tastes of the mob, but rather because we must face unpleasant and shocking facts if we are to save our nation. If you are tied to the railroad tracks as a powerful locomotive approaches at one hundred miles per hour it will not help you a bit to pretend that you are sipping tea at a garden party. That is an accurate analogy to the situation we face today as a people.
Without the unselfish support of our
listeners and readers, American Dissident Voices and Free Speech would not exist. And I mean not only the monetary support you provide us, but the many news articles and the inside information that you send to us. They have proven to be invaluable in our research and writing for our broadcasts and publications. If you’d like to contribute an article, an experience you’ve had, or inside information as to what is going on in your profession as America is pushed into the New World Order, please feel free to write me, Kevin Alfred Strom, at my e-mail address, ka.strom^ix. netcom.com.
This article is a result of three contributions sent by ADV listeners. It is an exploration of the frightening way our
nation is changing, changing because most Americans have accepted certain pernicious, media-promoted ideas. Ideas lead to actions, and just as one judges a tree by its fruit, so an ideology should be judged by the behavior it elicits.
This article contains three examples of my present theme: Ideas Have Consequences.
/V
A listener who is a college instructor writes us as follows:
I have a friend who, while in the US Army, was a member of the Multinational Forces and Observers (MFC). The [members of the] MFO are the peacekeepers
<01996 National Vanguard Books Boot 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Free SPEECH for October 1996
in Israel and Egypt While in the West Bank area he saw an Israeli Army officer questioning a young Palestinian woman. When she didn't provide the correct answers he repeatedly rammed her face into the bumper guard of his truck. This broke her nose and knocked out some of her teeth. She was screaming and some of her blood splattered on his uniform. The Israeli pulled a pistol from his holster and shot her in the head. The back of her head flew off in little pieces. My friend returned to headquarters and began to fill out an eyewitness report, but his superior officer in the MFC told him I not to cause trouble.” He reluctantly followed orders. Later he saw an Israeli military patrol chase a rock-throwing Palestinian boy of about ten years of age. The youth ran into his house, which the Israelis [then] blew up, with the boy and his family inside. Again my friend followed orders. I asked my friend if he would consider going to the newspapers and TV •
government) crows about the supposed “fulfillment of prophecy” by the Israeli state; or when Rush Limbaugh (who has been lavishly hosted by the Israeli government on a “fact-finding” tour) informs his “dittoheads” that aid to Israel somehow is good for America, the consequences are not only dead Palestinians but dead American soldiers killed in wars that have no conceivable connection to defending America, and dead American civilans, victims of a terrorist war spilling over from the Middle East.
/V
Another American Dissident Voices listener sent us the following shocking article from the Detroit Free Press, entitled
“Sex Assault Stuns Authorities”:
Gregory puffed out his cheeks and pulled up the loose, blue Wayne County Youth Home trousers so he wouldn’t trip as he walked out of court.
He seemed oblivious to the damage and troubling questions he left behind.
At age 10, Gregory was convicted in the shocking, sadistic rapes of two young [boys] — assaults so damaging to the victims that their family moved out of Michigan for the sake of their recovery. How could a child do such horrible, cruel things to other children? What kind of punishment could fit the crime? What kind of treatment could help a 10-year-old who forces other boys to strip, fetch like a dog and perform sex acts on each other?
At a hearing Monday, Wayne County Juvenile Judge Patricia Campbell admitted she had no answers....


sictuons ang rtipur i uiuduuuiiBb. ne
said he had signed a secret security statement and would go to Federal prison if he went on record with these facts. He is a truthful and reliable person, and I believe his accounts of events in Israel.
The American people directly pay one third of the expenses for the MFO. Israel and Egypt pay the rest. Our billions of dollars sent to these countries annually actually pays all of the MFO funding. Yet we are not allowed to know what goes on there.
This situation is bad enough. But what I find really disturbing is this: What if someone in the MFO refused the order “not to cause trouble”? What if they said that when they returned home they were going to inform the American public? What if they said that the American taxpayers would be told of these travesties? What would the Israeli Mossad be willing to do to protect billions of dollars in American aid each year? Would the Israelis be willing to silence our US soldiers permanently? Would the Mossad kill all those people for a few billion dollars?
Ideas have consequences. The dead ten-year-old Palestinian boy and his family reduced to ashes and the young Palestinian woman with her head summarily blown off for talking bade to an Israeli are the consequences of the media-induced idea that Israel is our i toble friend and bastion of “democracy in the Middle East. And not only the liberal media are at fault in propagating these ideas. When Pat Robertson or jerry Falwell (who, by the way, flies in a private plane provided for him by the Israeli
CeUllt?l, V/dllipucil IICVJ l V/Ui isj vatr
gory and a 14-year old companion guilty of three counts of first-degree criminal sexual misconduct, two counts of felonious assault, and one count of burglary. Because of his age, sentencing the 14-year-old was easy: Campbell committed him to the Michigan Department of Social Services and recommended a specialized treatment program near Grand Rapids for sex offenders. [But] Gregory is too young for that. Under Michigan law, DSS cannot accept children under 12 as delinquent wards....
“This is the worst case I’ve seen in my four years with the prosecutor’s office," said [Assistant Wayne County Prosecutor Jerry] Dorsey.... “ These were clearly terrorist behaviors . . . beyond a mere sex thing or a fighting thing that boys get into. This was clearly designed to humiliate and terrorize and inflict fear and pain on these boys, both physical and psychological.”
[The attack] went on for nearly an hour May 30 behind Bedford High School on Detroit’s northwest side....
[The two victims were] brothers, ages 9 and 11. They did not know their attackers when they encountered them while riding bikes in the middle of the afternoon. [They] saw the 14-year-old, Gregory, and Gregory's 8-year-old brother carrying books, locks, and other supplies from the high school, which they had just burglarized. The boys talked together for a while before one of the [victims] got nervous and tried to run away. One of the young burglars chased him down and brought him back behind the school, where the two older burglars began the assaults.
The brothers were forced to take off their clothing and perform a sex
KJLIUt AHnpo i hnu uuortu 1 Racial integration in education and housing has led to a tremendous increase in the number of White victims of non-White crime.
©1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
BHANCH UAVIDIAN CHURCH BURNS IN WACO, TEXAS The government and the media portrayed the Davidians as dangerous fanatics who needed to be
Killed or imprisoned
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
FREE Speech for October 1996
act upon their attackers, forced to fondle and sodomize each other, crawl to fetch a tennis ball, and were beaten with sticks and fists. One of the brothers was hit in the head w ith a board and nearly knocked unconscious.
According to statements and testimony, the attackers, who are African-American, told the victims, who are white, at one point in the ordeal that they were treating them like slaves, “because you're white and we hate whites...."
They were treated at a hospital for various injuries. Dorsey said at first he didn't believe the boys, thinking they had made up a horrible story to cover their role in the burglary. But he said that the 8-year-old in the burglary trio, who did not participate in the assaults, told his mother what happened and verified the details.
Let me also quote from a letter sent y die judge by the mother of the two oung boys.
I am hurt by the crime that was committed against my boys. I am angry that two loving, trusting boys had to fall prey to such a hateful and heinous crime.
I am frightened about the future of our society when children commit crimes of hate, and then because of their age and society's hope of reform, they go without the consequences that match the severity of their crimes.
No one will ever know the depth of pain that I experienced when I saw the bruised welts and flesh wounds covering my son's buttocks, thighs, and arms and felt the egg-shaped knot on my son's head and heard how his body went stiff after the blow and he could not move. No one can know the ripping of my heart when I saw the Dain on mv eldest
Ideas have consequences. The idea of forcing incompatible peoples with differing values and standards to live together in the same society and the same schools and neighborhoods under the Orwellian term “ integration* has had tragic consequences equal to the tragedy of this family multiplied by a million times. The difference in most cases is that you never hear of these tragedies in the news media, so I doff my hat to Jack Kresnak of the Detroit Free Press for letting a bit of the truth get out. We live in a society where the most vicious and violent anti-White hatred imaginable blares forth daily from the speakers of innumerable radios in the form of so-called “rap music.” Rap “songs” have repeatedly called for the murder of police officers and the sodomy and rape of young White girls and a thousand other outrages. This “music” is broadcast from 50,000-watt, 24-hour-per-day radio and cable television stations in any city you might care to name, with full government approval and permission. As the saying goes, it does not take a rocket scientist to understand that these ideas promoted by the mass media have consequences — horrible, tragic consequences. And lest I be misunderstood, let me reiterate that the masters of the media who are ultimately responsible for these crimes are not Black people. If you want us to name names and tell you who they are, we will: send us a dollar, and we’ll send you our documented research
report on media ownership and control entitled Who Rules AmericaI
$0
Ideas have consequences. In April 1993 a terrible massacre occurred in Waco, Texas. Although the controlled media and the government did their best to convince us that the Branch Davidians committed suicide, and that they were dangerous, gun-toting fanatics who had to be stopped, the truth is finally starting to leak out. The Branch Davidians, though they may have had some unusual religious ideas, were well-regarded in their community, where they had lived peacefully with their neighbors for over 60 years. Many of them held responsible jobs. They did believe in self-sufficiency. And they did believe in the right of self-defense. For this purpose they had purchased guns, all of them perfectly legal. The attack on the Branch Davidian church was really a case of a power-mad bureaucracy, in cahoots with the media, trying to justify more so-called “gun control” laws by staging a media event where they raid yet another supposedly dangerous group with guns. When the raid didn’t go as planned Attorney General Janet Reno dug up some old and long-ago disproved claims of child abuse, a crime that is not even remotely under the jurisdiction of the FBI or the BATF, to provide a cover for/the tank attack on the
son s face and heard his voice crumble as he relived in his mind the sexual assault and rape....
I have never been one to run from a problem, but as a parent, when I saw a way out of the city and the crimes it harbors against children, I did not hesitate to take it. I must feel safe in my home.... My children must be able to play and romp and ride their bikes w ithout fear of losing their lives or their innocence.
I know that had this crime been perpetrated by adults, they would have been sentenced up to a life's imprisonment.,,. I do not see a bright future for our city, for our country, or our lives.
Since the assault and mo estation of her boys, the riot her and her children have noved to another state.
church that resulted in the fiery deaths of nearly one hundred people including 17 little children and two unborn babies. Recently released videotape footage shows that the fire was a direct result of the actions of the M60 tanks as they crushed the church’s stairwells in and as they admittedly pumped flammable gas into the church. The footage also shows government agents on the roof of the church already wearing what look like fire suits and fire hoods at the very moment the fire begins. Even if the government did not intentionally burn these people alive it is dear that they knew that fire was a probable outcome of pumping of flammable gas into a wooden building where kerosene lanterns substituted for the cutoff electricity. I want you to reflect on the consequences of the illiberal idea pushed by liberals that only the government’s police agencies should have guns, that we should give up our hard-won right to personally defend ourselves and our families, and instead turn over more and more power to the multiplying secret police agencies of a Federal government gone mad — a government which, it is becoming clearer day by day — is increasingly under the control of America’s enemies.
Of course, the concept that ideas have consequences did not originate with me, but it is a concept that Americans need to understand. When we accept the idea that homosexuality should be tolerated we condemn our children to recruitment into that sick so-called “lifestyle” and likely condemn some of them to death via AIDS. When we accept the idea of “gun control” we throw away our freedom and create a police state where government massacres of innocent people, as in the Waco tragedy, become possible. When we accept the media-promoted idea of “equality” we condemn ourselves to a living hell as our country is converted into a Third World slum, and we play into the hands of those who plot to impose a One World government upon all races and nations. Ideas have consequences.
This article is based on the American Lhu\r dent Voices program “Ideas Have I quencesaired on November 6, 1993. A cassette recording of (his broadcast is available from National Vanguard Bocks for $12.95 postpaid.
by Kevin Alfred Strom
Below is an advertisement printed in Australia’s Sunday Telegraph a couple of years ago. This advertisement was not paid for by a business promoting a product or service. It was paid for by the government, and it constituted an official notice to Australian citizens. It is also a frightening portent of America’s future. I quote from the ad:
Personal protection is NO reason to have a gun. If you own a gun which you keep to protect yourself, your family or your property, you must dispose of it legally. Under the latest gun laws, personal and property protection are no longer considered acceptable reasons to possess any type of firearm, or to get a licence. If you wish to possess any gun, you must have a licence and meet the new requirements for safe storage of the weapon and its ammunition. When your current licence expires you must reapply if you want to continue to possess or use a gun. Be warned, making a false or misleading statement on your license application could earn you ten years in prison. Act quickly. If you haven't got a licence, now is the time to either apply for one, or legally dispose of your gun. Oneway you can do this is at your local police station. Possession and use of any firearm for personal or property protection is illegal and will attract severe penalties. No exceptions, no excuses. New South Wales Police Service.... The New South Wales Government, putting people first by managing better.
Allow me to repeat: “Possession and use of any firearm for personal or property protection is illegal and will attract severe penalties.” Those who would disarm us have attained their goal in the New World Order’s province of Australia. And that is also their goal here in America. Americans, you had better wake up, before the noose is around your neck.
ITiomas Jefferson said: “No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms.”
©1996 National Vanguard Book $ Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
THOMAS JEFFERSON
Jefferson believed an armed citizenry is a bulwark of freedom
He well knew that the very definition of freedom requires that every free man have the right and indeed the responsibility of self-defense, and of defense of his family, community, and nation. In a world where firearms exist, that means the right to own firearms. And in a world where tyranny exists, that means the ability to own weapons effective enough to discourage tyrants from trampling on your rights, from attacking your family in Ruby Ridge or Richmond, from burning down your church in Waco or in Wichita. Americans, you had better wake up, before the noose is around your neck.
Thomas Jefferson also said:
The strongest reason for the people to retain their right to keep and bear arms is as a last resort to protect themselves against tyranny in government.
When he uttered those words, Thomas Jefferson had just seen the successful conclusion of a bloody revolution
Free Speech for October 1996
America Awake
Eternal Vigilance Is the Price of Freedom
CHARLES SCHUMER
Schumer fears that an armed citizenry wiM revolt against the New World Order.
Free Speech for October 1996
13
against a tyranny that in retrospect seems benign compared to the cryptocracy which now rules us from New York, Hollywood, and Washington, DC. Many of his comrades had lost their lives in that revolution. Jefferson’s goal was to ensure forever the right of Americans to own effective weapons. When they used the word militia, the founding fathers of cur nation meant the armed citizenry, which they saw as a bulwark against foreign invaders and against the armed agents of tyranny at home, of which they had had quite enough from King George III. Americans, you had better wake up, before the noose is around your neck.
Samuel Adams said:
The said constitution shall never be construed to authorize congress to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms.
Patrick Henry said:
The great object is that every man be armed. Everyone who is able may have a gun.
The father of our constitution, James Madison, said:
Americans need never fear their government because of the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess
over the people of almost every other nation.
What a contrast these words of Jefferson, Adams, Henry, and Madison are to the words we hear today — the words of Schumer, the words of Feinstein, the words of Foxman. The names themselves tell the story of the loss of our country to a new ruling class which, like George III, fears an armed citizenry, and works with great patience, step by step by step, to gradually disarm us. Unlike the founding fathers, our new rulers do not openly state their intentions, but cloak them in deception, in pleasant-sounding mendacity, and with Talmudic trickery and infinite patience take each of the steps leading to a disarmed population facing an all-powerful government which is armed to the teeth.
The technique probably would not fool so many Americans were it not for the fact that the mass media are firmly in the hands of the new ruling class which has arisen since the Second World War. Their tried-and-true con game works like this. A psychotic or a member of a minority gang commits a heinous crime. The liars of the mass media shed crocodile tears for the victim as their cameras focus in on the real perpetrator of the crime: a gun. The kept editorial writers and journalists leap into action, calling for restrictions on — you name it — handguns, guns with magazines larger
who voted for no-knock warrant laws, under which government agents can enter your home or place of business on almost any pretext; you who voted for forfeiture laws under which your property and your life savings can be taken by the government without a trial; you who voted for the institution of dozens of different government police agencies, each one of which is armed with the latest in spying and killing machinery; you should listen to the words of the director of the Federal Law Enforcement Assistance Administration, who stated before the United States Congress:
I am one w ho believes that as a first step the US [sic] should move expeditiously to disarm the civilian population, other than police or security officers, of all handguns, pistols and revolvers ... no one should have the right to anonymous ownership or use of a gun.
This agency also stated:
There can be no right of privacy in regard to armament . . . we seek a disarmed populace.
Conservative gun owners, unless you begin to understand what is happening in this country you may wake up one day as an inmate in one of those thousands of new prisons which you voted to have constructed as an answer to the crime


than 5 rounds, certain types of ammunition, etc. — whatever our masters have decreed is the next on the list. The list, ladies and gentlemen, will not end until we have no weapons and they have them all. Then the bought politicians leap into action, gathering their forces and clamoring for the passage of the latest gun restriction or confiscation bill, the essentials of which have been written long in advance by the Anti-Defamation League or the other well-funded organizations of America’s enemies.
How many more times are the sheeplike Americans going to fall for this con game? Remember, it was Vladimir Ilyich Lenin — real name Ulyanoff — (there’s one of those names again) who said: “. . . one of the basic conditions for the victory of socialism is . . . the disarming of the (middle class.J* Americans, you had better wake up, before the noose is around your neck.
And it isn’t only liberals who are fooled by this con: You conservatives
uiuuicm. iu liucidis i w u u i u a ay, ruiici*
ica does not have a gun problem — America has a race problem. To conservatives I would say, America does not have a crime problem as much as we have a treason problem. Americans, you had better wake up, before the noose is around your neck.
It isn’t only our private arms that the subversives and traitors want to take away from us. They are even planning to take away the protection of our armed forces, which they want to convert into mercenaries for the United Nations and a “security force" to keep dissidents like us in line. Don’t believe it? Let me refer you to State Department Document number 7277, which states in part:
The United States program for general and complete disarmament... (will lead to] a world in which adjustment to change takes place in accordance with the principles of the United Nations. In order to make possible the achievement of that goal, the program sets forth the following specific objectives toward
996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
14
which nations should direct their efforts: M) The disbanding of ail national armed forces and the prohibition of their roes tabiishment in any form whatsoever other than those required to preserve internal order and for contributions to a United Nations Peace Force; [2] The elimination from national arsenals of all armaments, including all weapons of mass destruction and the means for their delivery, other than those required for a United Nations Peace Force and for maintaining internal order; and [3] The manufacture of armaments would be prohibited except for those of agreed type6 and quantities to be used by the UN Peace Force and those required to maintain internal order. All other armaments would be destroyed or converted to peaceful purposes.
Americans, you had better wake up, before the noose is around your neck.
From the United States Arms Control and Disarmament Agency Publication 14, we have the following chart: *U.S. Three-Stage Disarmament Plan:” In Stage I - The U.S. Military is Large, and the UN Peacekeeping Force is Small; In Stage II - The U.S. Military is Smaller, with the UN Peacekeeping Force Increased; and in Stage III - the U.S. and U.S.S.R. Military are gone as independent entities, all national military forces are under the control of the UN as so-called “Peacekeeping Forces,” with the United States allowed only an internal security force to quiet any who object. Ladies and gentlemen, is this not the pattern you have seen developing before your eyes, in Korea, in Vietnam, in Iraq, in Somalia? And this document was published in 1962. Americans, you had better wake up, before the noose is around your nedc
Were the American people ever asked if they wanted their sons to die to enforce the dictates of a world government? Have our leaders and our news media honestly informed us that they were leading us into a world government7 Have we been given an opportunity to pass judgment on this idea and throw these world government proponents out of office if we decided to keep the independence our forefathers fought and died to procure? No, my friends, we have never been given that opportunity. The proof that these traitors and subversives are out to enslave us is fourfold: First is the voluminous documentation of their plan, a tiny part of which 1 have brought to your attention on this program. Second is the fact that they have not been honest with us about
Free Speech for October 1996
their intentions. If their intentions were benevolent, why would they have to trick us into surrendering our freedom and our nation itself? Third is their unrelenting attack on our right to keep and bear arms. Governments which are of, by, and for the people do not fear their own citizens. But tyrants feel secure only when the people are disarmed. Fourth is the fact that both major political parties in this country are controlled from behind the scenes by entities long dedicated to the creation of a so-called “ New World Order” on the corpse of America. I maintain that those who have deceived us on such a colossal scale cannot possibly have our best interests at heart.
President Bill Clinton’s favorite college professor, Georgetown University’s Carroll Quigley, approved of the New World Order, though he disagreed with its policy of secrecy over the years. He wrote in his magnum opus Tragedy and Hope:
The relationship between the financial circles of London and those of the Eastern United States . .. reflects one of the most powerful influences in twentieth-century American and world history. The two ends of this English-speaking axis have sometimes been called, perhaps facetiously, the English and American establishments. There is, however, a considerable degree of truth behind the joke, a truth which reflects a very real power structure. It is this power structure which the Radical Right in the United States has been attacking for years in the belief that they are attacking the Communists. This is particularly true when these attacks are directed, as they so frequently are, at ’Harvard Socialism,’ or at 'Left-wing newspapers' like The New York Times and the Washington Post, or at foundations....
The most visible of the organizations of the world government proponents is the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), the members of which have formed a high percentage of the appointees and elected members of every administration, both Democrat and Republican, since the Franklin Roosevelt regime. According to researcher Dan Smoot:
... the Council on Foreign Relations, together with I great number of other associated tax-exempt organizations, constitutes the invisible government which sets the major policies of the Fed era! govarnmant; exercises controlling influence on government officials who implement the policies; and through mas •ive and skillful propaganda, Influences
Congress and the public to support the policies. I am convinced that the objective of this invisible government is to convert America into a socialist state and then make it a unit in a one-world socialist system.
CFR members literally run every administration in Washington, be it Democrat or Republican. That is one reason why, my friends, that on all the really important issues, the policies pursued remain the same no matter which party is in power. That is why the nearly-com-plete conversion of America into a province of the New World Order continues apace, regardless of the rhetoric of the province’s current overseers. Americans, you had better wake up, before the noose is around your neck.
Again I quote from Bill Clinton’s mentor, Dr. Carroll Quigley:
I know of the operations of this network because I have studied it for twenty years and was permitted for two years, in the early 1960s, to examine its papers and secret records. I have no aversion to it or to most of its aims and have, for much of my life, been close to it and many of its instruments. I have objected, both in the past and recently, to a few of its policies . . . but in general my chief difference of opinion is that it wishes to remain unknown, and I believe its role in history is significant enough to be known.
Why would Quigley disclose to the public the operations of the secret government, of which he evidently approved? Cleon Skousen’s review of Tragedy and Hope gives us the reason:
His answer appears in a number of places but is especially forceful and dear on pages 979 and 980. He says, in effect, that it is now too late for the little people to turn back the tide. In a spirit of kindness, he is therefore urging them not to fight the noose which is already around their necks.
With all due respect to Dr. Quigley, I utterly reject his call to surrender.
The forces behind the CFR also exert controlling influence over more radical movements which are useful in corralling us into their world plantation. In his book The Naked Capitalist, Dr. Cleon Skousen, a former FBI official and later professor at Brigham Young University, reveals that a former member of the National Committee of the Communist l\irty, USA, Dr. Bella V. Dodd, who later
PI 996 National Vanguard Books Bax 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
became an ardent anti-Communist, told him, *1 think the Communist conspiracy is merely a branch of a much bigger conspiracy." Skousen relates:
Dr. Dodd said she first became aware of some mysterious super-leadership right after World War II when the US Communist Party had difficulty getting instructions from Moscow on several vital matters requiring immediate attention. The American Communist hierarchy was told that any time they had an emergency of this kind they should contact any one of three designated persons at [New York City's] Waldorf Towers. Dr. Dodd noted that whenever the party obtained instructions from any of these three men,
Free Speech for October 1996
Moscow always ratified them. What puzzled Dr. Dodd was the fact that not one of these three contacts was a Russian. Nor were any of them Communists. In fact, all three of them were extremely wealthy American capitalists!
Americans, you had better wake up, before the noose is around your neck.
My thanks to the educational efforts of Police Against the New World Order, who gathered together some of the quotations used in this broadcast. If you are a law enforcement officer, or know some-
15
one who is, I highly recommend their publications. They can be reached at Box 8712, Phoenix, AZ 85066 USA. And my thanks also go to our listeners and readers who sent in numerous documents and news articles helpful to us in this broadcast. If you have material that you'd like to bring to my attention, please write to me via e-mail at ka_strom@ix.net-com.com.
This article is based on. the American DissU dent Voices program “America Awake," aired on March 5, 1994. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available horn National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid. Ask for item # 563.________
Straight from the
Horse's Mouth
An Empire of
Their Own
This social history of Hollywood documents that tinsel town was Jewish from its inception.
A chronicle which explores how and why the Jews took over the American film industry, this book makes for fascinating reading.
Available from National Vanguard Books for $17.95 postpaid
Where Will He Find It?
On Jew-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jew-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
In his classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where he will be exposed to drug dealers and homosexuals?
We are here to make sure that more and more young people like him have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed word. We are the men and women of the National Alliance.
For $2 we will send you our informative book and tape catalog ^lonj^YgUh information on the National Alliance.
^ . n <U/	'
NAl^IONAL i^LIAajCE t PfO. Box 90 Hillsboro, WY 24$t6
t	Cl
(O)	^	\
-----------------fcTjj
Satellite Channel
Listen to American Dissident Voices on sattellite anywhere in North America,
every Saturday from 6 to 7 p.m. Central Time on G7, channel 14, 7.56 audio.
• Listen. . .
...every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in gray. Send $2 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of our radio schedule are available at $3 for 20 copies, $7 for 100 copies, or $30 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
He Needs the Truth