FtC6
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. —John Adams, 1766
FREE SPEECH • JULY 1996 • VOLUME II, NUMBER 7
Nelson Rosit, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per annum, including special offers and quantity discounts on tapes and printed materials from National Vanguard Books; Defenders of the First Amendment who donate $300 per year or more will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for broadcast or publication.
I THIS ISSUE OF
Facing RadS-Blij^
Kevin



mmm
llpp w
mmm. Wm

wmmm
Media
Close-up
Wmmm

MHimi


|ip^|
mmm
'V.V.V.VAWi

Facing Racial Realities
Europeans and Their Descendants Are a Small and Shrinking
Minority Worldwide
by Kevin Alfred Strom
The message I am about to give you is a warning to America. It was written by a non-White who actively supports and encourages the dispossession of White people; a man who, when asked about miscegenation, says he is “all for it.” Nevertheless, he is a rare man in America these days: he is man who states frankly what others are afraid to speak of or even think about. As such, we are lucky to hear from him. His truths are a warning to all White Americans. The
author has asked me to slightly rewrite his article so that Internet search engines will have a harder time locating it. He has also asked me not to use his real name because he fears the possible reprisals that often follow truth-telling on racial matters. So I will refer to him by his pen name of Henry Liu. Heed his warning to the West:
We're doing a pretty good job of infiltrating America and forcing Whites to accept us. Asians ought to continue to have many children. We are already more than half the Earth's population, and it won't
be long before the 12% White minority have all become Asian or African mixtures since we've convinced them that intermarriage is good and normal. Over such a planet we Asians can unfurl our racial flag.
The Republican Party enjoyed a brief height of glory in 1994 and 1995 when a conservative backlash outvoted the liberal-welfare-immigrant voting bloc. However, their reign is already starting to crumble.
Consider this scenario: Clinton wins the 1996 election, the Religious Right loses credibility by insisting upon anti-abortion and biblical-education policies, and the media continue to allege ties between
©1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Frfi Speech for July 1996
right -wing extremists and Rspublioans. By the year 2000 the oombtned voting power of White liberals. Backs, and other minorities makes Congress overwhelmingly Democrat. This starts a chain reaction in which Congress votes to increase the immigration quota, more non-White immigrants become voters, more of these voters lobby for increased immigration quotas and for multicultural education. The schools teach White children that Americans should be tolerant and aocept infinite immigration.
By 2030 immigrants, their White spouses, and other minorities make up 70% of the U.S. population. By popular demand Federal law enforcement agendas go after any and all White people who resist us and put them away in concentration camps.
By 2050, Whites have become 15% of the U.S. population. The U.N. replaces the Federal government of America. Other Western nations are forced under U.N. monitoring to accept millions of African, Asian, and Middle Eastern citizens. The planet then becomes a game between Africans and Asians only. Guess who will win that game?
White Americans have an average of 1.8 children per couple, and that number is declining. The number of couples is also declining as homosexuality and childlessness become ever more fashionable among Whites. At the same time, I predict 10% of Caucasians will marry non-Whites, while non-White immigrants continue to both come in increasing numbers and have more children per couple.
At the present rate, pure Europeans in America will become a rare species within decades. G'ven our ever-increasing standards of Political Correctness, it does not seem likely that the White separatists will be able to outlaw interracial marriages in time to make a difference.
It also seems unlikely that a vogue for having many children will ever return for Whites: the media would oppose it as racist. Adoption of non-White babies is also skyrocketing.
!t‘s only a matter of time before U.S.A. stands for the United States of Asia. Since China's one-child policy is falling apart and since White people are so eager to adopt babies, we could have a profitable trade of exporting Chinese babies to Western countries. Let’s continue to show them images of tortured orphans so that White couples will continue to adopt Chinese children like there is no tomorrow. I have been asked by other Asians: Are you suggesting that we start baby farms and harvest the babies as trading commodities? Well, we’ve always been good at trade, haven’t we?
If the environmentalists complain, we can just accuse them of racism, In place of China’s one-child policy we could have the * export-the-rest" policy. Every now and then we'll slaughter a kid and show her off to the Western media, so that their churches will bend over backwards to adopt more kids
We may never be able to defeat the West militarily, but we sure as hell can genetically.
Today, European man is losing out in numbers and economic prowess to Mongolian man. Even though Mongolians far outnumber Europeans in population, Whites have enthusiastically brought in Mongolian immigrants for assimilation and intermarriage. The one-way traffic of immigration occurs on top of lower birth and fertility rates for Whites. It appears that one day soon Asians can prepare to unfurl their racial flag over a vanquished planet. My critics say: When an Asian and a Caucasian join together, the kid is half Asian and half Caucasian. Neither the Caucasians nor the Asians have won in the match. But my critics are wrong. As the lineage becomes 3/4-Asian, 7/8-Asian, 15/16-Asian there comes a point when the person is, for all practical purposes, Asian. Asian nations need merely to export a tiny percentage of their burgeoning populations in order to make U.S.A. stand for the United States of Asia.
Imagine a 22nd century when California becomes New Khalistan, Kansas becomes New Canton, Wyoming becomes New Wuhan, Louisiana becomes New Lhasa, North Dakota becomes New Dakka, Indiana becomes New India, Pennsylvania becomes New Pusan, and Washington, DC, becomes New Haiphong. Southern parts of the United States might be given to Latin American nations, so that Texas becomes Nuevo Sonora and Florida becomes Nuevo Cuba.
We could have Aryan reservations in the hills of Appalachia, and their exotic Christian religion would be showcased in museums. There are already more Muslims than Episcopalians in America, so I suppose that it might become the state religion. Buddhists and Hindus would follow close behind.
Overpopulation is often cited as a major problem in China and other Asian countries. Yes, the birthrate has been slightly reduced, but there is another solution which Asians are quietly implementing. Asian countries are exporting their excess populations to America, making more space at home, while America becomes more Asian. Naturally we are happy that Americans are not being informed of this in their media. As Sun Tzu would say: Sow confusion among your enemy and weaken them.
American school children are already learning about the aboriginal First Nations — the Mongolians — w ho rightfully own this continent. They are now learning about the crimes of the European invaders and usurpers, and soon all American school children will learn of the ultimate destiny and purpose behind it all: the new United States of Asia.
For those of us with Asian mothers, let us take this day to thank them for bringing us into the world. Let us pray that our holy genes will continue to spread across the planet until the day that the
yellow sun will shine upon the Earth and the yellow moon will guide us through the darkness.
You have been reading the thought! of Henry Liu. I am glad that Mr. Liu has given us this warning, and I am glad that a few people in this country are still unafraid to exercise their freedom of speech.
A/
The word “racism” has been turned into a synonym for evil. But racism only means having racial feelings — a feeling of kinship with your racial brothers and sisters, a feeling of understanding and belonging, a feeling of being part of a culture, a part of something bigger than ourselves.
Racial feelings are inborn in us. They are good and natural. And it is one of this century's most horrible deceptions to paint them as somehow wrong. If you want to call our normal racial feelings racism, then so be it. We’ll call those feelings racism.
As long as there are races there will be racism. It is inborn, has an evolutionary purpose and survival value, and is even present in non-human species. Racial feelings are about as likely to disappear as are sexual feelings.
Actually, racism is good and necessary for the continued branching off of new types of human beings from the existing stocks. Evolution, so far as we know, operates primarily by such branching, and racial feelings are an important part of what keeps the branches apart. At some point, homo sapiens sapiens refused to breed with the sub-men around him.
Mallards and wood ducks can interbreed, and may even do so under certain freak conditions. But the mentality of these birds, even when they live in the same territory, makes them shun the other type. The branches, once one, are now separate for all time.
Most Whites — even most liberal Whites — instinctively choose Whites as neighbors, school mates, and life mates. This is good and natural and really has nothing at all to do with the emotion of hate. Evolution, branching, and separation have brought about all the wonder*
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for July 1996
3
ful diversity of creation that we tee around us. It is Nature's way. It is God's way. And virtually all of natural history is testament to the natural preference of specie*, subspecies, and races to cleave to their own Icind.
It is only by acknowledging the wisdom of our racial feelings that the wonderful qualities of our race can be preserved. Our society once protected (admittedly in an imperfect way) the gene pool that produced Da Vinci, Aristotle, Mozart, Beethoven, and the builders of the Saturn V rocket. It does not do so any longer. The multiculturalists and multiracialists are in the ascendant in the West and promulgate a moral paradigm in which defense of our gene pool is evil (“ racist"). This, in my view, is destructive, even genocidal.
White Americans — and Whites around the world — are, in increasing numbers, beginning to see themselves (again) as a people with a common history and common interests and values. Whites instinctively feel a kinship that they do not feel with Arabs, Africans, Asians, or Australoids. They inwardly respond to Beethoven as they cannot respond to the call from the Minaret or the beat of African drums. They are inspired by the Gothic spires of Germany and Spain, the Parthenon, the Pantheon, and the Arch of Titus; but the Wailing Wall, the altars of the Incas, and the cryptic tribal art on the walls of the New York subway system, fascinating though they may be, remain alien.
The fact that other races see us as one people, and at times attack us as one people, aids this process of rising racial consciousness. A similar situation prevails among Blacks. European Americans are awakening, and we are starting to take charge of our own destiny again.
Such is the way that peoples and nations are formed. Such is the way of Nature. And the screams from the ivory towers of the academic elite will not stop this process.
One of the latest hysterical screams from the academic left is the claim that the White race simply does not exist, that there is no such thing and never has been. A large number of degreed whores of Academe say so — but then they also think that Bill Moyers can be taken seriously.
There is a political agenda behind the
"there is no such thing as the White race" malarkey, and it exposes itself every time the obvious corollary is stated: If there is no such thing as the White race, then there is no collective responsibility for the real and imagined sins it committed against the equally imaginary African, Amerind, and other races which stand impatiently in the handout lines for what’s left of the tax money after the bureaucrats have taken their cut.
No more affirmative action — races do not exist! No more “Holocaust" reparations — races do not exist! No more “diversity" training — races do not exist! Oh, that would never do. It is only the White race which does not — cannot — exist. It cannot exist, because if its existence were admitted, then the genocide which is now being practiced against it would become immediately obvious. And even a few honest liberals might pale at that and spoil the whole show.
The multiracialists have painted themselves into a corner. What to do? Probably just mumble that the “oppressed" groups are * peoples," “nations," or something of the sort. And they will hope that Whites never wake from their stupor and coalesce into a “people" just as conscious of its interests and destiny as, say, the Jews.
What a different world that would be. If it is illegitimate morally and untenable scientifically for Whites to organize on the basis of a perceived common race or ethnicity (or even to claim that their race exists), then surely the same would hold true for Jews and Blacks.
Perhaps one day “liberal” true believers will wake up and discover that nothing exists. That is the end of the road for their mode of thinking. The verb “to be" is anathema to them. The thought that there might be an absolute reality outside themselves, a reality which is what it is regardless of their wishes, theories, hopes, daydreams, or decrees is as intolerable to them as it is to a two-year-old. Believe it or not, they have even developed a language (called “e-prime") — a version of English which eschews completely the verb “to be.”
“Liberals” are very suggestible, and are really the victims of, not the originators of, the “ race does not exist, but some races must be favored" swindle. It is convenient to demonize and dehumanize people that you are going to commit
genocide upon. And it it easier to commit genocide when you convince your henchmen that the victims really don’t exist. That is what the “White race does not exist" con is really all about. It is a warrant for genocide.
Another lie which the academic elite rams down the throats of our children on a daily basis is that their technique of genocide — racial mixing — is really good for us because it brings "hybrid vigor.”
Hybrid vigor refers to exceptional growth which sometimes manifests itself when scientists cross or hybridize strains of plants or animals experimentally. Hybrid vigor signifies nothing in terms of the human genius needed to create and sustain a civilization. Where it exists, such as in corn or apple trees, it usually peters out after a few generations.
A far more important concept in the crossing of human races is “regression to the mean.” This means that even if you mate a Negro genius with a White person the offspring are, on average, likely to exhibit Negroid characteristics more typical of the average Negro, and not necessarily of that particular Black genius, and this is even more true of succeeding generations.
Regression to the mean in the case of interbreeding with Africans means regression to the African mean, with Asians to the Asian mean. Neither holds out promise of raising the level of the upper half of our bell curve — rather the opposite. The other races have mixed with Europeans, and everywhere the results are, to say the least, unimpressive. They have nothing to offer us.
Some advocates of racial mixing point to areas where the other races are superior to Whites: Blacks in athletic ability, Asians in social unity, etc. But we cannot (yet) select such characteristics, especially when you are talking about random interbreeding as advocated by liberals and Communists. In the long run you will get random combinations of the different characteristics, most of which will not be superior. You will get regression to the mean. For such a questionable experiment, you would destroy one of Nature’s creatures? Would you force bald eagles and fish eagles to mate? Lions and tigers?
The European race has all the diversity it needs for health and further evolu-
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Frff Speech for July 1996
tkmmty development It it i tnofil end environmental crime of the highest order to destroy it by bnsking down oil its defenses again »t interbreeding.
The academic whores end shills who call for genocide are always prating about how we can't say for sure how much of our intelligence and our civilization is genetically determined and how much is caused by environment. (They used to say that it was all environmental, but the evidence is too contrary, so they've given up on that score.)
But I say to them — even you admit that you don't know that our unmatched civilization is not the result of our genetic makeup. If it is, and you obliterate that unique genetic code, do you realize the enormity of what you have done?
Whites should be allowed to re-erect their traditional barriers against mating and social contact with non-Whites in order to preserve our kind. Anything else is genocide.
I can hear the academic genocide-jus-tifiers coming out of their holes and whispering to our young people — "There is only one race — the human race. We are all one species.”
There is a great deal of debate on species boundaries. The question has been raised: Should the races be treated as separate species, or just subspecies of the same species? They certainly vary enough for subspecies classification. After all, some species of mammals differ so litde that a human observer cannot tell them apart. (Two species of Siberian hamsters come to mind. Among these two species a scent, discernible only to the hamsters and laboratory olfactory instruments, is the main difference and the means by which the female chooses a mate of the correct species.) The position that there are no subspecies among men — that they do not even exist — is indeed a novel one. It would imply that the Australoid, the Capoid, and the European, each developing separately for at least one hundred thousand years and possessing startling physical differences, are not only the same species but must be defined as the same subspecies. No one can scientifically defend such a thesis.
1 cannot speak for anyone else, but in my eyes the European race, imperfect as it may be, is a race of light and beauty. It is the race of Shelley and Keats and
tnd Shakespeare, the race of the Parthenon and Chartres Cathedral and Stonehenge, the race of Mozart and Beethoven and Liszt and Brahms, the race of Vermeer and Raphael and Rossetti, the race of Caesar and Alexander and Washington and Jefferson, the race of Ford and Marconi and Goddard and Von Braun and Shockley.
And our race is threatened. Nowhere is our birthrate above replacement level. Everywhere our borders have been opened and the new elite teaches our children that intermarriage is good and desirable. Everywhere the new elite teaches our children that to defend our genetic heritage is the very definition of evil.
The end result, if trends continue, will be genocide. The end result will be death for the uniquely beautiful, intelligent, and creative people called by the name of the goddess Europa.
This article is based on the American Dissir dent Voices program “Facing Racial Realities,” aired on June 22, 1996. A cassette recording of this program is available from National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid.
FS/ADV
News
ADV & WRNO v. FCC
“To quote Richard Cotton, Freedom is not Free.” Thus began a letter from Joseph M. Costello, president of station WRNO, to American Dissident Voices explaining a bill for legal fees that the station incurred responding to an inquiry from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
Last August WRNO was the subject of an inquiry by the FCC (see articles in the September 1995 and February 1996 issues of Free Speech). The commission claimed that it was responding to complaints by unnamed individuals or groups. The complainants charged four programs carried by WRNO, including ADV, were targeted solely at a domestic audience in violation of FCC rules.
The charges themselves were
P#eniL
absurd; but there was plenty of behind this madness. The unidentifj^ individuals or groups filing the co^ plaints knew that the FCC would as their flunky to perpetrate wh*, amounted to petty harassment of for daring to broadcast Politically In^ rect views.
Despite the groundless nature of tfo charges, the station was required by FCC regulations to respond to them. This required time and legal expertise. understandably WRNO passed the cost of the latter on to the programs involved. The enemies of Free Speech know that w? run on a shoestring budget with a skefo ton staff. The time and money used to respond to frivolous complaints could be used for a dozen other pressing needs.
The other apparent purpose of the complaints was to use the FCC as an intelligence gathering agency for the anonymous groups or individuals involved. Among the information the FCC required the station to submit were:
Any and all documents that relate to the development, production, acquisition, broadcast, and/or intended audiences of the four aforementioned programs.
Any and all promotional material used by station WRNO in any period during which any of the four aforementioned programs have been aired....
Any and all documents pertaining to any commercial advertisements aired by station WRNO in connection with any of the aforementioned programs....
Any and all documents that evidence business plans for station WRNO that in any way relate to the time slots used for broadcast of the four aforementioned programs.
Since the original complaints were baseless and WRNO responded in a prompt and professional manner, the FCC has apparently been mollified for the moment. We can certainly expect, however, that the enemies of our rights and freedoms will use similar tactics and worse when opportunities present themselves in the future
Last Call for Applications
National Vanguard Books is still accepting applications for the position of assistant editor. Interested persons should send a resume, cover letter, and writing sample to the address below.
©1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Frff SPFFCH for July 1996
5
Media Control, Close-up
An Ohio Journalist Experiences Firsthand the Power of Jewish Media Control
by Jack Killey
Question: Do you really believe the Jews own the media?
Answer: Most of it, yes. But they don't have to own it to control it.
An object lesson in this distinction was the downfall of northeastern Ohio’s The Gateway Press, a general interest news weekly to which I devoted seven years of part-time work. A fierce smear campaign and unremitting advertising boycott by Cleveland-area Jews — many not even in our circulation region — caused the forced sale of a newspaper that many readers trusted to deliver at least an approximation of the truth about events in their communities.
Until I wrote and my editor published a commentary casting a gimlet eye on President Clinton's many Jewish appointees, I suppose most Jews in the area, like our general readership, slotted us somewhere between the kitty litter box and the refrigerator door. We had our admirers and detractors, but no one accused The Gateway of being docile or tepid in its coverage of local elections, proposed tax or school levy issues, or other events that hit our readers where they lived.
People bought our competitor, the daily flagship of a much larger chain (who, ironically enough, later bought us out), to see who died and whose kid made Little League player of the week. They read Gateway, however, to see why cabals of doctors were fighting over the location of a new medical center, or who was behind the push for pro-homosexual curricula in their kids' schools, or which city council had violated the "sunshine law" in a secret meeting last week and why. If we had a news philosophy it was probably on the order of a thorough libertarianism, and we tried as often as possible to deliver both sides of any given story.
But only 850 words on Clinton's appointments reduced our county, after twelve years of an alternative, to its former bland diet of one-newspaper pabu-
lum. A barely measurable percentage of our readership, none of whom ever refuted the commentary on its particulars, managed to deprive some 48,000 readers of a reliable news source in their communities. The Jews’ “persecuted minority" mantle is, I suppose, apropos for a race that showed a gift for the theatrical long before they created Broadway and Hollywood.
“You know, I never considered myself an anti-Semite until now," mused one staffer, after another day of being cursed at by local shopkeepers suddenly outraged by their advertising vehicle's callous treatment of the Chosen Ones. “But I think they’ve made me one."
I did not harbor any particular dislike of the Jews, racially or religiously, when I composed the piece in question. I don’t care much for the ACLU-style leftist politics of most secular Jews in the United States, and haven’t since my turn towards social conservatism about 12 years ago. Strangely enough, I cut my teeth on the sort of activist liberalism found in Jewish intellectual organs like The New Republic and The Nation (and was even published in the latter), and spent more of my college days than I care to remember trotting off to antiwar rallies. I steeped myself in liberal ideas and methodology and, for a variety of reasons, found them wanting. But I can’t say that I began to examine the woof and warp of liberalism’s ideological crazy quilt for specifically Jewish threads until 1 witnessed firsthand the rabid response to a little article in a little paper.
The commentary in question was published, as all my many commentaries were, as my personal opinion, not as the editorial position of the newspaper. The piece can be easily synopsized. I pointed out the high percentage of Jews among Clinton’s appointees, hardly representative of his stated goal to have an administration that “looks like America.” 1 wondered how this might affect American foreign policy towards Israel, and (this was the part that brought in the big guns against us) ventured the opinion that this facet of the Clinton administra-
tion was being deliberately obscured by a Jewish-dominated American media establishment.
You’d think I’d written a glowing reconsideration of Mein Kampf. My editor’s phone started jumping off her desk. Sales reps were screamed at and thrown from premises by red-faced merchants who had previously described us as an asset to the community. One of the more prominent Jewish businessmen in the area wrote the editor a venomous letter (specifying, of course, that it was not for publication) telling her, "You can’t say whether or not you’re an anti-Semite. Only we can decide that.”
Do you think the surrounding media establishment came to the defense of one of their own embattled members as the pot began to boil beyond the boundaries of Portage County, Ohio? Do you suppose that perhaps they’d defend the First Amendment right of a 12-year-old mainstream newspaper to publish controversial opinion articles? Think again.
It took the Newhouse-owned Cleve-
ROBERT REICH Reich, secretary of labor, was one of the Jews mentioned in Jack Killey’s Gateway article.
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro fflV 24946
Free Speech for July 1996
land Plain Dealer about ten working days to run t lead editorial titled “One For the Fish,* written by PD staffer Carloyn Davis, a Jewess who in a personal whine piece once stated her wish that every gun be wiped off the face of the Earth (no liberal bias here). Carolyn was mad, and maybe a little jealous that 1 could write circles around her. She at least quoted die commentary's best sentence, which was that Clinton “seated enough white European males to ensure that America will be ruined in a competent, intelligent, and well-organized fashion." Otherwise it was the stock denunciation of “anti-Semitic . . . crap,* seething with horrified disbelief that anyone could suggest that Jews control America’s media. Let’s see, a Jewess writer for Ohio’s largest — and Jew-owned — newspaper attacks a rural Gentile-owned weekly in a lead editorial . . . doesn’t sound like control to me.
The Cleveland, Jewish News was even more generous, allotting a full page to editor Cynthia Dettelbach herself rather than an underling. An equally unexceptional attack it was, bristling with weasel words and broad smears, but contradicting none of the commentary’s content with opposing facts regarding Clinton’s appointees. 1 imagine the Jewish News, like most of the other Jewish organs in the country, ran bannered praise of Clinton's favoritism towards Jews in his administration. I guess it's only impolitic for Gentile publications to notice it, another point I made in the commentary.
This sort of notice by large media organs goes beyond “coverage” of a hot topic. Neither publication took any interest in the community served by the Gate-way and probably cared even less who we, the paper covering it, were.
The Newhouse-owned Akron Beacon Journal ran no editorial hate pieces, but they stayed on top of the unfolding events around that “anti-Semitic” newspaper in Streetsboro. The Plain Dealer nominally covered our county, but we beat them regularly in an area they usually assigned to worn-out hacks in their Summit County bureau. The point is, the sudden interest and overbearing coverage of a heretofore unnoticed region of their circulation area was looking mighty selective. We had touched on a topic that was , , , unpermitted. A Jewish topic. And they were going to make sure that the publication impertinent enough to raise the thorny issue of Jewish power in
the American oval office and the American media wouldn’t publish for long.
The point man in the effort — the visible one, anyway — was Jerry Brodsky, a Jewish principal in the largest and most affluent public school district in our county. His most recent claim to fame had been his opposition to the display of a Christmas tree at the predominantly Gentile school he governed.
Also an attorney and a resident of Beachwood, a heavily-Jewish and affluent Cleveland bedroom suburb, “Jerry the Jew,” as he became less-than-affection-ately known in the Gateway office, mounted a secondary advertising boycott against us, sending high minded letters to many of our advertisers warning them of the business to be lost if they continued to advertise with us. He wrote the letters under his legal letterhead, though he took care to remind recipients this wasn't official business (although he did remind them of his important position in the school district).
1 don't think Jerry the Jew really scared anyone off, but he kept up the momentum; the big advertisers who dropped us did so on their own hoof. Jewish Rite Aid CEO Alex G rass sud-
MICKEY KANTOR Kan tor was another one of Clinton’s Jewish appointees noted by Killey.
denly took a personal interest in th account of his rundown shop fit* miles from us and pulled their ads 7* daring his offense at the article in a lL to us; Jew Albert Klaben of Klaben Ai^ Stores, one of the region's biggest-voly^ auto-supply chains, was equally mifk and yanked his ads. Both were imports accounts. Several smaller but regular ai vertisers pulled one by one, and a large Cleveland-area grocery chain, Gentile, owned but with stores in heavily Jewish Cleveland suburbs, began shuffling their feet and “reconsidering” their account in phone calls and letters to my editor. Nervous local Gentile bankers and real-tors called with weak offers of continuing support, but whined about all the “bad publicity” we were getting.
We kept the boycott on the front page and started asking questions about the fine line between Jerry Brodsky’s personal tastes in reading and his duties as a public administrator. Was he using his position in the community to bolster the get-the-Gateway pogrom.7 Was he tapping out these letters on school time, or on school equipment.7 Word had it the school board and superintendent weren’t too crazy about Jerry’s crusade, and eventually he faded into the background.
But apparently he had replacements lined up. Dan Dyer, an English teacher at Brodsky’s school, and Dyer’s wife began firing off similarly outraged letters to our advertisers. It seemed a bit clubby at the very least that the next person in the community to pick up the torch happened to work for Jerry (who had also done some legal work for Dyer’s wife).
Anyway, why some of Dan’s and the missus* letters were in Jerry’s house still flummoxes me. (How do I know they were? Call it intuition.) 1 don’t route my correspondence through my boss’s house. Maybe it’s a Jewish thing. Mrs. Dyer didn’t know why either when I called to ask her, stammering, “Uh, uh, you’d, uh, better ask Dan that." I tried, but Dan never called back. At least Jerry called me once, but I don’t say anything of substance into speaker phones when I don’t know who else — maybe a better lawyer than Jerry — is in the room. (He said it was the only way the phone worked.)
1 can’t give Brodsky and company fall credit for sinking the Gateway Press, much as they’d probably enjoy it. We were used to a rather anemic income and
©1996 National Vanguard Boohs Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for July 1996
7
the until weekly otlunitin that iwiit any small enterprise! especially one compel* inf for ads and readership in what is probably called in the trade a "minor media market.* But as we found out, no market is too minor to manipulate when Jewish sensibilities are involved. The persistent strain of the boycott and attendant pressures on an already precarious balance-sheet took their toll. We cycled through ad reps and other personnel even foster than usual as commissions and morale sagged.
My editor/publisher, a woman with 25 years in the business and a well-deserved reputation for personal tenacity and a take-no-prisoners journalism style, did what she could to hold things together. But even the tough get tired. While not folly in agreement with me on the topic of Jewish media control, she refused my offer of resignation early on and continued to publicly defend her publication of my piece citing her longstanding commitment to print cogently-argued, if unpopular opinions of every stripe. But I don’t think even she, experienced in the business as she was, expected the virulent response my article generated.
When she called us into her office for the news of the sale to our competitor 1 thought back to a mysterious anonymous caller, a not-unfriendly and apparently Gentile woman with a patrician accent who contacted me early in the fray. She calmly told me the history of “the boycott," meaning not the current one against us but the historical prototype of it, and said, “Your paper will be out of business in eighteen months." It took, I think, fourteen.
What I found significant throughout this process was the outsized influence wielded by a small clique, and a clique who would normally have had no special interest in our paper or in our region, which is largely rural and probably 99 percent Gentile. Even had a genuine boycott been carried out its effect would have been negligible. Bad publicity seems to have been the boycott’s purpose; since the largest advertisers who pulled were Jews, a phone call to them from Brodsky or the Jewish Neu/s or the Cleveland ADL probably would have sufficed.
Another feature of the boycott that struck me was the powerlessness of our Gentile readers, many of whom were outraged by the attack on us. We weren’t
lacking in support from our readership, some of whom were courageous enough to register their agreement with the commentary in our letters column. 1 found encouraging the number of readers who told me privately their feelings on Jewish power in U.S. politics. Unfortunately, they didn’t wield the power the Jews do among U.S. merchandisers, bankers, car dealers, and realtors, the people whose ad dollars support small (and large) newspapers. It shouldn’t have surprised me.
I had to laugh at Carloyn Davis’s description of “Jewish media power" in the Plain Dealer editorial as a “bigoted buzz phrase that goes back decades." One doesn’t have to sample overtly “racist" writings to encounter references to Jewish media control, and they date back much farther than decades. When I see past allusions to Jewish press power from the pens of such august and “establishment" figures as historian W.E.H. Lecky, Winston Churchill, Hillaire Belloc, or Sir Richard Burton (among many others), two things cross my mind.
One is the casual manner of its mention, as though these writers are noting that the sky is blue. Lecky, for example, in his late nineteenth-century masterpiece “Democracy and Liberty," devotes a paragraph or two to Jewish domination of the Russian press under the Czars (he attributes at least some of the resentment the average Russian felt for the Jews during the pogroms to this influence). No earnest attempt is made to convince the reader of a doubtful precept, no long lists of proofs are proffered: not because they couldn’t be produced, one senses, but because it simply isn’t necessary to document what appears to have been a commonly-known fact among the less-numerous, but better-informed, literate members of earlier generations.
A more troubling thought that strikes me about this situation is that contemporary authors of comparative standing could not publish similar observations, or at least not without sudden relegation to vanity presses and maybe community college jobs. Probably only the eminence and the solid corpus of work produced by earlier authors, and perhaps less fear among Gentile publishers, allowed them to make such references without destroying their careers.
At any rate, Jewish press control is hardly a malicious myth that’s been propagated for decades (centuries?) by
anti-Semites; it it rather a truth that hat been relent!ettly obscured by increas-ingly powerful Jewith interest! within and outside the press. No one who has closely studied the pertinent history at any length can convincingly argue otherwise, even if the student limits himself to “permitted" books and authors rather than documents some find inherently questionable (i.e., the Protocols.) The extent to which an offending author is pushed to the margins or isolated from the public by a self-interested Jewish minority probably depends on a variety of factors, but one thing is certain: he won’t emerge from the process quite intact.
So what has this to do with the experiences of a small-time writer for a little newspaper in Streetsboro, Ohio? Only that I saw firsthand what happens and has happened to many writers who dare to write and publish on the fact of Jewish media and political influence. It was in one sense a privilege to be in courageous company living and dead: to be allocated the ire bestowed on people like Hillaire Belloc, G. K. Chesterton, William Pierce, Douglas Reed, and Wil-mot Robertson was a badge of honor of sorts.
In other senses, not least the sacrifice of a good newspaper on the altar of Jewish sensibilities, it was a tragedy. But not for me. Although it’s virtually certain that despite fifteen years of some pretty good journalism on my part, I’ll never work again for a “respectable” journal, given the litmus tests and the rules imposed by such publications, who would want to? If anything my experience in fifteen years in the field has been one of progressive distaste for the media, and in that sentiment at least I join a growing number of Americans.
Unfortunately, most readers and television viewers will probably continue to be guided by a thirst for entertainment and stimulation despite their stated disgust for the mainstream media. But there’s no doubt that awareness of the true nature and agenda of America’s “mainstream," i.e., Jewish, media is growing, and perhaps we can take a page from the Chosen Ones themselves when it comes to the retribution a committed and aligned minority can impose.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program u Media Control, Close-up," aired on June 29, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $11 postpaid.
©1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
H
FRFF. SPEECH for July 1996
What Liberals Don t
Understand
Both Terrorism and Random Violence Will Increase as Alienation Grows
by Dr. William Pierce
I was watching the television news one evening several weeks ago, and Bill Clinton came on and made a few comments about the rash of burnings of Black churches across the South. Mr. Clinton announced that he knew that White racism was responsible for the burnings. Organized hatred was behind it, he said, and it wouldn't be tolerated.
After that I waited for the newscaster to tell us about the evidence Mr. Clinton had that some sort of White racist con-spiracy was involved, but no evidence was presented. The newscaster just moved on to other news. I wondered at the time whether or not Mr. Clinton had some inside information, some secret which he didn't want to share with the public, because I wasn't sure at all that the burnings were an organized effort by White racists. I already had been following the news of the burnings for a few days myself, and I just didn’t see anything that suggested a White conspiracy. A boozed-up Ku Kluxer might have torched a Black church here or there, but the multi-state string of burnings just doesn't have the feel of the work of a White racist organization.
Apparently the secret police who were investigating the burnings figured that too. They learned in school that most cases of arson are associated with insurance fraud, and so they began questioning Blade parishioners and asking Black preachers to take lie-detector tests.
Well, sir, that caused an outburst of libera] indignation in the controlled media. The racist cops are blaming the victims! Quit investigating Blacks and start arresting White racists, the media were screaming. Don't worry about evidence. It's obvious that White racists are doing this, so start rounding them up. And Mr. Clinton's head secret police-
man, Janet Reno, threw a real tantrum. She called in the chief investigators, stamped her feet, and ordered them to stop investigating Blacks. White racists are responsible for the fires, she said. Now, go out and arrest some White racists!
And the media kept up their wailing about White racists burning Black churches. I have dozens of the most outrageous, bigoted, irrational newspaper clippings you can imagine on the subject. I’ll read excerpts from a couple of them, just to give you the flavor. A typical case was an editorial in the Char-leston Gazette, a raving-liberal West Virginia newspaper which is an embarrassment to an otherwise decent state. On June 18 the Charleston Gazette's editor wrote:
Raw racism seems to be the motive.
As we’ve said before, Americans generally are decent, compassionate people who don’t feel racial hate. But the nation still has a vein of bigotry — and a few racists are brutal enough to join hate groups such as the Ku Klux Klan or the Freemen.
Extreme bigots presumably are starting the fires, even though investigators haven't yet found evidence of an organized conspiracy. Our guess is that a few w hite rednecks, half drunk in a Southern roadhouse, see a TV report of a black church burning and decide to inflict the same punishment on blacks in their vicinity.
Churches are a natural target for race-haters. . . . Just because they're idiots doesn't mean they aren't disgusting criminals who must be locked in prison. The wave of black church fires has gripped the conscience of America. Leaders and groups at every level are calling for a national crackdown. Decent Americans who feel no hostility should lend their voices to the outcry and exert pressure until all the arsonists are prosecuted.
Well, well, well! Racism seems to be the motive. Bigots presumably are starting the fires. What the editor of the Char-leston Gazette really means is that he
hopes White racists are burning the churches, so that they can be caught and punished — severely. He’s praying that a racist conspiracy will be discovered, so that it can be stamped out, hopefully with a high body count. And as for “Americans who feel no hostility,” he clearly is not among them.
Or consider this bit of rabid commentary by Washington Post columnist Carl Rowan. It was in the June 13 edition of the Post and was titled “Church Bombers and The Turner Diaries.” Mr. Rowan wrote:
I think that there is a grotesque conspiracy to “save the white race" afoot in America, and that the church bombings [sic] are part of a plot to provoke blacks to react violently, thus giving all the hate groups in the land an excuse to uncover their caches of weapons and use them against blacks and against whites who sympathize with blacks.
I have turned anew to The Turner Diaries, the revolutionary “ bible" of the Montana Freemen, the Aryan Supremacists, and the militiamen and others who threaten to "solve the race problem'' by killing blacks, Jews, and liberals. This little 210-page book written by West Virginia professor William Pierce under the pseudonym Andrew Macdonald is the most diabolically violent plan for solving America's racial and social problems that I have ever read.
Mr. Rowan follows with a long extract from The Turner Diaries — a book I wrote, incidentally — to prove Kis point, and then he concludes:
The bigots who seek to destroy "the system" clearly believe that even if they burned 10,000 black churches, most of "the white race" would side with them if outraged blacks or their Federal protectors took up arms against the arsonists. Federal authorities know this; thus their caution, even timidity, in cracking down on the Freemen, or the rash of new hate groups, or the w eird souls w ho are stock-piling weapons they expect to use against their state and Federal governments.
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Th# church bombings reflect a race madness that Is far worse than we want to think It Is. A lot more people are In grave danger than those who worship In black churches.
So, what do we have here? Hatred and hostility, stemming from fear, in the Charleston Gazette; galloping paranoia, stemming from fear, in the Washington fbst And these two examples are pretty typical of the liberal response everywhere to the church burnings.
The facts are not yet all in, but the arson cases which have been solved to date suggest something quite different from Bill Clinton’s or Carl Rowan’s as-sumption of a White racist conspiracy or even the Charleston Gazette's assumption of groups of White rednecks wanting to punish Blacks.
Alabama Fire Marshal John Robison has investigated 38 cases of arson or suspected arson of churches in Alabama since 1991. Of those 38 churches, 15 were Black churches, and 23 were White, and he’s found no evidence of racial motives in any of the burnings. In one case, that of the Antioch A.M.E. Church in Fort Deposit, Alabama, the Black female minister was charged with burning her own church. I quote Fire Marshal Robison: “The pastor was upset with the congregation about money; she felt she didn’t get paid enough," he said.
Last month, on June 18, four Black children, aged 12 and under, were arrested for setting a fire in a Black church in Florence, South Carolina. Of 27 church fires which have been investigated in South Carolina since 1991, 12 fires were in White churches and 15 of them were in Black churches, and a total of six Whites and six Blacks have been arrested in connection with those 15 burnings of Black churches.
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation has investigated seven church burnings in Georgia during the past 18 months. Six of the seven churches had White congregations. The one Black church which was burned, in February 1995, was torched by a Black juvenile.
On June 19 of this year two Black men were arrested in Columbus County, North Carolina, and charged with burning a building on the grounds of the Black Mount Tabor Baptist Church. The previous week a 12-year-old White girl was arrested for setting a fire which de-
Free Speech for July 1996
strayed an abandoned building on the grounds of a Black church in Charlotte, North Carolina. The 12-year*old White girl was said to be emotionally troubled, but I have not heard that she was part of any racist conspiracy.
Now, all of this seems to me to be pretty inconclusive evidence — certainly not the sort of evidence to suggest a White racist conspiracy — although I wouldn’t bet that Mr. Clinton’s BATF goons and his FBI goons can’t find some kind of conspiracy, if they try hard enough to please their boss.
The hysterical reaction of the liberals to these church burnings suggests several things to me. First, liberals want there to be a White conspiracy behind it, because that would tend to confirm their theory about race relations generally: namely, whenever things don’t work the way liberal theory says they should work, the reason is White racism. That’s the only Politically Correct explanation: White racism. Second, they really believe there is a White conspiracy, because so many of their plans have been going wrong lately that they’re becoming a little paranoid. Third, they’re frightened; it’s clear that more and more people are turning against the government these days, or at least losing faith in the government, and the government is the only protection which stands between the liberals and the wrath of the heterosexual White males they have treated so contemptuously for so long. It is this liberal fear, I believe, which explains the increasing level of viciousness and hatred we are seeing in liberal condemnations of the government's enemies.
Do you remember the way most of the controlled media treated the standoff between the FBI and the Montana Freemen which ended last month? The Freemen had some really nutty religious ideas — just as David Koresh’s Branch Davidi-ans at Waco did — and they had some even nuttier ideas about finance and economics. They figured that they had just as much right to issue money and set up banks as the Federal Reserve system had, and so that’s what they did — which, of course, was technically a violation of the law. But they hadn’t hurt anyone and had no intention of hurting anyone. They just wanted to be left alone. Yet the controlled media and the liberal commentators were angry that the FBI didn’t go storming onto their ranch with
9
tanks, flamethrowers, and helicopter gunships. The liberal media wanted blood. The liberal media hated the Free-
Why is that?
I'll tell you why. The liberals hated the Freemen, because the Freemen had challenged the authority of the government. There’s hardly anything that frightens a liberal more than the thought of losing the government’s backing, the government’s muscle for forcing the public to submit to liberal policies and programs. The liberals have built up an unnatural coalition of minorities and abnormal people — a coalition of Blacks and other racial minorities, of homosexuals, of militant feminists, of perennial welfare recipients of all races — to keep a grip on government. They have built a coalition of people who depend on the government to guarantee their special privileges and protections. This is the coalition which put Bill Clinton into office.
If normal people — if White, heterosexual, working men and women — were allowed to just tell the government to go to hell, the way the Freemen did, the whole liberal house of cards would come tumbling down. People would be free to hire or fire or rent to or not rent to anyone they wanted. Schools could set their own admission policies. People who have come to feel that they are entitled to a handout from the government would suddenly be faced with the prospect of working for a living or starving. Perverts of various sorts would suddenly find themselves shunned by normal, decent people and would have to retreat back into their closets.
And what could the liberals do to save their skins? Where could they hide to escape retribution for what they have done to our society these past 50 years or so? Where could they run that the lynch mobs wouldn't find them?
That’s why they hate anyone who threatens the authority of the Federal government. That's why they're terrified by the idea of people just deciding to opt out of the system.
You know, if there is any conspiracy connected to the burnings of Black churches, it is a conspiracy among liberals and Blacks to use the burnings to bludgeon White Americans with more White guilt, with more demands to out-
men.
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboio WV 24946
Free Speech for July 1996
kw racism and make still more concessions to non-Whites. Virtually every news report and every editorial in the controlled media about a church burning has attributed the burning to White racism. Some of them even say something like, "The police haven’t caught the White racist who did this yet, but we know it had to be a White racist." And, of course, the news reporting on this subject is very selective. If they catch a White suspect, it’s front-page news. If they catch a Black suspect, it’s buried in the classified section. And if it’s a White church that burns instead of a Black church, it doesn’t even make the national news.
And this White guilt campaign seems to be working with some folks. Various White Christian groups have been rending their garments and beating their breasts and crying, “Mea culpa! Mea culpa!" Ralph Reed, the head of the Christian Coalition, one of the largest fundamentalist Christian groups in the country, fell into that trap last month. He went to an association of Black preachers
in the South with his hat in his hand and essentially accepted White Christian responsibility for the burnings of Black churches.
This is the same sort of guilt racket the Jews have been working for the past 50 years. They’ve been saying, in effect, “You could have stopped the Holocaust if you had really cared about us, but you didn’t. You let the Germans gas us. And so now you owe us." It worked for the Jews, so why not for the Blacks?
Now, please note that I’m not saying that Blacks or liberals are in an organized conspiracy to burn Black churches. I’m saying that it certainly looks like the liberals are in a conspiracy to use the burnings for their own ends by misrepresenting them in their news coverage and commentary.
My guess is that what we’re seeing in these burnings is simply an increase in random violence as our society continues to decay under liberal policies. Today it’s churches, because churches, being unoccupied most of the time, are easy targets. Six months from now it could be empty
school buildings — or banks or whatevei the fad happens to be at the time. This is something I predicted 20 years ago in my book, The Turner Diaries, just as I predicted a great increase in political terrorism. We're certainly seeing the increase in terrorism: the World Trade Center bombing, the Oklahoma City bombing, the Unabomber, the bombing in Saudi Arabia. And I think we’ll see a lot more random violence and destruction like these church burnings — not because of White racism, but because the policies of the liberals and the mass media and the government are destroying our society, alienating our people, and causing more and more individuals to lash out violently, in one way or another.
The liberals and the minorities and freaks who make up their coalition can’t understand this. To a homosexual or a militant feminist or a liberal booster of the New World Order this is the best of times. Things have never been better. We have more of their beloved diversity than ever before; more multicultural ism; more miscegenation; more democracy; more
Free Speech for July 1996
11
degeneracy in art, literature, and music; more permissiveness and depravity in our social life. Everything is more cosmopolitan, everything is more Jewish than ever before. There has never been another time when one could see so many racially mixed couples on the streets, never another time when homosexuals and their life-style have been held up to such public admiration, never another time when there were two Jews and a Negro on the Supreme Court, never another time when half of the President's cabinet consisted of Jews and other minorities. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful! How could anyone be against such things? Except, of course, those awful heterosexual White males, those awful White racists!
They don’t understand why we hate their government, why we hate them, why we hate what they’ve done to our civilization and to our people. But they do know that we hate them. And they are frightened.
They are mistaken, of course, when they blame us for every blow that is struck against them. They don’t understand that a great many ordinary people without any real sense of purpose or any racial feeling one way or another — even many Blades — are frustrated and unhappy and alienated in this unnatural society that the liberals have forced on all of us, and that more and more of these alienated people are striking out randomly at any target they can find.
No, the liberals don’t understand that — but, believe me, they will see more and more of this random, purposeless violence, just as they will see more and more very purposeful terrorism. And in their bigotry and their fear and their lack of understanding the/11 continue to blame everything on organized White racism. But one day — one day before too long — understanding will come to the liberals. It will come on the day that they have been having nightmares about. It will come on the day when an awakened White public rises up and begins a great deansing of this land of ours.
This article u based on the American Disti' deni Voices program “What Liberals Don't Understand,’’ aired on luly 7, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is avail' able from National Vanguard Books for SI 2 postpaid.__________
For
Subscribers
Only
You may have received this copy of FREE SPEECH as a sample issue. If you are not already a subscriber, subscriptions are $40 for twelve issues, and $300 if you would also like to receive weekly cassettes of our American Dissident Voices radio broadcasts.
One benefit of a subscription is quantity discounts on many of our publications, normally available only to book dealers. Discounts are available to subscribers on the following titles only:
Title	Catalog	Price
GUN CONTROL IN GERMANY....................$12.00
BEST OF ATTACK AND NATIONAL VANGUARD. .$16.95
HUNTER....................................$5.95
SERPENT’S WALK.............................$6.95
TURNER DIARIES............................$12.95
ANY AUDIO CASSETTE.........................$9.95
Number of copies (titles may be combined)	Discount
10 to 24 copies...............................40%
25 to 99 copies...............................45%
100 to 499 copies.............................50%
Please note—Shipping charges on quantity purchases are $3 for the first item and 25 cents for each additional item, up to 99 items. For 100 items or more, shipping is free. Shipping charges must be included with your remittance. All quantity sales are final and on a non-returnable
basis.
Outside of the United States, orders are payable by check in US dollars on a US bank, and shipping is $3 for the first item, and $1 for each additional item, regardless of the number.
National Vanguard Books, Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946. USA
<01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsbwo WV 24946
Free Speech for July 1996
12
A-Hoaxing We Will Go
A Litany of Ersatz Racist Incidents
by Kevin Alfred Strom
For the information contained in this article 1 am indebted to the many correspondents who have sent me news items through the mail and on the Internet, to Laird Wilcox’s published work The Hoaxer Project, to fellow broadcaster Jim Floyd, to the Aryan News Agency, and to many others who have contributed to my "hoax archive."
Before 1 begin, let me make a comment or two about fires in Black churches. If there is — and I doubt that there is — but if there is anyone out there who thinks that he is on my side who is setting fire to the places of worship of churchgoing Blacks, such a person does more to hurt the cause of White separatism than ten Simon Wiesenthals. Such a person is not on my side. The fact that these arsons serve so splendidly the I anti-racist" cause should give one pause to think “cui bono?" — who benefits?
Let’s examine a few specific cases while we keep that important question in mind.
In November, 1990, 150 University of Washington students joined in an "anti-racism" rally. Chanting, "Hey ho, hey ho, racism has got to go," carrying banners and marching on the office of the university’s president, they demanded that “justice be done" in the case of a racially motivated attack by Whites on an Asian student named Darres Park.
According to Park, he and two White friends had been minding their own business one day in October, when Park had been set upon by three Whites wielding tire irons and baseball bats. The White attackers held off Park’s friends, while a crowd of racist Whites gathered and cheered the attackers on, some chanting, "Brain the gook!" According to Park, if it weren’t for his knowledge of the martial arts, the "racists* might have been successful in killing him.
Darres Park became a national hero
in the "anti-racist" crusade, attracting media attention around the nation and even getting a mention in the International Herald Examiner.
Then his story started to unravel, as did his reputation.
Seattle police were stunned by the ferocity of accusations by Park and his “anti-racist" cheering section that police had bungled the investigation of this “hate crime." So law enforcement officials stepped up their investigation of all the personalities and circumstances surrounding this alleged incident. They discovered that a friend of Park’s, who supposedly had been with him when the initial report of the attack was made, now claimed that no such report was ever given to police. Secondly, it was discovered that Park’s wrist had never been broken as he had claimed. Inquiries among Park’s fellow students revealed that very few of them believed Park’s story, and most had doubted it from the very beginning.
Further investigation revealed that Park may have been trying to create “victim status" for himself to get public sympathy. He was going to need all the public sympathy he could get, since the Seattle police subsequently discovered evidence leading them, on December 13, to charge Darres Park with three armed bank robberies in Seattle and Battle Ground, Washington. Charged along with Park, as accomplice in the bank robberies, was Joseph Fritz, one of Park’s “White friends” who supposedly “witnessed" the attack and supported Park’s claims in statements to police.
Perhaps the wildest statement to emerge from the Park affair was one by Darres Park’s defense lawyer in the bank robbery case, Robert Leen, who said that Park may have robbed the banks because of brain damage sustained in the “racial assault."
Cui bono? Who benefits?
In the predominantly Jewish neighborhoods of Borough Park and Flatbush
in Brooklyn, New York, rocks were thrown through windows of eight Jewish-owned shops. News media across the nation reacted with alarm, comparing the incidents to “Nazi atrocities" and calling for increased vigilance against “anti-Semitism." Jewish pressure groups demanded and got increased police patrols in their neighborhoods. The Jewish mayor of New York City at the time, Ed Koch, offered a $10,000 reward for the perpetrator. The Jewish Community Relations Council offered a $5,000 reward. Finally, the police made an arrest in the case, and charged the suspect with 14 counts of felonies and misdemeanors relating to this supposed “hate crime.”
Tire arrestee was a 38-year-old Jew named Gary Dworkin. As in most such cases, it was alleged by the Jewish community that Dworkin was mentally ill and deserved more sympathy than punishment.
Cui bono? Who benefits?
In Hartford, Connecticut, suspicious fires occurred at two synagogues and at the homes of Rabbi Solomon Krupka and Jewish State Representative Joan Kemler. Again comparisons were made in the media to “Nazi” terrorism against Jews in Germany.
All across the nation, legislatures were lobbied for passage of “hate crime" laws, with the supposedly “anti-Semitic* fires in Hartford being a focus of concern. Armed Jewish Defense League thugs patrolled the streets of West Hartford. Police staked out whole square blocks and waited for another incident to occur.
Finally, the police had their suspect and his confession to all four arsons. The perpetrator was none other than Barry Dov Schuss, a 17-year-old Jewish student, who had confessed to Rabbi Krupka days before he told the truth to police. If a real “anti-Semite" had been apprehended and convicted, the total sentence could have amounted to virtually life in prison. But Schuss was a good Jewish boy. Schuss
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
Free Speech for July 1996
13
stated to all who would listen that he had been an avid reader of literature on the •Holocaust,* and freely admitted that he had set the fires to awaken the public to the dangers of * anti-Semitism." Schuss received a suspended sentence, probation, and the ubiquitous — in these cases — psychiatric treatment.
Cui bo no? Who benefits?
In New York City there is a large housing cooperative called Co-op City. A tew years ago the residents there were shocked to discover the presence of "anti-Semitic" graffiti and swastikas "daubed* on the doors and walls of 51 different apartments.
Once again the "anti-racist" publicity machine went into action, and the spray-painting incident was publicized widely as another incident of “racism” and “hate." A $3,500 reward was offered for information leading to the apprehension of the "racists."
Subsequently two Jewish youths were charged with the vandalism, after it had been determined that they lied to police and had also tried to collect the reward money by turning in someone else. According to police, these same Jews are also suspected of several other “racist" and “anti-Semitic" incidents which had been publicly attributed to “racists."
Cui bono? Who benefits?
In Basel, Switzerland, local Jews were frightened by an ongoing campaign of anti-Jewish graffiti, harassment, and death threats. Police investigation revealed that the sole culprit in these incidents was a 23-year-old Jewish medical student named Philip Gotchel, member of a prominent Jewish family in the area. If Gotchel had not been discovered, who would have been blamed for these incidents?
Cui bono? Who benefits?
You may remember a few years ago the case of the phony populist TV talk host Morton Downey, Jr. Downey, while he is not as far as 1 know Jewish, is a rabid "anti-racist." In this incident, Downey, desperate for publicity and to prove his suffering for the “anti-racist" cause, claimed to have been attacked by "racist skinheads" in a San Francisco Airport restroom. Patches of hair were torn from his scalp and a swastika was painted on his face, though some early reports had it that it was "carved* on his face. Later the same day, Downey ap-
peared on television with a much larger swastika painted on his face than when he originally reported the incident. He emotionally detailed his suffering at the hands of the "racists." Witnesses in the restroom and security personnel stationed near the door reported nothing unusual at the time that Downey claimed he was attacked. The police investigators declared the entire incident to be a fabrication and a hoax. Though Downey never admitted his lies, he later stated that he was “drunk" at the time and no longer remembered the attack.
Cui bono? Who benefits?
A few years ago in San Leandro, California, a Black church, the Manor Baptist Church, was aflame, smoke pouring from its offices and library. Investigators smelled both kerosene and gasoline in the ruins — almost certain signs of arson. When they found “racist" graffiti in the church, they were sure: “What we have here is a hate crime," stated police Lt. James O’Meara. But what they had there wasn’t anything of the kind, as it turned out. It turns out that a deacon of the church, Brother Shawn Ragan, who was also the former principal of the church school and treasurer, had embezzled some $20,000 from the church and had lit the fire to cover his tracks. When
MORTON DOWNEY, Jr. Media badboy Downey thought that faking a racist attack would help his sagging career.
confronted with the truth, Brother Shawn admitted: “I sprayed the graffiti to make them think the arson was racially motivated."
Cui bono? Who benefits?
The media reverberated with rhetoric like “the spectre of Germany’s violent Nazi past haunted its present" when a young German girl in a wheelchair reported that “neo-Nazi skinheads" had attacked her and carved a swastika on her face. The police spoke to the media, believing and quoting the girl’s story, saying that the German skinheads had waited for the girl to come out of a public toilet for the handicapped, and when she appeared threatened her with a knife and ordered her to shout, “Heil Hitler — gas the cripples." When she refused, the skinheads then carved a swastika in her face with the knife.
The attack was a cause celebre in the media, and the politicians enthusiastically and predictably joined in the chorus. A new law was introduced increasing penalties for such offenses. According to a Reuters news report:
German Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger said, “In this way the protection of the handicapped and foreign residents against right-wing extremist violence will be considerably improved."
A crowd of 15,000 jammed the central square of the town where the attack occurred, calling for stronger laws against “hate." The images of this rally were carried into millions of homes around the world via television and newsprint, and the heart-rending story of the poor, handicapped girl was imprinted on almost everyone’s consciousness. Even the Vatican was induced to make a statement on the incident. Four thousand copies of composite sketches of the skinhead attackers were distributed, and at least 100 police officers were diverted to solving this important case.
But then something happened. The doctors who examined the girl found that the cuts on her face appeared to be self-inflicted. People who were near the public toilet at the time of the alleged attack had seen nothing. The attack occurred on a busy street at a busy time of day, but no other witnesses had come forward to corroborate the girl’s story, despite the extremely heavy publicity. After a full investigation, the state prosecu-
©1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
14
tot wki forced to admit that the attack was a hoax and that the git) had mutilated hertelf. The girl, who was only identified as "Elke J,* was not charged when the truth was revealed. Instead, the provincial Justice Minister appealed to citizens to have "understanding" for the gill
A newspaper columnist speculated that Elke may have been given the idea by a recent "anti-racist" television series on German television called "The Ticking Bomb," which featured a scene in which "neo-Nazis* carve a swastika into a woman's cheek.
In the wake of these revelations, police in Germany admitted that some other, less publicized cases of "hate crimes* were also hoaxes committed by persons seeking attention and/or insurance money.
Cui bono? Who benefits?
Not long after the case of Elke J, a Black girl living in Bavaria described how she had been attacked by neo-Nazis who stabbed her with a knife while chanting, "This is what we do to foreigners." After the police investigated, it was revealed that the girl had sliced herself with a razor and that she and about twenty of her friends and associates had plotted to fake " hate crimes" after hearing about the case of Elke J.
Cui bono? Who benefits?
At about the same time, a 20-year-old woman, whose name and ethnicity have not been revealed, reported that she had been attacked by "neo-Nazis" on the Berlin subway. She stated that the "neo-Nazis* had cut her on the neck with a razor blade, which they also used to carve a swastika on her body.
When police investigated her story, they found several contradictions. When confronted with these discrepancies, the woman admitted she had faked the assault.
Cui bono? Who benefits?
Last January in the German city of Uibeck, arsonists burned a hostel for mosdy non-White asylum seekers. The media worldwide decried the "racist and fascist massacre" caused by "rightwing extremists.” Marches and vigils were held by self-righteous Germans demanding an end to "anti-foreigner violence." The German police investigated, zeroed in on their suspect, and made an arrest not of a White "racist," but of a Lebanese
Free Speech for July 1996
man who himself lived in the hostel with his family.
Cui bono? Who benefits?
German police, charged with enforcing laws against forbidden opinions and points of view, are sometimes taken in by hoaxers, as when recently they began an investigation to discover a German organization of "racists" using the robes and imagery of the American Ku Klux Klan.
They were clued into this group by a television documentary showing alleged hidden camera footage of the group, wearing robes and burning a cross. The program was produced by well-known filmmaker Michael Born, who, the investigation eventually revealed, had paid some of his friends to dress up in Klan robes and stage a cross-burning. The investigators say Born did this because he knew that broadcast executives were eager to denounce racism, and he gladly made phony news films to satisfy their demand.
According to prosecutors, Born has made at least 22 supposed documentaries and sold them to German television in the last five years. Born did not deny that he had fictionalized, faked, and baldly lied in his “documentaries," but excused himself with the claim that “Many others do it, too," and that the network bosses encouraged him to do so.
Cui bono? Who benefits?
Who benefits, indeed? The fight to stamp out “racism" shares many characteristics with the fight to stamp out witchcraft of three hundred years ago. The image in the popular mind of the “evil ones" is almost entirely fictional. The crimes the evil ones are accused of committing are often found to be nonexistent, or fantastic inventions, or. incredible inversions of reality. If you are accused of being an evil one, a fair trial is impossible no matter what the actual charge. Accusations of being an evil one are a sure way to destroy business or political rivals.
The ruling elites embrace the hysteria with open arms, for it harnesses the fears and ignorance of the mob to destroy any and all whom the elites want to destroy, without the necessity for messy things like proof or an appearance of fairness. The passions of the boobs can of course be manipulated with much more precision in our age of all-embracing media
than they could three centuries ago. Joe Sixpack will, without too much prompting, call for or at least acquiesce in the lynching of whomever his television set declares a "racist.”
So a-hoaxing they will go. The elites will go a-hoaxing since they want to destroy and demonize their political opposition.
The neo-Marxists and non-White racial activists will go a-hoaxing whenever they think it is to their advantage, because they know that the power structure will seldom call them on the carpet. Plus they can always count on their commu-nitity's support no matter how outlandish their claims and demands are. And since the whole “equality” and multiracialism swindle is based on lies and fabrications to begin with, hoaxing of one kind or another is standard operating procedure for them.
And, of course, there are many whiners and losers and pathological anti-White misfits and attention-starved morons who are bright enough to figure out that one sure way to get sympathy and attention and even possibly celebrity and money is to become the latest victim of big, bad “White racism." They will certainly go a-hoaxing many, many times before the fall of the empire.
People such as myself, people who care about the future of our race, have virtually no influence in the halls of power in this country. We can't stop the hoaxers, and most of the time we can’t expose them by ourselves either. All we have is a few honest police officers and reporters to do the exposing, and there are damned few of them around anymore. But thank God there are a few! In some cases, exposers of these hoaxes have been accused of “racism," and considering what such accusations can do to a career in the media or public service, it is a near miracle that any get exposed at all. Under such circumstances, it is reasonable to assume that there are many hoaxes as yet unexposed.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “AHoaxing We Will Go," aired on July 13,1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid.
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946
SPEECH for July 1996
15
Front (Printed in red and black on 100% cotton white shirt)
What will you do when they come to take your guns?
Warning: The FBI Hat labeled thit th« most dangerous book In Amorloa
MOIIsmI VMisused nooks, ** t*l MO. NMIsSoro, WV 14S4S MOasewMlvsbCom IMpdwwwMlakcMi
Now that you have the book Why not wear the shirt?
THE
From the
NATIONAL SHIRT COMPANY
QUANTITY	ITEM • SIZE	PRICE EA.	EXTENSION
	SMALL, MED,LARGE, X-LARGE	13.50	
	XX-LARGE	14.50	
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
•Shipping: Please allow for delivery time and ten Subtotal working days (or personal checks. The TURNER ‘Shipping DIARIES shirts. shlDDina charges are $3.50 for			
			
Total
the first shirt and $1.00 for each aditional shirt.
NATIONAL SHIRT COMPANY
P.O. Box 760 • Maugansville, MD 21767
Date___________________Phone__________
Message on the back (in black)
This shirt is screenprlnted by
the company that produced the book cover art
SHIP TO
ADDRESS. CITY____
-STATE
ZIP.
ORDERED BY
©1996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946


w
Where .will she find it?
On Jewish-con trolled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In newspapers and magazines, where the same alien control prevails?
In her classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where she stands a one-in-four chance of being raped, probably by a non-White?
We are here to make sure that more and more young people like her will have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed word. We are the men and women of the National Alliance.
To learn more, send $1 for our informative book and tape catalog.
NATIONAL ALLIANCE P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
ICSEY AM/FM (Wichita Falls/Seymour, Texas area): Every Saturday 830 a.m., 94.3 FM; and 10 ajn., 1230 AM.
KMTL (Little Rock and most of Afkan-sas)Every Saturday 10 a m., 760 AM.
WAJF and WYAM (Hurrtsviite/Decatur/Hart-tefte, Alabama areas): Every Wednesday 9 ajn., 1490 and 890 AM.
WTIS (Tampa Bay area): Every Saturday 1130 am., 1110 AM.
WALE (Southern New England): Every Saturday, 1030 a.m., 990 AM.
WBDN (Tampa/St Petersburg and much of central Florida): Every Saturday 430 p.m., 760 AM
KXEL: Monday through Friday, 9:30 p.m. Central Time, 1540 AM.
Satellite Channel
Listen to American Dissident Voices anywhere in North America, every Saturday from 6 to 7 p.m. Central Time on G7, channel 14, 7.56 audio.
Free Speech and American Dissident Voices on the Internet Our World Wide Web sites: http://www.natvan.com http://www .natall.com
WRNO: This shortwave station serves North America and the world; every Saturday at 1130 a.m. Central Time on 15420 kHz, and every Saturday at 8 p.m. Central Time on 7355 kHz.
• Listen. . .
...every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in gray. Send $4 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Fme Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of our radio schedule are available at $3 for 20 copies, $7 for 100 copies, or $30 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946