FREE SPEECH • SEPTEMBER 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. IX
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Killing Little Children
Dr. William Pierce
Bosch/Bin Laden
Dr. William Pierce
Bat Guano and “Hate Speech”
Dr. William Pierce
Jewish
Democracy
Dr. William Pierce
Killing Little Children
The shooting at the Jewish com-munity center in Los Angeles hap-pened a couple of days before I prepared my broadcast last week, and I thought that I would just skip it, that I would not comment on it, either in that broadcast or in the future. But I have had many calls from reporters asking for comments on the shooting, and I have watched some of the news coverage of the shooting, and 1 have changed my mind. I believe that the thing which prompted me most strongly to make a comment was listening to a televised statement by Janet Reno on the shooting. What a woman! A fitting colleague for Madeleine Albright! The only thing wrong with Janet Reno is that she's not a Jewess. That's a shame, because she certainly would qualify on the grounds of mendacity and overall crookedness.
Several things our Attorney General said brought me to the boiling point, but probably the statement
which made the strongest impression on me was to the effect that we must learn how to resolve our disputes without violence, that we all must
Janet Reno
respect each other as fellow human beings and learn to live together in peace. She said that with a straight face, without even cracking a smile or suppressing a giggle. She said it as if she really meant it, this business about resolving our disputes without violence and about learning to live together in peace. I mean this was coming from a member of the inner circle of the Clinton administration. This was coming from a high official of the government which a few short weeks ago was dropping cluster bombs on Serb schools anti hospitals in order to force the Serb government to conduct Serbia's internal affairs in accord with the demands of the New World Order gang.
And you don't have to remind me of the Clinton government's excuse that the bombing of Serb schools and hospitals was a “mistake.” That was the same excuse the Los Angeles shooter, Buford Furrow, used. 1 le said that he didn't intend to
2
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
© 1999 S National Vanguard Books • Box 330 f Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
General Wesley Kanne Clark
shoot Jewish children; he merely wanted to shoot up the community center, and the children just happened to get in the way. Every time the Clinton gang killed a bunch of Serb civilians they said they hadn't done it on purpose, but that the civilians just got in the way and were hit accidentally.
Now, I am sure that often the pilots accidentally hit the wrong target with their bombs and missiles, but the fact is that when the planes were loaded with cluster bombs and then sent over Belgrade, somebody in the Clinton administration was planning to kill Serb civilians. If you drop cluster bombs on any populated area, the result will be maimed and killed children. The cluster bombs were not a
“mistake.” They were deliberately chosen as a part of the munitions used against the Serbs to destroy their will to defend themselves against the Clinton administration's aggression: violent, armed aggression, on a far bigger scale than anything Buford Furrow could even dream of doing.
One other thing to remember now is that the war against Serbia was essentially a Jewish war. Every major Jewish organization in America — the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, the American Jewish Congress, you name it — they all advocated the war; nearly every high official of the Clinton government engaged in the conduct of the war — Madeleine Albright, William Cohen, Sandy Berger, General Wesley Kanne
Clark — is a Jew; and the Jewish mass media did their damnedest to build public support for the war and hatred against die Serbs. But I do not remember any apologies or expressions of regret from the Jews when American cluster bombs killed Serb children. The attitude was, “Well, that's too bad, we didn't deliberately target Serb children, but that's what you get when you don't do what we tell you to do. If you don't like it, just surrender to us now.”
That was Janet Reno's attitude a few weeks ago. And if we want to remember a litde further back, Janet Reno was the Clinton administration's chief thug in charge of the murderous attack on the Branch Davidian church in Waco, Texas, in 1993 which resulted in burning to death nearly 100 church members, including 17 children and led to the Oklahoma City bombing two years later, in which another 15 or so children were killed. Janet Reno thought her burning of the Branch Davidian church was OK. Her murder of all those people, including 17 children, was OK, because, first, they were oddballs, social outcasts, people who weren't in favor with the media, just a nutty little cult which wanted to be left alone; and second, they refused to obey the Clinton government's orders. So there were no apologies. There was no admission of wrongdoing for her leading role in that violent and murderous assault on the Branch Davidian church.
But when some nutcase Christian Identity kook shoots up a Jewish community center without even killing anyone — hey, that's suddenly an opportunity for this cold-blooded “butch” of an excuse for a woman to begin preaching about how we all must learn to live together without violence. That sort of hypocrisy really irritates me.
Do you remember what Timothy McVeigh, the convicted Oklahoma City bomber, said when the Clinton government sentenced him to die? He said, in essence, that the government sets the example for the people. The government teaches the people by its actions. When the government is lawless and shows its contempt for life, then this will provoke lawless behavior and contempt for life on the part of the citizens.
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
3
Timothy McVeigh
And you know, that's true. We have a violent, aggressive, murderous government. The government taught everyone by its example in Waco and at Ruby Ridge and in Serbia and in a hundred other places. And so we should not be surprised when some citizens react in a violent and lawless way to the government's example rather than taking Janet Reno's hypo-critically pious mouthings to heart.
Janet Reno, of course, wasn't the only hypocrite interviewed by the media in connection with the Los Angeles shooting. They trotted out all of their famiiiar “experts” — most of them Jews — to discuss the question of why we're experiencing so much more violent behavior these days. Why are so many heterosexual White males acting up, causing trouble, and doing violent things? Why can't these awful heterosexual White males be nice, like everyone else in the wonder* fill multicultural salad the Clintonis-tas are blending?
And we heard every explanation except the correct one, and that is that as alienation grows, so does violent, antisocial behavior. As more and more heterosexual White males feel that they're being dispossessed, being edged out, being marginalized so that homosexuals, feminists, and other minorities can have a bigger slice of the pie, some of them react violendy.
How do you reduce the amount of antisocial behavior? You reduce the degree of alienation. You try to rebuild the spirit of community, of solidarity, of belonging that we used to have in American society 50 years ago: the spirit of community and solidarity ana belonging which has been destroyed by the policies of these same “experts.” Every one of these Jewish “experts” on violence is in favor of continued non-White immigration, more “diversity,” more racial mixing, more multiculturalism, and all the other policies which have broken down the ordered, homogeneous White society we used to have in America, a society in which most White people felt they had a place, whether it was at the top of the social ladder or at the bottom or somewhere in between. They had roots in the society. They felt a part of it. But that is much less the case today than it was 50 years ago, because of the government policies which Janet Reno as attorney general is enforcing, and the consequences are showing up.
One other thing about the Janet Reno statement which irked me was her use of the Los Angeles shooting as one more reason why we need to scrap the Second Amendment. Too many people have guns, she said. We have to stop the proliferation of guns, et cetera. This is the woman who presides over the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which is the government's strong arm of compulsion. Janet Reno sics the FBI on landlords who show reluctance to rent apartments to homosexual couples. She sends the FBI around to put the handcuffs on employers who have failed to hire enough Haitians or mestizos. The FBI, which 50 years ago used to spend its time chasing bank
robbers, solving kidnappings, and catching foreign espionage agents, is used these days to spy on people who have been overheard expressing Politically Incorrect thoughts. It is the agency which will be used to haul these people off to jail after the Jews succeed in having a Federal “hate speech” law enacted.
And the FBI has been growing rapidly recendy. Janet Reno lobbies the Congress for bigger and bigger appropriations for the FBI, and each year she has more hired guns on the government payroll for use against the citizenry. It is not surprising that the citizenry is stocking up on guns in response: at least, that part of the citizenry which has the same feeling
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
about firearms the Founding Fathers did, namely, that one of their principal functions is to keep the government from getting out of hand.
Of course, astute observers understand that the government has been out of hand for a long time and that it'll take much more than a few thousand citizens with assault rifles to get it back in hand again. But the word hasn't yet trickled down to a lot of patriots, and so they keep on stocking up on assault rifles and ammunition, and Janet Reno keeps putting more armed thugs on the government payroll, while the Jews in the Congress and the media work on getting guns away horn the citizens so that Janet's thugs will have a monopoly on firepower. Meanwhile, all of this talk about making America a safer and more peaceful place by disarming everyone is the sheerest hypocrisy. Janet's thugs certainly have no intention of handing in their guns and halting their efforts to intimidate White citizens.
Perhaps this is a good time for me to mention that people who are angry at Janet Reno or Bill Clinton or the Jewish media bosses or at the growing hordes of non-Whites in America ought to think of a more constructive outlet for their anger than simply shooting at targets of opportunity, a la Benjamin Smith or Buford Furrow. I will go so far as to say that there are even more useful things for an angry patriot to do than building a truck bomb and blowing up the nearest Federal office building. At this particular moment in the breakdown of our society, these occasional, random acts of violence are not especially helpful. They are not part of a sound strategy. In fact, they are not part of any strategy: they are simply individual acts of indiscipline, and they do not serve the purposes of our people.
You know, I can understand the anger that results in these acts. When my office was in Washington, DC, I was ready to explode and do something violent every day. I wanted to blow up government buildings and kill the politicians and bureaucrats who were destroying America; I wanted to use a machine gun and sweep the streets clean of all the non-Whites; I wanted to walk into the offices of the Washington Ibu with a semiautomatic shotgun and lots of
1:RHK SPEECH for September 1999
ammunition and begin cleaning house. I was filled with rage at the things I saw going on around me. I wanted to strike back at the liberals and the Jews and at their creatures.
And I know — 1 am quite certain - that the rage I felt every day when I was in Washington is in many, many other heterosexual White males as well. Rage is, I believe, a natural and healthy reaction, a normal reaction in a healthy man to what is being done to America and to our people. I can understand that women don't feel this rage and perhaps homosexuals don't feel it and certainly all the people who're on the other side, all the people who believe things are going their way, don't feel it, but I'm much more concerned about any White man who isn't enraged today than about those who are. 1 can only assume that any White man who isn't angry today, either doesn't understand the situation, or he needs to take hormone supplements.
Anyway, the conditions in every major city in America are conducive to the rage I felt in Washington, And the rage is growing, and it will continue to grow as a consequence of the policies of America's internal enemies. Those who feel, as I do, that random acts of violence are not especially helpful at this time, should not he thinking of ways to keep men from being angry, but rather should think of ways to help men control and direct their anger: to master their anger rather than being mastered by it. We all should be angry, but we should not express our anger in temper tantrums, which is essentially what these random acts of violence are.
Can you imagine our enemies acting in such an immature and undisciplined way? When the Jews want to hurt a country — Iraq, for example — they don't express their hatred for Iraqis by setting off a truck bomb in front of the Iraqi embassy. They very carefully make a long-range plan to get one of their creatures elected President, and then they use the powers controlled liy the President to inflict really serious damage on Iraq. If the Clinton administration became angry at China, say, the government would not send a squad of U.S. Marines to shoot up I Chinese restaurant in Washington. Anti Janet Reno wouldn't show her opposition to let-
ting Americans purchase firearms by ordering FBI agents to throw bricks through the windows of gun stores or ro spray-paint hateful graffiti on the headquarters of the National Rifle Association.
The reason America's internal enemies are winning now is because they not only use their heads to make plans, but they also exercise self-discipline. They keep their feelings under control. When Madeleine Albright began her murderous bombing of Serbia this spring, every Jewish organization in America came out with strong statements of support for the bombing. It obviously was .something the lews had been thinking about for a while. But they did not act prematurely and foolishly by doing something like shooting up the Serb community center in Chicago. They understood that such an action would not cripple the Serbs or even weaken them; it would only put them on the alert, make them angry, and generate public sympathy for them.
I'll recap what I just said. Random acts of violence don't make sense now. Temper tantrums are not helpful. What we need now is self-discipline, not self-indulgence. It's good for us to remember now the old, old rule for people who want to get rid of a king. The rule is: kill the king with your first stroke; don't merely wound the king, because if you do he surely will kill you.
Again, if you are angry at America's internal enemies, do not indulge yourself with a foolish, premature, and ineffective act of violence. Control yourself. Don't break laws. Don't even talk about breaking laws. In America today many people arc serving long prison terms for simply talking about committing illegal acts without having actually done anything. They are prosecuted under the government's conspiracy laws.
So if you don't like what Janet Reno and Bill Clinton and the Jewish media bosses are doing to America, think in terms of a long-range, effective plan, not some foolish act of self-gratification. And it you want to talk about long-range, effective plans, contact my organization, the National Alliance.
You know, some people who are angry at the government actually applaud acts stub as Buford Furrow's shooting up the Jewish community
(D 1999 • National Vanguard Hook* • Box I 10 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40l/yc,(iy
center in Los Angeles. They believe that other people will do similar things, independendy, and the government won't know how to deal with it. I mean, if many angry men, who don't even know one another, all do their shootings and bombings independendy and unpredictably, what can the government do to stop them.I * * * * * 7
Listen, don't kid yourself. The government is perfecdy capable of countering illegal violence with illegal violence, and if there's one thing the government is good at it's violence. People who advocate this sort of independent violence against America's internal enemies seem to believe that the government won't be able to counter it because the government is bound by laws: we still have a Constitution, et cetera. Believe me, the government will do whatever it thinks it can get away with, legal or illegal. Look what the government did at Ruby Ridge and at Waco. Look what it did to Serbia. We have a monster in Washington, and the mere fact that the monster has respected some laws so far is no guarantee that it will continue to do so in the future.
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
Both the Jews and the government, in fact, are using the recent Los Angeies shooting now as ammunition to chip away at the Constitution. Janet Reno is using it as an argument for a national gun registration law. The Jews are using it as an argument not only for more restrictive firearms laws but also for laws against what they call “hate speech.” Jews want to abolish both the First and the Second Amendment. Since the shooting there have been polls of the couch potatoes, and the media already have persuaded nearly half of the American public that so-called “hate speech” is primarily responsible for so-called “hate crimes,” such as the Los Angeles shooting. How much longer do you think it will take the Jews to persuade a majority of the couch potatoes that they will be safer and we all will have a more peaceful and loving society if the government is allowed to lock up anyone who says unkind things about Jews? If you believe that can't happen in America, then you have a lot more faith in the couch potatoes and their representatives in Washington than I do.
A final word: I'm not trying to say that we must be careful not to provoke the monster, that if we don't
5
provoke it maybe it won't eat us. The monster fully intends to eat us as soon as it can: as soon as it has proceeded a bit further in its program of persuading the couch potatoes that if they will just give up die First and Second Amendments — and perhaps one or two others — they all will be safer and happier. Ultimately the only way we can prevent that is by killing the monster. The monster is at war against America, against our people, against our freedom, against our traditions, against our children's future, and it is a war to the death. So far the monster is winning that war. If we want to change that, if we want to begin winning instead of losing, then we must fight the monster with intelligence and self-discipline, not with childish daydreams of victory through drive-by shootings.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Killing Lit-de Children,” aired on August 21, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Bosch/Bin Laden
I was looking last night at some paintings by the 15th-century Flemish painter, Hieronymous Bosch. Interesting, but pretty weird stuff. Bosch was sort of a godfather to the Surrealist school of painters, who came along 450 years later: Salvador Dali and his limp clocks, for example.
I don't know much about Bosch's life, but he was a moralist, and his
paintings, with their nightmare quality, reflected his concern for the moral condition of Dutch society in his time. I thought to myself as I studied his paintings, “My God, what would
Bosch be painting if he were alive today in America?^ I shuddered when
I thought about it. This is indeed an
age which lends itself to surrealist treatment Public life today lacks some important elements of reality.
I was looking at Bosch's paintings right after having seen Bill Clinton on television preaching about his opposition to a tax-cut bill which the Republican Congress had just passed, ana that's what made me think about what Bosch might have painted in the
Bill Clinton and Ehud Barak
Clinton era. I mean, there was this unspeakable piece of filth up there at his lectern, this reprobate, this criminal, wagging his finger and moralizing about doing what's good for the American people, and no one was hooting him down or even laughing at him. All of the media people were taking him seriously and showing him respect: not even an expression of distaste on the news commentator's
face or a hint of contempt in his voice. I could imagine millions of other television viewers around the country soberly watching this same newscast and seeing nothing amiss. I believe that Howdy Doody or Fred Flintstone could have been up there on the speaker's podium with the Presidential seal, saying the same things Clinton said, ana as long as the media people treated it seriously the viewers would see nothing amiss.
I don't know what the moral condition of Dutch society was like in the 15th century, but it certainly couldn't have been worse than that of American society today. Actually, I guess it's not really the moral condition of the American public I'm complaining about. It's the surreal nature of public life in America today.
I'll give you an example of what I mean when I say that there's something which isn't real about our society. When Israel's new prime minister, Ehud Barak, was visiting the United States recendy, he was treated with great respect by the media peo-
H 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
pie. He was described as an Israeli war hero and as die man who might be able to bring peace to die Middle East Now, to me Jews the term “hero’* has a different meaning than it does to us. Let me tell you about one of Ehud Barak's “heroic" exploits. In 1973 Barak headed an Israeli assassination squad which was landed on a Lebanese beach near Beirut late at night by an Israeli submarine — supplied, of course, by the United States. Israel and Lebanon were at peace at the time, but Israel always has had a policy of assassinating troublesome Gentiles, whether they are Islamic religious leaders or Egyptian rocket scientists or Palestinians who write patriotic poetry or anyone else the Jews don't like. The excuse usually is that the victim was a threat to Israel. The threats which Barak's murder squad dealt with that night in 1973 when they landed on die beach near Beirut were two Palestinian political writers and a poet, living in exile in Lebanon after having been “ethnically cleansed” by the Israelis.
Barak and two other members of his squad quiedy picked the lock and let themselves into the house of Palestinian writer Kamal Edwan and his family in the Beirut suburb of Verdun at one o'clock in the morning. Using silenced submachine guns they slaughtered Edwan, his wife, and his daughter while they slept in their beds. Other members of Barak's murder squad killed the other two victims and tneir families. Escaping from Lebanon and returning to Israel as a “hero,” Barak explained to journalists that it had been necessary to shoot all three members of die Edwan family because the women attempted to shield Kamal from the Jews' bullets. Well, the facts are that although the bullet-riddled body of Kamal's wife was found on the bed beside him, his daughter's bullet-riddled body was found alone in her own bedroom.
Now, all of the major media in the United States knew about this at the time of Barak's visit to the United States last month. These 1973 murders made headlines around the world at the time, and, as I said, Barak was treated as a hero when he returned to Israel from this murder mission. This sort of information is kept on file at die New York Times, die Associated Press, the Washington Post, and every major news agency. You can dig it up yourself from any major library. But there wasn't a word
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
about any of this in the U.S. news media last month. Why not? Was it irrelevant after 26 years?
Imagine that it had been a senior statesman from Germany who was being entertained at the White House last month instead of the prime minister of Israel. Imagine that during the Second World War, in 1943, say — that's 56 years ago instead of 26 — the German statesman had been the head of an SS team which killed Jews, and the news media here knew it Do you believe that they would have remained silent about the events of 56 years ago in order to avoid embarrassing our visitor or Mr. Clinton, or because they believed that the events of 56 years ago had become irrelevant after the passage of so much time? I mean, really, what do you think?
Let me help you: the Jews always get special treatment. They own the media, they control the Clinton government, they believe they're entided to special treatment, and they get it. You know as well as I that it is inconceivable that any foreign official who had killed Jews, and the media knew about it, could be entertained at the White House while the media kept quiet about the official's past. But a Jewish official who has murdered Gentiles — hey, that's different: no need to remind the public about that.
And of course, the murders of Palestinian families that Ehud Barak carried out under the cover of darkness in 1973 were not die end of his career as a cold-blooded murderer of women and children. The 1973 murders were among the few that made headlines around the world, but he kept on doing the same sort of thing. Nowadays, of course, he doesn't actually go out and shoot people himself; he just gives the orders to have people shot.
This year, the day after Barak took office as prime minister of Israel, his Mossad agents murdered a 27-year-old Lebanese nuclear physicist in his Paris apartment. The Jews believe that people who are likely to sympathize with their enemies, with people from whom they have stolen land — with the Palestinians, for example — should not be permitted to become nuclear physicists, because their enemies may benefit from the knowledge, from the expertise. And so the Jews arrange to nave these people murdered whenever they can. They count on the media under the control of their kinsmen to cover for them and
on crooked politicians who are in their pocket not to make a fuss. And the politicians who run France these days are approximately as corrupt as those who run the United States -which means totally corrupt. So the Jews get away with this sort of behavior.
Well, that's Jews for you. And I really wouldn't waste much time worrying about the type of people they are or what they do if they were doing all of their dirty work over in the Middle East somewhere among their fellow Semites. But they're doing their dirty work over here, among us, and it concerns ail of us. At least, it ought to be a matter of concern to all of us, because it certainly affects all of us.
I'll just recap what I've said so far: the mass media in the United States
—	all of them, the TV network news programs, the national newspapers and news magazines such as the New York Times, the Washington Post, Time, Newsweek, U.S. News and World Report — all of them knew about Barak's background when he was in this country recendy, and they all covered for him. They ail concealed his bloody past from the American people — deliberately and knowingly concealed it and portrayed Barak as a “man of peace” — so that Bill Clinton and the other politicians could suck up to him and promise him billions or dollars more from the U.S. Treasury — our money — without any protest from us. And the media did that because Barak is a Jew, because he is the head of the Jewish state, and they
—	the media bosses — also are lews or are completely tied up in collaboration with the Jews.
Now that's a serious business, and it ought to concern all of us. It's not just that ordinary Americans, who depend on the mass media for everything they know — or think they know — about what's happening in the world are being deceived. One could argue that that's not important, because most ordinary Americans never understand anything anyway, whether they're being deliberately deceived or not, so what difference does it make whether it's the Jews or someone else who's deceiving them; they're just sheep; they don't count.
Now, that's not my position. I believe that we must have honest, accurate, and responsible mass media in the hands of our own people. I believe that ordinary Americans at least ought to have the information
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
needed to understand what's happening in the world, whether they have the desire or the intelligence to take advantage of that information or not. But as I just said the problem is bigger than the fact that the public is being deceived. You know, there are a great many Americans who are not sheep and who are not so easily deceived: smart, wide-awake Americans who have the same access to information that I do, Americans who understand that their personal success and welfare depend on their knowing about what's happening in the world.
People like Bill Gates don't simply take at face value everything they see on their television screens. But Bill Gates doesn't speak out. He does nothing to counter the deception and plundering of his own people. Instead he knowingly collaborates with the Jews in the deception. His Microsoft Corporation is involved in a joint media venture with NBC.
And of course it's not just Bill Gates. No one who understands what's happening and who also has the resources to oppose it effectively is willing to do so. Everyone is looking out only for himself. Everyone is willing to collaborate with die Jews or with Bill Clinton or with any other evil and destructive group or person or policy so long as there's some personal advantage to doing so. No one is willing to stand up for what is true and right if there is no personal advantage for himself in doing so. There are not even ten righteous men of wealth and power in America to justify the continued existence of this nation, of this society. That is the nightmare quality of American society today which Hieronymous Bosch would be truly challenged to symbolize in his painting if he were here today.
Before I move on I want to state once more the point I've made here. First, Ehud Barak, the current prime minister of Israel, the man who was entertained in the White House by Bill Clinton last month and was promised billions of dollars more of our money, is a man who used to murder people that the Jews wanted murdered. He used to murder intellectuals whose ideas the Jews considered dangerous — and their wives and children. He used to murder them personally and close-up, so that he got
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
Bill Gates
spattered with their blood and brains as they begged for mercy. He is a coldblooded murderer. He is a terrorist. The 1973 murders in Beirut I described are a matter of public record, and you can check them out for yourself in any large library. Check using the key words Kamal Edwan.
Second, the mass media here all knew this, but they covered up for Barak. They would not have done that except that he is a Jew and it is in the interest of Jews to conceal his background from the American taxpayers who are supporting Israel. The Jewish media bosses do not want American Gentiles to know that the leading Jew in the world today, the Jew who is looked up to and admired by Jews in America as well as in Israel, is an assassin, a cold-blooded murderer of women and children. The media bosses do not want Americans to understand that that's the sort of man most admired by their Jewish neighbors.
Third, other knowledgeable people in America, knowledgeable Gentiles, rich and influential Gentiles, who should have been providing leadership and guidance to other Americans, also knew about Barak, but they remained silent rather than offend the Jews.
You know, you don't have to agree with me about what we ought to do about the Jews. You may believe that it's possible to live in the same country with Jews. You may even believe in equality or democracy or — heaven forbid! — diversity, but you cannot call yourself an honest man or a patriot if you were one of those who knew about Barak and remained silent. And of course, the concealing of Barak's murderous background from the public is only one of hun-
7
dreds of similar moral failures I could cite, failures to speak out and provide the truth to the public on important issues when the Jewish media are deliberately concealing the truth. I've spoken myself about dozens of these issues on these American Dissident Voices programs: about the deliberate effort by the Jewish media to make the White public believe that most so-called “hate crimes” involve Whites attacking non-Whites, for example, by providing enormously inflated news coverage of the tiny minority of interracial crimes in which that is the case and completely suppressing the news of the majority of interracial crimes in which Whites are the victims. The public doesn't know about this deception, but many wealthy and influential White people do — and yet they remain silent. You cannot call yourself a responsible American if you ignore the deceptions of the mass media, if you fail to speak out about these deceptions for fear of jeopardizing your career or your wealth or some business relationship you have with Jews — but who is speaking out7 I am listening. I hear no political leader, no religious leader, no business leader speaking out.
So what will become of a country in which there no longer are any men of wealth and power and influence who care about the country, who feel responsible for it? What will happen to a society in which the masses care only about their ball games and their welfare “entidements,” as they're called these days, and the rich care only about their personal wealth and power?
Well, let me tell you, it doesn't take a Hieronymous Bosch to look at this society and notice that it is profoundly ill. Ordinary men and women all around the world can see that. And while Hieronymous Bosch isn't here today to chastise us for our lack of morality, other men who care about morality are: men like Osama bin Laden, for example. And the fact that men like Bin Laden can look at America and see that it no longer has a soul, makes them infinitely more dangerous as our moral instructors. Bin Laden knows that the next time he blows something up a great many people will applaud him, both around the world and in America.
The people you see on the television screen won't be applauding, of
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
A painting of Hell by Hieronymous Bosch
course. Madeleine Albright and Bill Clinton will be looking very grim and will be wagging their fingers and making threats about retaliation. The cameras will focus on the bodies being pulled from the rubble, and the TV commentators will be very serious and will have the couch potatoes everywhere feeling indignant toward Bin Laden and regarding him as a bloodthirsty terrorist who kills people without reason. But there will be tens of thousands of Americans who understand the situation and who will applaud Bin Laden in the privacy of their living rooms, and there will be tens of millions of people around the world who will applaud.
Let me reiterate:	people	like Bill Clinton and
Madeleine Albright would have you believe that a country doesn't need a soul in order to be healthy. Certainly, the couch potatoes, the lemmings, are not concerned about such things as the nation's soul. As long as the bread and circuses continue, as long as the ball games and the “enti-dements” keep coming, they will believe that everything is all right. They really don't see anything amiss. They don't have any sort of moral compass inside themselves to tell them that things are very wrong in our national life. They simply believe what the media tell them, without even a twinge of misgiving. That's one of the surreal features of life in America today. The great bulk of the population — the White population — is marching happily toward national and racial extinction. That isn't natural. It doesn't seem real — but it is happening.
And even though the couch potatoes can't understand this, there are people around the world who can and do. There are people who still are able to make moral judgments and who have the will to act on their judgments, in one way or another. Hieronymous Bosch is no longer with us, but Osama bin Laden is. And so are plenty of others who make manifest their moral judgments with weapons of mass destruction instead of with paint and canvas.
And of course, moral chastisement from without isn't the only consequence of our situation that we should anticipate. There will be a lot more craziness of one sort or another as people without moral guidance react in various ways to the stresses imposed by a disintegrating society: mass shootings, cult suicides, scandals and outrages of every sort, from the Oval Office to every corner of American life.
When a society no longer has any righteous men, men for whom righteousness counts more than profit or comfort or personal security — righteous men who will stand up and make themselves heard in America — then every member of our society will pay a price. No one will escape the craziness. Some Americans will applaud when they see evildoers struck down; other Americans will become fearful and call for more security from the government. But the craziness will continue, it will become worse as our society descends into chaos, and it will not become better until we once again have a society headed by righteous men.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Bosch/Bin Laden,” aired on August 14, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books i Box 330 • Hillsboro • V/V 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
9
Bat Guano and “Hate Speech”
Today I want to talk with you about something which gravely concerns me, and that is the corruption of our government and our police by Jewish pressure groups. I've spoken with you about this before two or three times, but the threat to our liberty is becoming more serious by the day, and we all need to be aware of what is happening currently.
In brief, the Jews make up only two and one-half per cent of the U.S. population, but they are smart, they are aggressive, they are extraordinarily well organized and cooperate with each other at all levels in order to advance their own ethnic interests, and by cooperating have acquired a vastly disproportionate share of the power and the wealth in the United States. But that is not enough for them. They want everything, they believe they're entided to everything — at least, the religious Jews believe that — and they're all trying their damnedest to get it. In the present Clinton administration they have for all practical purposes seized control of the Federal government. I can't remember when Clinton made a top-level appointment, in either the executive or judicial branch, that didn't go to a Jew. The latest Clinton appointment to go through was Richard Holbrooke, who even before he became the new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations was part of the Clinton team in the war against Serbia. Just like practically everyone else on that team, Holbrooke is a Jew. Now the Clinton government, which has been using the CIA in an effort to destabilize the Milosevic government, has put forward its candidate to replace Milosevic as the president of Yugoslavia. He is the former head of the central bank there, his name is Abramovic, and he is not a Serb but a Jew! There seems to be no end to it nor any limit to their brazenness.
Despite their control of the Clinton administration, the Jews do have some worries. They understand that they're not home free yet. There may not be many other people who speak out openly about the Jews the way I do, but there are a great many White Americans who nevertheless can see what is happening to America and
who don't like it. Not every American is a brainless couch potato, who cares only about ball games on TV and his “entitlement” check. There are many Americans who have both brains and a sense of personal responsibility, even a sense of patriotism, although they haven't found the courage yet to speak out. If anything happened to really upset this “silent majority” — well, anyway, this fairly large silent minority — if anything happened to take away their comfort or their sense of security, they could really become a problem for the Jews to worry about. Some of them might begin speaking out themselves — especially if I am still speaking out to set an example for the others. Things could snowball. The Jews could lose it all, the way they did in Germany in 1933, after they had gotten what they thought was a pretty good grip on that country.
And they understand that — and they're taking steps to prevent that happening. The Jewish mass media, working in tandem with Jewish pressure groups such as the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, the Southern Poverty Law Center, and the Simon Wiesenthal Center, have been lobbying intensely for years to disarm Americans and to silence them. This is a concerted effort, a very tighdy organized effort. Can you think of a single mass medium — a single big-city newspaper, a single television network, a single national news magazine — which isn't in favor of more gun control laws and more so-called “hate crime” laws? Individual Americans are divided on the issue of firearms. Some are staunch defenders of the Second Amendment, while others have let themselves be persuaded by the media that citizens shouldn't have weapons to defend themselves. But the Jewish mass media are unanimously in favor of more gun control.
The same goes for so-called “hate crime” legislation. Whereas the couch potatoes have mosdy been convinced that “haters” ought to be locked up — many of them, in fact, already believe that “racism” is illegal, that anyone who uses the “n” word, for example, has broken a law and can be locked up — whereas the couch potatoes and
the lemmings have been pretty well brought into line by the Jews, many thoughtful Americans disagree with the Politically Correct sort of law enforcement the Jews are lobbying for, where an offender is punished more for what he was thinking than for what he did. But the Jews, their media, and their pressure groups are 100 per cent in favor of more “hate crime” legislation.
And when it comes to taking the next step — that is, scrapping the First Amendment altogether and actually enacting “hate speech” legislation of the sort that the Jews already have succeeded in having enacted in Canada, Britain, and many other countries and which many couch potatoes assume already has been enacted in the United States — again there is a major division among White Americans. The feminists, the homosexuals, the liberals believe that we need such laws in order to maintain domestic tranquility, that it is more important to keep people from having their feelings hurt by “offensive” speech than it is to preserve the freedom to say whatever we believe. But that's still a minority opinion. A majority of White Americans have not yet been convinced that they ought to give up their First Amendment rights for the sake of tranquility — but that's not for a lack of the Jews' trying to convince them.
On this issue the Jews are still being cautious. Whereas most major Jewish organizations still are proclaiming their support for the First Amendment, they are in fact solidly in favor of abolishing it. The Jewish media are using the same deceptions: they tell us that they are for freedom of the press, freedom of speech, but what they really are for is freedom of their press, freedom of their speech, not ours. They are for their freedom to continue promoting gangsta' rap music and producing films which propagandize racial mixing, but they are against our freedom to speak out against this propaganda and especially against our freedom to identify the producers of this propaganda and to talk about their motives.
Read carefully the way in which the controlled press deals with spe-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
cific instances of what they like to call “hate speech.” My organization, the National Alliance, publishes leaflets and pamphlets and stickers for mass distribution. Some of our members distribute these materials to the public. None of these materials would have been considered “hateful” just a few years ago. They do not use pejora-tives or insulting language, and they do not urge violence or illegality of any sort They provide facts and express opinions about matters of importance to White Americans. They have information about gun-control efforts and the people behind these efforts, for example. They have information about AIDS and its much greater incidence among non-Whites than among Whites, with the consequendy greater danger of contracting the disease if one has sex with a non-White. They have information about the immigration crisis in the United States. One of the pamphlets we have distributed most widely is a documentary report on the control of the news and entertainment media in America. It's a report with the names and holdings of the top media bosses.
We write, publish, and distribute these materials because we believe that the information and ideas in them are vitally important and need to be seen and thought about by all White Americans. But the controlled mass media routinely refer to these publications as “hate” literature: not just sometimes, but always. You cannot read a news story in any mainstream newspaper about our publications without seeing the word “hate” at least a dozen times.
Another item we distribute widely is the catalog of books offered by National Vanguard Books, the sponsor of this program. This 80-page catalog offers some 700 books and tapes, ranging from Aesop's Fables and Virgil's Aeneid to Friedrich Nietzsche's Thus Spoke Zarathustra. It also offers a number of very hard-to-find books, such as the Protocols of Zion, which is certainly of historical interest, regardless of what one's personal opinion is of its contents. And yet this entire book catalog also is routinely denounced by the Jewish media and by Jewish organizations as “hate” literature.
And the controlled media always use the word “hate” in referring to our publications, not just because
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
they don't like or agree with our books and other materials, but because they are trying deliberately to condition the public — really to brainwash the public — by forming the association in the public's mind between any officially disapproved or Politically Incorrect publication and the ideas of hate and violence and illegality. They attempt to frighten the public — deliberately. And with a substantial portion of the public it works. We will, for example, distribute a number of copies of our documentary pamphlet on the ownership and control of the news and entertainment media in the United States; we'll hand them out to shoppers in a mall, or we'll mail a few thousand of them to the residents of a community, or we may even place them on the windshields of parked cars. The controlled media invariably will report such a distribution of our material in the following way:
"Residents of Centerville have been alarmed by finding hate pamphlets in their mail. Mrs. Alvin Jones of 100 Main Street reported to the police that she had received in the mail a hate pamphlet published by the National Alliance which claims that Jews exercise a disproportionate control of the news and entertainment media in the United States. The police are investigating the matter. Because the hate pamphlets were distributed by mail, the FBI also has been notified. An FBI spokesman told this newspaper that, unfortunately, there is nothing the FBI can do to stop such distributions under existing laws."
Often the newspaper will then put a litde more spin on the story by printing a statement from one of the Jewish pressure groups I mentioned earlier, and that statement will describe our documentation of Jewish media control as a “myth” and will suggest that pamphlets like ours are responsible for violent and illegal activity. If you read newspapers at all, I'm sure you've read a dozen such stories.
Now probably Mrs. Jones was alarmed, and probably she did call the police. That's what she's been conditioned to do by reading such stories herself. She believes that that's what any good citizen should do when he or she spots a pamphlet which seems to be Politically Incorrect: report it to the police. She probably has a fuzzy notion in her mind that distributing such pamphlets is illegal. The media certainly do nothing to discourage that notion except
to suggest that existing laws are inadequate: that if we had adequate laws, then the FBI could arrest anyone who distributes such pamphlets, and the local police could lock up anyone caught alarming citizens with such material.
I mean, really, think about it. If in the past you haven't noticed the sort of calculated fear-mongering I've just described, then pay close attention to the wording and the tone of the next news report you see about the distribution of National Alliance materials. Analyze the story, and I'm sure you'll understand what the newspaper is trying to do.
Well, that's only part of the threat to our liberty which I mentioned at the beginning of this program. In addition to persuading the couch potatoes that Politically Incorrect speech either is illegal or ought to be illegal, the Jewish media and the Jewish pressure groups also are conditioning police and other local authorities in the same way.
Did you ever see the Stanley Kubrick film Dr. Strangelove? If you didn't, you should. It's an old film, a satirical film made in 1964, but it's also the funniest film I've ever seen, and I guess I've watched it a dozen times. Stanley Kubrick really was cut from quite different cloth; he was unlike any other Jewish film director in Hollywood. Anyway, if you've seen Dr. Strangelove you'll certainly remember a delightful character in the film named Colonel Bat Guano. Toward the end of the film, when Peter Sellers, in his role as a Canadian Air Force officer, is desperately trying to telephone Washington with the information needed to head off an imminent doomsday nuclear war, Colonel Bat Guano, as a stereotypically pigheaded authoritarian, refuses to let the Canadian officer make his telephone call. To Colonel Guano, the Canadian is not to be trusted, because he wears a funny uniform and has a British accent. Furthermore, the Canadian wants to break a few rules in the emergency situation, such as taking coins from a Coke machine in order to get his call through to the Pentagon war room. Colonel Guano is outraged by such irregularities and never does understand the situation. The Canadian officer finally makes his telephone call, but by then it is too late to avert doomsday.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
11
The character Bat Guano from the movie Dr. Strangelove
Anyway, the reason I bring Colonel Guano into the program now is that he is a wonderful embodiment of traits all too often found in military and police officials. Cops look up to authority figures and to institutions with an aura of authority. They believe what they see on television. They don't question it. They are likely to be indignant and hostile toward anyone who does question it. They don't like people who rock the boat or have a different view of things. They are strong on conformity and a bit weak on basic principles and on logical consistency. Certainly, this isn't true of all cops or all military officers, but the tendency is definitely there. The subliminal propaganda messages in the media find a receptive audience among cops.
And then Jewish organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith — the ADL — come along and offer to help the cops decide who are the good guys and who are the bad guys in this dangerous and confusing new age of multi-culturalism and terrorism we are entering. Most local cops are a bit confused about this whole new category of so-called “hate crimes” the Jews have pushed through various legislative bodies in this country. Twenty years ago the whole concept of “hate crime” was unknown. The Jews invented it, and they are the self-appointed “experts” on it. Domestic terrorism also was virtually unknown in America 20 years ago, and the Jews also have appointed themselves experts on that.
The Anti-Defamation League — the ADL — and similar Jewish organizations always are described by the mainstream media as “respected human rights organizations,” and so they have an air of authority when they approach the police with offers of “help.” What this means is that when an ADL official shows up at the local police chiefs office in an expensive suit, accompanied by the Gentile mayor and a couple of other local politicians who are in the Jews' pocket, and offers to provide training seminars for the local cops on dealing with “hate crimes” and domestic terrorism, the Colonel Bat Guano element in the chiefs personality kicks in. He doesn't question the ADL's motives. He just learns to despise the people the ADL tells him to despise,
the people who aren't marching in lockstep with the lemmings. He learns to turn to the ADL for advice whenever any question comes up about dealing with dissidents. A sort of quasi-official relationship between the police and the ADL develops.
And this is really horrifying when you think about what the ADL is. It is an organization which has been involved in large-scale criminal activity of a sort which ought to put everyone concerned about our freedom on red alert. The ADL has been caught red-handed in the theft of confidential police files on a huge scale: files on more than 12,000 persons in California alone. The ADL has had its offices raided in California by police teams armed with search warrants to recover these stolen files. The ADL has bribed police and other public officials to gain illegal access to confidential information — driver's license information, credit card information, and so on — on tens of thousands of American citizens. It has passed on some of this information to foreign governments, and this has resulted in Americans being arrested and imprisoned by foreign governments when they travel abroad.
The ADL also has close ties to other Jewish criminal organizations. In 1985 the ADL gave its annual so-called “Torch of Liberty” award to the
notorious Jewish organized crime boss Moe Dalitz, who at that time was the underworld “godfather” of Las Vegas. The ADL gave its award to Moe Dalitz at a black-tie banquet because he had funneled millions of dollars in criminal loot into the ADL's treasury. And it's not that the ADL didn't know what Dalitz did for a living or where the money came from that he gave to the ADL Before Dalitz moved to Las Vegas he was due boss of the notorious “Purple Gang” in Detroit, an all-Jewish gang involved in smuggling, White slavery, and contract murder.
Although Moe Dalitz was killed in a gang shootout with rivals in 1989, die ADL has cozy relations with plenty of other Jewish gangsters. The fastest-growing organized-crime operation in the United States today is the Organizcitsiya, which consists entirely of Jews from the former Soviet Union. The Jewish media, of course, never mention that it is a Jewish organization — they call it the “Russian Mafia” — but it is, in fact, the biggest, the best-organized, the most ruthless and violent criminal organization in operation today. And it is the most dangerous criminal organization to ordinary Americans. It steals such huge sums of money that it could even pose a threat to the American economy. It has ties to the Clinton
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
administration, and to the Democratic Party, and now it is trying to gain ties, through the ADL, to the American law-enforcement agencies which are charged with fighting against it. The Organizatsiya is positioning itself to be the criminal organization of the New World Order. It intends to suck the blood out of the U.S. economy the same way it has sucked the blood out of Russia.
Police agencies everywhere should understand what and who the real
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
threats to law and order are. But they are being conditioned now not to understand these things. They are being conditioned to regard anyone who publicizes the Jewishness of Jewish organized crime — me, for example — as the threat, rather than Jewish organized crime itself. It was bad enough having the ADL, the media, and the Washington politicians in cahoots. When police agencies and Jewish organized crime enter the coalition, we're in real trouble — all of us.
And that's what's happening now under the guise of fighting so-called “hate crime.”
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Bat Guano and ‘Hate Speech,’” aired on August 28, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Jewish Democracy
Well, there's been another dragging, this one just last week in Martin, South Dakota. Three Indians from a reservation there severely beat a White man, 21-year-old Brad Young, tied a rope around his neck and to the back of their truck, and dragged the White man until they thought he was dead. Then they cut the rope loose from their truck and drove off, leaving their unconscious and badly injured victim lying in a field, where he was later found. His ears had been tom off, and his face and neck were so badly lacerated that his family couldn't recognize him. The sheriff, noting the viciousness of the attack and that the victim was White and his attackers were Indians, told reporters that it was clearly a “hate crime.”
The fascinating thing about this particular incident is that it is practically a mirror image of the dragging of a Black by three White men in Jasper, Texas, last year: three White men and a Black victim in the first case; three Indians and a White victim in the second case. In both cases the victims had known and been drinking with their assailants. Both draggings were unplanned and simply grew out of drunken fights. In both cases a beating preceded the dragging. The really interesting difference between the Jasper, Texas, case and the Martin, South Dakota, case is the way in which the controlled news media have responded to them. The Jasper, Texas, case was immediately on television screens around the world and remained on the screens for months. It periodically comes back on the TV screens as the deliberately spaced tri-
als of the three perpetrators come up. Bill Clinton addressed the nation about it. Every Jewish propaganda organization and every Politically Correct columnist and commentator had something to say about it. But unless you're an Internet news junkie or a very careful newspaper reader you haven't even heard about the Martin, South Dakota, case. You certainly will never see it on television or hear Bill Clinton comment on it.
In the South Dakota case the media people have been trying to pressure the sheriff into backing down from his initial assertion that the dragging was a “hate crime.” Since the victim knew his assailants and was voluntarily drinking with them before they beat and dragged him, it wasn't really a “hate crime,” the media people have been saying; it was simply a bit of drunken hooliganism that got out of hand. You know, they could have said exacdy the same thing about the Texas case, but they didn't, did they? In Texas their motivation was to exaggerate the atrociousness and malice involved, not to minimize it as they have done in the South Dakota case.
And for real media minimaliza-tion, consider the dragging murder of Patricia Stansfield by a Black near Streator, Illinois, on August 1 last year. I first reported this dragging to you nearly three months ago, in my broadcast of June 12. The 46-year-old White woman, a registered nurse, was deliberately dragged three miles to her death along a country road. Police found blood spots, body tissue, and bits of her clothing along the road. Sounds a bit like the dragging of
James Byrd in Jasper, doesn't it, with all of those little painted circles on the road which we saw a hundred times on television? Patricia Stansfield's Black murderer was 26-year-old Christopher Coleman. But you haven't heard even the slightest peep from the Jewish media about the Stansfield dragging, have you?
You might ask, why couldn't the media simply have presented the facts in each case, giving them approximately equal coverage and let the public make up their own minds and form their own opinions about them?
Well, we all know the answer to that question, don't we? The controlled media are not interested in presenting facts; they are interested in shaping public opinion, so they present the facts which serve their purpose, but not those facts which don't. We have three atrocious interracial draggings in the past 15 months, one with a Black victim and two with White victims. Even if you didn't already know, you wouldn't have to puzzle very lone trying to figure out which one tne controlled media would choose to report.
You know, even when the facts don't fit, the Jews sometimes will try to use them anyway. The media liars still refer to the two killers at Columbine High School this summer as “neo-Nazis” and “racists.” They know that one of the killers, Dylan Klebold, was a Jew, and that both were not racists, but rather were anti-racists. They know that Eric Harris had an Internet web site in which he talked about how much he hated White racists. Now, those facts don't fit the image the Jews have been forging in the pub-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
13

lie mind of people who go on shoot' ing sprees as being White racists or neo-Nazis. But they couldn't really suppress the story of the Columbine High murders, like they did the story of the dragging murder of Patricia Stansfield. The Columbine High story was too big to kill, so they just twisted it a bit. They repeated over and over the rumor that the two killers had targeted Blacks, even though only one of the 13 people they killed was a Black. They parlayed this false rumor about targeting Blacks into the characterization of the two killers as “neo-Nazis.” And the general public, never too difficult to fool, has swallowed it.
At least, much of the general public has swallowed it. And most of the rest are such lemmings that even if they don't literally believe the Jewish party line on racial matters they pretend that they do. They are afraid of being out of step with everyone else. They are the ones who understand the danger and the unpleasantness of living with non-Whites, but who won't admit that they understand. They flee to White suburbs or to Whiter parts of the country to get away from non-Whites, but they'll never give you a straight answer about why they fled. Maybe it's a good thing that we're running out of places to flee to and soon will be obliged to stand and fight. At least, some of us
will stand and fight. Many will just grovel and beg for mercy. That's the kind of White people we've been raising in America for the past 50 years.
I have a story on my desk about a murder in Salt Lake City last month. I suspect that this is a story you haven't heard before, because like so many others it doesn't fit. Early on the morning of August 3 a Black male slipped into a condominium where three young White women were sleeping. He stabbed one of the young women, 22-year-old Amy Quinton, to death, and tried to kill 19-year-old Erin Warren by stabbing her in the stomach. Erin was taken to a hospital in critical condition. The third woman, in a separate bedroom, was able to telephone police and escaped injury. You know, this sort of thing happens all the time; you just don't hear about it.
What I found especially poignant about this story was the reaction of one of the girls' neighbors. Bill McDade lives in the apartment just above the one in which the girls were attacked. He's 41 years old, and he moved from southern California to Salt Lake City with his elderly father several years ago to escape the non-White crime in California. He told reporters: “We moved up here from L.A. to escape this kind of thing. When I moved here it was very peaceful, very quiet, and very serene, but
now it has gotten worse.” He sighed and said that maybe now he would have to move again.
Well, here we are, the descendants of the pioneers who fought the Indians, conquered America, and built a White civilization on this continent — here we are at the end of die millennium, just running, running, running, afraid to fight, afraid even to name our enemies. It certainly looks as if both the moral and physical quality of White Americans has declined during the last couple of hundred years. We really need to think seriously about the ways in which we can improve the breed when we move into the next millennium. But of course, our plight today is the consequence of more than bad breeding. It is to a very large degree the consequence of psychological manipulation.
I've said this to you 100 times, but I'll say it again now, because it is the single most salient fact of our present situation: Whoever controls the mass media of news and entertainment is able to control most of the public's perception of what is fashionable — in ideas, in policy, in behavior. And for most of the public, their perception of what is fashionable determines what they say and do — and to a large extent what they think. And in a democracy, where people who are easily manipulated by
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
the media are permitted to vote, who* ever controls the mass media also controls the government, for all prac-deal purposes.
I'll give you a very specific example of the way in which this works: Every listener certainly remembers Buford Furrow's shooting spree in Los Angeles on August 10. The way the controlled media have harped on his non-lethal foray into the Jewish community center there, it'll be a long time before anyone forgets Buford Furrow. Well, of course, all of the publicity attracted politicians, the way a candle attracts other types of insects. They smelled votes. And one of these vote-sniffing politicians was California's governor, Gray Davis. He noted the publicity. He noted the hysterical reaction of various minority groups and women's groups and lemming groups. He saw an opportunity to win votes and a pat on the head from the media masters at the same time. He focused on the fact that Buford Furrow was characterized by the media as a “hater,” that Furrow had belonged to a Politically Incorrect church in Idaho which the Jews have labeled a “hate group.” Last week Governor Davis called a press conference and announced that California needs new laws “to fight hate groups.” He said that he was appointing a panel to study ways in which California's laws might be used to impose civil or criminal penalties on so-called “hate groups,” their leaders, and their members. He wants, he said, to “curtail the unlawful acts of these dangerous bigots.”
That's worrisome talk. I believe that the police, the courts, and everyone else concerned already have figured out how to impose civil or criminal penalties on people who shoot other people, whether the shooters have been labeled by the media as “dangerous bigots” or not. Laws covering that sort of thing have been on the books for a long time. What Governor Davis's talk suggests to me is that he would like to punish people not so much for committing a crime as for having the wrong beliefs, going to the wrong church, having the wrong friends — that is, for falling into the “dangerous bigot” category. His comments suggest that he believes that the laws should be applied differently to so-called “dangerous bigots” than they are to Politi-
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
Gray Davis
cally Correct people. He wants his panel to study ways of getting around the First Amendment guarantees of freedom of religion, freedom of association, and freedom of speech. He sniffs a willingness of the lemmings to give up these freedoms in response to the media-generated hysteria, and he's eager to show that he's willing too.
I suppose that the most worrisome thing of all about this talk by Governor Davis of finding ways to impose penalties on “dangerous bigots” is the question of who decides who's a “dangerous bigot” and who's not. And I suspect that most of you already know who it is that makes decisions of that sort. Governor Davis doesn't make those decisions. The police don't make them. The courts don't make them. Jewish so-called “human rights” organizations, such as the Simon Wiesenthal Center, the Southern Poverty Law Center, and the mob-affiliated	Anti-Defamation
League of B'nai B'rith, working together with the Jewish media bosses, decide who's a “dangerous bigot.” And whatever the Jews decide, that is A-OK with Governor Davis, who understands which side his bread is buttered on.
But you know, this is not what the Founding Fathers had in mind when they made a revolution against King George's government and fought the Redcoats in order to secure the blessings of liberty to themselves and their posterity. Our ancestors did not fight in the American Revolution and give us a Constitution so that Bill
Clinton wannabees like Gray Davis can trash it in order to garner the votes of lemmings and please their Jewish paymasters.
I know that there are lots of ordinary folks out there who don't really want to abolish the Constitution, but they have let themselves be stampeded by the media into the belief that we really do need to accept some new limitations on our liberty in order to protect little children from crazed haters like Buford Furrow. These folks are not deep thinkers, and they're easily distracted by media sleight-of-hand. They are convinced now that people like Buford Furrow are the principal threat to little children and others, because that's all they hear about. They're also convinced that all of the outrage about Furrow they're hearing from media spokesmen is genuine. They don't have a clue as to what the true agenda of the media bosses is. But let me tell you: it isn't to protect little children from crazed killers.
Consider this: On May 3, three months before Buford Furrow shot up the Jewish community center, killing no one, a man named Steven Abrams deliberately rammed his Cadillac into a crowd of children on the playground of a preschool in Costa Mesa, California, just a few miles from the Jewish community center visited by Buford Furrow. Abrams spotted the children on the playground of the Southcoast Early Childhood Learning Center as he drove past in his Cadillac. He made a U-turn, aimed his Cadillac at the children, and accelerated toward them. He jumped the curb, tore through a chain-link fence, knocked a jungle gym aside, and plowed into the kids. Two of the children, a four-year-old girl and a three-year-old boy, were mangled to death under Abrams' car when it roared onto the playground. Five others were hurt, two of them with serious head injuries.
When the police arrived Abrams told them: “I was going to execute these children because they were innocent.” I'll repeat Abrams' statement to the police: “I was going to execute these children because they were innocent.” Does that sound like Abrams is dangerous or not? You know, Abrams' murderous assault on the Southcoast Early Childhood Learning Center did make the newspapers — for about a day, and then it
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/-year
FREE SPEECH for September 1999
15
was quietly dropped. No breathless coverage on national television; no interviews with spokesmen from the Anti-Defamation League; no televised comments from Mr. Clinton. I'll bet you don't even remember reading about it. The Jewish media bosses weren't really interested in it. Governor Davis didn't interrupt his golf to comment on it. I mean, the school wasn't a Jewish school or a Black school, and a firearm wasn't used, so what's the point in making a big fuss about it? How's that going to help us get rid of the First and Second Amendments? And besides, when the murderer has a name like Abrams, the less said about it the better.
I'm sure that you get my point here. All of the outrage we're hearing from the media and the politicians about Buford Furrow isn't genuine. These people aren't really interested' in protecting little children from dangerous nuts. The media bosses don't care about little children. They do care about disarming and silencing the public. They don't want dissent,* and they don't want firearms in the hands of dissidents. And they»are able to keep the couch potatoes and the lemmings hypnotized. Which is why the politicians, like Governor Gray Davis, dance to their tune.
What all of this amounts to is a disgusting caricature of civilized government. It's a preview of democracy in the 21 st century, as the Jews would like it to be: at the top a Jewish elite of string-pullers and media bosses and money men; at the bottom a degraded and easily manipulated electorate of sports fans and hereditary lemmings; and in between a class of thoroughly corrupt and amoral politicians and bureaucrats to front for the
Jewish elite and help keep the electorate in line.
One of the most interesting aspects of our situation is that a number of White Americans who don't fall into any of these classes more or less understand these things, but they don't do anything about them. They keep up with what's happening, even when it doesn't appear on network television. They think about these things, but only in a personal context. They don't worry about what these things are doing to the country or to the race, but only about how they themselves are affected. They try to adapt to this Jewish democracy in a way that will be beneficial to themselves. They are not corrupt in the same sense, or at least not to the same degree, as the politicians and the bureaucrats, but they have abdicated their responsibilities as White Americans. And they are dangerously short-sighted if they believe that they can separate their own fate, their own destiny, their own well-being, from that of their people.
. My reason for saying that this abdication of responsibility is shortsighted is this: It's not just that here in America we have a disgusting caricature of a civilized society. America's sickness is spreading out and affecting much of the rest of the world. And much of the rest of the world is quite concerned and quite unhappy about that. In the remaining time today I'll mention only the example of Serbia's Kosovo province. Unfortunately, exacdy what I predicted back during Madeleine Albright's bombing of Serbia has come true. The ethnic cleansing of Serb civilians in Kosovo began as soon as the Clinton gang forced the Serb military and police to leave the province. The NATO occupation
forces are not keeping the peace in Kosovo at all. They are simply providing cover for the KLA to run the remaining Serbs out of the province and to murder those who don't run fast enough.
The one atrocity committed by the KLA against Serb civilians which received enough publicity over here to gain the notice of the couch potatoes was the massacre of 14 Serb formers six weeks ago, on July 23. That sort of thing or worse has been happening every week. Mass graves of Serbs murdered by the KLA since the bombing stopped in mid-June are uncovered every few days. More than 90 per cent of the Serbs who lived in Kosovo in June have now been driven out in terror or have been murdered: more than 90 per cent. Most of the American electorate — most of the lemmings — don't know that; most of them believe the fairy tales the Clinton administration tells them about “peacekeeping” in Kosovo.
The world, however, doesn't believe those fairy tales. The world can see what is happening. The world understands what America has become. America is seen not only as sick and irrational, but as dangerously sick and irrational. It is not a question of if but only of when patriots elsewhere will strike in order to safeguard their own nations. Responsible patriots here really shouldn't just sit around and wait for that to happen.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Jewish Democracy,” aired on September 4, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech.
Name: ______ —___________________            —_ Mail To:
...	National	Vanguard	Books
Address: __________________________________         _	_	„	°	„„
P.O. Box 330
---------------- —-------------      —	Hillsboro,	WV	24946
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year