Free
Speech
uet us dare to read, think, speak, and write.
FREE SPEECH • AUGUST 1999 • VOLUME V, NO. VIII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of Amen-lan Dissent Voices, America’s only uncensored patnotic racho program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (ofAesame issue)fo $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
The Division of America
An interesting tiling is happening in America: the country is moving in two directions at the same time.
On the one hand there's the Clin* ton coalition, moving ever more boldly into the feel-good realm of greater and greater permissiveness, of homosexuality, of feminine values and attitudes, of multiculturalism and “diversity.” This is the part of America which cheered the bombing of Serbia and which supports the concept of a New World Order telling everyone everywhere how to run his life. This is the part of America which is looking forward happily to the continued darkening of America, the part that believes things will be much better when there no longer is a White majority. This is the part of America which believes in equality and democracy and brotherhood; it is the trendy, fashionable, materialistic, con-sumption-oriented part of America, the narcissistic and individualist part, the “me generation” of all ages.
And on the other hand there's the rest of White America. It's the
One faction of America has been brainwashed into thinking this is the future.
Part of White America that not only didn t vote for Clinton and doesn't approve of the way he's running the country, but which is appalled 1 which is horrified — that such a person could have become their President. It's the part of White America
which has not accepted that America should be a policeman for the world, waging war on countries whose internal policies the New World Order trendies don't like. It's the part of White America which has not accepted the notion that homosexuality is okay, that same-s.ex marriages are okay, that homosexuals should be able to adopt children and raise them in accord with their own perversity. It's the part of White America which does not believe in sending women into combat or in keeping our borders open to the Third World. It's the part of White America which does not believe that it's more important to have more diversity and multiculturalism in our schools than it is to maintain rigorous performance standards. It's the part of White America which has resisted the notion that everything White, male, and heterosexual is suspect; the part which is beginning to become a little cynical about the use of the word “hate” by the controlled
4b
media id label everything which is not Politically Correct.
Now, this part of America isn't moving as a whole anywhere. Most of the people in this part of America are in a state of culture shock; they're still trying to figure out what happened to the America they used to know and love. To the extent that this part of America is going anywhere, it is supply* ing a growing trickle of recruits to a resistance movement which is in part an underground army and in part a forum for dissidents.
This growing separation of two parts of America may not look the same from everyone's point of view, and to some it may not be apparent at all. What 1 see, however, is two simultaneous movements away from the center, away from the old status quo. 1 see on the one hand the part which for the sake of simplicity I'll just call the "Clinton coalition" — and please understand that I'm using the terms “Clinton coalition" and “Clintonistas" in a generic sense now, not just to refer to the current gang but also to their predecessors of the same ilk — I see the Clinton coalition becoming ever more outrageous, ever more arrogant and audacious, ever more self-confident and unrestrained; and on the other hand I see the accelerating growth of the organization I head, the National Alliance, and 1 see a growing response to these American Dissident Voices broadcasts.
Now, the way I've described this phenomenon, in a sense I've cast myself and the part of America to which I belong in the role of reactionaries: the Clinton coalition has been pushing policies we don't like, and we have reacted to them. I guess I'd rather be able to think of myself as a revolutionary than as a reactionary, but the truth of the matter is that if the Clinton gang hadn't been pushing policies 30 years ago which 1 saw as policies which would destroy my race and the civilization we built, I would have remained a physics professor. 1 became a dissident, 1 became an activist, in reaction to these destructive policies which were being promoted by the Clinton gang back in the 1960s. They were the revolutionaries; I was the reactionary.
Having become a dissident, however, 1 eventually went quite far beyond merely resisting the policies of the Clinton gang. 1 thought about the underlying flaws in our society and in our system of government and in our pre-
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
vailing ideology and lifestyle which had allowed the Clinton gang to get into a position where it could do us so much damage. Instead of defending the center, I became a revolutionary myself, determined that we must not only defeat the Clintonistas and take power away from them, but that we must restructure our society, restructure our government, restructure our way of thinking and of living so that the enemies of our people could not gain power over us again. So while the Clinton gang continued to move away from the center in one direction, I began moving away from the center in another direction — and now many more people than in previous years also have stopped trying merely to defend the center and are moving away from it with me. Many more people have stopped being reactionaries and are becoming revolutionaries instead. This is the phenomenon which I want to talk about today, this accelerating moving away from the center, this accelerating separation of two parts of America.
There are many different viewpoints from which one can look at this phenomenon. Let me describe for you a film I saw last week which casts light on it from one viewpoint. The film was made in 1995, but it took me four years to get around to seeing it It's called Pure Race, and it's a more or less standard hate-propaganda film of the sort Hollywood has been churning out for the past 15 years or so in an effort to persuade the couch potatoes that anyone who doesn't have Politically Correct ideas on racial matters is a dangerous psychopath. It steals a number of ideas from other propaganda films in the same genre, such as Betrayal and Into the Heartland, both of which came out a few years ago. In fact, Pure Race is chock full of die standard liberal cliches. The film looks at America from the Clintonista viewpoint, and what it says, essentially, is that you can't trust anyone who isn't a Fblitically Correct urban liberal. White people in small towns and rural areas are likely to be dangerous, racist thugs.
The two co-protagonists in die film, a White university student and a Black university student, are driving together through the Pacific Northwest, heading back to school, and they have a flat tire in rural Idaho, where Blacks are not welcome. The two are kidnaped by a neo-Nazi gang, the leader of which is the mayor of the nearest town, and a
prominent member of which is a local sheriffs deputy, and they are turned loose in the woods to be hunted down and killed by the heavily armed neo-Nazis for sport.
Well, that's part of what the film Pure Race says. It also tells viewers that Blacks really are superior to Whites in every way, especially in their attractiveness to pretty White girls, and that we certainly shouldn't be resentful about that. One young White man who objects to the Black co-protagonist making a pass at his girlfriend gets a well-deserved beating from the Black. The White co-protagonist, of the liberal-wimp variety, slavishly admires the Black both for his successful pass at the White girl and for beating up her White boyfriend.
Now, the Jews and their allies make films like Pure Race because the films serve their purpose. They do make Fblitically Correct urban liberal viewers suspicious of White people who live in small towns in places like Idaho or West Virginia. They do convince White university students of the liberal-wimp variety that it's okay for Blacks to date White girls, and that anyone who objects ought to get beaten up. If the films didn't serve this purpose the Jews wouldn't keep making them.
My reaction to the film was that one of the first things to be done when America is restored to health is to hunt down everyone who ever has had anything to do with making one of these anti-White hate propaganda films and deal with him appropriately. And I know that a great many other White Americans would at the very least be angered by this film. The portrayals in these Jewish hate propaganda films aimed at the urban couch potatoes ate starker than they used to be a few years ago. The propaganda is more blatant The films are less subde. And that's because die gap between the two Americas is widening. The films don't have to be as subde as they used to be in order to be effective with their intended audience.
Well, that's one viewpoint Last night I saw another hate propaganda film: a much, much more subde propaganda film than Pure Race. The film I saw last night was a fairly new one. The name was American History X. When this film first appeared a few months ago there was quite a bit of soul-searching and hand-wringing among the Jews and their allies. Many of them thought
© 1999 . National Vanguard Books ■ Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 -
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
3
American History X is more subtle than most Hollywood anti-racism films. Here, the ex-skinhead has a discussion with a “good Black.” The fact that there are good Blacks and bad Whites confuses the hero, and he repudiates his former beliefs.
that it was too subtle, that it might send the wrong message to many viewers. They were afraid that by pretending to be objective, by pretending to be even-handed in its portrayal of Whites and Blacks, it might confirm some Whites in their prejudices.
Well, in case you haven't seen the film yet. I'll describe it for you. The protagonist in American History X is a skinhead in a working-class family in California: a bright and articulate skinhead named Derek, who is a natural leader. Derek's father is a fireman who is murdered by Blacks while trying to put out a fire in a crack house in a Black neighborhood. And I must say for this film, that it does a better job than any other film I have seen recendy of portraying the grim realities of life for young people growing up in the multicultural cesspool that the Clintonistas have made of California.
Anyway, the Black gangs and the intimidation of White kids by Blacks in die schools are portrayed with stark realism in American History X. Watching the film helps one understand why many White kids from working-class families who are forced to attend the muliticulturalized schools in our cities become skinheads. They do it in order to survive. The White kids have been abandoned by the adult establishment, which in order to be Politically Correct must pretend that going to school with Blacks is a wonderful, culturally enriching experience. So the White kids join skinhead gangs so that they can protect themselves from the Blacks.
Early in the film a gang of armed Blacks come by Derek's house at night to steal his truck from his driveway. Derek surprises them and engages in a shootout with them which leaves two of the Blacks dead. Derek is sent off to prison for three years under the theory that he used excessive force in preventing the theft of his truck. While in prison he finds protection from the Black prison gangs by hanging out with a White gang. But when Derek criticizes the White gang's drug dealing, he is savagely brutalized and raped by them to teach him a lesson. After that, without the protection of his fellow Whites he is afraid that the Black gangs will kill him, but a Black prisoner he has been assigned to work with in the prison laundry saves his life by putting out the word to the
other Blacks that Derek is not to be hurt.
To make a long story short, when Derek finishes his three years in prison he is a changed man. He has learned from his experience in prison that not all of his fellow Whites are good, and not all Blacks are bad: not all of them are against him. He is determined to get his younger brother, whom he loves dearly, out of the skinhead scene. But it's too late. His younger brother has made the mistake earlier of standing up to a Black thug who was stomping a smaller White boy in the school bathroom, and at the end of the film the Black thug comes back to school with a pistol and murders Derek's brother.
So the message of American His-tory X is not that Blacks are superior and Politically Incorrect Whites are psychopathic thugs, which is the message of Pure Race. The message of American History X is that some Whites are bad and some Blacks are good: that it's not simply a matter of good Whites and bad Blacks. We see the effect of this message on Derek. It confuses him to the point that he decides to opt out of the very real war going on between Blacks and Whites. He fought in the war and it cost him
dearly. He won't fight any longer. He just wants his own family to be safe. He wouldn't have gone to prison, and his brother would still be alive if they hadn't resisted. The message of American History X is that we should not resist.
And undoubtedly in this feminized society in which we live today that message will be effective with some people. What the hate propagandists are telling us with American History X is, yes, it's a rough, dangerous world out there, but you mustn't try to resist it on the basis of race. Because, you see, there are some very bad White people, and there are some decent Black people. So don't resist. It won't do any good. You'll just get hurt. Just let the process of multiculturalization continue. Just go with the flow and try to make the best of it. Don't resist.
Well, well, well! As if we needed Hollywood to tell us that some White people are bad, and some Blacks are not! Now, for those who are not hopelessly confused by this revelation like Derek was and therefore are not inclined to throw up your hands and surrender, let me carry the message of American History X a step further than its producers intended. Yes, it's a
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • H ilhhoro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
Olive Oatman Olive Oatman was captured by Indians and branded as a slave. If she escaped other Indians would return her to the tribe that “owned” her. When Indians who had abused Whites were caught, they were tried and often killed. No one considered sending in social workers to solve the problem.
war zone out there, and perhaps you will be more likely to be hurt if you don't surrender. But you know, America wasn't always such a multicultural cesspool. The schools in our cities weren't always infested with Blade gangs. Even places like Los Angeles used to be decent, safe, wholesome communities for White families to live. It used to be that White kids didn’t get stomped by Black thugs in the school bathrooms. It used to be that one didn't have to worry about Blacks stealing one's truck from the driveway at night — not even in Los Angeles. In fact there didn't even used to be White drug gangs like the one in the prison Derek was sent to — there didn't use to be such gangs before our whole society became the cesspool that it is today. 1 mean, there was a time when not even the Mafia would deal in
drugs, because drug dealing was considered a “dirty” business.
And the situation is getting worse. The non-Whites are continuing to flood in. California is becoming darker and darker, a less and less tenable place for young Whites to grow up. All of America is becoming darker. White people are losing ground everywhere: in our cities, in our suburbs, in our schools, in our armed forces. Non-White immigrants are continuing to pour into the country. The handouts and the favoritism toward pon-Whites continues. The governments in Washington and in every statehouse in the country and in the larger city halls are becoming more and more corrupt.
Throughout our history our ancestors responded to situations like this by fighting, the way Derek and his brother did in the beginning of the film American History X. We fought our way up from barbarism. We built a civilization. We established a system of justice for our people. We brought order out of chaos. And we fought every step of the way. We fought the Huns and the Moors and the Mongols and the Turks. We built a civilization in Europe in which we knew how to deal with White thugs like those who brutalized Derek in prison. We didn't pamper them or send a social worker out to talk to them. We hanged them. We got rid of them.
We came to America and we fought the Indians. The White set-ders here did not submit to the Indians' atrocities against our women and children. And we did not throw up our hands and surrender when we realized that some of the Indians were friendly — that not every Indian was in the habit of kidnapping White set-ders and torturing them to death in horrible ways. We didn't quit when it dawned on us that we would have a hard fight ahead of us to civilize North America. We fought! We civilized the continent. We built a country where we could live and work, where we could go to school and raise our families in a decent and safe environment: no Black gangs, no Asian gangs, no Hispanic gangs, no drugs, no drive-by shootings, no flood of non-Whites pouting into the country,
no Bill Clintons in the White H It was our America. We fought fN and we built it.	°rit,
And then perhaps we let d our guard. We relaxed too S And so here we are in 1999, with ^ civilization under attack and U-ground on all fronts. The interest! thing about American History X is th^ the skinhead hero, Derek, understoJ and enunciated all of these things % the beginning of the film. He fougL in the only way he knew how to fight in his environment and with his bad. ground, and that was right and good Of course, we can't win this war with an army of drunken, undisciplined carousing skinheads. But at least, the message of the film — its moral - was good up to this point. But then the film revealed its true nature as a hate-propaganda film when it had the Kero discover that there are bad Whites and good Blacks and decide, therefore, that he no longer could fight for White civilization, that it was bad to resist those who are destroying America.
And I guess that propaganda message will be effective with some people — but not as many, I believe, as the producers hoped. I believe that many viewers will go the next step, without my having to explain it to them, and will say to themselves, yes, life is not so simple, but the fact is that we are in a war, and we are losing; conditions are becoming worse. And it is not in our nature to surrender. The only way that we can have a better future for our people is to fight, not give up like Derek did.
And that's the division of America that I see now. I see more people than before understanding that we must fight, even as others are persuaded to surrender. And I do hope that most of you in my audience today will understand that we must fight and will choose to fight with me for a better future.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Division of America,” aired on July 17, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books I Box 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
5
Enemies of Liberty
It has been said that the price of liberty is eternal vigilance. That makes sense to me. I believe it's true. But it certainly isn't good news for America. It's not good news because eternal vigilance is simply too high a price for most Americans today. They're not willing to pay that much for liberty.
I mean, think about it. Vigilance means paying attention to what's happening in the world. It means trying to understand what's happening. One might even have to get up off the couch, turn off the TV for a few minutes, and think. It might even mean missing the Sunday game! Really, that's asking too much of the average American voter. I mean, why should he trouble himself to be vigilant when he's got his buddy Bill up there in Washington to keep an eye on things for him? Surely, if anything important comes up, someone he can trust, like Tom Brolcaw or Dan Rather or Peter Jennings will warn him about it and tell him exacdy what opinion he should have on it. The fact is, he has put off his own responsibility for vigilance onto the mass media. He expects them to be vigilant for him.
You may detect a hint of sarcasm in my voice, but indeed, I am not exaggerating the situation. The average White American hasn't an idea in his head that didn't come from his television receiver. The notion of the average American being vigilant is simply ridiculous. But you know, that really doesn't worry him a bit. He's not interested in liberty, so why should he care about being vigilant? What he's interested in is, when does the next ball game come on? Is there any more beer in the refrigerator? When's supper?
And in America we let these people vote! We put our liberty in their hands. So perhaps we have no right to complain when someone else takes our liberty from the uncaring hands of America's White majority. But if you don't mind, I'll complain a bit anyway. Perhaps some members of the minority of White Americans who are vigilant and who do care about liberty will find some interest in what I have to say.
For a long time there has been a very close relationship between the mass news media and various specifically Jewish propaganda organizations. I've spoken about the dominant
Jewish role in America's mass media many times in my broadcasts, and I won't bore you with a repetition of that again today: the names of the people who own the major Hollywood film studios, the New York Times, and so on. But you know, it goes beyond Jewish ownership of much of the mass media. There are, for example, still many newspapers in America which are not owned by Jews. There are independent radio and television stations. But the special relationship between the Jews and the media applies to most of these nominally “independent” media as well as to the media actually owned by Jews. Let me give you a very specific and very current example of the way this Jewish relationship works. What have you been seeing on television and reading in the newspapers about Serbia since the NATO invasion of that country about six weeks ago? You've been seeing NATO soldiers giving candy bars to smiling Albanian children. You've seen NATO soldiers presiding over the reopening of the Pristina city hall. You've seen NATO soldiers bringing law and order — bringing peace — to Serbia's Kosovo province, now that those nasty Serb soldiers and policemen who had been terrorizing everyone and committing all sorts of atrocities have been chased out of the province. That, in fact, is what virtually all of the news media have been telling Americans. There were a few shootings and burnings after NATO first moved in, but NATO pretty quickly got things under control and has kept the KLA from making trouble.
Now I will read you a news release put out by the Jewish Telegraphic Agency a couple of weeks ago. The Jewish Telegraphic Agency, identified by the abbreviation JTA, is a news agency which operates much like the Associated Press or Reuters or other news agencies, except that it is an all-Jewish agency ana it gathers news of special interest to Jews. The news gathered and reported by the JTA is not secret. Other news agencies or newspapers or news magazines can subscribe to JTA's news and publish it. And many of them do. But they do so selectively. They use only the news which fits, and I'm sure that you understand what I mean by that. Anyway, here's a JTA report written
by Ruth Gruber and datelined Rome, July 5. It's headlined: “Albanian Leader Promises cp Prevent Revenge Attacks on Jews.” It reads:
The leader of Kosovar Albanians issued a written promise to safeguard Kosovo's Jews and their property. Hashim Thaci met twice in recent days with a special envoy of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, Eli Eliezri, to whom he issued a letter ordering "the entire Kosovo Liberation Army under my control to respect and protect all the Jews of Kosovo." The KLA, the letter said, "will also protect and preserve the property of the Jews of Kosovo whether they are present at the moment in Kosovo or are absent and intend to return." It also guaranteed safety to representatives of the [Jewish] Joint Distribution Committee. Despite the assurances, members of Kos-ovo s tiny Jewish community, commonly identified as Serbs, remain under threat of revenge attacks from Kosovar Albanians. Speaking to JTA from Tel Aviv, Eliezri said that the situation in Kosovo remained chaotic and dangerous for anyone not of Albanian ethnicity and not speaking Albanian. Heavily armed paramilitary vigilantes target and threaten such people, including Jews, as Serbs or Serb sympathizers.... The average Kosovar Albanian, Eliezri said, identifies Kosovar Jews, who do not speak Albanian, as Serbs.... "The government wants to control people, but they haven't succeeded yet," he said, adding that Kosovo's Jews are being threatened and ordered to leave their homes "all the time."
Well, this JTA report goes on to describe a few specific instances of Jews in Kosovo being threatened and ordered to leave their homes by gangs of armed Albanians. And of course, you haven't heard a word of the news in this JTA report You haven't seen any of it in the mainstream news media. One of the reasons is that it doesn't fit. It doesn't fit the picture of smiling Albanian children accepting candy bars from NATO soldiers. It informs us that while everything in Kosovo may be all smiles for Albanians and NATO troops on camera, off camera life is hell for the Serbs, with gangs of armed Albanians threatening them and ordering them out of their homes as the ethnic cleansing of Kosovo proceeds under NATO jurisdiction.
Beyond that, let's just think for a moment about what mis JTA report tells us. Let's think about what it reveals to us about the Jews. In the first place, note that the Jews are complaining that the Albanians mistake them for Serbs because, like the Serbs among whom they live, most of the
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
Jews don't speak Albanian — which, incidentally, is a language quite distinct from any other spoken in Europe; the only people who speak it are tne Albanians themselves. Many of these Jews have lived in Serbia for generations; they speak the language of the Serbs; they are mistaken for Serbs; but they are not Serbs; they are Jews. And this is not a religious distinction. Most of these Jews have no religion. Under Tito they were virtually all communists and were riding relatively high.
There's nothing startling about any of this. It is a fact that me Jews live for generations among another people — the Serbs, for example —
speak the language of the other peo-
Etc, are mistaken for the otherpeople, ut remain entirely distinct They are
t
Jews, period. They feel absolutely no sense of loyalty or belonging to the country in which they were bom or to the people among whom they live. They aren't concerned with the fact that the Albanians are terrorizing their Serb neighbors. The Jews of the oint Distribution Committee in the Jnited States and in Israel aren't concerned about the Serbs either. They are concerned only about protecting Jews and their property. Ana reminding the head JCLA thug of the Jews' worldwide connections and of their control over the media in the United States is enough to convince him that the Jews in Kosovo should get favored treatment, that the Jews should be respected and protected while their Serb neighbors are raped, looted, and killed.
So one can imagine how things p now in Serbia's NATO-occupied sovo province. A gang of armed thugs kicks in your apartment door at four o'clock in the morning and begins ripping off your wife's night-
fi
clothes and grabbing the silverware You inform mem that you are a 1< not a Serb and perhaps show tn
em
some unspecified proof of that fact, and they turn your wife loose, give your silverware back to you, and apologize for their mistake. You point out to them that the family living next door are genuine Serbs, and so they kick in your neighbor’s door while you tidy up your apartment and smile at the screams coming from the next apartment. And some people still wonder why the Jews are so Hated!
Why is this significant? Because in America we are taught that the only difference between us and the Jews is that die Jews have a different
The ADL is especially eager to curtail free speech on the Internet ~ the one mass medium not controlled by Jews.
religion. We are taught that, aside from this religious difference, they are
1
just like us, just as American, just as I oyal, just as patriotic. So draw your own conclusions. It's clear enough that one of the reasons the mass media in America didn't print the JTA report I read to you is that the media bosses are afraid that you might draw some conclusions from it.
And remember, that is true of virtually all of the mainstream media bosses in America, including those who are not Jews. This special deal between the Jews and the KLA reported by the Jewish Telegraphic Agency is relevant news, it was available to all of the mainstream media, but none of them would touch it because it tells people things about die Jews that the Jews prefer they not know. That in itself ought to be enough to worry a vigilant American. But before we try to decide what this means, let's consider some more evidence. Let's look at the special relationship which exists between various Jewish organizations in this country and virtually all of the mainstream media.
The Jewish organizations I'm referring to now are those which serve primarily as openly recognized Jewish propaganda and lobbying organizations: organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, the Southern Poverty Law Center, and die Simon Wiesentnal Center. All of
the mainstream media routinely c to these groups as “respected hu^ rights organizations” and take ^ uncritical — almost a worshipful311 attitude toward them. Any release issued by one of these outk is regarded as gospel and is qu0y without question or reservation.
Shortly after the Oklahoma City bombing the Southern Poverty \jl Center sent out a fund-raising letter to its supporters and a press release to the media claiming that it was keep. 1 ing an eye on “over 200" armed and dangerous militia groups in the United States and implied that these militias were somehow responsible for the bombing. The media all quoted this figure of “over 200" mili. tia groups without question and suggested tnat the Southern Poverty law Center and its chairman, Morris Dees, were doing America a favor by warning peace-loving Americans of the militia danger. As a matter of fact there have never been more than a dozen genuine militia groups operating in the United States at any one time — if one specifies that a genuine militia is one with at least 10 active members and some sort of military organizational structure which actually holds meetings and engages in military practice of some sort Not one of these groups poses any conceivable threat to tne public, although occasionally a militia member who likes to collect weapons may get himself in trouble by being caught with an unregistered machine gun or the like. Militias don't even pose a real threat to crooks like Morris Dees, but die media nevertheless collaborate enthusiastically with the Southern Poverty Law Center and other Jewish propaganda groups in raising money from a befuddled public by helping these groups portray militias as a public menace.
The Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith — ADL for short — is a group similar to the Southern Poverty Law Center, and it also makes its money by peddling hate and fear to the public with the eager and uncritical assistance of the mainstream news media. Like the Southern Poverty Law Center, the ADL fabricates bogeymen, concocts phoney “hate crimes,* and distorts facts to suit its fundraising needs. It has repeatedly fed information to the news media it knew to be false: information which he media easily could have checked and found to be false, but instead has published without question. Whenever some-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
thing happens which can be useful to the natemongering and fearmonger-ing of these Jewish propaganda groups — the drive-by shooting of a Black and a Korean by a young White man in Chicago earlier this month, arson committed against three synagogues in California last month — all of these groups are ready with self-serving statements to the media, and the media always are ready to be of service to them.
It would be bad enough if these Jewish groups the media so eagerly front for were merely in the direct-mail fundraising business, but many of them also are involved in far more sinister activity. Police agencies are familiar with the ADL's ties to organized crime, for example, but the American public isn't, because the mainstream media carefully avoid mentioning these ties. In 1985 the ADL gave its annual “Torch of Liberty” award to Jewish organized-crime boss Moe Dalitz at a banquet honoring him for the millions of dollars in gang loot he has poured into the ADL Moe Dalitz was at that time the gang boss of Las Vegas and made his money in gambling, loansharking, prostitution, and contract murder. Later the ADL was involved in the corruption of police departments and the theft of thousands of confidential police files on people the ADL was interested in. Search warrants were obtained, and the ADL's offices in Los Angeles and San Francisco were raided by police to recover the stolen files, but the average American never had a chance to learn about these criminal activities, because most of the media suppressed the news and continued referring to the ADL as a “respected human rights organization.” I mean really, the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith is engaged in large-scale criminal activities, including the corruption of police agencies around the country, it gives awards to notorious organized-crime bosses in return for donations of criminal loot, and the mainstream media continue to tell the public that the ADL is a “respected human rights” organization and continue to parrot whatever the ADL has to say about someone like the Chicago shooter Benjamin Smith and the church to which he belonged. It's surreal.
And the gangsterism of the ADL is by no means exceptional in the ranks of these “respected human rights” organizations. Morris Dees's
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
Morris Dees
Southern Poverty Law Center is hardly better. With the adoring support of the mass media, Dees has combined barratry with fraudulent fundraising to build up a fortune estimated at $100 million. Despite his media support, it hasn't been an entirely smooth ride for Dees, however. He orchestrated a courtroom circus when he was defending a Black female communist who had stabbed a White jailer to death in North Carolina, and he was charged by the judge with attempting to suborn the perjury of a key witness in the case.
Some of his former associates are especially strong in their condemnation of Morris Dees. One lawyer, Courtney Mullin, who has worked with Dees says that Dees is not just immoral, he's amoral. He says that the Southern Poverty Law Center under Dees is an “evil” institution. Another former Dees associate, Adanta lawyer Millard Farmer, calls Dees and his Southern Poverty Law Center “a Jim and Tammy Faye Bak-ker operation.” The problem is that while Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker got caught and sent to prison, Dees is still being quoted by the mass media as a “respected human rights activist.” Really.
Dees is perhaps best characterized by the depositions filed in die Alabama Court of Appeals in connection with his divorce from his second wife, Maureen Bass. These sworn depositions describe Dees's bisexual activity and his sexual molesting of his young stepdaughter and leave the reader convinced that his associate Courtney Mullin's description of him as “amoral” is right on target. Despite all of this, statements put out by Dees's Southern
7
Poverty Law Center in connection with the drive-by shootings in Chicago have been quoted by virtually all of the major news media in recent weeks, of course giving Dees's self-serving spin to the news.
So now I've just discussed two aspects of the way the mass media in America inform the American people about what's going on in the world. I quoted a Jewish Telegraphic Agency report containing news with very interesting implications about the Jewish role in our affairs — a report which was avoided by all of the mass media because of those implications. And I've described the slavish dependence of the media on the biased and falsified reports issued by Jewish organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith and the Southern Poverty Law Center. These are just two illustrations. Next week I'll provide more illustrations.
But today's illustrations are enough, I believe, to persuade most thoughtful people that we have a serious problem with our mass media. And as I indicated earlier, that problem goes beyond the mere fact of Jewish ownership or control of a vasdy disproportionate share of the mass media. What we have is a lockstep ideological orthodoxy which has permeated all of the media. They all follow the Jewish party line, whether they are owned by Jews or not. They all suppress Politically Incorrect news, and they all willingly propagate the lies of Jewish propaganda organizations, such as the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center.
In a free society the most important single function of the mass media is not to bring ball games to the masses, and it should not be simply to make money for the media bosses: the essential function of the mass media is to be diligent and responsible bearers of the vigilance which the masses themselves are incapable of bearing. In America the mass media not only do not serve that function, they consciously and deliberately misinform the people. By so doing they all have become enemies of liberty.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Enemies of Liberty,” aired on July 24, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
Kennedy, Barak, and Revolution
As much as possible I try to base my commentary on current events — on things which people presumably are thinking about because they have been covered recendy by the mainstream news media. Last week, unfortunately, there was hardly anything on the television screens besides scenes of the public lamentation, breast-beating, and garment-rending associated with the latest death in America's rottenest family — well, second rotten-est I am sure that something newsworthy must have happened during the week, but it was crowded out by the Kennedy circus.
I was amazed at the extent of the spectacle: the expressions of grief from all the major politicians and media celebrities, the sidewalk interviews with the lemmings and couch potatoes of various hues who had come out to gawk at the empty Kennedy apartment in New York. It was as if the emperor had died, when in fact it was only an arrogant, puffed-up rich boy who published a slick, shallow, yuppie magazine as a hobby. It reminded me a bit of the public and media reaction to the death of Princess Di last year. She also was a bird-brained non-entity, but she was rich and glamorous, and the rabble identified with her — as apparendy also with John Kennedy, and so the media and the politicians played along. Or maybe it was the other way around. Some media spokesmen even gushed that the Kennedys are “America's royal family.” This reaction to Kennedy's death is an interesting phenomenon which may merit some commentary later.
All I could think about at the time, however, was that taking a ride with a Kennedy has been bad luck for a number of young women. I guess some people still remember Mary Jo Kopechne and Chappaquiddick, but one never hears about the 17-year-old girl whose back was broken when a car driven by another drunken Kennedy overturned. Well, having enough money to pay off the families of drowned and crippled girls has been important to the Kennedys, I
John and Caroline Kennedy
guess. At least, this time the responsible party didn't survive to kill or cripple again.
The big news immediately before the Kennedy circus was the triumphal visit of Ehud Barak to the United States. All of the politicians in Washington were scrambling to do homage. There was one state dinner or diplomatic banquet after another for the visiting potentate from Israel. Bill Clinton followed him around like an obedient puppy. This toad-like little Hebrew with his barely intelligible English was being presented by the media as the great hope for peace in the Middle East:	a	wonderful
improvement, we were told, over the previous top Hebrew, Benyamin Netanyahu. How many times before have we heard this line?
Well, there's no need for me to go into the details of Barak's grand tour over here. I'm sure that all of you saw that on television until you were sick of it. The Barak visit does serve to remind us of the absolute and total corruption of the gang running our country, however. On July 18 Barak was interviewed on NBC's program “Meet the Press.” During that interview he announced that none of the Palestinian refugees who had fled from their homes during Israeli ethnic cleansing programs would be permitted to return. That announcement
received nothing but smiles from the interviewers, and later it received nothing but smiles from Bill Clinton Madeleine Albright, and other members of the Clinton gang, who still were patting themselves on the back for having bombed Serbia into submission, ostensibly so that Albanian \ refugees could return to their homes I in Serbia's Kosovo province.
The Clinton gang would like for everyone to believe that its war against Serbia was based on its opposition to ethnic cleansing and its determination not to let the Serbs get away with chasing Albanians back to Albania.
But when the Jews in Israel do exactly what the Serbs are accused of doing -only more so, because whereas the Serbs chased Albanians out of Serbia and back to Albania, the Jews had chased Palestinians out of Palestine in order to seize Palestinian land — when the Jews engage in ethnic cleansing the Clinton gang has not even a reprimand for them. Instead Mr. Clinton told Barak during his visit that he would give him $1.2 billion from the U.S. Treasury to compensate Israel for the expenses involved in administering conquered Palestinian territory. Mr. Clinton didn't announce this to the American taxpayers who'll get the bill for this latest handout to Israel. Instead he whispered it to Barak, who told the Israeli media, which trumpeted the news trium-phandy to the Jews of Israel in the Hebrew-language press over there. The $1.2 billion from the American taxpayers will be used to build roads linking illegal Jewish settlements in Palestinian territory and to provide additional military security for those illegal setdements, according to the Israeli newspaper Yediot Ahronot. Finally the news appeared in a few newspapers in this country, quoting Yediot Ahronot.
There's other news relative to the Clinton-Barak relationship which never has appeared in the controlled media over here. For example, there's the growing status in Israel of the tomb of mass-murderer Baruch Goldstein. It has become an Israeli
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books I Box 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
national shrine, a sort of second Wailing Wall, with thousands of religious Jews flocking there to worship and pay their respects. Baruch Goldstein, remember, is the Jew from Brooklyn who went to Israel so obsessed with Jewish racial hatred against the Palestinians that he slaughtered 29 of them in February 1994 while they were praying at the Ibrahimi mosque in Hebron. Goldstein sneaked up behind the Palestinians while they were kneeling in prayer and opened fire with an assault rifle, killing 29 of them and wounding another 60. The armed Jewish guards outside the mosque did not try to stop him nor did they think it odd for a Jew to carry an assault rifle into a mosque. In Israel many Jews carry assault rifles in public; it is only in America that the Jews want to ban assault rifles. Goldstein was killed by the surviving, unarmed Palestinians in the mosque while he was attempting to reload his rifle.
Goldstein became an instant national hero to the Jews, and many Jewish tourists from America make a pilgrimage to his tomb near Hebron. The tomb bears an inscription in Hebrew which in English reads: “He gave his life for the people of Israel, its Torah, and its land.” The growing number of tourists and religious Jews attracted to Goldstein's tomb has caused a public debate in Israel: on the one hand there are the Israelis who are worried that the public worship of a mass-murderer might not be good for Israel's image in the United States if the goyim — the Gentiles — who are financing Israel through their foreign aid payments ever find out what's going on, and on the other hand there are those Israelis who want to see the Goldstein cult continue to grow because they are certain that the goyim are too stupid ever to find out what's going on.
This debate has been reported by the Jewish Telegraphic Agency from time to time during the past five years, but the controlled mass media in the United States have carefully avoided the issue. Mr. Clinton, of course, was fully aware of this debate during Barak's visit — he is briefed daily on such matters by the National Security Agency and the CIA — but
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
he certainly did not raise the issue with Barak during the latter's visit. Instead Clinton was very busy urging the Congress to enact an expanded “hate crimes” law that every Jewish group in the United States has been demanding. I suppose that it would have been insensitive of Clinton to raise the Baruch Goldstein issue at a time when the Jews were all beating the drums for more severe punishments for Gentiles who commit so-called “hate crimes.” Anyway, he didn't.
Another Israeli issue which has been kept out of the mass media in America and out of the public consciousness here is what the Israelis are doing in Lebanon these days. Israel, of course, still maintains an occupation army inside southern Lebanon which has been there since Israel's murderous invasion of that country in 1982. The Israelis also finance, arm, and give orders to a gang of Christian Lebanese cutthroats called the Southern Lebanese Army, or SLA. The SLA does much of Israel's dirty work of terror and assassination in southern Lebanon. One of the regular tasks the Jews have assigned to the SLA is the kidnapping of hostages, who are held in a concentration camp in southern Lebanon until such time as the Jews may want to engage in a prisoner exchange with one or another group of Palestinian or Islamic freedom fighters. The Jews refer to these kidnap victims as “bargaining chips.” The camp where the SLA keeps the hostages for the Israelis is notorious in Lebanon for the torture which takes place there. Occasionally hostages escape or are exchanged for Mossad agents who have been caught in any Middle Eastern country, and these former hostages have told their stories to journalists in other countries. They also have told their stories to American journalists, but these stories are never permitted to appear in print in America. Most Americans don't even realize that the Israelis still have an occupation army on Lebanese territory. But we all heard Ehud Barak congratulate Bill Clinton for his role in stamping out what Barak referred to as “Serb aggression.” That “aggression,” of course, was the Serb effort
9
to restore order inside their own country after an insurrection by the so-called “Kosovo Liberation Army.” It's nice to see that Mr. Barak has plenty of what the Jews proudly call “chutzpah. ”
None of these things I've just mentioned in relation to Ehud Barak's visit to the United States are ancient history. They are all things which are happening now: Barak's statement that the Palestinian refugees the Jews ethnically cleansed when they seized Palestinian land will not be permitted to return to their homes is a statement about current Israeli policy; the statement was made just a few days ago, while Mr. Clinton was fawning over Mr. Barak and throwing a state banquet for him on the White House lawn. The debate in Israel about whether the growing cult associated with the tomb of mass-murderer Baruch Goldstein is a good thing or not is going on right now and was going on while Barak was making his triumphal tour of the United States. And Palestinian hostages kidnapped by the Southern Lebanon Army at the behest of Israel are being tortured now, today, and Ehud Barak is the man in charge of the kidnapping and torture.
So perhaps you believe I'm reminding you of these things because I like to beat up on Israel. Really, that isn't my principal reason. I don't especially need to beat up on Israel because Israel already is despised by decent and knowledgeable people almost everywhere. Of course, that doesn't include the people in the media and the government in this country, or America's couch potatoes, who don't listen to Ameri-can Dissident Voices broadcasts anyway.
The reason these things I've mentioned today are interesting to us is not because of what they tell us about Israel or Ehud Barak, but because of what they tell us about the mass media and the government here. With the exception of the question about Palestinian refugees which was asked Barak in his July 18 interview on Meet the Press, the controlled news media in the United States have kept quiet about all these things. And even Barak's breathtakingly arrogant state-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
Bill Clinton and Ehud Barak
ment on Meet the Press that Palestine ian refugees who had been ethnically cleansed by the Israelis would not be permitted to return to their homes — even this really didn't hurt the Jews appreciably.
To get even the simplest message into the consciousness of the average American voter, it has to be repeated at least 14 times. He needs to have Tom Brokaw explain to him, every night for at least two weeks, that Ehud Barak has the same policy toward refugees that Slobodan Milosevic had, ostensibly the policy for which we bombed Serb schools and Serb hospitals mercilessly before invading Serbia so that we could force the Serbs to permit the return of refu-gees to their homes. He has to see the disapproving expression on Brokaw's face and hear the disapproving tone in Brokaw's voice to understand that Ehud Barak's policy of ethnic cleansing in Palestine makes Barak a bad man, like it made Milosevic a bad man. He has to see a TV reporter interviewing passersby on the sidewalk and hearing their disapproving opinions before he feels it safe to have a disapproving opinion of Barak's policy himself. And after all of this
preparation he then needs to be led by the hand to the conclusion that the sauce which is good for the goose is also good for the gander. He needs to be told explicidy that his government should not be giving billions of dollars every year to Israel for doing the same thing we bombed and invaded Serbia for; that the Clinton administration should not be hosting White House banquets for Ehud Barak while pursuing Slobodan Milosevic as a war criminal. If he's not told these things explicidy and repeatedly the average American voter won't get it.
But Mr. Clinton certainly gets it. Everyone in a policymaking position in the Clinton government gets it. Everyone in an editorial position in the news media gets it. These people are crooked, but they're not stupid. They are criminals, but they do understand what they're doing. And it's important for us to understand that they understand what they're doing.
I don't want to insult your intelligence by telling you this 14 times, but I'll tell you just one more time now, because it is important. The government we have in Washington now — this monstrous thing which has
mutated and devolved from the government set up by the Founding Fathers of this country — cannot and should not be reformed or repaired or salvaged. It should be pulled down and have a stake driven through its heart. Everyone who is a part of it should be dealt with in the same way. You don't reason with people like Bill Clinton and Madeleine Albright You don't explain to a Senator Kennedy or an Al Gore or to a judge of the Supreme Court or to any other Washington politician or bureaucrat that his policies are harmful to America. He will simply think that you are crazy. I mean, who cares about what's harmful to America? That's completely irrelevant to the people in Washington. If you want to make an impression on anyone in Washington today, you must convince him that you are willing and able either to hurt him or to help him.
That's the way the government works now. Lobbyists attempt to persuade politicians and bureaucrats that it will be to their advantage to adopt the policy favored by the lobbyist — or to their disadvantage not to adopt it Politicians bargain with their fellow politicians: you vote for this, and I'll vote for that. And looming above everything else is the power of the controlled mass media to make or break any career.
Even patriots have played this game, with letter-writing campaigns to the Congress, with donations to lobbying organizations, with rallies for one candidate or another. But to play the game is simply to feed the beast, when what we need to do is kill the beast. And you know, this is not a theoretical discussion. The beast — the government in Washington — kills people. It kills our people every day. It starts wars to enforce its will. It fires cruise missiles at those who defy it. And it makes policies which kill us and our kinsmen as surely as one of their bombs or missiles does. The 14 Serb farmers who were slaughtered in their field while trying to bring in their wheat last week were just as surely murdered by the government in Washington which chased the Serb police and the Serb army out of Kosovo province and left the Serbs there at the mercy of KLA gangsters as were
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
the Serb women and children in Belgrade on whom our warplanes dropped cluster bombs a few weeks earlier. The women who are raped by non-Whites in our cities every day, die people who are murdered by non-White criminals every day, are just as much the victims of the Washington government as are the murdered wife and child of Randy Weaver or the murdered church members in Waco. They are victims of the immigration policies and the “diversity” policies and the so-called “civil rights” policies of the government.
The government kills people. And when we play the government's game we become accomplices. We become accessories to murder — just as surely as the members of the Clinton administration and the members of both parties in the Congress become accessories to the murders committed by Baruch Goldstein when they support the policies of the government of Israel or vote to give money to Israel.
Everybody is familiar with the cliche about politics being a dirty business. Everyone expects politicians to lie and bureaucrats to be hypocrites. And people believe that we just have
to put up with this, that this is just something inherent in all government, that there's nothing we can do about it. But that attitude is dangerously wrong. The situation in Washington has gone far beyond the point where we merely get our hands a little dirty when we collaborate with the government. This government is pushing us to the brink. This government is not just corrupt; it is terminally rotten. It is pathological. It is like a mad dog that must be put down — and soon.
And perhaps it seems that I simply accentuate our impotence as citizens when I say things like that, because none of us individually has the power, the means, to put down this sick and destructive beast in Washington. And I know that some people believe that there's nothing we can do about the government, so we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
Well, even though no one of us can singlehandedly drive the stake through its heart, we still can fight the beast, and by fighting it we can bring closer the day when many of us working together finally will be able to drive the stake home. It is useful even now to speak out strongly against the
Authoritarianism
Three weeks ago we talked about the fact that America is divided into two camps that are moving in opposite directions ideologically. I pointed out that on one side is the Clinton coalition, which believes in democracy and equality and “diversity” at any cost and is stampeding happily and mindlessly coward the precipice of a non-White majority in America, and on die other side are the folks who are saying, “Whoa! Going over that precipice is not a good idea!”
All of us can see where the Clinton coalition is headed. Just turn on your television set The Jewish propaganda is becoming more and more extreme. What the Jews are presenting as the norm today is much, much closer Co the precipice than the norm they were presenting 10 years ago, or even five years ago. There is no doubt
The multi-racial cast of Oz
that they are moving, that they are stampeding the lemmings.
Washington government, to force people to recognize its crookedness and its destructiveness by holding up examples of the sort I have held up today.
Too many people are afraid of the government, afraid that the FBI will get their names on some sort of “enemies list,” afraid that the government will retaliate against them the way it did against Randy Weaver's family. But that is a coward's excuse. We should not be thinking about the ways the government may hurt us; we should be thinking about the ways we can hurt the government and those who collaborate with it. We should make the government fear us. And if enough of us speak out, if enough of us talk just about the things I have touched on today, the government and its collaborators will fear us.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Kennedy, Barak, and Revolution,” aired on July 31, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
and Oz
The movement of the people on the other side — on our side — away from the center is not as visible to most Americans, because we don't control television. But I see the unmistakable movement, as people who five years ago thought I was too extreme are today joining my organization, the National Alliance. I certainly haven't compromised or softened my position, but more and more perceptive and responsible Americans are realizing that the government in Washington is indeed out of control and is pushing us toward racial annihilation, and they realize that they must take a stand, that they no longer can ignore what's happening. And as I said, I am in a position where I can see this movement in my direction, as more and more of the
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
On the television show Oz, Whites are often depicted as vicious scumbags...
most perceptive members of our sod-ety respond positively to my message.
The Jews, of course, also see this movement in my direction. That's why they make such a media circus out of a trifle like the case of the University of Indiana student Benjamin Smith shooting a Black and a Korean a few weeks ago, while their media ignore much more atrocious crimes which happen every day. That's why they're pushing so hard for firearms confiscation and for laws against what they call “hate speech.” If the whole herd were stampeding in the direction the Jews want them to go, the Jews wouldn't get so excited about such matters. But the Jews understand that not everyone is going their way. They understand that more and more people are dropping out of their herd and coming my way, and it worries them; it worries them even though there still are far more people moving their way than my way.
Well, today let's not talk about people who're moving in our direction. Let's talk instead about the people who're the problem. Let's take a closer look at the people who're moving the way the Jews want them to go. And I don't mean the Blacks or the
swarms of wetbacks coming across our southern border. I don't mean the growing portion of the population which consists of raceless mongrels, the consequence of the Jews' propaganda for miscegenation during the past generation. I don't even want to consider the portion of the White population which is on the dole and whose only real concern is the size of the checks or the other perks they receive from the government. Let's just look at the able-bodied White men and women who are earning their own keep but who have turned against their own people, their own race, and are going with the Jews.
Some of us have an opportunity to come in contact with such folks on a regular basis at work or in school; we have an opportunity to talk with them and to listen to them talking among themselves, and so we may be able to gain some insight into the way they think, into their values. We may be able to understand what's wrong with them. All of us can watch television, and from that we can see which direction the Jews are pushing these people. And of course, what we see when we watch television is not some big-nosed Hollywood studio boss preaching to us and telling us that we
ought to behave in a certain way and think in a certain way. What we see are actors and actresses that the viewers can identify with behaving in the prescribed way and saying the prescribed things.
My own situation does not bring me into close personal contact with many people who follow the Jews, and most of the television that I watch, other than the news, is something that a friend or a listener has recorded and sent to me because he believes that it contains something significant that I should see. But I do have a special window into the enemy camp. I receive a great deal of mail from listeners of every persuasion. Perhaps as much as a quarter of this mail is hostile, and I find it very interesting to read this mail and to try to understand what motivates the writers. Today I'll share with you a few of the tentative conclusions I've reached in this regard. And I stress the word “tentative,” because this subject of human motivation is tricky and complex, and I'm not at all sure that what I'll tell you today will be the final word on the matter. And I should caution you that with all complex subjects my approach is to attempt to simplify the subject as much as I can, to try to get my mind around one or two key ideas before I start adding the refinements and complications.
Roughly half of all the hate mail I receive is explicidy Christian in some way. And if we look only at the mail from White haters, and don't even consider the letters from Jews, the Christian hate mail may run as high as 60 per cent. So what does that mean? Does that mean that there is something inherent in Christian doctrine which is responsible?
I don't think so, because 50 or 60 years ago most people who considered themselves Christians were not advocates of the policies the Jews are pushing today. One of my tentative conclusions, after studying a large number of these hate letters with Biblical references or some other Christian slant to them, is that what the writers have in common is a compulsion to think, speak, and behave in an approved manner. Most of these Christian hate letters come from people who are not very sophisticated
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
13
and not well educated, judging from the ways in which they use the English language.
Of course, that doesn't mean that the people who hate us are all uneducated and unsophisticated. I also receive some hate letters from people who at least think that they are quite sophisticated. Whereas the Christians will tell me that I am going to hell because God hates people who criticize the Jews and then will cite some Bible verse to prove it, the sophisticates — really, pseudo-sophisticates — will sneer at me and tell me how stupid I am because I can't get it through my thick skull that all people are equal, that the color of a person's skin has nothing to do with his intelligence or creativity or anything else. And they also will cite some authority to prove their point — not the Bible, but something they have seen on television or learned in class.
And of course, there are other sorts of hate letters. There are hate letters from the Birch Society types, who tell me that I am a communist because I am a racist and racism is a form of collectivism, just like communism. And these folks also will quote some authority to prove their point.
When I back away from all of these individual hate letters, when I don't think about their individual differences but instead look for common elements, what I see is authoritarianism. I see haters who are angry at me because I'm not marching in lockstep with them toward the precipice. Perhaps I'm misusing the word “authoritarianism.” Perhaps other people have a different meaning in mind for the word than I do. I remember that back during the 1960s and 1970s the Jews used the term “authoritarian” as a pejorative. They used it to refer to people who stood in the way of their remaking of America.
The Jews called the people who objected to their pro-Viet Cong demonstrations “authoritarians.” They called people who were not in sympathy with their so-called “civil rights” revolution “authoritarians.” They called people who refused to adjust their moral standards to the new standards the Jews were pushing “authoritarians.” In the 1960s and 1970s an authoritarian was an old-fashioned,
... while Blacks are portrayed sympathetically.
not-very-bright person who frowned on the use of LSD and marijuana by high school kids. An authoritarian was a flag-waving Bible-thumper who deplored the changes in sexual mores the Jews were pushing and thought people who burned their draft cards ought to be sent to jail. An authoritarian was an inflexible, humorless, narrow-minded person: a bigot, a hater, a racist, an anti-Semite. He was an Archie Bunker. He was the sort of person who told a hippie to get a haircut and find a job. The Jews made hundreds of Hollywood films during
that period in which the villain was an authoritarian.
Now, back during the 1960s I was trying to figure out what was going on. I didn't pay much attention to the psychology7 of it at that time, but I did notice the type of people the Jews were complaining about and denouncing as “authoritarians,” the Archie Bunker type. I certainly wasn't on the Jews' side of what was happening then, but I can't say that I was on the authoritarian side either. I thought that the authoritarians were a little too uptight in their sexual atti-
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
White inmates menace Black inmates on the prison basketball court.
tudes, for example. 1 didn't have much sympathy with their Biblical arguments or their Constitutional arguments for opposing the changes the Jews were pushing. My impression was that their resistance to the Jews wasn't guided by much in the way of reason.
The Jews don't complain much about authoritarians these days. They don't bother to ridicule them the way they used to. Archie Bunker did his job and is now in retirement. But as I have been trying to understand the motivations of the people who send me hate letters today, 1 keep having flashbacks to the 1960s and 1970s, when I saw White Americans standing on streetcorners and yelling at college students of the Bill Clinton stripe who were marching down the street carrying Viet Cong flags. They would shout things like, “Go to Hanoi, you commie bastard!” The idea that keeps coming to my mind is that the people who were shouting that in the 1960s are the same sort of people who are sending me hate mail today.
I was a lot closer to agreeing with the 1960s-style authoritarians than I am to agreeing with those of the 1990s style. The 1960s authoritarians may not have been very bright, and
they were wrong about some things. For example, most of the American college students marching for the Viet Cong in the 1960s weren't really communists; they were just shallow, spoiled, irresponsible, trendy brats doing what had been made fashionable on their campuses by the Jews. But those 1960s-style authoritarians were not basically destructive. They were not dangerous to our civilization or to our race. They were just pretty much thoughtless defenders of the status quo, defenders of what they had been taught was right and proper.
Today's authoritarians are a different matter. Their psychology may be the same as that of the 1960s authoritarians jj and like the authoritarians of 30 years ago they also aren't very bright — but their cause is deadly. The 1990s authoritarians are out to destroy our civilization and our race, because they have been taught that that's the right and proper thing to do.
What's really interesting to me about all of this is what it tells us about the nature of our struggle, about what will work for us and what won't work. What won't work is trying to change the ideas or the ideology of most of the White men and
women who are dancing to the Jews' tune and heading for the precipice now. We can't change their ideology because they really don't have an ideology. We can't reason with them because their behavior isn't based on reason. They are not defenders of equality and democracy and diversity because they really believe in those things. What they believe in is defending the status quo, defending what they have been persuaded all right-thinking people support and believe in, defending the Great God of the Tube. And of course, they believe in hating anyone who speaks against the Great God of the Tube, anyone who ridicules what the Great God of the Tube teaches, anyone who criticizes those authority figures who speak to them so convincingly from the tube every day.
One cannot change the allegiance of an authoritarian with any sort of reasoned argument. One can, of course, change the authority that he worships. One can change an authoritarian's direction by changing the status quo. Christians write me today and damn me to hell because I refuse to accept the fact that Jesus wants all the races to be mixed together. Christians with the same sort of mentality were writing hate letters 50 or 60 years ago to interracial couples and explaining to them that racial mixing is contrary to God's plan. The Bible hasn't changed. Christianity hasn't changed. But the sold-out preachers and sect leaders — the authority figures for these Christians — have changed the way in which they interpret Christianity for their flocks.
Authoritarians are not bad people just because they are authoritarians. In the Middle Ages they burned witches, but in the 1960s they would happily have burned communists. Today they would like to burn White racists. Authoritarians always are defenders of the status quo; they always are worshippers of authority. Whether their role in society is constructive or destructive depends on who the authority figures are. In trying to change authoritarians, one does not argue ideas with them; one changes their authority figures, if one can.
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 1999
15
We should note that there also are White people moving in the Jews' direction today who are not authoritarians. There are people who are motivated by what they perceive as their self-interest. There are some businessmen, for example, who believe that non-White immigration and so-called “free” trade bring them more profit. There are some people — White men — who can justify anything which brings them a profit or helps their careers. There's not much point in arguing ideas with these people either. The only argument that they will understand is one which is to the effect that they will lose a lot more than profit or a career if they persist in their present ways. And one should not try to make that argument until it can be made convincingly.
And there are many White people who are neither amoral businessmen nor authoritarians — at least, not authoritarians in the religious sense, not in the sense of worshipping authority — but who do tend to go with the flow, who do tend to do whatever is fashionable or trendy at the moment. We don't get many hate letters from these people, because they don't have strong convictions, one way or the other. But there are lots of them, and it may be worthwhile to argue with some of them.
A conclusion we might draw from what I've said today is that we won't win many of our benighted White brethren away from the Clinton coalition with ideas or reasoned argument: some, but not many. They certainly can be won over, but we don't have the means to do that at
this time. Most of what we can hope to accomplish at this time is to help decent and reasonable men and women of good will — men and women who never have been part of the Clinton coalition — understand better the situation we all are in and the process which is carrying all of us to disaster; and then to motivate those with understanding to quit being spectators and to join us in an organized effort to take back our world. It is only through organization that we can acquire the means to begin making an impression on the trendies and the authoritarians and the careerists.
One final thought today, just in case some of you believe that I have exaggerated in talking about the urgency of our situation or die animalistic and mechanical nature of many of our fellow citizens. There's a television series called Oz which you ought to watch. It's on Home Box Office, HBO, which is a subsidiary of Time-Warner, headed by that nice Jewish boy Gerald Levin. The executive producer of the Oz series itself is another nice Jewish boy, Barry Levinson. I don't have access to HBO myself, but a friend recorded a few episodes and sent them to me. Like much of Jewish television, Oz is not very realistic, but it does provide a stark and graphic picture of where the Jews are pushing America, where they are pushing the lemmings. It is not at all subtle in telling us that homosexuals are sensitive and caring people; that Blacks are strong and intelligent; that Jews are noble, inoffensive, and long-suffering; that interracial sex is good and natural; and that racially conscious Whites are despicable and beasdy.
This is a Jewish message aimed at the lemmings. It speaks to the lemmings direcdy from Mr. Levinson's black heart. And there is no doubt that the message has the desired effect on its White-trash viewers. If it didn't have good ratings, Gerald Levin wouldn't bother to poison the airwaves with it. The Jews, of course, always have been pushing in the same direction. But Oz shows us how far they have moved in that direction. Such a television series would have been inconceivable 10 years ago — even five years ago. But today, with millions of mindless, trendy White kids in their backward baseball caps, singing the rap ditties they have been taught by other Jewish media bosses, trading basketball cards with their favorite Black sports heroes on them, Mr. Levin and Mr. Levinson have figured that they can get away with pushing a little further. And they are getting away with it.
So tune in to Oz. View a segment of it. Don't let yourself be offended by the language or the gutter-level imagery. Study it. Think about its message. Think about what is in the Jewish minds of the people producing this filth. Think about what these Jews are aiming for. And remember, this is not some obscure, underground production viewed by only a few warped fans. This is mainstream America. This is Home Box Office. This is Time-Warner. The people who produce this filth are the biggest financial contributors to the Democratic Party. They are the Jews who got Bill Clinton elected twice. And the people who watch it and like it are the people who kept Bill Clinton's popularity polls up during his impeachment This is not some bad dream. This is real. This is what is happening today.
So now, what are you going to do about it? Why don't you write to me? Why don't you join the National Alliance and work together with me?
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Authoritarianism and Oz,” aired on August 7, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe -to SpeecH
Enclose, $40 jyon a one yea/i subscription to SpeedL (jouii subscription dedps to keep ^Awie/iicon Dissident Q/oiCes on tde Clin.
*	Malto:
Jlawt: ..................................
. . ,	^fationaC,	M/angua/id
-dad/ieSS:	-r? , 0
...-------- ............-----------------   Books
P.O. 'Sox 330 <WiMsbojto,
24946
© 1999 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year