FREE SPEECH • August 1996 • VOLUME II, NO. 8
Nelson Rosit, Editor
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per annum, including special offers and quantity discounts on tapes and printed materials from National Vanguard Books; Defenders of the First Amendment who donate $300 per year or more will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Manuscripts will be gladly considered for publication or broadcast, but authors are encouraged to retain copies in their possession as no assurance can be made of their return. Our preferred format is 3.5-inch IBM-format diskettes, but neatly typewritten pages are also acceptable. Articles may be edited or expanded for broadcast or publication.

IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Reports from Our Correspondents
Kevin Alfred Scrom


Betting on Both |jj|j Horses |j
. Ian McKinney




mp
Wm
Stand Still* Little li;:|:|||Lambs ||(j
III K^n‘->yir^ Strom fHU
IHIIiIK &
Jeremy Miller
The White Man’s J! Disease
Kevin Alfred Strom
I- &.
Reports from Our Correspondents
Racial News from Around the World
by Kevin Alfred Strom
In this article we will be looking at news items, both profound and absurd, sent in by ADV listeners around the world, which have been overlooked or underreported by the controlled media. In a previous article I detailed a few of the many so-called hate crimes that actually turn out to J>e hoaxes perpetrated by the so-called oppressed groups them-selves. Just after I filed that article an-
other item was sent to me which continues the long list of such hoaxes. It’s from the Pensacola NewsJournal, June 1, 1996:
MIAMI — A Jewish father and son team were convicted of staging hate crimes by defacing a Jewish school’s buses to drum up repair work.
Al and Steven Rubin arranged for two teenagers to vandalize school buses and spray-paint anti-Semitic slogans and swastikas around Hide! Community Day School last year.
, Steven Rubin, the school’s transportation director, directed repair business
to his father, who owned Priority Car Care. The son also was accused of faking work for his father, including $79 oil changes billed at $4,000.
David Michael Brown, a mechanic who once worked for Al Rubin, testified he acted as the middleman, paying the vandals $50.
. . . Steven Rubin was found guilty of nine counts of theft, three counts of burglary, two counts of criminal mischief, and burglary conspiracy. Al Rubin was convicted of nine counts of theft.
In this case, fellow Jews were the
monetary victims of this “hate-crime* hoax — but had the real perpetrators never been caught, who would have been blamed for these incidents? How many such “racist" incidents, which make their way into the frightening “hate crime" statistics that the Jewish lobby now requires our police agencies to compile, are in reality as-yet-unexposed hoaxes?
The Sun Jose Mercury reports that two Baltimore Sun reporters paid $1,000 to
01996 National Vanguard Booh Box 3)0 Hillsboiv WV 74946 $40/ytat
41
H
m
slave ownm in Sudan for two Sudanese brothers who had been abducted from their home six years ago and since then had worked as slaves in the fields. The reporters, after purchasing the pair, granted them their freedom.
This recent item demonstrates the absurdity of the controlled media’s anti-White guilt-mongering on the subject of slavery’. The enslavement of one tribe of non-Whites by another tribe of non-W&tees* or by their own tribesmen, is still taking place on the continent of Africa and elsewhere in the non-White world.
Slavery in Sudan is notorious, and despite government denials and more than one official banning it still flourishes. It is also endemic in Mauritania, likewise on a massive, institutionalized scale. In these cases it is usually Islamic Berbers or Moors who hold Blacks in captivity, though some Blacks participate in the marketing of their own kinsmen. Blades hold other Blacks as slaves in Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Ethiopia, and Rwanda according to Michael Harris of Anti-Slavery International.
Jews, along with European Whites, were prominent in the historic Atlantic slave trade. That trade lasted for about three hundred years, until it was abolished by White Europeans. But Blacks had been capturing and enslaving neighboring tribes since time immemorial, and had been supplying Arab slavers with their fellow Blacks for 1,000 years before the Europeans arrived — and they are still doing it. Scholars estimate that over 14 million Blacks were transported to the slave bazaars of Arabia, a greater number than were shipped to North America. At those slave bazaars, by the way, Blacks were offered up for sale on die same blocks where White slaves were being sold. In fact some of the slave-trading Black kingdoms, notably the Ashanti, enslaved all foreigners they could get their hands on and traded them for Arab gold and trinkets. These captives sometimes even included Europeans shipwrecked off western Africa.
Long before the arrival of the White man, Amerindians owned slaves, Slave-catchers" were sent out after battles to round up the enemy wounded for a lifetime of slavery. In some tribes tfie slaves accounted for 15% of the population. Sometimes Indian ‘‘potlatch* cere*
Free SPEECH for August 1996
monies included the killing of large numbers of slaves just to show off the wealth of the slave owner.
In Thailand, Sri Lanka, the Philippines, and other parts of the Third World, it is well known that parents sell their children, girls and boys, into slavery to sex club operators who use their young bodies to attract the shekels, yen, and dollars of “sex tourists,” foreign and domestic, with various types of perversion. Some of these children are as young as six years old. Many are sent to other countries, and slave merchants report that they can get five or six times the price for a child under sixteen as for an adult slave. This differential reflects the high demand for young sex slaves to satisfy the unnatural urges of perverts.
Anti-Slavery International estimates that 55 million children between the ages of 4 and 14 are enslaved in India. Some work in brothels where they may endure dozens of sexual violations daily. Some work 18 hour per day, seven day per week in textile, fireworks, or other manufacturing sweatshops. These child slaves are often b urned, branded with red-hot irons, starved, whipped, chained, raped, and kept locked in cupboards for days.
In the Oaxaca Mountains of Mexico, women often sell their children and ask few questions about what will become of them. The going rate is from under $10,000 to about $20,000, depending on the child’s complexion and whether the purchaser is a Mexican or a rich Westerner. The highest prices are fetched by children whose fathers are White men and who inherit their fathers’ coloration. These are used to supply the huge adoption market in Europe and America, where abortion has literally thrown a generation of White children into the trash, forcing would-be adoptive parents to look elsewhere. A White man traveling in rural Mexico can often have his choice of young Indians or mestizas to sleep with — so anxious are they to give birth to a child of “high value.” The “adoptees" are the lucky ones. Not so lucky are those sold into lifelong slavery to rich Mexicans, who may treat them as they will. Unluckier still are those sold to pedophile! and pimps.
In this short time 1 have just barely sketched the outlines ol slavery us it existed and still exists, and 1 haven’t even mentioned the historic enslavement ol Whites or the existence of White slavery
in modern Israel, which I wrote about several months ago in this newsletter. Suffice it to say: Slavery has been a factor in virtually all human societies since the dawn of history. It has not been a phenomenon peculiar to White societies, and in a sense quite the opposite is true. It was White people who first abolished the institution of slavery, since many rightly came to view it not only as pernicious to the well-being of the slave, but also degrading to the master, inimical to the interests of the White laborer, and destructive of the racial integrity of the nation. It was White people who first introduced the concepts of self-government and individual freedom and responsibility into the world.
The Black writer Orlando Patterson just about said it all on this subject when he stated: “There was no word for ‘freedom’ in most non-Western languages before contact with Western peoples.”
Let’s review a few news items that have crossed the wires recently:
In Baltimore, Maryland, an outfit called Healthy Start Men’s Services, which undoubtedly is funded by your tax money and mine, purports to have as its purpose teaching inner city Black men how to be good fathers. According to a report in the San Jose Mercury, they describe as a “typical case” a 44-year-old Baltimore man who, during those periods when he was not incarcerated, fathered eight children by five different women and who candidly admits he never took fatherhood seriously. If this is their typical case, I would shudder to think about the bad ones.
LAGOS, NIGERIA — Newspapers report that over sixty people became sick after drinking Sun Light dishwashing detergent. The labels were clearly marked “detergent” but did show a picture of a lemon and the words “real lemon juice." Instances similar to this also were reported, several years ago, in large, heavily Black metropolitan areas in the L^nited States when detergent samples were delivered via the mails.
And, on a much more serious note; LIBERIA — Sensi Mornoh is a li-
©1996 National Vunpiatd Bookt Box 330 HilUboro WV 24946 $40/yeat
STREET FIGHTING, MONROVIA, LIBERIA Liberia originated as colony for freed American slaves, hence its name. The capital, Monrovia, was named In honor of President James Monroe, who supported the goal of repatriating American Blacks to Africa. So it Is not too surprising if the scene above reminds you a little of the mayhem in the South Bronx and South Central Los Angeles.
Culture has a biological or genetic basis, and the Black inhabitants of West Africa and America share the same genetic heritage. Decolonization and "civil rights" movements have lessened the influence of Western culture on Black communities wondwide. This has allowed Blacks to begin to revert back to their natural societal pattern, which veers between despotism and anarchy.
(DJ 996 National Vcingiutrcj. Bookt Box 330 HiUtboto V/V 24946 $40/yetir
Free Speech for August 1996
3
berian living in a village to the northwest of the capital, Monrovia. A civil war has been raging in Liberia, and a few weeks ago soldiers from one of the factions arrived in the village. Did they arrive to establish control and enlist the support of the villagers. No. Garnering support was the farthest thing from their minds. In fact, when they arrived — unopposed — in town the first things they did were fire their guns at random and ransack the huts. But that was far, very far, from the worst of it. Listen to Sensi Momoh’s own words:
They killed my brother. They opened up
his body and took the heart out. They put it in a big pan and cooked It in palm butter. Then they ate it.
Was Sensi Momoh’s brother a member of an opposing faction in the civil war? No. The driving force behind this savagery is not politics, and this was not an isolated case. The driving force is an ancient African belief system that posits that by eating certain human body parts the cannibal may gain in power and strength.
Many of the refugees from the war, now in camps outside Monrovia and accessible to the few Western journalists
still remaining, described similar acts of cannibalism, which are believed to confer supernatural powers upon the bloody feasters. A woman related how she had seen young soldiers of Alhaji GV Kro-mah’s “United Liberation Movement" cut out the heart and testicles of five young boys and eat them. While this was taking place Kromah himself sat as a member of the Council of State in Monrovia, put there by Western peacemakers trying to reform Liberia’s bloody ways.
Liberia may be an extreme example, but parallels in Rwanda, Kenya, Rhodesia, Angola, Katanga, and pre-colonial
Africa abound. Absolute autocracy is the only way that Atrican societies have been able to maintain a measure of order and peace. The slightest vacuum of authority results in chaos.
It is also interesting to note that across Central Africa the eating of ape meat is commonplace. The Africans indulging in this practice believe that consuming the ape will endow them with the strength and cunning of the beast. This is clearly a variant on the beliefs of the cannibals, and may be a relict of cannibalistic practices which have been at least partially suppressed. It is hard to imagine that the similarity to cannibalism is lost on the participants.
The vice president of the Wildlife Conservation Society, John Robinson, is worried that the practice of killing and eating apes is so prevalent that extinction is a real possibility. He stated:
Except in locales where the hunting is light, the exploitation of most species is not sustainable.
The World Society for the Protection of Animals launched a large ad campaign beginning in 1990 to protect these animals and discourage the killing and eating of them at ritual feasts. The result was no change in the African’s beliefs or eating habits, but there were charges of “cultural insensitivity” from the more dedicated equalitarians.
Foolish indeed are those who think that Western money or “ideals” will have any lasting effect on the African manner of political succession or spiritual beliefs. And even more foolish are those who think that we can become one genetically with the African without becoming like him intellectually, morally, spiritually, and politically as well.
WASHINGTON, DC - The most recent crime statistics, as you may have heard trumpeted in the media, indicate small decreases in violent crime over the last few years. Despite this, of course, crime is tremendously greater today than it was before the Third World invasion of America and the to-called “civil rights” revolution. And 1 have a healthy skept icism about these reports of decreasing crime, and I'll tell you why after we review some of the statistics: Overall crime has diminished slightly, but some
Free Speech for August 1996
crime levels have exploded. Currently there is one violent crime every 17 seconds; one property crime every 3 seconds; one murder every 23 minutes; one forcible rape every 5 minutes; one robbery every 51 seconds; one aggravated assault every 28 seconds; one burglary every 12 seconds; one larceny every 4 seconds; and one motor vehicle theft every 20 seconds.
In the next thirty minutes six more women will be raped.
According to the Department of Justice: In 1960 there were 160 violent crimes for every 100,000 Americans.
In 1994 there were 715 violent crimes for every 100,000 Americans.
They also say that since 1990 violent and property crime have declined by respectively by 2.2 and 8.5 percent.
Now those are fascinating figures; but I think that crime in non-White areas is vastly understated in the statistics for several reasons.
In some of these areas the crime situation is so bad, crimes are so omnipresent and so routine, that only a fraction are reported. Secondly, of those reported some are “lost in the shuffle” of paperwork because of an inefficient and/or vastly understaffed and overworked police force who must make the time to deal with “priority situations” and let the rest slide. Even many of the reported and recorded crimes are not really investigated, and never show up in arrest or conviction statistics. Remember that these conditions exist mainly in heavily non-White areas, so the huge difference between Whites and non-Whites in their propensity for crime is probably considerably understated.
I worked for many years in the occupied Washington, DC, area. My work took me often into the areas where the tour buses (and sometimes even the U.S. Mail) won’t go. 1 have personal knowledge of what such urban hells are like.
LOS ANGELES, CALI FORI A -Those of you who are skeptical of that New Age therapy, “Past Life Regression,” will probably not he surprised at the innovation o( psychiatrist Adrian binkel* Mein, which he calls “future Life Progression.” No slouch, l inkelstein does not merely claim to see your iuture incunui* lions but claims lie can 41 reconstruct
your future lives so as to ensure rf. you’ll come hack as someone rich famous. Such a service would undouh edly be worth millions of dollars, hut full of altruism is Dr. Finkelstein that h only charges the suckers, uh,... I clients, two hundred dollars per hour
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz pub. lished an article by Jewish columnistArj Shavit in which Jewish control of the United States was frankly admitted. The really strange thing is that this column was reprinted on May 27 by the New York Times, and except for courageous commentator Joseph Sobran Americans are averting their eyes from the forbidden and embarrassing truth.
Shavit is not pleased by the coldblooded killing committed by his fellow Israelis in Lebanon. He states in the article:
We killed them out of a certain naive hubris. Believing w ith absolute certitude that now, with the White House, the Senate, and much of the American media in our hands, the lives of others do not count as much as our own. . . .
It is just as I wrote several months ago — some Jews now believe that they can get away with anything. Non-Jewish lives count for nothing. Do whatever you want, and our spin doctors in the media will keep the American cattle from lowing. Kill at will, and the President and his appointees and the Congress will smile and hand you even more billions of the U.S. taxpayers’ money. Remember, “the White House, the Senate, and much of the American media are in our hands.”
Now if I stated such a thing, or if any White American stated that the government and the media in this country were “in Jewish hands,” we’d be talking “hate crimes” and “bigotry” and that most terrible crime of all, “anti-Semitism." Let us thank Ari Shavit tor clearing the air and speaking the truth, and forever making it impossible to deny exactly who is responsible for America’s decline to the status of an occupied nation.
lTus article is based on the Anion can Dissident Voices program " Race News from Our Lx>rrespondentsi” aired on July 20, 199b. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid.__________
C1996 Nutionul Vmigiumi Booh Box 330 Hilhboio WV 2494o $40/year
Free Speech for August 1996
5
Betting on Both Horses
American Conservatives and the Jews
By lan McKinney
The conservative movement can basically be divided into two factions: paleo and neo. The paleo-conservatives consider themselves to be the true conservatives. For them, cultural and social issues generally take precedence over economics. And admittedly they hew much closer to what we might think of as traditional conservatism, which was represented in the past by such notables as Senator Robert Taft, and today by persons such as Pat Buchanan and certain leaders of conservative Christianity. They are what might be properly designated as America’s right wing.
The neo-conservatives, on the other hand, are regarded by the paleos as the new or “liberal” conservatives. Many of the latter are former liberals interested in preserving the status quo of post-New Deal America, or they are those who abide by liberal doctrines in all fields except economics. Neo-conservatives such as Rush Limbaugh, Newt Gingrich, and William Bennett are representative of this faction. For anyone who takes the time to listen to these people it is obvious that economics is usually at the forefront of their thinking. It is the filter through which they judge most issues.
The differences between the neos and the paleos become more marked the closer one approaches the touchstone issue of race. Neo-conservatives are for the most part in total agreement with the liberal left on such things as racial differences, race-mixing, and immigration. For them there are no significant intellectual or behavioral differences between Blacks and Whites. And although they sometimes decry multicultural ism, their opposition is based mostly upon the premise that multicultural-ism causes dissension among trie races. Ideally, to their minds, tin-
greatest social progress will occur when all racial awareness is extinguished. Rush Limbaugh was rubbing our faces in multiracialism when he held his marriage ceremony at the racially mixed household of Black Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and his White wife.
The neo-cons have no aversion to interracial marriages or non-White immigration. For them what created America and made it great had nothing whatsoever to do with the race of its founders and majority population. For them, and for Reds and liberals also, the fact that America was founded by White people and based upon White European traditions and culture is just a coincidence and certainly nothing we should waste time dwelling on today. The neocons
RUSH LIMBAUGH
The noo-con “Fatso" Limbaugh simply represents the right wing of the Now World Order He cares nothing about Western civilization or the White race. Money is his overriding concern both personally and philosophically. Ho Is as much a materialist as any Marxist.
insist that America’s success was due to the “free enterprise system” and the absence of an overt class system.
The paleos, most of whom are scared to death of being called “racists,” often stress the idea that culture is the determining force in all societies, but when pushed to the wall they will probably admit that race had something to do with creation of much that was good in America. Occasionally a few paleos are very forthright in their ideas on racial matters. For example, many of them reject the policies that spewed forth from the Warren Supreme Court which invalidated hundreds of long-standing laws protecting White racial integrity, and a few of them will even admit this.
Dr. Samuel Francis is a noted paleo-consevative spokesman and former editor for the conservative Washing' ton Times. In a recent issue of the American Renaissance newsletter Francis wrote:
Whites must correct the political and legal order to end the political power for non-white minorities and their white anti-white allies. This political effort would involve a radical dismantling of all affirmative action and civil rights legislation as well as a good part of the Federal superstructure that entrenches minority power.
Francis is probably one of the most outspoken figures in the pa-leo-conservative movement when it comes to racial matters. It is significant to note that he has been reported to be a close associate of presidential candidate Eat Buchanan and one ot Buchanan's “idea men.”
As a consequence ot the above article, the WusKingfon Times bowed to the screams ot the Politically Correct censors and promptly fired Dr. Francis. But don’t think tor I minute that those making a din were exclusively the screaming meenues on the liberal leti! No, I number ot prominent necK:af^iM
01996 National Vamnutnl Iholo Box JJO Hillsboro WV 24946
6
vatives were in the forefront of the crusade to destroy Francis. Prominent among these neo-cons was Linda Chavez, non-White immigration apologist and president of the Center for Equal Opportunity, who was bitterly outraged that Francis would have the nerve to utter such Politically Incorrect thoughts. Chavez helped spearhead the campaign to destroy him. Now mind you, Francis’ essay was not published in the newspaper of which he was an editor, but a small circulation newsletter. Still, Chavez and others like her simply cannot tolerate anyone expressing what she contemptuously referred to as “filth” even in such a relatively obscure venue.
In Dr. Francis’ rebuttal to her attacks he describes the mind-set of the crypto-liberal neo-cons. He wrote:
Free Speech for August
candidate Patrick Buchanan. In an ostensible defense of Buchanan he wrote:
Despite his abrasive remarks about Al-PAC, (a branch of the powerful Israeli lobby) in 1991, Buchanan is not an anti-Semite. About half of his inner circle, which includes a Hasidic rabbi, is Jewish; and his praise for the present Israeli government is even more extravagant than was his criticism of the former Likud regime.
In 1993, it was disclosed that approximately 57% of Bill Clinton’s appointments were Jewish. Considering that Jews make up only about 3% of the total U.S. population, that figure seemed truly astounding. However shocking that might be, it is much more surprising and disturbing when a man like Pat Buchanan, thought by many to be a defender of Western civilization if not the White race, has Jews comprise 50 percent of, not just his occasional advisors, acquain-
tances, or campaign workers, but ofhis “inner circle” — his confidential advi.
sors, speech writers, and political con. sultants. Now, many aware people might not be surprised if they were told that Buchanan had a Jew or two among his associates. And one might even convince oneself that Buchanan thought such a thing wise so as to deflect charges of anti-Semitism. But we’re not talking about one or two Jews. We are talking about the disconcerting discovery that Jews constitute 50 percent of his closest advisors.
First, as much as we may sympathize with Buchanan’s independence from :he New World Order gang and the |ewish establishment, we must remember that he is not a racial patriot. He was one of the first Republicans to denounce David Duke for his racial opinions when Duke was garnering huge support among White Louisinnnns. Buchanan
was a
functionary or tne ruxon administration when that administration was bussing little White children into ghetto hells, and we have no evidence that he used his position to do anything about it.
Assuming that Gottfried is not exaggerating, this revelation may actually be good news in a way. For decades the Jews have rarely failed to attack and suppress any candidate that espoused anything remotely resembling nationalism and especially one that was tinged with White racial undertones. What this revelation of Jewish penetration into Buchanan’s inner circle really tells us is that these ideas — political and economic nationalism — are
ideas whose time has come, and the Jews are very concerned. They are concerned enough to infiltrate the staffs of some of the most
prominent proponents of these movements.
Now, there are those that will say to me: Can't you accept that there are at least some Jews not engaging in or supporting act hr
PATRICK BUCHANAN
Although the paleo-conservative Buchanan Is made of sterner stuff than the neo-cons he still refuses to deal with the critical issue of race No conservative is worth his salt if he Is not willing to conserve our race and the natural environment we need to survive
(DJ996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/>’ur
That mentality (neo-conservatism) is so narrowly constricted to its own assump-
tions, values, ana Deuers
that it finds it impossible to give any benefit of the doubt to those who dissent from it ... . Most conservatives are familiar with this mentality, if not from firsthand observation, then at least from the results of its blustering course through history in such windbags as Cromwell, Robespierre, John Brown, and the Abolitionists. Chavez and her brood are well met in their company.
Now as far as he goes, Francis and the publica-lions that support him would appear to be courageous spokesmen for White people, and I suppose in their minds they believe themselves to be just that. They obviously
are courageous. However, there is still one topic on which they maintain a “hands off position —-the Jewish question.
in the article, “Whither the Populist Wave," that appeared in the July 1996 issue of a paleo publication, Chrorv ides, the Jewish author, Paul Gottfried, revealed a relatively unknown fact concerning presidential
Free Speech for August 1996
7
ties which are detrimental to America and the White race? Yes, 1 can accept that.
There are Jews who are not anti-^Xhite crusaders, destructive media moguls, or Marxist subversives. I know Jews who don’t support many of the destructive activities of organized Jewry. Jews, especially non-influential ones, live in many of the same neighborhoods that we do, and they have also become victims of the non-White violence that organized Jewry has unceasingly fostered. I know Jews who deplore non-White immigration and racial mixing. But I am not here to make excuses for the Jews.
But let’s not fool ourselves: If a few Jews denounce these things, its not because their goal is to preserve the White race. Perhaps there is a growing awareness among some Jews that an America dominated by non-Whites might not bow in veneration to the “Chosen People." Non-White domination might bring about conditions far worse for the Jews than anything they experienced in Europe or America. Recall especially the numerous anti-Jewish pronouncements made in recent years by some of Louis Farrakhan’s lieutenants. Also, I suspect they realize that the growing number of Asians might represent a group more difficult to deal with than Whites. It is interesting to note that Jews have made few significant inroads in Asian nations.
Given these circumstances, should it surprise anyone that a few Jews are making their way into what they see as “safe” nationalist publications such as Chron-icles, American Renaissance, and others? But when I see large percentages of Jews prominent in such publications alarm bells start going-off in my head. This indicates that there is more afoot than just a few conservative Jews looking for cover amidst the multi-racial chaos now permeating American society. It makes one suspect there’s a concerted effort by certain Jews to prevent any backlash against themselves for all the anti-White activities engaged in by organized Jewry for the past fifty years and more.
if these conservative Jews were really sincere and really wanted to fight for the preservation of America, then their energies would best be spent denouncing the activities of organized Jewry. But, as far as I know, none of these Jews in the paleo-conservative movement has uttered one peep against the anti-White activities
of their fellow Jews. Not much is said by them with regard to the Jewish domination of the Marxist movement and the destruction it has wrought. Not one word in exposing the Holocaust myth and the White collective guilt encouraged by its promoters. And most important of all, no condemnation of the filth and anti-White subversion that have been and continue to be rammed into the public’s mind by the Jewish-controlled news and entertainment media. No, we haven’t heard much of anything from these “Good Jews” on any of these important issues. Nonetheless, I have been recently informed that a Jewish speaker at a past American Renaissance conference, when cornered on this issue during a private conversation when the microphones were turned off, frankly admitted that organized Jewry has been a driving force behind a multitude of anti-White operations for many years. Despite this discrete private admission, the same rabbi has never seen fit to reveal publicly this important fact.
In view of these Jews’ recent claims of supporting the White racialist movement, one might certainly be excused for asking, what better work could these Jews engage in than enthusiastically exposing the destructive chicanery of the Jewish power structure? After all, who could attack a Jew as a “Nazi” or anti-Semite? As far as I know, there has only been one Jew to do this with real energy and commitment, and his name was Benjamin H. Freedman. He exposed the activities of organized Jewry for all to see and spent his fortune in the effort; he held nothing back as he exposed their lies and subversion. He depleted his wealth and sacrificed his reputation exposing the anti-Western animus behind both Zionism and Communism, and he equally exposed the Jewish domination of the American media. While I assign considerable credibility to Benjamin Freedman, I hold in extreme suspicion those Jews now making their way into several branches of the “Patriotic” movement. Many of them seem to be devoting their efforts to smearing, threatening, and purging so-called “anti-Semites” from patriotic groups. Jews agitating around the fringes of Second Amendment and militia groups are vehement in their frantic denunciation of all “racists” and openly hope that the gun owners will begin shooting racists when the time is
ripe. Beware, beware, beware.
Most of the blame really falls at the feet of Patrick Buchanan and those like him for failing to recognize that Jewish interests do not coincide with our interests, and for allowing themselves to be co-opted while posing as the “Great White Hope.” But as I said before, as deplorable as these things may appear they show that the feeling of nationalism and the pressure of an awakening White people are making themselves felt in American politics. The Jewish power structure is still working feverishly to suppress it — but despite their best efforts this racial attitude continues to grow and is resonating in the minds of more and more White Americans. So now it is evidently the time for the Jews to use other measures, namely to corral potential White spokesman or political candidates and render them impotent; let them wail against the Blacks, mestizos, liberalism, affirmative action, etc., etc., just don’t allow any criticism of God’s Chosen.
Even if such a Kosherized White movement succeeded (very unlikely since the Jewish fifth column would be in a good position to torpedo any impending successes) and re-established White America more or less as our forefathers intended it, the Jewish minority would still be a dangerous incubus on the body politic. Not because Jews espouse this particular creed or that — creeds can be picked up and discarded with the ease with which one dons or doffs a mask. No, they cannot be allowed to lead us, simply because they are not us, because they regard themselves correctly as a different people, with their own interests.
When Jewish interests conflict with ours, as they surely will, they will sacrifice us in an instant as they have proven time and time again throughout our people’s history.
So the next time you hear an ostensibly patriotic radio program or listen to a conservative candidate’s message, see if you can detect a Kosher imprimatur. It may well be there.
This article is based an the American Srag deni Voices program “Betting an Both Hones,” aired on July 27, 1996. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available item National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid.
01996 National Vanguard Book} Box J)0 HtlUbotv WV $4$44 |4£VVar
Free Speech for August 1996
Stand Still, Little Lambs
The Medical Care Mess and Other Economic Dislocations
by Jeremy Miller and
Kevin Alfred Strom
This article was adapted from an essay entitled "Stand Still, Little Lambs, and Prepare to Be Shorn." The author, Jeremy Miller, also wrote “The New Slavery," which was serialized by American Dissident Voices and Free Speech earlier this year. Mr. Miller is a graduate student in economics who has worked at high levels in major U.S. corporations. He has devoted much of his energies in recent years to public education regarding the destructive effects of so-called “equal employment opportunity” on our economy and society.
Question: Why do you have to pay $8.00 for a wooden tongue depressor?
WHAT???
Here’s why.
Let us begin with a brief quiz.
You will be asked to compare Situation 1 with Situation 2.
Situation i: Group A, consisting of
100.000	individuals, visits the doctor for a certain medical procedure, and each person pays his own bill.
Situation 2: Group A and Group B, each consisting of 100,000 individuals, visit the doctor for the same medical procedure as in Situation 1. However, in Situation 2 you have persons in Group A paying not only their own bills, but also picking up the tab for the members of Group B as welL
Now for tire question; How much more will the members of Group A in Situation 2 pay for their procedures?
Will they pay double the amount that they pay in Situation II
The answer is no! The amount paid by Group A in Situation 2 will be signify candy more titan double that of Situation 1. In Situation 2 you have 200,000 individuals visiting die doctor, and this is a dear case of higher demand relative to Situation 1 in whidt there are only
100.000	doctor visits. Simple supply and
demand analysis tells you that higher demand results in higher prices. So in Situation 2, Group A members are harming their own interests by picking up the tab for Group B members because when a member of Group A visits his doctor, he will have to face higher prices.
Isn’t Situation 2 similar to what we see in the United States, with White people picking up the tab for the underclass’s medical treatment? Actually, the reality of what goes on is much worse than Situation 2: The medical procedures demanded by the underclass are not quite the same as those needed by traditional Americans; and the per capita demand for services on the part of the underclass is out of proportion relative to their numbers.
For example, you will see many more gunshot wounds among the underclass. Each case can cost $200,000 or even more!
As another example consider maternity cases. These are likewise very expensive. The underclass is reproducing at a rate nine times greater than the American portion of the population, and we are picking up the tab for this reproduction. When White couples consider the inflated price tag of a new delivery some decide that they cannot afford it, thus contributing to a lower White birth rate and even the ultimate extinction of the race.
One more example is lung cancer. Smoking is more prevalent among the underclass, so they will be overrepresented in lung cancer cases. So when a While American faces cancer treatment the price is sky-high, due in part to the treatment demanded and given to the alien races we subsidize.
Now consider AIDS, and the dispro-porttonal number of tion-White AIDS victims in the United States. Consider also the fact that even most White victims of this plague ure part of a self-selected, coddled, and subsidized minority. Need 1 say more?
There are other factors which add
even more upward pressure to the price of medical treatment. One of the greatest evils is the nature of the administration of medical insurance — whether public or private.
Let me digress here. When you dent the fender of your car and you take it to the body shop the first question you will hear is: Are you insured or not? This is because the body shop operator is going to quote one price if you are insured and another price if you are not. The body shop operator knows that he can easily inflate the price if you are insured because you will not care since someone else will be paying the bill, with that someone else (the insurance company) being so far removed from the situation that it finds it easier to pay the bill than to haggle.
You will find the very same thing happening in the medical profession. The first question you will be asked is: Are you insured? Don’t kid yourself. Bill-padding is extremely prevalent in the medical profession, and it contributes to extreme upward pressure on medical prices for the insured and uninsured alike — with Medicare and Medicaid being as much to blame as private insurance companies.
What you will also see when someone else is picking up the tab for medical services are indiscriminate visits to the doctor for the most trivial of cases. People go running to the doctor for the smallest splinter or hangnail — visits tor which they would never be willing to pay themselves, thus raising overall demand for medical services and hence raising prices. The ramification of this is that many doctors find they can earn big bucks for the easiest of work.
This writer lives in an area which is rapidly going Third World. The prevailing price here for first-time doctors’ visits ranges from $200 to $300 plus extras.
Why should a doctor bother with brain surgery or trauma burns when he can earn $800 per hour pulling out splinters? This means that brain surgery
01996 National Vanguard Book* Bax 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $4Q/ytw
Free SPEECH for August 1996
9
and burn treatment will be left to a dwindling minority of doctors who will charge astronomical prices as their supply dwindles.
Too frequently doctors are providing substandard treatment to patients, and they take the attitude that the patient has no right to complain because, after all, the patient got the services free! (That’s
not really true, of course. Someone else is paying the bill.) Then these doctors simply advise the patient to go elsewhere for further treatment, and the patient rarely protests because he knows that his bills will be paid until his condition goes away.
So now we see patients visiting two, three, four, or more doctors before they
receive the proper treatment or the proper diagnosis. This likewise contributes to higher demand for medical services, and again higher demand results in higher price pressures.
Equal employment opportunity’s ruination of jobs and wages at lower levels has caused an upward invasion of people into higher professions. In other words,
1BLACK TEENAGER WITH GUNSHOT WOUND RECEIVING With serious injuries and no medical Insurance this adolescent could receive
people will run to whatever profession still enables them to eat. When people are strictly motivated by financial gain to enter the medical profession, then you will see many marginal performers among the bunch, and as a further consequence malpractice will rise, and so will malpractice insurance rates.
These higher rates will be spread out among all medical practitioners, who will just pass the higher costs on to their customers: that is, to the patients in the form of Higher medical bills.
At this point you may think that the only salvation from all this is personal medical insurance. However, this is not quite right.
First of all medical insurance can cost several thousand dollars per year, and this expense applies even if you are lucky enough to never use your medical insurance. If you think your employer should provide you with group in-
Free Speech for August 1996
anyone who wants it is a great evil which sends everyone running to the doctor, thereby raising demand drastically, and thus raising prices dramatically? Not to worry, says the administration. The government will impose medical price restrictions which will prevent the projected rise of prices. But wait another minute! Didn’t Richard Nixon clearly demonstrate that government price controls were a total disaster?
Let me tell you what I predict will result from governmental price controls in the field of medicine. You will see the emergence of a two-tiered market for medical services. The first tier will be the legitimate, above-ground market in which you have the price controls and in which you will see severe shortages of available services and supplies. Long waiting lists will develop. As a result a second tier will appear, an underground black market in which it will be possible to immediately
obtain the desired high quality services just as long as the going rate (that is, the exorbitant rate) is paid. You are already seeing something akin to this under Canada’s governmental system of health care.
Instead of resorting to a black market, Canadians are bypassing the long lines in their own system of so-called “free* medicine and crossing the border to obtain desired services at the going rate in the United States.
Conclusions: If Whites in America subscribe to the equalitarian tenet of picking up the tab to provide the underclass with health care services in any given market, then White America may very well find itself going broke trying to keep the remarkably ungrateful dark ones healthy, while at the same time unable to afford to keep its own families well. This is exactly what we are seeing in the field of health care today.
ps interesting to notej that the daily in-patient rate in a municipal hospital near here, which caters to an increasingly Third World population, is $1,450, but if you can’t afford it, you don’t have to pay!
The socialistic idea of guaranteeing everyone a certain standard of living— or level of medical services in the immediate case — regardless of the worth that person is ascribed in the free market is a faulty one indeed, and it has tailed miserably wherever its implementation was attempted. The idea is bad enough when it is attempted within a relatively homogeneous and advanced White society. When it is applied to the boiling pot of multiracial America the result is corruption, theft, and ultimately destruction and collapse of what used to be the finest health care establishment in the world.
If the government makes an attempt to provide certain services which an individual could not at-tord on tree market determined wages, then the
surance, tne cost or this will just be deducted from the gross pay that you would have been making in the absence of this benefit.
Anyway, efforts at cost containment are being madfe, with the pendulum swinging to the opposite extreme to some extent.
Some insurance companies, in a desperate effort to rein in escalating medical costs, are now indiscriminately disallowing certain expenditures instead of indiscriminately approving them.
Similarly, HMO’s are cutting allowed treatment to the bone, but these actions are hardly a solution and hardly in the best interest* of patient care.
Enter the government! Bill and Hillary wanted, and pending re-election probably still want to institute a national health care system which will bring virtually everyone under it* umbrella of protection.
But wait a minute! Didn't we already establish that guarantees of medical to the underclass or
care
WELFARE MOTHER WITH THREE OF HER CHILDREN White taxpayers subsidise the reproduction ot the underclass through medicare and other government programs
QJ996 Nutmtutl Vunguuid &	£	Hrllibvrv	WV	24946	940/yeai
government is giving that individual an incentive not to work and not to save, and this is another fatal bug in the system. Even the concept of insurance is a little socialistic. But remember that the rational men in charge of insurance companies would never voluntarily assume the risks of covering the subhuman behavior and chronic inability to pay common among the underclass. Equalitarian laws demanding coverage for those who can’t pay their way and who engage in animalistic, unhealthy behavior are going to destroy the system to the extent that decent, hard-working people will lose out completely. We are heading in that direction very quickly.
A further thought: As the underclass expands, average intelligence of the population decreases, as does the understanding of what constitutes quality health care. If the patient population becomes more dumbly complacent about the level of service it receives from the medical establishment, then what is supplied will be adjusted accordingly to meet that which is demanded. To put it a little differently, as the minority becomes the majority, the treatment provided to every* one becomes geared to the lower expectations of those who receive the most treatment. The bottom line is lower standards!
It looks as though sometime soon we may have to return to the system as it was in the days of Dr. Dan, when everyone managed his own health care decisions according to what he could afford, and if he couldn’t afford it, he pulled his own teeth and set his own broken bones.
And if you still think that the politicians will pull a rabbit out of the hat and make everyfhing okay again, then all I can say to you is: Stand still, little lambs, and prepare to be shorn.
Upward Invasion of the Professions
With equal employment opportunity's downward wage equalizing effect suppressing wages to the value of the least preferred job candidate within each job category you have a situation where workers will perceive a powerful incentive to upgrade their skills and invade higher profession* to recoup their losses in purchasing power.
Tlie ramification of the above is that you will start to see situations of oversup-
Free Speech for August 1996
ply of labor in certain higher job categories, thereby driving down the compensation levels of those job categories. With the exodus of the best and the brightest from each lower profession, you will see average capability levels in all professions decline. You will start to see an economy without substance, because it is in the lower professions where much bottom-line productive work is done. You will have a society approaching the “all chiefs and no Indians" anti-ideal. You will see over-emphasis on education to the point where a mere college degree becomes virtually worthless. Only a “brand name” degree (e.g. Harvard, Princeton, Yale, etc.) will count for something, thereby increasing demand for “brand” name degrees and sending their prices through the roof — while wages still continue to head south. Eventually holders of even “brand” name degrees will face a job market with declining, downwardly-equalized wages.
Aren’t we seeing all of the above in the United States labor market?
For example, consider medicine and law. Because job and wage opportunities are being extinguished elsewhere in the economy, applications to medical and law schools are up even though compensation levels in medicine and law are going down.
For you computer people out there, consider Web page design. Companies are frantic to develop Web pages, but not just because they are fans of state-of-the-art technology. Far from it.
What they are eager to do, above all else, is the ultimate downward equalization of their customer service representatives by eliminating them and getting their customers to do their own data entry on a Web page. What will become of the displaced customer service reps? They might go to a two-bit commercial school on a government grant and study Web page design and invade that job category thereby creating an oversup-ply of labor in it. Just look at all the promotion on TV for people to upgrade their computer skills — promotion that is chock-full of fallacies.
I he socioeconomic hierarchy is like an organization churt, which is in turn like a triangle — wide at the bottom and narrowing at the tip. What you have now is a rush of persons from the wide bottom squeezing, shoving, viciously vying,
11
and undercutting each other in order to secure a position near the narrowing tip. The low paid jobs in the wide bottom (where wages are still being depreciated due to EEO) go begging.
What is the response of the world manipulators to this state of affairs? They go running to the government to open the floodgate to immigration to fill those jobs at wages below the poverty line (at least by U.S. standards). The dumbest student of high school economics knows that the worst thing to do is to allow immigration when there are declining wages in a country. After the immigrants have become established the best and brightest of the second generation feel the pinch of downward wage equalization, and they too go on an upward invasion into prestigious universities and professions!
Let us take one last look at the racial angle to the economic morass we are sinking into: From the analysis of downwardly equalized wages we see that labor buyers will not pay White wages to lesser preferred job candidates (at least not for long). Well, what about sellers of products or services?
If a seller is required to charge equal prices to preferred and non-preferred buyers alike, will we see:
1.	) Landlords charging White rents to Blacks, or will they charge Black rents to Whites?
2.	) Doctors charging White rates to Blacks, or will they charge Black rates to Whites?
3.	) Hotel owners charging White room rates to Blacks, or will they charge Black room rates to Whites?
4.	) Theme park operators charging White admission fees to Blacks, or will they charge Black admission fees to Whites?
Sellers will almost always raise prices to reflect the higher costs of doing business with non-preferred buyers.
When we cannot make free choices, when we are forced by law to treat the unequal equally, then there is a terrible price in wealth and freedom to be paid — | terrible price that cannot be hidden much longer. It is not exaggeration to say that it is making our society dysfunctional.
The high-tech American economy and booming stock market may seem, in some ways, to contradict the picture 1
<01996 National Vunyutnl Booh Box ))0 Hilhbotv WV 24946 $40/ycar
have painted. But remember, there is a lot ot momentum built up from the days of freedom and of White America. The American economy and equity markets are like the ocean with the crests of the waves getting higher and higher. But if you look closely, the tide is going out, and as the inevitable forces of Natural Law wreak their vengeance on those foolish enough to disregard them, the undertow is pulling us down, down, down.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voice program “Stand Still, Little Lambs,” aired on August 3,1996. Acassette recording of this braodcastis available from National Vanguard Books for $12 postpaid.
Call of the Blood
Seventeen different songs, sixteen original compositions, Dresden'a Call of the Blood is a new kind of folk-rock written by Joseph Pryce from a radical pro-Ary an point of view. This audio cassette, with lyric sheet, is available tor $12 95 postpaid
National Vanguard Books
01996 National VunViu,d books bo* B HiUibaro WV 24946 $40/year
Free Speech for August 1996
Subscribe to Free Speech
You may have received this copy of Free Speech as a sample issue. If you are not already a subscriber, subscriptions are $40 for twelve issues. For $300 per annum you can become a Defender of the First Amendment and receive, in addition to this newsletter, a weekly cassette recording of the American Dissident Voices radio program.
Your subscription will bring you insightful articles that keep you informed about facts and ideas the controlled media never mention.
Another benefit of a subscription is quantity discounts on many of our publications, normally available only to book dealers.
Finally, as a subscriber you have the satisfaction of knowing your subscription helps us to purchase expensive air time so we can continue our radio outreach to White people worldwide.
Be part of the solution. Subscribe today!
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330
Hillsboro, IVV24946
Free Speech for August 1996
13
The White Man’s Disease
Our Body Politic Is Suffering from an Acute Infection
by William Scott, Jr. and
Kevin Alfred Strom
Imagine for a moment that you are a physician and you have come across a patient who has some very strange symptoms. Although at first he seems healthy, upon closer examination you can see that he is suffering from a dangerous and possibly deadly illness. There are many bizarre characteristics associated with his condition. For example, although the patient feels certain that something is wrong, he is uninterested in taking even the most minimal steps to restore his health. Upon further investigation you discover that this person’s body has been invaded by various types of foreign bodies, pathogens and parasites, which are causing a great deal of damage. Also, from a look at the patient’s medical history we discover that the main infection occurred several decades ago. Until re-cendy this main infection had remained hidden, but now the major symptoms are too obvious to ignore. Presently the victim is so badly weakened that other invaders that had previously been unable to enter the body are also on the attack.
One of the most amazing features of this strange ailment is that the patient is under the delusion that he cannot recover from this illness since he thinks that to resist the attack would be “unfair” and “mean” to the invading bodies. Incredibly, he actually displays remorse for having resisted the infection in the past. As unbelievable as it sounds, the patient at times lapses into hallucination and claims to “identify” with the infecting entities and sympathize with their plight of trying to find a host body in which to exist. He strangely believes that he can co-exist with the pathogens and create a situation that would be beneficial to all. At times dwelling on his illness becomes overwhelming and the patient simply chooses to ignore the symptoms and his deteriorating condition. Obviously this person is suffering from severe delusions, which you strongly suspect to be a
result of the main infection itself. This psychosis even goes so far as to cause the patient to react violently toward anyone who tries to carry out a cure, as evidenced by the vicious attack he made some years ago against his neighbors and family when they attempted to help. Now as a consequence the condition has spread and his neighbors are now also suffering with the same ailment.
The prognosis is uncertain. Although the patient appears to have the potential to expel the invading organisms, he lacks the will to do what needs to be done. Apparently the crux of the problem is his psychological disorder, a form of dementia. If this can be successfully dealt with, then recovery looks favorable. It should be noted that this man has prevailed against similar invasions in the past and perhaps with that medical history he can rally to defeat this infection. However, it should be noted that the longer the ailment progresses, the more radical will be the regimen needed to effect a cure.
The sick man is America, and his neighbors with the same malady are the other nations of the Western World. The recent invading organisms are the millions of alien race and culture who have streamed across our open borders in recent decades, though they are not the main infection which has paralyzed our immune system and our will to resist. We are like the patient described above, suffering from a threatening illness that we are pretending doesn’t exist or which we are actually helping in many ways to destroy us.
It is sometimes useful to think of a nation as a living body, an organic, biological entity-, for concepts that apply to the natural world also apply to nations. The present situation in our country is very much like a biological invasion of the human body. Our nation has for years been undergoing a silent invasion. It is an invasion that has been unseen or ignored. Unfortunately, most of us were too busy making a living for ourselves and our families to pay much attention. We assumed our political leaders were taking care of such things. When the
reality became too intense we retreated to the suburbs, we retreated behind the walls of our homes, and we retreated into the fantasy world of television or other entertainment not realizing that we were sucking on a teat literally filled with sugar-coated alien poison. Often we simply pretended the danger didn’t exist, or rationalized that it was occurring in places where gladly we didn’t live. Or we adjusted our values and accepted the new and horrible reality as “good.”
Well now the chickens are coming home to roost, and we are reaping the harvest of our ignorance and apathy. It is becoming increasingly difficult to insulate ourselves from the world we only saw through the TV a few years ago. All the things we wanted to avoid are now arriving in our own neighborhoods. So instead of seeing the dark, menacing faces of third-world immigrants and minority gangs members only in TV news reports on poverty and crime, we see these people with our own eyes in our own towns.
An inoffensive few non-Whites at first appear, but as their numbers grow we notice that once clean and safe areas of our towns are turned into places we want to avoid. We find our children are no longer safe in the schools, but are now menaced and harassed by the invaders. In the face of all this we remain like the person suffering from the mysterious disease who will not accept treatment. And exactly like that person, we aid the invaders at our expense in the form of free medical care, welfare hand-outs, multilingual education for their offspring, and a host of other advantages that we don't give to our children. Think about it, we are actually depriving our own children so that the invaders, the majority of whom are here in violation of even our current lax immigration laws, can get ahead in education, jobs, loans, housing, and a dozen other areas. The great writer Wilmot Robertson had it right when he referred to traditional White Americans as the “Dispossessed Majority.”
If all this were not enough we allow, by our inaction or at times our active collaboration, the Politically Correct sup-
01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 HMUkm WV 24946 ^40/ytar
H	Free	Speech	for	August	1996
pression of our own natural defense against this invasion. If any public Figure makes a statement favorable to White Americans or critical in even the slightest degree of minorities, he is immediately labeled by our enemies as a “hater,” “racist,” “bigot," or “anti-Semite.” In the rare cases when such a person is not immediately forced to find a new line of work or brought up on Orwellian “hate crime" charges he is at least forced to grovel before the Semitic nabobs of our newspapers and television networks. Andy Rooney, Jimmy the Greek, and Dolly Parton come immediately to mind. Poor Dolly Parton made the mistake of saying out loud what everybody knows but is not supposed to say: Hollywood is dominated by Jewish interests. While majority men and women have to walk on pins and needles, always being careful that they never violate the unwritten rules of Political Correctness, minority spokesmen can make the most derogatory and hateful remarks about us and nothing is said and nothing is done. It is simply incredible. It’s as incredible as a sick person helping the agents of his illness to thrive, while at the same time taking action to suppress his own body’s natural, defensive immune system.
We must realize, however, that when a human being contracts a disease there
most benefit to them, and they intend to thrive by whatever means are necessary.
For example, when termites attack the timbers of a house there need be no malevolence on the part of the insets. It is only their instincts and behavior as termites which cause them to destroy a house’s structure. If we detail, categorize, and chronicle the termites’ behavior it might certainly appear that the termites are carrying out a grand conspiracy to destroy our homes. But objectively we can see that it is the natural survival behavior of the termites that happens to be at odds with our desire to have sound structures in which to live. It’s of no concern to them what humans want. It’s meaningless to them that a useful building is destroyed by their behavior. If we expel them, they will only be forced to find another place to feed. And we must face the fact that it would be suicidal for the termites to suddenly become concerned about humans that lived in wooden houses and consequently refrained from their destructive activities. It would be thoroughly unnatural and unthinkable for someone to believe that termites could be induced to stop eating wood.
Human behavior is similar in many respects. Groups subjectively pursue their own goals. That’s one of the main
reasons why multiracial societies have never worked: Look through the pages of history, the result has always been the same. We see many civilizations that have declined in direct relationship to the degree of multiracialism and mul-ticulturalism they practiced. Egypt, India, ancient Greece and Rome: the list goes on and on.
Collections of diverse and incompatible peoples do not make for stable, progressive, and prosperous societies, but instead this combination leads always to conflict, decline, and finally disintegration. Instead of an urge for progress and improvement, as in a homogeneous society, we see decay, degeneration, and a loss of identity as a people becomes either a deracinated mass or a conglomerate of warring social groups. The final stage brings societal collapse. The same process is happening in America today.
It’s only natural for a group of human beings to work for their common good, and this usually follows along biological lines. For example, despite all the difficulties and shortcomings of the Black community in this country, there are daily examples of leading Blacks crossing religious and economic lines to further the Black cause as a whole. Recently Louis Farrakhan, the leader of the Nation
m mu Mimidi scuu-
mentality on the part of the invading organisms or parasites. These biological entities are simply utilizing the abilities and strategies with which nature endowed them and are carrying out their normal behavioral strategies, which have proved to be valuable survival tools. They will grow and strengthen to the exact extent that the host's resistance allows. These biological entities are simply going about life in the way that has proved to be the
U1 lblcllll) WC11L (Jii
a speaking tour and delivered speeches at several Black Christian churches. He was enthusiastically embraced by the Black preachers. Now anyone who would take the time to compare the doctrinal beliefs of the Nation of Islam with* Christian doctrine could find very little common ground, and actually the two are largely incompatible. However, on the most important level the two groups have race in common.
Let me give
BENJAMIN CHAV S ( 011) WIIM LUUO rAnrvSisnAIN A I ItlNua ununun otnvivw
Chavis, former head of the NAACPand a Christian, and Farrakhan, a militant Muslim, are able to put religious and ideological differences aside to work for their race.
<01996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/year
you another example: America is pres-ently involved in Haiti. Why? The internal politics of Haiti should be of little interest to us. Haiti’s political history is characterized by an endless succession of despots, military take-overs, Presidents-for-life, and mentally unbalanced dictators. What difference should it make to us now whether Haiti is governed by a Prozac-dependent communist like Aristide or a traditional military dictator? This involvement makes no sense, of course, unless we realize that the Congressional Black Caucus demands that its favorite man be maintained in power in Haiti and is using its political power to manipulate US foreign policy, much as the myriad of Jewish organizations ceaselessly manipulate our government for the best interests of Israel. Not only are the Black political leaders involved in the foreign policy aspects, but they are also one of the primary forces behind the effort to allow Haitian refugees into America. The Blacks, aided by Jewish lawyers and organizations who have their own reasons for their collaboration, are presently active in the court system trying to force the government to override the wishes of the vast majority of the American people and allow a huge influx of illiterate and disease-ridden Haitians into the United States. Though it is called a “democracy," America is really ruled by naked power politics, and those groups which organize and use their economic and political muscle get what they want. The sleeping majority needs to wake up to this reality. We can learn a lot from the organized minorities, and in some ways we must become more like them.
Again and again we find a strong sense of racial loyalty among other racial groups. Group survival is the goal toward which their activities are directed. In this regard the Jewish minority is perhaps the most accomplished. Their religion not only teaches the Jews that they are superior to the rest of humanity, it also tells them that they have been chosen by God to ultimately rule over the world. I point this out not to criticize Jews, but to point out that they, like any ethnic group which intends to survive, make the continuance of their kind on this planet their highest value. And most other racial and ethnic groups understand this. These instincts are natural and have been absolutely essential to human survival since the beginning of our existence. Any society
Free Speech for August 1996
that attempts to base social stability upon the suppression of this vital instinct is not healthy and cannot succeed.
We have been focusing primarily on the inevitable conflict that occurs when diverse races are brought together in one society. We should also recognize that there are persons who acknowledge this conflict and recommend racial mixing as the best solution. The idea that genetically mixing divergent peoples into a mongrelized mass will solve the race problem is wrong. It will only worsen the situation. The results of racial mixing which began many centuries ago can be seen in modern India: poverty, filth, social conflict, and political malaise. India is not unique in this respect. A more recent example is Brazil. Here the results are nearly the same. It is important to note that in these racially-mixed societies the races have not merged into a cohesive mixed breed. Rather we have a stratification of society into many racial and cultural grouplets, many of whom are constantly at each other’s throats. India has already spun off three separate nations, and may soon spin off another one or two with much blood and violence. In Brazil a White elite virtually runs the country, often using iron-fisted techniques to keep the teeming non-White masses of the great cities and the Indian tribes of the interior in check.
Societal decline brought on by racial mixing is a common thread in many fallen civilizations. It has occurred many other times in the past with the same tragic results. And it is happening here, right now.
Studying history should save us from having to repeat the mistakes of the past. We can look back at a succession of failed attempts at multiculturalism. It’s really nothing new. Recently we have also greatly increased our knowledge in the fields of biology, genetics, and human behavior. From our accomulated knowledge it becomes clear that many of the mistakes of the past were due to ignorance — ignorance of knowledge we possess today.
Perhaps one of the most important things we must understand is that we have no one, 1 repeat no one, looking out for us except ourselves.
Do we not, as rational men, owe it to both our heritage and posterity to take advantage of the accumulated knowledge
15
we possess? I think we do. Each of us should reflect upon all the past sacrifices and accomplishments of our people, the millions who struggled and died in order that we could exist, and we should understand our responsibility in the light of those accomplishments. Consider the great progress we of European descent have achieved in science, medicine, mathematics, philosophy, music, art, and dozens of other fields. These advances are not the norm in the world. In many other societies people accepted blatant superstition for science, pure hokum and magic for medicine, monotone chanting and jungle drum beats for music, and lethargic passivity in lieu of discovery and inquiry.
Certainly the record of the European peoples is not spotless, but neither is that of any other race, so that is not the issue. The problem is that our enemies keep us focused on our faults, real and imaginary, by twisting the history, sociology, and anthropology disseminated in our mass media and in our children’s textbooks. They prevent us from recognizing the vast and incomparable achievements, contributions, and discoveries that are the product of our culture, of our best men, of our mentality, and of our unique genetic inheritance. If we fail to understand the situation we now face and continue to behave as our imaginary patient who refuses to come to terms with his condition and prefers to live in the fantasy world of rationalization and hallucination, then we will not survive, and, true to natural law, we won’t deserve to survive.
Imagine, if you will, what the world would be like if the European people had never existed. Imagine life without the thousands of inventions and discoveries that we take for granted every day that are the products of the best minds of our race. Imagine a completely non-White world with all its terrible implications, and you will know what the future will hold if we allow ourselves to be destroyed.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program "The White Man's Disease,” aired on August 20, 1994. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books tor $12 postpaid._______________________________
OJ 996 National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 $40/ytar
Without a new consciousness the White race will not survive.
For far too long, we of European descent have allowed clever aliens to rob us of our identity and our history and to impose on us an alien morality in which the highest virtue is to hate our own race.
The time has come for a courageous rethinking of all our values — for a new morality for White people, based firmly on Nature’s laws and on the highest ideals of our Race-soul; a morality in which the first principle is the survival and advancement of our race — a principle to which all other things are subordinate.
Let us build a new and brighter tomorrow for our people. Join with us, the men and women of the National Alliance, in this, the greatest cause of all time.
For $2 we will send^ybtyjur informCjjjJte book and tape catalog along w«fcmf«rmation	National
Alliance.
nationaE^liaj&je a.
p.oj^eo
Hillsboro, \5Ru3&_946
Satellite Channel
Listen to American Dissident Voices anywhere in North America, every Saturday from 6 to 7 p.m. Central Time on G7, channel 14, 7.56 audio.
Free Speech and American Dissident Voices on the Internet Our World Wide Web sites: http://www.natvan.com http://www.natall.com
• Listen. . .
...every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in gray. Send $4 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of our radio schedule are available at $3 tor 20 copies, $7 for 100 copies, or $30 for $00 copies, ah postpaid. Ask for item number 606 when you order.
National AHianoe P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Toward a New Consciousness