FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Great Masters of the Lie
Let’s begin with a few simple statements of fact
First fact: The September 11 attack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon was a direct response to the U.S. government’s long-term support for Israel’s aggression against her neighbors in the Middle East The attack was not irrational or cowardly or unprovoked. And we were not attacked because fundamentalist Muslims hate America’s freedom and democracy or because they want to oppress American women. America was attacked simply because the U.S. government has helped Israel attack and plunder her neighbors.
Second fact: Everyone of any consequence in the U.S. government and in America’s mass media understands with perfect clarity the first fact
Third fact: Everyone of any consequence in the U.S. government and in America’s mass media has lied con-sis tendy and deliberately about why
new war in the Middle East a few weeks ago.
Fourth fact: The reason for the lying by the media people and by the politicians and government officials is Jewish influence. Jews own or control most of the mass media in the United States, and they also own the politicians, for all practical purposes.
Fifth fact: If the U.S. government remains subservient to the Jews and continues its Israel-first policy in foreign affairs, as it is doing now with its war against Afghanistan and Israel’s other enemies in the Middle East, Americans will continue to pay the price, and only Jews will profit.
These five facts bear repeating over and over and over again. They are simple and self-evident, but it is easy to forget them in the blizzard of lies and obfuscation coming from the news media these days. One fundamental principle that professional liars rely on is that a lie, no matter how transparent or preposterous, if
America was attacked and also about why the U.S. government started a
as some h ,S 9 ,iar’ but not as skilled
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
Center for Immigration studies
AtMlOS	Contact	U$	frnmtgratfon
Publication*
The Center for Immigration Studies web site
repeated often enough and brazenly enough, will be believed by most people. And if repeated loudly enough it will drown out the truth, and even the more perceptive and thoughtful members of the population will forget what is truth and what is a lie. George Bush has told us so many times now that we were attacked on September 11 because fundamentalist Muslims Kate America's freedom and democracy that most of the public believes it It is important that some of us not forget that it is a brazen lie, and that no amount of repetition will make it other than a lie.
Well, itfs bad enough having to listen to a noc-so-bright politician like George Bush lie to us about matters of the utmost national importance, but he's really an amateur at lying. You can see that little smirk around die comen of his mouth, even when he's lying about very serious things, and that will put you on your guard. Even Bill Clinton was a better liar chan George Bush. If the only liars we had to worry about were the polio-dans and the bureaucrats, we’d be in pretty good shape. The lemmings would stay fooled but, then, they're always fooled. At least, the perceptive
minority would understand that we were being lied to.
Unfortunately, however, we also arc inundated by lies from those who arc real experts at lying, far cleverer at it than the politidans. I am referring, of course, to the Jews. They are such effective liars that we really must pinch ourselves every time one of them opens his mouth, lest we be taken in. It is, in fact, their absolutely astounding facility at lying that has persuaded me, more than any other difference between us, that an unbridgeable racial gulf separates us from the Jews. It is more than their perverse religion and more than their distinctive family life that is responsible for this facility, I am convinced.
I believe that it is based in their genes. From far bade in prehistoric times their ancestors spent so many generations in the markets and bazaars of the Middle East changing money and buying and selling camels and goats and goods of every description, haggling over every transaction, that the ability to lie convincingly became a real asset in the struggle for survival. And it is the adverb “ convincingly" that is the key here. They
evolved the knack for seeming to L sincere while lying outrageously.
I'll give you a concrete example. And, really, the only way to deal with a subject like this is to study concrete examples: many concrete examples; to look at the details. My example today is a recent paper written for the Center for Immigration Studies by Dr. Stephen Steinlight. Dr. Steinlight spent more than five years as the director of national affairs for the American Jewish Committee. He’s ‘ certainly no fringe Jew, but rather is a real Jew’s Jew, right at the core of Jewish power. His paper, which you can find for yourself on the Internet at cis.org, is tided “The Jewish Stake in America’s Changing Demography.” It is a paper written by a Jewish leader primarily for his fellow Jews, and so is perhaps a bit more revealing of Jewish attitudes than it would be if it were addressed to the general public instead.
The general theme of Steinlight’s message is that U.S. immigration policy, as it stands today, is not as favorable to Jewish interests as it might be.
In fact, he sees some real dangers for his fellow Jews if immigration policy isn’t changed soon. The main danger he sees is the loss of the Jewish ability to control the U.S. government. Now, he indicates, the Jews have a tight grip on things; through their control of the media they are able to control public opinion. But, he frets, with so many diverse races pouring across the U.S. borders so fast, and with the new immigrants retaining their own racial loyalties instead of assimilating into the cosmopolitan mass of the general public, the Jews may lose their grip. When more than half of the U.S. population becomes non-White during the next 30 or 40 years, if the various minorities still have any sort of separate group identities, the Jews may no longer be able to control the outcome of elections.
The way around this danger, according to Steinlight, is not to halt nonWhite immigration. Instead it is to shift the makeup of the immigrant flow in a way so as to make it easier for the Jews to control them and to slow the flow if necessary so that the new immigrants can be integrated into the mass — and controlled along
O 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
with the mass — rather than retaining their separate identities.
Well, that’s Steinlight’s message in broad oudine, which is interesting in itself, but it’s in the details of the way in which he says it that we can see the peculiarly Jewish knack for deception. I can't read Steinlight’s whole paper to you, because it’s 26 pages long, but I’ll try to give you the general flavor with just a few excerpts. For example, he carries on for pages about how wonderful democracy is — the will of the people, equality, and all that — and how important it is to preserve democracy. And then on page seven he says:
Is the emerging new multicultural American nation good for the Jews? Will a country in which enormous demographic and cultural change, fueled by unceasing large-scale non-European immigration, remain one in which Jewish life will continue to flourish as nowhere else in the history of the Diaspora? In an America in which people of color form the plurality, as has already happened in California, most with little or no historical experience with or knowledge of Jews, will Jewish sensitivities continue to enjoy extraordinarily high levels of deference and will Jewish interests continue to receive special protection? Does it matter that the majority of non-European immigrants have no historical experience of the Holocaust or knowledge of the persecution of Jews over the ages and see Jews only as the most privileged and powerful of White Americans?
You really need to read that statement over two or three times and let it sink in to get the full impact: to realize that Steinlight has just announced that Jewish interests get special protection because Americans want to make up for the persecutions they have been led to believe that Jews suffered more than 50 years ago during the so-called “Holocaust”; that it is dangerous to let immigrants in who haven’t been indoctrinated with “Holocaust” propaganda, because they might see Jews for what they really are, namely, the most privileged and powerful group in America. But how nicely Steinlight says that: how smoothly!
Well, Steinlight goes on to complain that Jews already are losing some of their power. He mentions the Jews in* the Congress who have been replaced by Asians and Hispanics, and he asks whether Jews can hope ever again to have ten Jewish senators, as they do now, if present immigration trends continue.
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
We should note that if the Jews were represented in the Senate in proportion to their percentage of the population there would be only two Jewish senators now instead of ten. And then Steinlight asks:
How long do we actually believe that nearly 80 per cent of the entire foreign aid budget of the United States will go to Israel?
Steinlight says:
Not that it is the case that our disproportionate political power (pound for pound the greatest of any ethnic/cultural group in America) will erode all at once, or even quickly We will be able to hang on to it for perhaps a decade or two longer. Unless and until the triumph of campaign finance reform is complete, an extremely unlikely scenario, the great material wealth of the Jewish community will continue to give it significant advantages. We will continue to court and be courted by key figures in Congress.
Steinlight’s paper is really fascinating reading. He says all of the typical, mealy-mouthed things about democracy and equality and so on, sounding like a true-blue, public-spirited, patriotic American — and then he lets slip the real reason why Jews love democracy so much: it is because democracy is so corruptible; it is because their wealth gives them such an advantage. And gradually one begins to understand that the Jews’ whole concern about immigration and politics is Jewish power: that’s all that concerns them. And Steinlight actually communicates that message to his fellow Jews, but he heaps on so much obfuscation that the average Gentile will never get it.
Here’s another little gem from Steinlight’s paper. After mentioning how rapidly the political power of the Hispanic segment of the U.S. population is growing and how racially self-conscious this segment is, Steinlight says:
For perhaps another generation, an optimistic forecast, the Jewish community is thus in a position where it will be able to divide and conquer and enter into selective coalitions that support our agendas.
Did you catch that bit about “divide and conquer”? Of course, that was the motive driving the Jews’ campaign for the new immigration law in 1965 that brought in the flood of non-White immigrants who have so drastically darkened America in recent decades, and it is the motive behind
3
the Jews’ insistence now that our borders be kept open and that the government do virtually nothing to halt illegal immigration. The motive from the beginning was to dilute White political strength, to multiculturalize America, so that Whites couldn’t gang up on the Jews: so that the 2.5 per cent of the population that is Jewish could continue to control the other 97.5 per cent that is not Jewish.
And Steinlight admits the virtual Jewish unanimity on the immigration question as well as the decisive role the Jews have had in shaping the U.S. government’s immigration policy, but his admission is cloaked in all of the standard mush about sympathy for the underdog and how the Jews always have been against racism and so on.
But now, Steinlight is telling his fellow Jews — now is the time for us to change America’s immigration policy again, so that we Jews can continue to hang on to our power. We need to have fewer Muslim immigrants and others we are less likely to be able to control, and we need to slow immigration down so that the new non-White immigrants can lose their own sense of identity, shed the influences from their home countries, and become fully “Americanized” — which means fully subject to Jewish control through the mass media.
And Steinlight comes right out and says how that control is to be exercised. He says:
It is also true that Jewish economic influence and power are disproportionately concentrated in Hollywood, television, and in the news industry....
And then, a few pages later, after saying some very unkind things about Muslims, he tells us:
I suspect that MTV, for better or for worse, will prove more powerful with Muslim immigrants than the mul-
What is that if not gloating over his fellow Jews’ power to capture and control the minds of non-Jews, even to wean young Muslims away from their religion, away from the influence and guidance of their own spiritual leaders, through the Jews’ control of the media? He doesn’t have to spell it out for his fellow Jews. They already know that MTV is owned by the billionaire Jew Sumner Redstone, born
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
■
Backgrounder
October 2001
The Jewish Stake in America’s Changing Demography
Reconsidering a Misguided Immigration Policy
By Stephen Steinlight
Preface: Challenging A Crumbling Consensus
Thu ptn» t> the fruit of an authentic and deeply Mt conversion experience, but much m one harden to frai> lie rntdrt s attention wltti a dramas tr retelling of a great and Midden epiphany. It 'didn't happen that way My change of heart, of thought, rare gradually; m* reluctantly. It wot the product of a long evolution, on* that occurred IncTemeraohy and inM^enty over the yean I spent at an advocate hi the Immigration debate who came Inc rcadngly to doubt and aw finally to dtoun hte own case and eauea The roewntm a alen the mul of the romumfalnn of many bile and monograph* on many aspect* of the issue, as •eg as my own reflartiMnan tlw Innumerable (and often tnretmtnabtrl coalition meetings and conference* I attended on the auhpn. Writing in the awediae wake of the night mare America ha* experienced (I live in Manhattan and watched the second plane strike the Work! trade Center), It must be added first the ennrniMtes CQuimBtod by hlaiiM wrmntit in my city. Washington, and Pennsylvania have gtvea three thought* greatly tnerraaed tew)tonal urgency. Rut they developed ininuldf) slowly. slmd%.
Mom of A my corner ton is the conser|uence of my contact over the years with Mark Knkonan. Executive Director of the Center for Immigration Studies, and the Centers work. We dialogued and fbntuBy debated an tevrml occasions, and I moderated puMlr toruen tnwMth Mark unit part. If diskiguc lias any meaning tf speakers actually' burn to each other nthe than chaw then ears and merely wan impatiently lo my then iay, tltevt the pmalMKy that one can change m a result of what one lines treat be acknowledged The Surratt method wet dive endVMfl In our aebegn.
and I did. Bur, at I've noted, the change came slowly, tfie process recalling not St Paul on the toad to Damascus but the Latin proverb Stilfiridl anus fapidem atvai, 'constant dripping hollows out a stone." My thought was also significantly influenced by a uiperb conference on immigration, ‘Thv People Shall Be My People: Immigration and Citizenship In America," sponsored by the Robert R. McCormick Irlbune Foundation In July of 2000 Perhaps Its principal contribution to challenging my point of view was having the opportunity to listen to my own sides thesis articulated by those willing to take u to Its extreme, and their reductio «f abundant msdr plain the very great dattgers wlliilri It.
In a rare experiment In candid public discourse about Americas changing demography, American Jewry needs to tote reticence and evasion to the winds, slop censoring ourselves for fear of o(fending the entirely imaginary arbiters of civic virtue, and bluntly and publicly pear the tamo questions we anxiously ponder In private. The community should stop letting the thought police of the more extreme Incarnations of multlculturalisni squck h It, feel cornpritad to genuflect In their direction, or unconsciously Internalize or he guilt-tripped into validating their Identity politics that masquerade as plural bin. |)y liberating diemselves front lime Inhibitions we *fl unavoidably profane lire altars of some of our own politically correct household gods, including ilie present llberal/athnIc/corporate orthodoxy on Immigration. We will also risk upsetting not a few old friends and allies, and tone of the newer ones were already cuklvaiing.
lo wham, one and all. we will need to explain out roncems with patience and empathy. Hot we should ask the hard questions no mailer wtiar. recognizing tliat ortfy straight talk will get us anywhere. WSeramot consider the Inevitable consequences of cutrent trends not lean among them dmumshed Jruith pal rural power —
fk. Stephen SteinUghi me (m mem thmt tin men Director atNationd Affairs (domatii police) nt the American Jewish 11manatee For the pmt new aud a fafimn he turn been a Senior ftttrm at AJC. fie h co-editor of the forthcoming I raritoMi Nation Ram. f law and Culture in Amertea or the End of the Twentieth Centuiy fUC--Berkeley From). and he Urn ra etitft been wanniedi** ijfSouth Asia la Review The views etpnatd in this emmr do not ncfkct the rurrml pifirr patUtm atAJC with rrpmt to trmnitmrtni
Murray Rothstein, and that the whole aim of MTV propaganda is to multi-culturalize young Americans, to cut them loose from their own racial and cultural and religious roots and make roodess cosmopolitans of them, with no sense of racial identity or loyalty. The Jews know all of this, but the Gentiles listening to Steinlight will never get it To communicate the way Steinlight does takes a special ability: a Jewish ability.
101 say this again: Jews — and not just Steinlight, but jews generally — are able to get away with making such brazen statements because they fuzz them over with lots of contradictory verbiage that keeps the Gentiles trying to figure it out The Jews in Stein-light’s audience read his message loud
and dear, while the non-Jews sit there with idiotic smiles on their faces and applaud, having understood nothing at all. I chose Steinlight’s recent paper to illustrate this because Steinlight is a policy-making Jew with unquestionable credentials, and because the paper is available to anyone with access to the Internet at ds.org.
For those listeners without Internet access, his core message to his fellow Jews is this: “We Jews arc richer and mote powerful than any other group in America. Our power is concentrated in the media. We always have pushed for more non-White immigration into America because we wanted to dilute the power of the White majority. We used the tactic of
divide and rule. But now, with Anter. ica becoming non-White so rapidly our open-borders policy is likely to begin working against our own Jewish interests. We are not able to control large ethnic minorities who maintain their separate identities as easily as we can control those who have given up their identities and become felly assimilated into the mass. In the future we probably can continue to use our media, such as MTV, to undermine the culture of new immigrants and integrate them into the American mass, but in order to be sure of doing this we need to slow the rate of immigration a bit, skew the immigration quotas more toward those who are not hostile to Jews, and speed up programs aimed at assimilation. And we should be especially sure that we indoctrinate new immigrants with lots of “Holocaust” propaganda, so that they will feel guilty if they don’t let us have our way and keep our special privileges.”
That’s Steinlight’s message. Its simple enough, but being delivered the way it is makes it fiendishly deceptive. And lest you think I’m exaggerating or distorting his message by paraphrasing it, I should quote exaedy what he says on page 18 of his paper, where he explains how Jews are able to get away with claiming to be loyal to America .while actually being loyal to Israel. He says:
We get a free pass, I suspect, largely over Christian guilt about the Holocaust....
But he pads that bald statement with a warning to his fellow Jews that they’d better be more careful not to flaunt their “free pass” and had better try harder to seem patriotic.
There’s one area of Steinlight’s paper that gives additional insight into the Jewish mode of deception, and that’s his commentary on Muslims, whom he regards as an especially problematic group of immigrants. I’ll quote for you exaedy what he says first about Muslim fundamentalists and then about Muslims generally, beginning on page 21 of his paper. Muslim fundamentalism is, he
ays:
[A] totalitarian political ideology with trong theocratic and fascistic elements.... slamism is profoundly hostile to plural-
, „	,	n	Uilhboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • H
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
5
ism, religious tolerance, democracy, secular civil society, Jews, Zionism, [and] Israel....
He complains about Muslim fun-damentalism’s:
intolerant religiosity, irrational atavistic values, [and] misogyny.
Gee! What other Semitic religion does that description remind me of? Except for the bit about hostility toward Jews, Zionism, and Israel, what he says about Islam describes Orthodox Judaism perfecdy. And there’s much more. Steinlight complains about the multiplicity of Islamic social and religious organizations in the United States and how they all stick up for each other. And — get this — he actually complains that Muslims, when criticized or questioned, raise the “red herring of Isla-mophobia.” How noble and honest it is of the Jews that they never raise the red herring of anti-Semitism to deflect criticism from themselves!
We have spent much of our time during the past three months examining the significance of the September 11 attack and the government’s response to that attack, both in America and in the Middle East And there are a hundred more facets of this subject that we could discuss.
For example, during the past week the TV screens have been full of Mr. Bush’s program of providing Christmas gifts for Afghan children, while he continues to bomb their country. I don’t know what Muslims think about Christmas gifts, stricdy from a religious standpoint, but I can imagine what they must be saying to each other, from a patriotic standpoint Suppose that we were in an all-out war with China, and the Chinese government, after destroying our cities with a surprise nuclear attack, announced a program of gifts for American children while they continued to mop up American resistance to a Chinese invasion of our country. The Chinese premier would announce that the war was not against the American people, but only against the capitalist-terrorist government in Washington, and that the Chinese were truly concerned about
But that is only the beginning of Steinlight’s arrogance and deception. The traditional Islamic faith, he says:
.. .is itself not unproblematic in its attitudes toward Jews, Christians, and other non-Muslims. The religious education of traditional, non-Islamist Muslims — literalism in Koranic exegesis, theological straightjackets imposed on scriptural interpretation, the study of text without context, and the virtual absence of intellectual selfcritique — is filled with anti-Jewish teaching as well as a theology of contempt for the followers of other faiths.... Powerful strains of religious triumphalism and religious supercessionism are central tenets of Islam. Such dangerous spiritual arrogance has been abandoned by many Christian denominations, largely as a product of Vatican II and years of interfaitn dialogue and soul-searching encounter. Christian believers, from Roman Catholics to members of such liberal Protestant denominations as the Congregationalists and the United Church of Christ, have, for example, adopted the view that God's covenantal relationship with the Jewish people remains unbroken and that the advent of Christianity neither erased nor canceled it.... No parallel spiritual generosity exists in Islam.
The Club
the welfare and happiness of American children. I suspect that most of us would be inclined to tell the Chinese to take their toys and stuff them. Of course, it should be clear to anyone with half a brain that the toys-for-Afghan-children program is stricdy a public relations stunt aimed at American public opinion and that George Bush cares no more for the children of Afghanistan than he does for the Taliban prisoners of his Northern Alliance buddies, who are still being tortured and murdered.
We also could talk more about the conflict between the Jews and the Palestinians and the attitude of the politicians over here to that conflict. The Jews are continuing to send murder teams into Palestinian towns to murder Palestinian leaders, still sending bulldozers to destroy the homes of the families of suspected Palestinian resistance fighters, still sending helicopter gunships — supplied by the United States — to shoot up Palestinian police stations for the purpose of killing the Palestinian prisoners being held there that Arafat has had arrested on suspicion of opposing the Jews, and no politician over here ever has a complaint about this Jewish ter-
Well, sadly, all of that is perfecdy true, and it is a wonderful example of how a clever liar can use the truth to tell a monstrous lie. It also is an example of the breathtaking height of arrogance to which Jews customarily rise in their lying.
There’s much more I could say about such things as the way in which the Jews used such techniques as “interfaith dialogue” to completely vitiate Christianity and make the Christian churches into obedient lap-dogs, but I don’t want to offend my Christian friends any more than I already have. Study Steinlight’s paper for yourself and see where it leads you.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Great Masters of the Lie,” aired on December 8, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
rorism, and that’s the only word for it: terrorism.
Yet whenever the Palestinians strike back at their oppressors, whether with a suicide bombing or some other attack against the Israelis, Mr. Bush and virtually every other politician over here immediately and loudly denounce it as “terrorism.” This week the governor of the state of New York, the present and future mayors of New York City, and a pas-sel of other American politicians are all over in Israel, wearing yarmulkes to show their solidarity with the Jews in our “common fight against terrorism.” And Mr. Bush, on orders from Mr. Sharon, refuses to meet with Mr. Arafat because Arafat, he says, isn’t doing enough to stop Palestinian terrorism.
The crookedness and hypocrisy of this whole relationship between Israel and the United States really turns the stomach of any honest observer, but I guess it still plays well enough on American television to keep the lemmings fooled. Anyway, just remember all of this crookedness the next time a lot of Americans lose their lives in another reprisal attack from the long-suffering Muslim world, and the
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Black South Africans is infected vdtK HIV or has full-blown AIDS. The belief is widespread among Blacks that sex with a virgin — or more gen. erally with an uninfected woman -will cure AIDS:	supposedly the
woman’s uninfected body draws the infection out of the body of the man who is having sex with her. Because the HIV infection rate is far lower among White women than among Blacks, White women increasingly are the targets of Black rapists, as are infants of either race. A recent series of gang rapes of South African infants, as young as five months old, has caused shock even in that crime-ridden country, although there has been very little news in America about the rapes. The media here, having played the key role in bringing Black rule and subsequent ruin to South Africa, largely have ignored the consequences of their destructive work.
If there is a pattern to be seen in all this, it is the deliberate destruction of independent nations, the deliberate wrecking of patriotic governments everywhere and their replacement with more corruptible governments, governments more easily controlled by alien forces. That is what has happened not only to South Africa and to Yugoslavia within the past decade, but it is what the U.S. government tried to do to Iraq a decade ago and seems determined to try again to do in the very near future, as soon as it finishes off Afghanistan.
The crippling of Iraq and Afghanistan is understandable solely in terms of the conflict between Jews and Muslims in the Middle East and the Jewish control of public opinion in the United States. When we consider also the U.S. government’s bombing of Belgrade and the economic and diplomatic pressure that undermined the White government of South Africa, and when we also look at domestic governmental policies in the United States and in virtually every country in Europe, a much larger — and much more sinister — pattern emerges. The big picture that we can see is a concerted effort to decrease national autonomy everywhere; to break down national traditions and national and racial
The same pattern is seen everywhere. For example, every White country has opened its borders to a flood of non-White immigrants from the Third World.
Bush crowd tells us that the attack was “unprovoked.”
Well, as I said, we’ve talked a lot about the Middle East situation recently, and we don’t want to neglect the other very important things that ate happening around us. We could discuss the extraordinarily depressing situation in South Africa and Rhodesia, where things have continued downhill since the last time we talked about the increasingly precarious posi-
tion of White people there. Black dictator Robert Mugabe in Rhodesia seems hell bent not only on driving the last White Rhodesians out of their country but also on destroying Rhodesia altogether.
Black rule in South Africa is carrying that once-ptoud White nation deeper and deeper into savagery and depravity. South Africa has the highest incidence of rape of any country in the world, and one in every eight
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
©	2002 • Notional Vanguard Books	•	Bax330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
consciousness; to force everyone into I uniform, cosmopolitan mold; to subject people everywhere to a central authority controlling every aspect of their lives.
This big picture has been given the name “New World Order” by its partisans. The first major actor in the campaign to impose the New World Order on an unwilling world who used the name in public was George Bush’s father, during the latter’s term as President ten years ago; at least, he was the first person I heard bragging about it. But the campaign has been going on much longer than that. The planning was well underway early in the last century, but it took a communist revolution and two horribly murderous and destructive world wars to destroy the old world order — the White world order — and make way for the new.
And really, it is only when we look at the major events of the past century in the light of a deliberate, widely concerted effort to destroy the political and social order of the White world that we begin to see a pattern, and things start to make sense. Why, for example, would two great, capitalist nations — the United States and Great Britain — ally themselves with the communist Soviet Empire to destroy a third great, capitalist nation, Germany?
Certainly, there were various motives at work. There was longstanding ethnic animosity, as between Germans and Poles and between French and Germans. There was the greed of British capitalists for a bigger part of the market that their competitor, Germany, was sharing with them. Capitalists had, in other circumstances, shown themselves quite capable of mass murder and nation wrecking in their greed for more wealth. But really, none of this is a sufficient explanation for the Second World War and its aftermath. Many British capitalists may have been willing enough to see German economic power destroyed, but I doubt that they planned on seeing the destruction of British economic power and the postwar dismanding of the British Empire, or the rise of the Soviet Union to a dominant position in Europe.
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
To me the most compelling evidence of a plan behind the disasters
of the 20™ century is the astounding uniformity of government policy everywhere in the Western world: really, nearly everywhere in the White world, that emerged after the Second World War. Today, for example, every White country has opened its borders to a flood of non-White immigrants from the Third World, and they are pouring in: France, Germany, Spain, Sweden, Denmark, England, Scotland, even Ireland. If a popular vote were held in any of these countries as to whether or not the flow of non-White immigrants should be continued, the continuation would be overwhelmingly rejected. But, just as in the United States, the people are never given an opportunity to reject non-White immigration. They are never asked their opinion on the matter. An overwhelmingly unpopular program is crammed down the throats of the people because the top politicians — presidents and prime ministers — support it, and the rest of the politicians go along obediently.
So why are the top politicians from every country in the White world marching in ideological lock-step? Why is there such uniformity of policy? It certainly wasn’t that way 100 years ago. It used to be that there was a great deal of individuality among political leaders and national policies. The prime minister in Britain had one style; the chancellor in Germany had another; and the President of the United States had a third. Where are the individuals today who reflect the national peculiarities of their own people?
Well, of course, individuals do come along occasionally: Austria’s Jorg Haider, for example. He was in favor of cutting off the immigration of non-Whites into Austria, because that’s what the Austrian people wanted. When Haider’s party won enough votes for Haider to implement some of his policies, the top politicians in all the other countries jvent berserk, recalling their ambassadors, threatening trade embargoes, and worse.
The problem with Haider was that he wasn’t a member of the Club. The top politicians throughout the
7
Western world were recruited into the Club by the planners before they were elected to public office. Candidates for the Club are selected, in most cases while still university students, and are initiated into a multinational society of young men on the make: ambitious and unscrupulous young men who have the requisite social skills for becoming successful politicians and who are willing to sell out their people in return for the Club’s support for their personal advancement
This is an old idea. To a large degree it is the idea behind every political party: join our party and follow our party line, and we’ll provide the money and the organization to get you into public office. There’s more to the Club, though. For one thing, it’s multinational. For another, it operates like a secret society instead of like a political party. It’s not subject to the laws that are supposed to govern political parties in most countries.
In the past there have been other secret societies with political agendas, of course: even multinational secret societies. The people behind the international communist movement constituted such a multinational secret society. The huge advantage that the Club has — the Club to which George Bush and his father and Bill Clinton and Tony Blair and nearly every other political leader in the White world belong — its huge advantage is that its board of directors includes the people who control the mass media throughout the Western world.
It used to be that every country had its own mass media. Nowadays you can see the same Hollywood products on TV screens in Germany or England or the United States. Sometimes the local language is dubbed in, and sometimes it isn’t, but the multicultural filth of MTV flows into the minds of young Swedes and Britons and Germans just as it does into the minds of young Americans. Because of this the Club can ensure the political success of its members nearly everywhere.
Well, there’s more to it than that, but the key is that increasingly globalized mass media give increasingly globalized political control to the men who control the media. It is a natural
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
thing that men who have the potential for exercising this political power would turn to die obvious tactic of recruiting front men to be actual electoral candidates. The media bosses themselves are not all jews, but most of them are, and it wouldn’t look good if they tried to fill the top political offices themselves. Besides they already are pretty busy running their media empires, and most of them don’t have the personal traits needed to gain the affection of voters. So they recruit political candidates and then use the Club’s power to make political leaders of them.
The Club’s recruitment of potential political leaders is not quite like the recruitment of potential executives by IBM or General Motors. The Club doesn’t exacdy hire them and put them oft the payroll. Instead it gives them Rhodes Scholarships and other perks. It opens doors for them. It invites them into social circles where they can rub shoulders with the superrich and powerful and ruthless. It helps them forge new connections. It dazzles them with the lure of money and status. It offers to buy their souls from them for a very good price indeed. And when they sell, they are thenceforth bound to follow the party line.
I said that the Club operates like a secret society, but it’s really not all that secret. There’s nothing that a member of the Club, if he later became disenchanted, could tell to the police that would lead to arrests or could announce to the public that would lead to outrage. The members of the Club understand the rules well enough without having to swear any oaths or sign their names in blood. They understand what they are receiving from the Club and what they must give in return. They understand that if they stop giving they will stop receiving. And they understand the power of the Club to take away from them what they already have received from the Club.
The Club isn’t even quite like a fraternity. Some of its members hate or despise other members. They often scheme and fight against one another for a bigger share of the Club’s favors. But they do obey the Club’s rules. They do follow the Club’s policies.
It’s a loose sort of thing, in that not everyone in public office belongs
and feminism; they denounce every voice of opposition to themselves as “hate” and every act of opposition as “terrorism.”
They corrupt and they destroy, so that they can suck out the lifeblood of the world. They employ George Bush and his crew now the way they employed Bill Clinton and his crew earlier and the older George Bush before that. They are largely Jewish, but not entirely. They are waging war now to break the power of militant Islam, which they see as a danger to t Israel, but they are as strongly entrenched in Hollywood and New York and Washington as they are in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem.
If our race is to live and if our civilization is to survive, we must destroy them and those who work for them before they have gone much further with their own evil work of destruction. Destroying the Club and its adherents will be an extraordinarily difficult and dangerous and inevitably bloody task, but no matter how bloody, that is infinitely preferable to permitting the Club to continue with its evil activity unopposed.
I can understand why some people strike out at the Club with acts of terrorism, but I do not believe that terrorism by itself can defeat the Club. Control of the mass media of news and entertainment is what gave the Club its power and enables it to keep its power. Before the power of the Club can be broken and its members and its policies can be discredited and neutralized, the Club’s control of the media must be broken. These weekly American Dissident Voices broadcasts are one small step in that direction. The books published and distributed by National Vanguard Books are another small step. The resistance music distributed by Resistance Records is another step.
But ail of these things that I and the other members of the National Alliance are doing are not enough by themselves to break the Club. If I reach 100,000 White men and women each week with this broadcast, the Club can reach 100 million each day with its poison. The only way that we can destroy the Club and its evil is for you to do more than listen to me speaking. You must speak out yourself. You must multiply your own
The club can reach almost everywhere with its poison. This illustration is from a magazine for senior citizens.
to the Club. But if someone not in the Club becomes too popular or begins acquiring too much influence, the Club keeps a close watch on him and may order the Club’s members to attack him, the way they have attacked Austria’s Jorg Haider and France’s Jean-Marie LePen. The Club even tolerates a certain amount of erratic behavior from its members. But at its core the Club is hard and disciplined, and its leaders know exacdy what they want
They want to bring the whole White world more and more tighdy under their control. They want to eliminate every challenge and every potential challenge to their rule. They want to stamp out every influence and every idea that might become a danger to them, and that includes every nationalism and every religion that they haven’t already infiltrated and corrupted. To this end they have been working to break down all national borders, pollute all ethnically clean populations with a flood of non-White immigrants, wipe out all sense of racial identity or loyalty, erase the memory of all traditions and all history, and undermine discipline and morality everywhere. They promote the hip-hop anti-culture of non-White savages; they promote homosexuality
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box330 • Hillsboro • 24946 •
voice by persuading others to speak out also. You must persuade people you know who aren’t listening to these broadcasts to begin listening.
And please, don’t tell me that you can’t speak out because you will be expelled from your university or fired from your job or investigated by the FBI or divorced by your wife or disowned by your parents if you do. It’s time now for an end to excuses, for an end to cowardice and timidity. I don’t want anyone to be expelled
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
from his university or fired from his job. In some cases that will happen, although in most cases it won’t. Most people have exaggerated fears, groundless fears. But groundless or not, the time is growing very late, and if you don’t speak out, if you don’t do everything you can and do it now, you betray not only your nation and your civilization and your race, you also betray yourself.
Speak out! Act now! And if you want to work together with others
9
who are speaking out and acting, become a member of the National Alliance. You’ll find an application form at natvan.com.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Club,” aired on December 15, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
According to the media, this man is certainly a terrorist...
“Terrorism” and “terrorist” have been the most-used words on television and in the other controlled news media recendy. We’ve heard over and over about al-Quaeda terrorism and Iraqi terrorism and Palestinian terrorism — especially about Palestinian terrorism during the past week, with the Bush government repeatedly demanding that Yasser Arafat arrest every Palestinian designated as a “terrorist” on a list given to him by Israel. But we haven’t heard anything about Israeli terrorism or about U.S. terrorism: not even a word. The controlled news media in America would have us believe that the governments of Israel and the United States don’t engage in terrorism.
So how do we decide what is terrorism and what isn’t7 Is terrorism what individuals or small groups do
Labels
when they’re angry at a government, but what governments do is legitimate warfare or self-defense or something else other than terrorism?
No, no, that can’t be, because we were told that the government of Afghanistan that we just destroyed was a terrorist government, and so is the government of Iraq, which the media want us to destroy next. So maybe it’s the type of weapon that’s used that determines whether an action is terrorism or not. If one uses a car bomb or a human bomb, as the Palestinians often do, it’s terrorism. If one uses a helicopter gun ship, as the Israelis often use to assassinate Palestinian leaders, or an airplane, like we use to bomb Afghanistan, it’s not terrorism.
No, no, that can’t be right, because Osama bin Laden used airplanes in his attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, and we were assured that was terrorism. So why is Mr. Bush’s aerial bombing of Kabul or Kandahar not terrorism, while Osama bin Laden’s aerial bombing of New York and Washington was? Why wasn’t the Clinton government’s aerial bombing of Belgrade two years ago called “terrorism” by the media?
Perhaps what distinguishes legitimate warfare from terrorism is motivation. In warfare one attempts to destroy the enemy’s military forces and to capture territory from the enemy; in terrorism one attempts to demoralize or terrify the enemy. But then what should we call the carpet-bombing of German cities by the United States during the Second World War? The motive there was to kill as many German civilians as pos-
... while this man certainly isn’t.
sible and demoralize the German public. That also was the motive behind Britain’s program to drop millions of anthrax bombs on Germany during the war. Fortunately, the Second World War ended before Britain could use the anthrax bombs it had prepared, but Churchill had fully intended to use them — and to use them when it already was apparent that Germany was losing the war. Why is Winston Churchill regarded by all of the controlled media as a hero, as a great and good man, while whoever is mailing anthrax-infected letters to politicians and media bosses in the United States today is regarded as a “terrorist” and is described as “evil” and “cowardly”?
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
Well, by now the reason why an act of terror is sometimes called terrorism” and sometimes isn’t should be obvious. If someone we don’t like does it to us, it’s terrorism; if we do it to someone else, it isn’t More to the point, if someone the media bosses don’t like strikes at Jews — Israelis, for example — or at someone friendly to the Jews — the U.S. government, for example — then it’s terrorism. If Jews — Israelis, for example — strike at Palestinians, or if the U.S. government strikes at anyone — Afghans or Iraqis, for example — on behalf of the Jews, then it isn’t terrorism.
A somewhat trickier case was the attempt by the Israelis in 1967 to sink the U.S. Navy ship, the Liberty, so that it .could be blamed on the Egyptians, generating U.S. hostility against Egypt. Although the attempt failed, the Israelis did kill 35 Americans in their terror attack on the Liberty. The controlled media, of course, not only didn’t call it “terrorism” but did their best to hush it up by giving it minimal news coverage. So the rule is: if it’s an attack by Jews or on behalf of Jews it’s not terrorism. If it’s an attack against Jews or against Jewish interests, it is terrorism. That’s why Ariel Sharon isn’t a terrorist, and Osama bin Laden is. Understand?
In this regard, things are better for the U.S. government today than they were 30 years ago, during the Vietnam War. The media bosses didn’t consider the Viet Cong or the North Vietnamese to be enemies, and so they were pretty quick to jump on the government when it prosecuted the war too vigorously. More than anything else it was the media slant on the war in Vietnam which led the U.S. government to tie the hands of the U.S. military and prevent a U.S. victory. The politicians were scared to death of being called “baby killers” or “warmongers” by the Jewish media if they urged more aggressive action against the communists in Vietnam.
Today no U.S. politician would even dream of telling the U.S. military to take it easy on Israel’s enemies in the Middle East. He immediately would be denounced by the media as “soft on terrorism."
So today “terrorism” and “terrorist” are for all practical purposes media labels used as propaganda, much in the same way the media use
the labels “racism” and “racist” If I
•
© 2002 •
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
Irv Rubin
denounce Whites who have sexual relations with non-Whites — if I say that miscegenation is a terrible thing because it will destroy our race if we permit it to continue — I am denounced by the Jewish media as a racist” The same Jewish media, however, would never think of referring to a Jewish leader who expresses concern about the high rate of intermarriage between Jews and Gentiles as a “racist” In fact, Jewish media such as the New York Times regularly carry advertisements for Jewish groups urging Jews not to intermarry with Gentiles, urging them to marry only other Jews.
I’ll give you another example of the crooked and deceptive way in which the controlled media in America use labels. I mentioned in my broadcast a few weeks ago — actually, it was my broadcast of October 27 — that the government’s Centers for Disease Control had published a report on bioterrorism written by a Jewess, Jessica Stern, in which she referred to me as a “terrorist” My primary concern in that broadcast was the increasingly cozy relationship between Jewish pressure groups and U.S. government agencies: especially law enforcement agencies. The total subservience of the politicians to the controlled mass
Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV
media has allowed Jewish groups to present themselves to government agencies as “experts” on just about everything: most recendy as experts on “terrorism.” Many of these groups — the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith and the Southern Poverty Law Center come immediately to mind — have been given a quasiofficial status by the media and by the government They tell the government who is a “terrorist” and who isn’t, and the government accepts their word.
For the record, I have never been charged with any terrorist act, nor have I ever advocated terrorism, and yet Jessica Stem, who falsely labeled me a “terrorist” in an official government publication has now been elevated to the status of Jewish guru by Time magazine. She is hailed as an expert on terrorism in Times December 17 issue, and really, her only qualification for this status is her Jewishness. You can be sure that any government agency to whom she offers her expert advice will accept it as unquestioningly as do the mass media. Meanwhile, the real terrorists get a free ride, both abroad and at home.
Jessica Stern is not the only lying Jewish propagandist who has labeled me a “terrorist,” simply because I am opposed to Jewish media control, and is accepted without question by the U.S. government as an expert. The two Jewish pressure groups I just mentioned — the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center — regularly label me as “dangerous” and imply that I am up to my neck in criminal activity and violence, when the truth is that I am completely non-violent and never have been involved in any criminal activity at all.
But guess who is heavily involved in criminal activity and in actual terrorism but is never labeled “terrorist.” How about the Jewish Anti-Defamation League? How about the Jewish Defense League? I’ll bet you’ve never seen a media reference to either of these criminal Jewish organizations as “dangerous” or “criminal” or “terrorist.” The Anti-Defamation League is routinely referred to by the controlled media as a “public service organization” or as a * human rights organization” and is routinely quoted as an expert source on matters such as
24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
11
“hate crime” and “terrorism.” The Anti-Defamation League has been snuggling up to government agencies
—	especially law-enforcement agencies
—	for decades, despite its association with notorious felons and its own record of criminal activity, and despite its role as an unregistered agent of a foreign power: namely, Israel. With the Jewish media on its side the Anti-Defamation League has managed to wriggle out of the criminal charges it has faced and always gets good press.
Another Jewish group, the Jewish Defense League, may have run out of luck in that regard recendy. The Jewish Defense League, like the Jewish Anti-Defamation League, has always had criminal associations and has faced numerous criminal charges, but always has managed to beat the rap, with the help of its cheering section in the media and the government’s reluctance to prosecute a Jewish group. As long ago as 1985 the Jewish Defense League had a string of 37 terrorist acts to its record and was identified by the FBI as the “second most active terrorist group in the United States,” beating out both the Teamster’s Union and the Mafia. Of course, you weren’t likely to see the FBI’s report on the Jewish Defense League in the controlled media.
The FBI’s specific concern with the Jewish Defense League in 1985 was based on the bombing of the California offices of the American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee in that year. The regional director of the Arab group, Alex Odeh, was killed in the bombing. The Jewish Defense League members who were the principal suspects in that terrorist bombing fled to Israel to avoid prosecution, and the Jewish Defense League continued its terrorist activities without government interference and without any labeling by the Jewish media. The chances are that you’ve never heard anything about the Jewish Defense League’s terrorist activity — unless you listened very carefully to the news last week — and you’ve never heard the Jewish media or any of the other Jewish pressure groups who have called me a “terrorist” say an unkind word about the Jewish Defense League.
Well, as I said, last week the Jewish Defense League’s luck finally ran out. The chairman of the group, Irv Rubin, and his number-two Jew, Earl Krugel, both were arrested red-handed
Darrell Issa
in Los Angeles by the FBI as they assembled the components for terrorist bombs intended to be set off in a Los Angeles mosque and in the southern California office of U.S. Congressman Darrell Issa. Jewish groups are very cozy with most congressmen, but the Jewish Defense League took exception to Congressman Issa’s Lebanese ancestry and his lack of enthusiasm for the continuing U.S. support of Israel’s terrorist activity.
Now, if I had been caught preparing bombs to blow up a synagogue and a Jewish congressman’s office, you would never hear the end of it It would be on every news program for weeks. The media would be crowing about it. The Jewish Anti-Defamation League, the Jewish Defense League, and the Southern Poverty Law Center would have people on the talk-show circuit for months bragging about how they had labeled me a “terrorist” and had been proved right. But you certainly will not see that sort of publicity about the very real terrorist activity of the Jewish Defense League or the arrest of its two top leaders on Wednesday of last week as they prepared to blow up a congressman’s office and a mosque. None of these Jewish groups will be labeled in a negative way as long as Jews continue to
control America’s mass media, just as Israel, which carries out more terrorism than ail the other countries in the Middle East together, never will be labeled a terrorist state by the controlled media.
Israeli assassination teams that murder Palestinians never will be labeled “terrorists” by the media, but every time a Palestinian strikes back at his Israeli oppressors he is described by the media here as a “terrorist.” When George Bush and the other politicians here preach about the need to fight terrorism in the Middle East, they are talking about Palestinian terrorism, about al-Quaeda terrorism, about Iraqi terrorism, about Muslim terrorism, but never about Israeli terrorism or Jewish terrorism.
All of this has important consequences for all of us. When the tiny Jewish minority in America has the power, through its stranglehold on the mass media of news and entertainment, to label in a negative way any individuals or groups or even countries the Jews don’t like, and the great majority of the American people, the lemmings, who absorb all of their ideas and attitudes and opinions from television, accept these labels unquestioningly, it is bad for all of us.
It is not just that by labeling me a “terrorist” the Jewish media lead many foolish and unthinking people who believe whatever they see on television to actually think that I am a dangerous terrorist and accordingly shun me — and believe me, that sort of false labeling can be quite a personal burden and make life much more difficult than it otherwise would be.
It is not just that by labeling Jewish criminal organizations like the Jewish Anti-Defamation League and the Jewish Defense League as “public service” organizations, the media shield the criminal activity of these groups and make law enforcement agencies reluctant to prosecute them. If the Jewish Anti-Defamation League had been adequately prosecuted for its massive thefts of confidential police files a few years ago, its leaders could have been put in prison and the organization itself could have been put out of business before it had a chance to persuade Bill Clinton last year to grant a pardon to billionaire Jewish gangster Marc Rich.
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
12
If the Jewish Defense League had been adequately prosecuted after its first terrorist bombing more than 20 years ago instead of being permitted to continue its campaign of terrorist activity with more bombings and arson, the lives of more than one innocent victim could have been saved.
But the consequences of false labeling by the Jewish media go far beyond these things. It is the false use by the controlled media of the label “terrorist” in the Middle East that underlies the continuing U.S. support for Israeli terrorism and is responsible for the September 11 attacks on the United States and for the present war against Afghanistan.
It is the deceptive use by the Jewish media of labels such as “racist” and “neo-Nazi” and “hater” and “bigot” that is largely responsible for the disastrous racial policies of the government that have been wrecking our society for the past four decades. First the Jewish media bosses saturated the public with these labels, giving them intensely negative connotations. The Jews used these labels in both the news and the entertainment media until they had the general public — that is, the lemmings — conditioned like Pavlov's dogs. They had the public reacting in horror and revulsion to the label “racist,” for example, regardless of the circumstances.
If an authority figure on his TV screen labels someone a “racist,” the average American viewer doesn’t stop to ask questions; the conditioned response that the media already have implanted in him kicks in, and he reacts negatively. He doesn’t stop to think, any mote than Pavlov’s dogs stopped to think when they heard the dinner bell. He doesn’t ask himself, “What did this person who has been labeled a “racist” really do? Is he really a bad or an unreasonable person?
Why do the TV people want me to hate him? What is racism, anyway? Is it really a bad or unreasonable thing? The average viewer doesn’t ask himself these questions, and he doesn’t even think. He simply responds in the way he has been conditioned by years of TV brainwashing to respond.
And the average person knows that if he says anything negative about “diversity” or “multiculturalism” or uncontrolled immigration, he will be labeled a “racist,” with all of the bad connotations that deliberately have been attached to that label by the media, and so he doesn’t say anything against these government policies that are destroying America. And the destruction goes on.
1’U say this again because it’s so important: the media bosses, by having the power to create labels and to implant conditioned responses to these labels in the minds of most members of the public, are able to control the attitudes of the public to ideas, to individuals, to countries, to government policies, and to everything else. And the media bosses use this power for their advantage and for our destruction.
It is the Jewish media bosses who more than anyone else are responsible for the government's destructive racial policies, for the government’s Israel-first policy in the Middle East, for the fact that the Jewish Anti-Defamation League is able to engage in criminal activity without being prosecuted, for the fact that for more than 20 years the government permitted the Jewish Defense League to commit dozens of terrorist acts, including bombings, arson, and murder, and to get away with it — until last week. And I get labeled a “terrorist.”
For better or for worse, we have a mass democracy in the United States. The politicians who make our government’s policies are elected to office by voters whose attitudes and opinions
are formed primarily by the mass media: by television and Hollywood movies and newspapers and news magazines, which are almost entirely in the hands of Jews. With the power of the mass media at their disposal it’s not really difficult for them to control the way the public thinks about important issues, and therefore to control government policy. They’ve made a science out of controlling public opinion. They have become masters at it. And one of the most important tools they use is labels that they themselves have created and tailored to suit their needs.
That’s why our immigration situation is out of control. That’s why America’s cities and schools are becoming darker and darker. That’s why you see so many young White women with Black mates. That’s why we ignored Israel’s terrorist attack on the U.S.S. Liberty in 1967. That’s why George Bush dances to whatever tune is played by Ariel Sharon, the Butcher of Beirut. That’s why more than 3,000 Americans were killed on September 11. That’s why we’re waging an unnecessary war in the Middle East now. That’s why groups like the Jewish Anti-Defamation League and the Jewish Defense League are permitted to ignore our laws most of the time.
It’s about time that we did something to take the power of false labeling away from the Jewish media bosses. It’s about time for us to speak out and begin having an effect on American public opinion ourselves.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Labels,” aired on December 22, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Enoloi
Name:
Address:
$40 for a one year aubacription -to
Mail to:
National Vanguard Booki P.O. Elos Hillsboro, WV
Pree Speeob isi m
Don't be ailed in
ifraid to subscribe! in--Jln.rv-loofctn*
I

©
2002 • National Van«ward Books . Box 330 • Hillsboro . WV 24946 • *40/*ar
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
13
The Greatest Betrayal
Let’s begin today by tying up a few loose ends from previous broadcasts. Last week, in commenting on the December 12 arrests of the head of the Jewish Defense League and his second-in-command in Los Angeles as they prepared to bomb a mosque and the office of a California congressmen of Lebanese ancestry, I predicted that unless you kept a very close eye on the news you probably wouldn’t hear a peep from the Jewish media bosses about these arrests, that the Jews would attempt to protect their own, just as they have covered up for numerous terrorist acts by the Jewish Defense League in the past and also have covered up for a long history of criminal activity and gangland associations by the Jewish Anti-Defamation League.
Actually, there was more news coverage of this latest Jewish Defense League terrorism than I expected. The best coverage outside the Los Angeles area was in the Washington Times, which is not owned or controlled by Jews, but there also were two pretty good stories in the December 16 issue of the very Jewish New York Times. I hadn’t yet seen those New York Times stories when I prepared last week’s broadcast.
In my October 13 broadcast I quoted part of a cabinet meeting debate between Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Israeli Foreign Minister Simon Perez that supposedly was broadcast on a Hebrew-language radio station in Jerusalem, Kol Yisrael, in which Sharon angrily told Perez to stop worrying about how Americans might respond to the actions of the Israeli government, because America is firmly under Jewish control.
A couple of listeners questioned me about that, saying that they were unable to find any source for the quote I used. Well, in my broadcast I mentioned that I hadn’t been able to find Sharon’s statement in print myself. What I meant was that I hadn’t been able to find it in any English-language Jewish publication, which is what I normally require to establish the credibility of such a statement I did see the statement in an English-language Palestinian publication, but I really shouldn’t have relied
In/ Rubin and his attorney in court
solely on that I should have gotten it straight from the horse’s mouth.
I find the statement Sharon supposedly made easy enough to believe, because that’s the sort of thing other Jews more cautious and less boastful than Sharon have said, but I should not have relied solely on a source hostile to Sharon and to the Jews generally. At this point I really don’t know whether Sharon made the statement I quoted or not. Ill try to be more careful about my sources in the future.
Now let’s talk about Attorney General John Ashcroft and his job as America’s chief law-enforcement officer. Every time I see Ashcroft on television, he sends cold shivers down my spine. Look at that cold, Puritanical expression on his face. He’s the type of man who believes he has a God-given right to read your mail, to listen to your private telephone conversations, and to torture a confession from you if he suspects that you have bad thoughts about the government. He is looking forward to the New World Order, where he expects that there will be an even greater degree of regimentation of citizens, and he really can crack down hard on anyone who gets out of line. Ashcroft’s main regret is that he did not live in the Soviet Union 75 years ago, where he could have converted to Judaism, become commissar for the Cheka, and organized mass shootings of dissidents in the cellars of the secret police.
I don’t know what sort of sexual abuse Ashcroft was subjected to as a child that made him what he is, but I believe that it is his chekist personality that makes him such a worshipful admirer of Israel and the Israelis. He really respects a country that permits its police to torture prisoners, that practices collective punishment of the families of children who throw rocks at soldiers and of villages that are suspected of harboring resistance fighters, and that has a genocidal mass murderer as its prime minister.
Ashcroft is an ardent supporter of George Bush’s policy of collective punishment, a policy apparently inspired by Israel. If the Israelis suspect that a Palestinian resistance fighter has been hiding in a village, they send in tanks and bulldozers to level the village. If George Bush believes that an alleged terrorist is hiding in a country, he sends in cruise missiles and B-52s to bomb the country back into the Stone Age. That policy doesn’t apply to Israel, of course. If it did, our Middle Eastern problem would have been solved a long time ago.
Unfortunately, that problem still is very much with us. One aspect of the problem recendy came to light after the September 11 attack, when the FBI began rounding up and interrogating illegal aliens who came here from Middle Eastern countries, including Israel. What the FBI uncovered is the largest espionage ring ever to operate in America.
Actually, the investigation of Israeli spying began before September 11, and many Jewish spies already had been identified. According to a Fox News report two weeks ago, as many as 140 Jewish spies already had been arrested before September 11, but there had been very litde publicity about these arrests. The Bush government and most of the media were hoping no one would notice. The post-September 11 roundup of Middle Easterners uncovered another 60 or so Israelis engaged in espionage inside the United States and brought the previously secret investigation of Israeli espionage into the open — or at least, more nearly into the open than before. The lemmings still are so busy
14
watching their ball games that they haven’t noticed.
Several very disturbing revelations have come out of this roundup. One is a very strong hint that the Jews here, through their spying on other Middle Easterners in the United States, had gained prior knowledge of the September 11 attack but did not share their information with the U.S. government 1 reported my own suspicions in this regard immediately after the attack, but since then Fox News has reported even stronger suspicions among FBI investigators. A Fox News report of December 12, by reporter Carl Cameron, says:
There is no indication the Israelis were involved in the September 11 attacks, but investigators suspect that they may have gathered intelligence about the attacks in advance and not shared it.
Well, of course, we expect that sort of behavior on the part of the Jews. Once they had gathered their own information about the impending attack, which they anticipated with glee because it could only generate hostility between the United States and Israel’s enemies in the Middle East, they saw no reason to warn Americans and thereby forestall the attack. So they waited quiedy for the attack and then as soon as it happened began urging that the United States wage war against Israel’s enemies.
This is the sort of thing that both the Israelis and the Israel-worshipping Bush government would like to keep quiet, and the FBI is being very tight-lipped about it now, but I will not be surprised to see the beans spilled about the Jewish foreknowledge of the attack as the investigation proceeds. The reason I say that is that the roundup of Jewish spies has revealed many other things about Israeli activities that are damaging to Americans, and it will be very difficult for the government and the media to keep everything covered up.
Here’s an example: As the government has become increasingly intrusive, snooping into every aspect of our lives, the need for telephonic wiretaps and other forms of electronic surveillance has risen dramatically. You might be surprised to learn that the government doesn’t do most of the electronic snooping itself; the work has become quite high-tech these days and is farmed out to private companies that specialize in electronic eaves-
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
dropping and in the storage and analysis of intercepted data. There are a number of companies, in the United States and elsewhere, that have the equipment and the expertise to do this very sophisticated work. Guess which companies our government uses to spy on us: the two companies that do nearly all of this work for the Federal government are both located in Israel.
Did you get that7 The politicians who run our government decided that the country that gave us Jonathan Pollard and the muiderous assault on the U.S.S. Liberty, the country run by the most notorious war criminal now on the loose, the country that is the world capital of the White slave trade and that holds a monopoly on the distribution of several illegal drugs in the United States, is the country we should trust to help us catch our criminals and spies and keep an eye on the private business of our citizens. Really! Most state and local police agencies also depend on the same two Israeli companies.
I’ll quote again direcdy from a Fox News report by Carl Cameron, this one dated December 13:
Here's how the system works. Most directory assistance calls and virtually all call records and billing in the U.S. are done for the phone companies by Amdocs, Ltd., an Israeli-based private telecommunications company. Amdocs has contracts with the 25 biggest phone companies in America, and more worldwide. The White House and other secure government phones are protected, but it is virtually impossible to make a call on normal phones without generating an Amdocs record of it. In recent years the FBI and other government agencies have investi-ated Amdocs more than once. The firm as repeatedly and adamantly denied any security breaches or wrongdoing. But sources tell Fox News that in 1999 the super-secret National Security Agency, headquartered in northern Maryland, issued what's called a Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmentalized Information report, TS/SCI, warning that records of calls in the United States were getting into foreign hands — in Israel, in particular.
Indeed, there has been more than one warning about the misuse of confidential communications. Law enforcement officials have reported that they are certain that their own communications have been intercepted by criminals they were investigating. They believe that the interception of their communications has led to the murder of several of their confidential informants and otherwise has hampered their investigations of illegal drug distribution by
crime syndicates. And I should mention that the fastest-growing illegal drug syndicate in the United States during the past decade is the syndicate that distributes the drug known as “Ecstasy.” This syndicate is entirely Jewish, and most of the Jews in the illegal distribution of “Ecstasy” in the United States are Israeli nationals. No wonder that business has been good for them!
Well, Jewish organized crime got a big boost in 1994, during the Cun-ton administration, with tne passage of a new law, the so-called “Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act,” or CALEA for short. What the public was told about CALEA is that it would increase public safety by providing new tools for the cops to go after the bad guys. It would centralize and expedite the business of wiretapping, making it easier for law enforcement to eavesdrop on communications between criminals — well, to tell the truth, easier to eavesdrop on everybody. The key to CALEA was its centralizing of wiretap operations, so that now any law-enforcement official in the country who needs a wiretap knows where to go. He goes to a private company that specializes in providing wiretapping services and equipment Now I will quote again from a Fox News report. This one was broadcast last week:
The company is Comverse Infosys, a subsidiary of an Israeli-run private telecommunications firm, with offices throughout the U.S. It provides wiretapping equipment for law enforcement. Here's how wiretapping works in the U.S.
Every time you make a call it passes through the nation's elaborate network of switchers and routers run by the phone companies. Custom computers ana software, made by companies like Comverse, are tied into that network to intercept, record, and store the wiretapped calls and at the same time transmit them to investigators.
The manufacturers have continuing access to the computers so they can service them and keep them free of glitches. This process was authorized by the 1994 Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, or CALEA. Senior government officials have now told Fox News that while CALEA made wiretapping easier, it has led to a system that is seriously vulnerable to compromise and may have undermined the whole wiretapping system....
[TJhe complaint about this system is that the wiretap computer programs made by Comverse nave, in effect, a back door through which wiretaps themselves can be intercepted by unauthorized parties.
Adding to the suspicions is the fact that in Israel Comverse works closely with the Israeli government and under special programs gets reimbursed for up to 50 per
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books •Box
330 . Hillsboro • WV 24946 ■ $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2002
15
cent of its research and development costs by the Israeli Ministry of Industry and Trade. But investigators within the DEA, INS, and FBI have all told Fox News that to pursue or even suggest Israeli spying through Comverse is considered career suicide.
Now I’ll repeat just the last sen-tence of that quote from the Decern-her 17 Fox News report:
Investigators within the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Immigration and Naturalization Service, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have all told Fox News that to pursue or even suggest Israeli spying through Comverse is considered career suicide.
Did you get that? And the Fox News report goes on to say that every FBI inquiry into Comverse has been halted before the actual equipment could be tested for leaks.
And that’s not all that’s been halted. This series of Fox News reports by reporter Carl Cameron from which 1 nave quoted was available on the Internet from the Fox News Web site through the early part of last week. The report I just quoted, which was the third in what was intended to be a four-part series, was posted on December 17. But as you can imagine our “chosen” minority did not Tike the series. A December 20 story from the Jewish Telegraphic Agency says:
Jewish organizations have been receiving frantic calls from Jews concerned that the reports may fuel anti-Semitism.
Did you get that? The Fox News reports were making Jews “frantic.” The Jewish Telegraphic Agency story also says:
American Jewish leaders and Israeli officials said they are holding conversations with Fox News representatives but refused to elaborate.
Well, that JTA story was from December 20, and apparendy the “conversations” between Jewish leaders and Fox News were effective, because within 24 hours the Fox News series on Israeli spying was cancelled, and the three installments that already had been broadcast were yanked from the Internet and dropped into the memory hole as if they never had existed. You’ll look for them in vain at the Fox News site now. The only places you’ll find them are on sites that copied them from the Fox News sites before Fox News was pressured into pulling them.
To me the most interesting information in this Fox News series really is old news to a lot of people in the
John Ashcroft
government and the media. The FBI and other government agencies knew what these Jewish companies, Amdocs and Comverse Infosys, were doing a long time ago. They knew that Israeli organized crime was getting information about U.S. government, business, and private telephone conversations and also about U.S. law enforcement wiretaps and was using this information for criminal purposes to the detriment of Americans. They also knew that they were sup-osed to pretend that they didn’t now, or else: career suicide.
The only Politically Correct position for the bureaucrats and politicians and media people to take is that Jews are just like us, except for a different religion, and that Israelis are just like Americans, with the same values and interests we have. Israel is our brave, friendly, little democratic ally. To suggest that the Jews not only are fundamentally and irremediably different from us but that they have been, since Old Testament times, in a state of undeclared war with the rest of the world, a war waged primarily through deception and betrayal and behind-the-scenes influence, and that Israel is no ally but is a vampire clinging to America’s back and sucking our blood while betraying us at every turn — to suggest this basic truth simply is unthinlcable to this career-oriented crowd. So the politicians and bureaucrats looked on the Israeli access to our telephone information and the misuse of this information as merely a detail, an aberration, not to be mentioned lest it damage U.S.-Israeli relations — and their careers, whereas to me it is one more confirmation of a basic and cosmically important truth.
Actually, the Jews reported by the Jewish Telegraphic Agency as screaming frantically about the series of Fox News reports weren’t worried primarily about the revelations as to what Amdocs and Comverse Infosys have
been up to. That’s something too complicated for the lemmings to understand anyway. What worried the Jews about the Fox News reports was the suggestion that the Israelis knew in advance about the September 11 attack and didn’t tell us. That’s a betrayal that even the lemmings can understand. That’s a betrayal that even the politicians and bureaucrats who take the position I just outlined — namely, that Jews are just like us and Israel is our ally — can use as an excuse to change their position. That’s what the Jews really are afraid of.
I’ll quote one more paragraph from the December 17 Fox News report about the Israeli penetration of our wiretap system:
And what troubles investigators most, particularly in New York, in the counterterrorism investigation of the World Trade Center attack, is tnat on a number of cases, suspects that they had sought to wiretap and survey immediately changed their telecommunications processes. They started acting much differently as soon as those supposedly secret wiretaps went into place.
It’s information of this sort, hinting that the Israelis not only knew about the September 11 attack in advance but now are doing everything they can to hinder the American investigation into the attack, that the Jews don’t want the American people to have. They don’t want the American people to know that they have been betrayed by Israel. That is why the Fox News series was cancelled last week and the parts that already had been published were pulled from public access and tossed down the memory hole.
Well, regardless of what eventually comes out about what the Israelis knew before September 11, it is clear that Israel has been engaged in an ongoing betrayal of America. What is an even greater betrayal of America than that, however, is what Attorney General John Ashcroft and George Bush and the rest of the politicians and bureaucrats in Washington have been engaged in throughout their careers.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Greatest Betrayal,” aired on December 29, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year