Free ,
Speech
to read, think, speak, and write.
— John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH -DECEMBER 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. XII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters ofA^ can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic raa program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of thesameissuelfor $10 Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Terrorism and Hate
1 love to read my hate mail. The shriller it gets, the better I feel, because shrillness is a sign of fear and lack of confidence on the part of the haters. These days my hate mail is pretty shrill. And that’s understand' able in view of the events of the past couple of months.
There’s a lot of flag-waving and strutting and boasting by the politi' cians and by the media and by their hangers-on among the general public. I call the latter people “yahoos.” A yahoo is a lot like a lemming, but louder and more obnoxious.
“We’re really giving those towel' heads in Afghanistan a licking,” the yahoos are bragging. “We’ve blown the bejesus out of them with our clus-ter bombs and our cruise missiles, and they haven’t been able to hit us back with even a single missile or bomb. We’ve really taught them not to mess with us, because we’re the greatest, we’re the toughest, and if you even look sideways at us, we’ll clean your clock.”
That’s the public stance of the politicians and die media people and the yahoos and the retired generals
and other “experts” hired by the media to provide bellicose statements to keep the yahoos fired up. But behind the confident, swaggering front all is not well. For one thing, the Afghans are proving themselves a bit tougher than the Bush govern-ment thought For five weeks, U.S. forces have carpet-bombed them, reduced a number of their villages to rubble, destroyed their air-defense system, hit every cave in which they think Osama bin Laden may be hiding with bunker-busting bombs, wrecked their power plants, supplied mercenary rebel forces inside Afghanistan with bribes and weapons, and repeatedly predicted the imminent collapse of the Taliban government And yet the government has not collapsed, and Osama bin Laden continues to issue public statements.
On the public-relations front, the Bush government and the Jews are losing everywhere. The bought politicians in Pakistan and other places may be cheering every time the Amer-
FREE SPEECH for Decern
ber 2001
icans send their bombers over Afghanistan, but the people in the streets are not. The lews don’t have the total control over the mass media in every country that they have in the United States, Canada, and most of Europe. The people throughout the Middle East and Asia are not happy seeing on their television screens night after night the bodies of Afghan villagers killed by American cruise missiles. They are not happy seeing images of maimed Afghan children who have lost eyes or arms or legs to American cluster bombs.
The lews and the Bushites can’t understand it. The people being killed by the bombing of Afghanistan aren’t Jews, and they aren’t even Americans. Why should anyone care what happens to them? Besides, the Americans are dropping food packages to make up for the bombing and killing. Doesn’t that make everything all right? It is inconceivable to the hit, smug bureaucrats in Washington, who have bought, bribed, corrupted, and bullied their way around the world ever since the Second World War, that there still are people in the world with a sense of pride, people who care about more than money and free food and being comfortable, people who will fight, even against overwhelming odds, to W keep their independence and their way of life.
It is interesting to note, bv the way, that not all of the people in Afghanistan are black-haired, swarthy, greasy, hook-nosed, Middle Eastern types. Some of the tribes are White, with reddish-brown hair, white skin, and European features. Aryan people conquered and colonized that part of the world 35 centuries ago, and there are pockets of us remaining in some of the mountainous, isolated areas.
Of course, there is no doubt that the United States eventually can whip the Taliban and install a puppet government in Kabul, if the Bush government is willing to drop enough cluster bombs on Afghan villages and fire enough cruise missiles into Afghan cities. The U.S. military machine is vastly more powerful than anything the Afghans have, and Washington has the economic resources to wage a
Some Afghans still show evidence of Aryan ancestry
long war of attrition and starve Afghanistan into submission. Perhaps we should remember, however, that the Soviet Union succeeded in setting up a communist puppet government in Kabul, and then, with that puppet government already in place, rocketed and bombed Afghan villages for eight long years and still managed to lose the war — and 15,000 Soviet soldiers in the process.
On the home front there is more reason for shrillness. The anthrax terror has killed only a handful of people so far, but it has had an enormous psychological impact on the public. Even though the likelihood of being struck by lightning is far greater than the likelihood of receiving an anthrax-infected letter in the mail, many Americans have been spooked. Housewives who never would be deliberate targets of an anthrax attack are worrying seriously about how to sterilize their incoming mail with a steam iron. And certainly
! every American has been impressed by how much disruption can be caused by a single terrorist.
I am assuming that just one person or a very small group of people has been preparing and mailing all of the anthrax letters, and he not only has spooked the whole country, but he also has done hundreds of millions of dollars worth of damage by causing postal centers, government offices, and business and industrial facilities to be shut down for weeks at a time for decontamination operations. And, despite an enormous effort by the FBI and other secret police agencies, he hasn’t been caught. He can do it again whenever he wants. Or if not him, anyone else with a little training in microbiology.
Even though most of the public really hasn t thought carefully about the implications of all this and drawn any clear and concrete conclusions, there is a vague but growing awareness that we all are living in a world that is a bit more dangerous than most people had believed it to be. There is more awareness that the government isn’t omnipotent and cannot guarantee everyone s safety or solve all his problems. And this awareness has caused some uneasiness: not a lot for most people, but enough to be perceptible, enough to steal a small amount of peace of mind from the Sally Soccermoms and the Joe Sixpacks, who just want to do their mall shopping and their TV viewing without intrusive worries about what the next unpleasant and dangerous surprise will be.
It’s not the Sally Soccermoms and the Joe Sixpacks who’re sending me hate mail, though. They don’t care much about what happens outside their living rooms and the nearest shopping mall: not enough, anyway, to send me a hate letter. The real haters are those who have an emotional investment in the destructive trends and programs that have been wrecking our society and our civilization during the past half-century, They are the ideological egalitarians and the multiculturalists and the diversity-mongers, who enthusiastically have promoted every sick and perverted policy put forward by the Jewish media. They have been in favor of
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
3
racial hiring quotas and the low-ering of academic standards in order to get more non-Whites into our universities and open borders and interracial sex and gun control and hate-crime laws and speech-crime laws.
And they have been pretty cocky most of the time, because they believed they were on a roll. They had the power of the government and the media behind them, and they didn’t see how they could lose. They really believed that they could ram their filthy New World Order down everyone’s throat, and we couldn’t do anything about it They believed that they were the inevitable wave of the future, and that nothing could stop the birth of the sick, new world of enforced equality and Big Brotherhood they envisioned.
Well, most of them still believe that, but they’ve had — their cages ratded a bit by the events of the last two months. I doubt that it has occurred to any of them that when their schemes finally come unraveled, and the society they have been poisoning for so many years finally gives up the ghost, and they no longer have a treasonous government to protect them, they will be called to account for their crimes and dealt with appropriately. I doubt that any of them are afraid of that yet They still believe that they can carry on with impunity — but there is a glimmer of recognition among them of the fact that there may be unforeseen dangers in what they are doing. There may be obstacles for them to overcome that they hadn’t counted on. There are unpredictable forces at work in the world that they don’t know how to deal with. And here I am, continuing to nip at their heels and make a nuisance of myself when they have these new problems to worry about That’s what provokes them into sending me hate mail, I believe.
Many of the haters are Christians who believe that they are pleasing Jesus by pulling the White race down to the level of the world’s non-Whites: the first shall be last, and the last shall be first; blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth; that sort of thing. You’d be surprised at
When will America take responsibility for it's shameful past??? You are only reaping what your forefathers sowed.
African Americans did not come here by choice and thereby cannot be held soley responsible for all that is wrong with the country. How can people who claim to be so educated and superior not have the commen sense to see that??
If jews own the media it is only because some greedy white man sold it to them! So why blame them for our own forefathers greed????????. I think you need JESUS badly.
A typical hate letter
how many of the hate letters I receive quote verses from the Bible intended to prove to me that all of God’s children were created equal, and that God intended for us to mix together, and that Whites, in holding themselves apart and rising above the colored races, have contravened the will of God and deserve to be punished, and that I, in opposing their sacred work of pulling the Whites down to where God intended them to be, am being especially sinful and deserve especially severe punishment
About as numerous and as hateful as the Bible-thumpers are the oh-so-desperate-to-be-fashionable types, who really hate me for raising issues they prefer not to think about issues that only can complicate their quest for fashionableness, acceptance, approval, and prosperity in the New World Order of equality and togetherness. Many of these announce how unpleasandy surprised and even disgusted they are that in the 21st century there still are people like me, with such old-fashioned ideas on race and nationalism and the proper roles of the sexes, and with my belief in human inequality and in the need for
discipline and order and individual responsibility and for a strong sense of racial identity.
These old-fashioned ideas of mine, of course, are just as valid today as they ever were, but they are in conflict with the trends that these fashionable types feel obliged to follow if they are to keep in step with the media and be popular and prosperous. Now, if they really believed that my old-fashioned ideas were not valid, then they could just laugh at me and ignore me. But they have this dreadful fear, deep down inside themselves, that I am right after all, and that the trends they are following can lead us only to disaster and extinction. They don’t want to think about that, and when they were pretty confident in the ability of the government to keep things moving in a Jewish direction and keep people like me from rocking the boat, they didn’t have to think about it. But the events of the last two months have shaken their confidence that the government has everything under control, and these awful, old-fashioned ideas of mine are still being rubbed in their faces. They wish that I would shut up.
There’s one more thing that has thrown these haters off balance and provoked them into screaming at me, and that is the nagging knowledge that the sudden loss of confidence and security that they are feeling now is not the result of anything I that have said or done, but rather is the consequence of the policies that they have been promoting and against which I have been preaching for years.
I certainly have never been pro-Arab or pro-Muslim, but I have said over and over again that we need have no fundamental conflict with Arabs or Muslims, because they are in their part of the world and we are in ours. They have their religion and their way of life, and we have ours. Because we are separate and both of us would like to stay that way, we need have no conflict. They have oil, of course, and we would like to have their oil, but they are only too happy to sell it to us. So really, there is no reason for us to hate each other, as long as we stay out of their affairs and they stay out of ours.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
if the National Alliance’s ideas on immigration had been implemented, the attacks of Symptomless llth would never have taken place.
Separation and non-interference make good neighbors.
The one thing that has brought about conflict between us is the Jewish lust for power and control in the Arab part of the world and our support of the Jews. The fashionable set understand that as well as I do, but they aren’t permitted to talk about it, and they certainly don’t like hearing about it from me. They’ve always supported Jewish aggression in the Middle East, just as they’ve always supported everything else Jewish. They admire the Jews enormously, because the Jews are so rich and so ruthless and seem to be able to get away with just about every sort of brazen chicanery. Nevertheless, what happened two months ago is a sharp reminder to them that not even those who have scrambled aboard the Jewish bandwagon are guaranteed a smooth ride.
Finally, there is the galling fact that they have pushed for open borders, while I have pushed for the exclusion of all non-Whites from America, and if my policy had prevailed instead of theirs, the attack of September 11 could not have taken place.
Anyway, what it all boils down to is that the people who had thought that America was on the right track in becoming less White and less masculine and less free and more under the
thumb of the Jews are a little less confident now and therefore a little more hateful. But they are no less determined. They’re not about to change their ways at this stage: it’ll take a lot more hijacked airliners, collapsed office buildings, and anthrax mailings to destroy that much of their confidence. And so they have reaffirmed their allegiance to the Jewish program for a totally multiculturalized America, an Affirmative Action America, a mongrelized America, an America that looks like an MTV set.
But still, they are a little less confident than they were, and this loss of confidence — this nagging fear that maybe their plan to profit from the destruction of their race and of the civilization built by their race may have a hitch in it after all — this loss of confidence manifests itself not only in a little more overt hatefiilness but also in an increased determination to crush all opposition. If those old-fashioned heterosexual White males like me — and a few old-fashioned heterosexual White females as well — refuse to go along with their plan, then they’ll get the secret police to make us go along. If we insist on being divisive and stirring up opposition to the continued multiculturalization of America, then they’ll have their secret police tap our telephones and intercept our mail and secretly search our homes and plant bugs while were
away. They’ll classify us as “terrorists” and take away our civil rights.
That’s what they think they’ll do anyway. That was the real purpose of their so-called “USA PATRIOT” They’re not really afraid of Arab hijackers. They know that the Arabs aren’t capable of derailing their plans for “equalizing” America. The Arabs aren’t capable of turning any substantial portion of the American public against them. Middle Eastern terrorists cannot take control of American public opinion away from Hollywood and the other Jewish media.
If they lose their grip on America, it won’t be the Taliban hunting them down and stringing them up for their crimes against America and against our people. The scuttling of the Bill of Rights is being done under cover of the need to protect Americans from foreign terrorists, but the real reason is to protect them from the wrath of the still patriotic segment of the American people — if that patriotic segment can be awakened and informed and organized and inspired to act.
That’s our job, and because we re working on that job day and night and are determined to do whatever it takes to get the job done, they hate us. I don’t believe they fear us yet. After all, they have the secret police behind them — they have all the repressive armed might of the Federal government behind them — and all we are able to do is talk and spread facts and ideas among our people and try to get our people to think for themselves and to accept their responsibility as Americans, as White men and women. That’s enough to make America’s internal enemies, whether of the Bible-thumping variety or of the ideologically fashionable variety, hate us, but not enough yet to make them fear us. Nevertheless, they believe it is only prudent to begin curtailing our civil liberties, under the guise of protecting America from the threat of foreign terrorism.
Thinking about all of this, I’ve tried to decide what the long-term effect of the events of September 11 will be, besides a lot of bombed Afghan villages and dead Afghans. Is it good that the cages of America’s internal enemies have been ratded, and their confidence has been shaken a bit, even though they have been put on their guard.7 Or would it have been
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
5
better for them to have remained supremely confident that nothing could halt their plan for the multiculturalization of America?
Is it good that they have stepped up their suppression of Americans’ civil liberties? Will legislative assaults on the Bill of Rights, such as the USA PATRIOT law, awaken real patriots to the fact that the government in Washington is far more an enemy of America’s freedom than Osama bin Laden is? Or will such laws intimidate wavering patriots into silence and inaction?
I believe that it’s too soon for me to be able to answer these questions with any degree of certainty. At this point I can’t even say whether terror-
ism is helpful or harmful or doesn’t make much difference. Does it hurt America in the long run by solidifying the support of the Sally Soccer-moms and Joe Sixpacks behind the Federal government and America’s other internal enemies? Or does it help America by eroding the faith of the public in the ability of the government to protect them?
We’ll have a better understanding of such questions later, because we certainly will be gaining much more experience with both terrorism and governmental suppression of civil liberties. America is in a downward spiral now, and when we will break out of it and what roles terrorism and
repression will play in breaking out of it remain to be seen.
Meanwhile, we know what our task is, and we should let the hatred of America’s internal enemies that is directed against us serve to goad us to ever greater effort and ever greater commitment and ever greater vigilance.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Terrorism and Hate,” aired on November 10, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Value of Truth and Righteousness
Last Saturday George Bush addressed the United Nations General Assembly, urging all of the member nations to join the United States in bringing pressure to bear against countries that sponsor terrorism or harbor terrorists. He did it in his standard mock-serious way, barely suppressing a smirk. Everyone applauded, including the representative of a country that from its founding until the present day has sponsored terrorism. That country, of course, is Israel.
The prime minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is a war criminal, a mass murderer, with the blood of thousands of women and children on his hands. He is being sought now for trial by the same Hague Tribunal that succeeded in extraditing former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic for trial on charges of crimes against humanity in Kosovo, the same Hague Tribunal that already has tried and sentenced soldiers who raped and murdered in Bosnia and in Rwanda.
In 1982, during Israel’s invasion of Lebanon, Ariel Sharon was Israel’s defense minister. After the bloody terror-bombing of civilian neighborhoods in Beirut that killed thousands of Lebanese and Palestinian civilians — terror bombing carried out by Jews flying military aircraft supplied to Israel by the United States — Sharon arranged for the evacuation of Palestinian fighters from Lebanon. Pales-
tinian women, children, and old people were left behind in refugee camps, with their safety guaranteed by the United States. On the night of September 16, 1982, Sharon sent murder squads into two Palestinian refugee camps, Sabra and Chatila, in West Beirut to kill the unarmed Palestinian civilians there. With Israeli tanks and troops surrounding the camps to prevent any of the Palestinians from escaping, Sharon’s murder squads shot, knifed, and bludgeoned Palestinian civilians all that night and the next day and the following night, while the Israelis around the camps listened gleefully to the shots and screams coming from inside. Then Sharon sent in bulldozers to scoop out mass burial pits and cover up the corpses of more than 2,000 Palestinian women and children.
Many Palestinians remained unburied, however, and Red Cross workers found whole families in their homes with their throats cut and other families who had been lined up and machine-gunned, from small children to elderly grandparents. One infant had been stomped to death by a man wearing spiked boots.
This was Ariel Sharon’s work, but only a part of his work. He is a man who believes the teaching of the Talmud that only Jews are human beings, and that all who are not Jews were put on this earth only to serve the Jews, and that anyone who opposes the Jews deserves to be
killed, and he has acted in accord with this belief all his life. There are a dozen major atrocities for which he could be tried by the Hague Tribunal, but the one with which he is charged now is the mass murder he implemented, as Israel’s defense minister, in West Beirut in September 1982. And the U.S. government, which clamored for Slobodan Milosevic to be turned over to the Hague Tribunal for trial, pretends that it knows nothing about Sharon’s genocidal crimes against humanity.
In the 1950s Israel’s Mossad, the equivalent of the CIA in the United States, sent hundreds of letter bombs to German scientists working in Egypt and Syria, killing a number of them.
In 1967, during Israel’s war against Egypt, the Israeli army carried out a number of mass executions of Egyptian prisoners of war in the Sinai, forcing them to dig ditches, then lining them up and shooting them. Dozens of eyewitnesses to these mass executions have reported what they saw, but the world’s politicians and media bosses pretend not to know. Also in 1967 Israel attacked the U.S. Navy ship, the U.S.S. Liberty, attempting to sink it and kill its crew and then blame the sinking on the Egyptians.
Israeli agents have carried out assassinations and other terrorist operations around the world. One of the most colorful of these operations — and one of the few that received
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
This American cartoon shows that Sharon is widely recognized as a mass murderer.
major media coverage — was the attempt to murder a prominent Mus-lim cleric in Jordan in 1997. Two Israeli agents sprayed poison in the ear of Khaled Meshal as they walked past him on a sidewalk in Amman. Fortunately, Meshal’s bodyguards were able to catch the two Jews as they ran away, and so die assassination attempt was publicized.
Israel has stolen nuclear materials and nuclear weapons technology from die United States to build an illegal nuclear arsenal. Israel also is known to have developed an arsenal of bio-logical and chemical weapons of mass destruction.
None of these Israeli activities is secret Those I've mentioned are just a few of the ones that were found out and publicized. Not publicized very much, of course. In fact, they all were dropped from the news pretty quickly. Sdu, everyone attending Mr. Bushs speech at the United Nations last Sat-uiday knew about them. And yet, no one stood up and booed. No one walked out in protest Bush’s speech was covered by all of the major newspapers and television networks in the world, but no reporter for any news
medium operating in the West commented on his hypocrisy. No one mentioned Israel’s terrorism. Everyone knew, but everyone played along.
These people weren’t lemmings. Lemmings really don’t know any better. Lemmings are essentially moral creatures; in feet they are compulsively moral. To lemmings it is essential to feel and to think and to act in the way they believe they are expected to feel and think and act. That’s morality. Most groups of lemmings believe that it is bad to lie, to deceive, to be hypocritical. If during George Bush’s speech at the United Nations a substantial part of the audience had walked out in disgust, and at the end the remaining delegates had stood up and booed him loudly, and if the media commentators then had remarked with scorn to their television audiences that Bush is a hypocrite who talks about stopping state-sponsored terrorism while continuing to finance Israeli terrorism, then the lemmings would have booed him too.
But Bush’s lies and hypocrisy were ignored by the media and by the other delegates. Instead of booing,
they applauded him. And so the L
mings applauded him too. h an act for the benefit of th7l * mings. Neatly all politics these /a!' nearly every speech or public appJ ance by a politician or a government official, is an act of showmanship What is said has relatively litde relationship to what the politician actually is thinking.
Certainly, last Saturday George Bush wasn’t really thinking about waging war on countries that sponsor terrorism or harbor terrorists. He was thinking first and foremost about the importance of pleasing the Jewish media with his speech. He may have been keeping his fingers crossed and hoping that no Arab delegate would jump up during his speech and shout at him, “What about Israel? You say that we should wage war on states that sponsor terrorism. Israel engages in state-sponsored terrorism more than Afghanistan and all the other countries in the Middle East combined. When will you send your B-52s to carpet-bomb Tel Aviv and Jerusalem?’’ And at the end he must have marveled to himself how smoothly the act went and how easy it is to deceive the public.
Crookedness of this sort has been going on for a long time. There are only two things that make this latest crookedness noteworthy. First, it is being used to justify yet another war that is not in the interests of the American people. It is being used to justify dropping cluster bombs on villagers whom we have no good reason to kill. And second, it is a lot more obviously crooked than usual. Osama bin Laden caught the Bush government and ^ the media by surprise, and
didn t have time to refine and polish their lies. All they could do was pretend that they had no idea why he would attack the United States and then claim that it must be because he hates our freedom. They didn t have time to put up their usual smokescreen of obfuscation. They simply launched their denunciations of terrorism and of terrorists and of governments that tolerate terrorism and hoped that no one would say anything about Israel or Ariel Sharon or Israel’s policies of assassination and torture.
Because the crookedness is more obvious now than usual, more perceptive people than usual are noticing
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hilhboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
7
This Palestinian woman’s home was destroyed by Israelis so she now lives in a tent pitched on the rubble.
and saying something about it, and that’s good. But these perceptive few who are unhappy enough about the crookedness to speak out have little or no voice in the mass media, and so the lemmings remain oblivious to the realities of the situation. That’s the wonderful thing about democracy: you don’t have to try to fool all of the people; all you have to do is fool most of die people all of the time, and that’s pretty easy to do when you corn trol the mass media. You can just ignore the few who refuse to go along with the act, and the great majority of the voters will never notice.
So why do I care that the system is crooked? Why should you care? Why not just pretend not to notice the crookedness and go along with it, like everyone else? Pretend to be a lemming, but stay alert to possibilities for profiting from the fact that, unlike the lemmings, you really are secredy aware of who’s who and what’s what That’s what the big shots do. That’s what the people do who care only about themselves and don’t give a damn what happens to their country or their race or the civilization built by their race, as long as they person* ally are able to turn a profit from events. That’s what George Bush does. He pretends to care about all sorts of things. He pretends to be outraged by terrorism, but he shakes Ariel Sharon’s hand and gives him a big hug whenever Sharon shows up in Washington. He pretends not to be aware of Sharon’s record as a mass murderer, as a war criminal, as a terrorist, as a man who sends out teams of assassins and who orders the Israeli police to torture prisoners.
A lot of people think and behave as George Bush does. A lot of people believe that’s the only smart way to be. We’re living in a society in which a great many people are completely alienated, completely disconnected from any sense of responsibility to race or to nation or to anyone but themselves: amoral people, people willing to do anything that they believe is personally advantageous, people for whom every public expression is simply an act. And because there are so many people like that, including virtually everyone in the government and in the media, America is very, very sick.
I’ll go further: individuals who think and behave that way are sick.
George Bush is a very sick man. Anyone who consciously and deliberately betrays his own race or his own nation, anyone who commits treason, is a defective person, a sick person. And George Bush, by consciously following a policy he knows is not in the interests of America but only serves Israel’s interests, a policy he knows is responsible for the September 11 attack against America, a policy he continues to follow despite that knowledge, is a traitor. That’s George Bush I’m talking about, the President of the United States. He may look stupid, but he knows what he’s doing.
George Bush believes he’s a smart guy, a guy who knows which side his bread is buttered on, a guy who can get away with anything as long as the Jewish media will back him up. And so far he has been getting away with it. In a democracy, hypocrisy works; lying works. As long as you have the mass media on your side you can get away with anything, because the majority of the voters never will figure it out
What has been happening in Mazar-i-Sharif and in Kabul and in other northern cities in Afghanistan this week is a good example. The big
act put on by George Bush and his British counterpart Tony Blair and all of their media supporters since the campaign to destabilize Afghanistan began last month — the big act was that the Taliban is a bunch of tyrannical fanatics who brutalize women, sponsor terrorism, and do lots of other bad things, and the Northern Alliance, which was supplied with weapons and money by the U.S. government while we bombed the Taliban to smithereens, is a bunch of Sunday school teachers and Boy Scouts. The United States will deliver Afghanistan into the hands of the Northern Alliance, and then everything will be rosy and peaceful and democratic. The people who had been tyrannized by the Taliban will be free and happy under the Northern Alliance. The Americans will be the good guys, who have made this wonderful improvement possible.
Well, of course, it hasn’t worked out that way. As soon as the Northern Alliance took over each city it began rounding up people it didn’t like, people who belonged to the wrong tribe, for example, and raping and killing them. There have been dozens of mass executions and mass rapes by the Northern Alliance troops
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
g
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
this week. There are a lot of people they don’t like. And the ones who just get raped or shot are the lucky ones. Eyes are being gouged out, breasts are being cut off, prisoners are being castrated and impaled and skinned alive or burned to death. That’s the way things are done in the Middle East. When the British tried to
pacify the country in the 19™ century, the rule was never to let yourself be taken alive. If you were wounded and left behind, you always saved your last cartridge for yourself. Rudyaid Kipling wrote about that:
When you're wounded and left on
Afghanistan's plains,
And the women come out to cut up
what remains,
Jest roll to your rifle and blow out
your brains
An' go to your Gawd like a soldier.
The Russians learned the same lesson, to their sorrow, just a little over a decade ago. And the military people around George Bush certainly were aware of the experiences of the British and the Russians. The Taliban indeed may be a rough and brutal bunch, but no more rough and brutal than the people paid and armed by the U.S. government. When the Taliban was in charge at least there was peace and stability. There were no massacres or gang rapes. The U.S. government, with its Dombing campaign and its mercenary troops in the Northern Alliance, has succeeded in destabilizing large portions of Afghanistan, and the rapes and mutilations and mass executions have started.
But the lemmings won’t hear enough about that for it to sink in. George Bush will continue lying and smirking and pretending that the Northern Alliance are the good guys, and America is bringing freedom and democracy and happiness to Afghanistan. What the United States actually is trying to do is set up a government a little more corrupt man that of the Taliban: a government that we can control with bribes and threats and that will not be a danger to Israel. That’s the whole purpose of our war against Afghanistan.
It’s the same sort of crookedness that we saw in connection with the Second World War. The pretext that me British government used for
This man has been mutilated by Northern Alliance Forces and is now being taken to be further tortured and killed.
declaring war against Germany in 1939 was the safeguarding of Poland’s freedom. When the Roosevelt government in the United States finally was able to use the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor as an excuse for jumping into the war against Germany, the act by the media and the politicians here was that Americans were being the good guys and would bomb the Germans to smithereens in order to protect American freedom and the freedom of Europe. And the people to whom we shipped military supplies so they could help us were die Soviets under good old Unde Joe Stalin, that kind and fatherly fellow who also was being threatened by the wicked Germans.
Of course, what we did, after car-pet-bombing German cities and killing enough Germans to make them surrender, was turn Poland and the Baltic states and half the rest of Europe over to communist rule for half a century. It had never been the intention of either the British government or the U.S. government to free anybody. We knew what sort of people the communists were. We knew that they had butchered the cream of the Polish nation in the Katyn forest and elsewhere — 25,OCX) Polish military officers and professors and physicians and engineers and writers — but our government and media people pretended that it was the Germans who had done it and that we were ‘‘liberating’' Europe from the Germans and protecting American freedom, which never was threatened by the Germans.
It was all an act. The aim not to safeguard anybody’s fi? dom; it was to destroy German because the Germans had gott! the Jews off their backs and out of their country. We made war against Germany in order to make Europe safe for the Jews and for no other reason. We are making war against Afghanistan now in order to make the Middle East safe for the Jews, and for no other reason. Everything else is an act to keep the public fooled. And the public will be fooled: just as they never figured out what World War Two was all about, they won’t figure out what the war against Afghanistan is all about. They may hear rumors about the massacres being carried out now by the Northern Alliance, but the television people won’t spell it out for them, won’t show them gory pictures of the piles of corpses, ana so the public wont get it.
So again, why should you care. Why not just go along with the act, the way the big shots do?
That’s a hard question to answer, in this sense: If you’re like George Bush or any of the other big shots who think they’re being smart by going along with the act and collaborating with the Jews against their own people — if you think that’s the smart way to behave — then you won t understand my answer, no matter how carefully I explain it. If you re a person who already is totally alienated — if you’re an amoral person who already is completely disconnected from your race and its traditions and values and if you think of yourself solely as an individual scrambling to get an advantage over other individuals by any means that will work — then you won’t understand my answer.
But if you still have some sense of being a part of something larger and more permanent than yourself — if you still have a sense of racial identity, a sense of kinship with a larger family of fellow Europeans, of fellow White men and women with whom you share traditions and values and a way of looking at the world — if you value the civilization that your ancestors built over the last 5,000 years, if you think of it as your civilization — then my answer is superfluous. You already know the answer. You already understand why you must not collaborate with creatures who secredy sneer at
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4
m
K
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
9
your values, who are contemptuous of the traditions and history of your people, who have been working for thousands of years to corrupt your civilization, and who are determined to annihilate your race. You already understand why men who do collaborate with these creatures must not be permitted to make laws and set poli-
cies governing your people. You understand that instead of being applauded and looked at with respect, they should be hanged as traitors and as a warning to others who might be tempted also to betray our people. You already understand that truthfulness and righteousness are their own reward.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Value of Truth and Righteousness,” aired on November 17, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Destroying Order
George Bush had his wife on television last Saturday drumming up public support for his war. The Basic theme or her message was that the Taliban — and fundamentalist Muslims generally — don’t treat their women the way Politically Correct Americans believe they should be treated. The Muslims make them wear head-to-toe covering in public, won’t let them drive cars or hang out in shopping malls, and there’s hell to pay if one of them is caught flirting with a man who isn’t her husband. Worst of all, from Laura Bush’s point of view, the women under Taliban control aren’t permitted to work in factories or offices but instead must stay home and take care of the kids. The message was that it’s our duty to make the folks in Afghanistan treat their women the way Mrs. Bush thinks that they should be treated. If they won’t do things her way voluntarily, then it’s our duty to use cruise missiles and B-52s to force them to do it her way.
Another theme of Mrs. Bush’s message was that the aim of terrorists is to oppress women. Osama bin Laden’s September 11 attack didn’t have anything to do with Israel or with the U.S. government’s long-term support of Israel’s aggression against its Muslim neighbors; his aim was to oppress women. He hates us because American women are permitted to wear shorts and to hang around shopping malls instead of staying home with the kids. He wants to use terrorism to force us to make American women behave like Afghan women. The nutcase feminists over here may have believed that, but it sounded just as silly to me as Mr. Bush’s claim that the September 11 attack was unprovoked: that we were attacked just because the fundamentalist Muslims hate our freedom and democracy.
Well, I am sure that fundamentalist Muslims do look on American
The latest silly propaganda line is that the September 11th attacks were due to bin Laden wanting to oppress women. (The woman on the cover of Time magazine is a Canadian who was raised in Afghanistan.)
behavior with disgust. I am sure that they are shocked by the way many of our women dress in public, that they are shocked by the effeminate behavior of many of our men, that they are shocked by the morally and socially destructive propaganda we permit Hollywood and New York to pour into our homes through television. But I am equally sure that their disapproval of our behavior here in America was not the reason for the September 11 attack. And I am sure that they have no intention of trying to oppress American women or to make Americans change their behavior over here. Their concern is only with what we do in their part of the world.
One other thing I’m auite sure about is that George Bush didn’t put
his wife on the air last Saturday to talk about the oppression of women in Afghanistan because he really cares about that or because he really believes that Osama bin Laden wants to force American women to wear burqas. His aim was stricdy to drum up support for his ongoing war against Israel’s enemies in the Middle East. Actually, the Jewish brainwashing machine in Hollywood was churning out hate propaganda against Afghanistan even before the Taliban government refused the Bush government’s demand that it turn over Osama bin Laden. There was a special program about Afghanistan on CNN instead of the standard news programming; it was clearly aimed at persuading American liberals and feminists that Muslim fundamentalists — especially those in Afghanistan — are a bad bunch. When I saw the program, I said to myself, somebody is getting ready to wage war against Afghanistan whether the Taliban government turns over Osama bin Laden or not, and this program is designed to build up war sentiment among Americans.
.I’ve been seeing a lot of news reports about events in Afghanistan that most Americans don’t have a chance to see. For example, I have a very disturbing set of photographs from Ananova, a news agency in the United Kingdom. The photos were taken last week, just after George Bush’s buddies in the Northern Alliance moved into Kabul. A Taliban soldier who had stayed behind tried to surrender. The Northern Alliance soldiers beat him up, and then they ulled down his pants and castrated im, and while he was writhing in agony on the ground they began using him for target practice. I never will forget the look or wide-eyed terror on the man’s face just before he was castrated. The last photograph in the series shows two Northern Alliance
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
soldiers with big grins on their feces pumping bullets from their AK-47s into the poor bastard while other Northern Alliance people, also grinning, stand around watching the spectacle.
I was surprised to see a few photographs of the same incident in this week’s issue of Time magazine: surprised because Time magazine and its boss Gerald Levin are solidly on George Bush’s team, and they want us to think well of Mr. Bush’s Northern Alliance buddies. Of course, Time did sanitize its account of this Taliban soldier’s fete by neglecting to mention the castration — although elsewhere in this week’s issue a reporter describes how he was invited to watch while a prisoner’s eyes were gouged out with a knife. These people doing the castrating and eye-gouging are the nice folks Mr. Bush has been paying with our tax dollars to fight the Taliban. These are the people Laura Bush would have us believe will end the oppression of women in Afghanistan.
I doubt it In fact, Mr. Bush’s Northern Alliance buddies would about as soon gang rape women in Taliban territory and then hack off their breasts as they would castrate and murder Taliban POWs. They get a big kick out of that sort of thing, and that’s what they used to do pretty regularly before the Taliban took over and forced them into their enclave in northern Afghanistan a few years ago.
I’m not saying that the Taliban's supporters are nice people, but they certainly are no worse than George Bush’s buddies, and they did impose law and order on their country: law and order that no longer exist, thanks entirely to George Bush. The Taliban had forced a certain code of behavior on Afghan women — and on Afghan men too, I should add — out of religious conviction. The Northern Alliance people don’t care as much about religion. They don’t care whether women wear burqas or not; they just like to gang rape and mutilate them. And they’ve done a lot of raping and castrating in the past few days, courtesy of tne U.S. government. In addition to raping and castrating and gouging out eyes, they like to impale prisoners on sharpened stakes and watch them wriggle.
Most Americans don’t get to see any of this because the small portion of it reported by the media here is sanitized and minimized in order to
Taliban soldier about to be castrated
keep the people who are doing the dirty work for the New World Order gang in Afghanistan from looking too bad. The consequence of this onesided news coverage is that a substantial fraction of Americans believe Mrs. Bush when she announces that we are turning Afghanistan over to the Northern Alliance in order to end the oppression of women there, and they be lieve Mr. Bush when he assures them that we are helping the good guys in Afghanistan beat tne bad guys in order to end terrorism.
As I said last week, what Mr. Bush really is trying to do is replace the Taliban with a more corrupt government that can be bribed and threatened more easily than the Taliban could. He wants a puppet government that will not be a threat to Israel.
George Bush knows how to end terrorism against America from that part of the world. He doesn’t have to start a war or bomb anyone or overthrow anyone else’s government. All he has to do is quit letting Israel use America, to quit helping the Israelis kill Palestinian women and children with weapons and money supplied by the United States. He knows that as well as I do, but he pretends that he doesn’t, and that’s one of the reasons that I know he is a crook.
And his wife is a crook too. If she were really concerned about the plight of women in that part of the world, she would speak out about what the Jews in Israel are doing to Palestinian women and children. She would protest the White slave trade that is flourishing in Israel, with tens of
thousands of White women lured or kidnapped to Israel from east-ern Europe and forced to work as sex slaves there in appalling condi-tions. She would not stand beside her husband and give a big smile and a hug to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, the Butcher of Beirut, the Jewish leader who engineered the murder of thousands of Palestinian women and children in Lebanon in 1982, whenever he comes to Washington.
The Bush family is a family of liars and traitors: corrupt people flourishing in an increasingly corrupt period for America. It is too bad tnat they cannot be made now to experience the things that they force men and women in Afghanistan and Palestine to experience. Perhaps the time for that will come later. Meanwhile they are riding high on the hog and are convinced that they re pretty smart for selling out our people and doing the will of the Jews, in return for Jewish political support. They believe that they can bring the whole world under Jewish rule and benefit themselves at the expense of all the rest of us. They believe that they can bring about the New World Order, as George Bush’s father used to brag when he was President, by waging war after war against countries that refuse to knuckle under — Iraq, Serbia, Afghanistan — using our unlimited supply of cluster bombs and cruise missiles to terrify dissident countries into submission and to topple stubborn governments so that they can be replaced with compliant ones.
George Bush and his colleagues are willing to risk more foreign terrorist attacks along the way to their New World Order; in fact, in some ways foreign terrorist attacks are useful to them. They are much more concerned about domestic resistance to their New World Order scheme than they are about foreign terrorism. And when I say “domestic resistance,” I’m not thinking primarily about domestic terrorism. The government-and-media crowd is not terribly concerned about domestic terrorism unless it is waged on a scale much larger than it has been in the past and is sustained long enough to have a destabilizing effect. In fact, occasional acts of domestic terrorism are useful to them, just as acts of foreign terrorism are, but in a different way.
Foreign terrorist attacks are useful in that they provide a pretext for wars
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
needed to force unwilling countries into submission to the New World Order, as in the case of the current war against Afghanistan and the planned war against Iraq. Of course, when there is no threat of terrorism, the New World Order planners gener-ally can use some other pretext. That was the case with the Clinton government’s war against Serbia, for example. The excuse there was that the Serbs were mistreating the Albanian minority in Serbia’s Kosovo province, and so we had to bomb Belgrade in order to force the Serbs to see the error of their ways, but an excuse that flimsy often won’t hold up under stress. If the Serbs had had any kind of decent air defense system and had taken out a dozen or so U.S. bombers over Belgrade, or if they had been able to sink one of our ships in the Adriatic which was firing cruise missiles into Serbia, the American public would have lost its stomach for the war in a hurry. Much better for sustaining a war of that sort is a foreign terrorist attack, so that the war can be portrayed as necessary for America’s security or as retaliation for an attack against Americans.
Foreign terrorist attacks also provide a pretext for suppressing domestic resistance, which as I said is a matter of greater concern to the government anyway. A foreign attack gives the media an opportunity to whip the lemmings into a flag-waving, we-all-must-support-our-President mood, in which there is no tolerance for dissent, and it gives the government an opportunity to enact repressive legislation that can be used to stifle domestic resistance to a certain degree. We are seeing both these consequences of the September 11 attack now. The downside of the September 11 attack for the government and the media is the rise in anti-foreigner and anti-immigration sentiment among the public. It’s a downside for the government and the media because keeping America’s borders open is an important element of the New World Order scheme.
I also suspect that the government would prefer that the next foreign terrorist attack against the United States not be quite as damaging to the U.S. economy as the September 11 attack. A few more like that could destabilize the economy and generate a lot of public unrest.
Except when they really need a good excuse to start another war, the government and media schemers can
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
make much better use of domestic terrorism, especially if it can be blamed on anyone who seriously opposes their schemes. The media bosses and other Jewish leaders really were reaching after the Oklahoma City bombing in an effort to blame that on me, just because I wrote a novel 25 years ago in which there is a truck-bomb attack on a U.S. government building. They’re really hoping now that it will turn out that the anthrax letters are being mailed by a heterosexual White male who doesn’t like Jews and is connected to an organization of similar heterosexual White males, so that the government will have an excuse for shutting down the organization and enacting even more restrictive legislation.
I’ll guarantee you this: if it is a White American who eventually is charged with the anthrax letters, you’ll hear a lot more about it from the media than you will if it turns out to be some Muslim immigrant from the Middle East. And of course, if it turns out to be a Jew just trying to stir up anti-Muslim sentiment by signing the letters “Allah is great,” you won’t hear about it at all, unless you’re a news junkie like me.
People like George Bush, John Ashcroft, and all the other politicians who are committed to the Jewish New World Order really ate determined to abolish our Bill or Rights. They want to bring U.S. law into line with that in Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and most of the rest of Europe, where anyone who speaks out against Jewish control or Jewish influence can be imprisoned by the government And I must tell you, this government and media program of curtailing our civil liberties worries me much more than the prospect of more hijacked airliners or truck bombs.
At the moment the program the government and media people are pushing is military court-martials and summary executions for suspected terrorists: secret evidence, no right to confront one’s accuser, no jury; just a military officer who decides whether or not to have you shot as a suspect. But don’t worry, they tell us, this is only for suspected terrorists who aren’t U.S. citizens. If you’re a citizen, the new rule doesn’t apply to you.
Well, let me tell you, I worry anyway. I worry when the media lews ana the FBI both begin talking about how convenient it would be if they could torture suspects to extract infor-
11
mation and Attorney General John Ashcroft praises a new law which provides for summary executions for suspected terrorists who aren’t citizens. I worry because I know that one thing leads to another. I know these bastards who run our government and own our mass media. I know that they regard each new encroachment on our freedom as just another step toward their ultimate goal, which is no freedom at all for us. Today a law giving them a license to shoot suspected terrorists who aren’t citizens; tomorrow a law extending the shooting license to include citizens. George Bush and John Ashcroft and all the rest of the New World Order enthusiasts around them are evil men.
They are evil men, and they also are dangerous men because they have the support of the mass media. And because they have the support of the mass media, they also have the support of the great mass of Americans who don’t nave a thought in their heads that didn’t come from their television screens. The yahoos with the little flags tied to their car antennas believe that being patriotic means not criticizing the government. It means doing wnat the government tells you to do. It means believing what the government tells you to believe. If the government tells you that a law permitting the shooting of suspected terrorists will make us all safer, then the flag-wavers are all for it. If another law permits the secret police to break into your house while you are away and search through your personal belongings and private papers to find evidence against you without telling you about it, then that must be a good thing too, otherwise the government wouldn’t do it, right7
Laws are essential for order, and a government also is essential to administer and enforce the laws. The type of government and the system of laws suitable for one people might not be suitable at all for another people, another nation. I certainly would not want Co live in a society ruled by the Taliban. But the Taliban at least gave the Afghans law and order, and my belief is that it is not a good thing for us to tell other nations how they should conduct their internal affairs or what sort of laws they should have. It is not our business to decide whether or not Afghan women should be required to wear burqas.
I wonder if the flag-waving Americans who are cheering what George Bush has done to Afghanistan by
© 2001 • 'National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
destroying law and older there have any idea what life would be like in America without law and older.
I often encounter reallv foolish people who believe that if we’re tolerant and respect other people’s rights, they’ll respect ours; that if we share what we have with others, so that no one is really deprived of what he needs, then we can all live together in our wonderfully diverse, multicultural society even without a government and laws. These people don’t understand that without fear of the police to keep our multicultural elements in line, America quickly would devolve into sav-| a eery. Without order, the flower-child types who preach tolerance would be hunted down for meat and eaten alive on our city streets.
Even if we had an all-White society, we would need laws respected by our people. Without laws there is no order, and without order there is only savagery. Every gang boss, every religious nut with a few followers, every cult leader would be fighting with others for turf, for followers, for resources, for power. For most people life would be hell. Our people spent a
The same soldier who was pictured . on page 10
long time — thousands of years — developing a system of laws and government to provide order for our societies so that we could live useful and productive lives. George Bush and the media bosses who are so eager now Co abolish the hard-won laws that provide for our rights, our liberties, and to make new laws giving more and
more control of our lives to the government undermine respect for the laws and for the government They may retain the support of the yahoos, but it wasn’t yahoos who established our rights and built our system of laws in the first place. The yahoos always just went along for the ride. The government, by becoming more repressive and more intrusive, delegitimizes itself and provides a prerequisite for its overthrow.
Wien that happens we’ll all be in peril until something new and healthier is formed from the chaos. But I cannot help but wish that George Bush is still around during the chaos, so that he can experience some of the things the Taliban prisoners in Afghanistan are experiencing now at the hands of his Northern Alliance pals.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Destroying Order,” aired on November 24, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
An Awakening
First, I want to correct a misstatement that I made two weeks ago, in my broadcast of November 17. In that broadcast I said that the prime minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, who instigated the murder of thousands of Palestinian women and children in Lebanon in 1982, is being sought for trial by the International Court of Justice in the Hague, the same international court that succeeded in extraditing former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic for trial on charges of crimes against humanity in Kosovo. Actually, the charges against Sharon haven’t made it to the Hague yet. Charges have been brought against him in Brussels by survivors of the 1982 massacre, however, and the public prosecutor in Brussels made a decision earlier this year that the evidence against Sharon is sufficient to begin court proceedings. A few days ago, a summons was issued by a Belgian court for Sharon to appear at a hearing on genocide
charges. Both the Bush government in Washington and Sharon’s own government are applying enormous pressure to the Belgian government to stifle the proceedings against Sharon, but to date the legal process against him is proceeding. That in itself is remarkable in an era when Jewish influence reaches nearly everywhere in the White world.
Now today’s topic: For 35 years I have devoted nearly all my waking hours to an effort to inform and inspire White Americans and other Europeans around the world. I began in 1966 by publishing and distributing leaflets and pamphlets and tabloid newspapers in Washington. My basic message then was the same as it is now. One part of that message is that the Jews are our misfortune. We made the terrible mistake of letting them infiltrate our society, in America and in Europe. They began taking over our mass media of news and entertainment as soon as they stepped off
the boat. In the early years of the last century, they headed straight for Hollywood and, working together, elbowed nearly all of their non-Jewish competitors out of the movie business. In New York and Washington, they seized control of the nation’s most influential newspapers and magazines.
In every country in Europe, they organized communist parties based on the political theories of their fellow Jew Marx, and they fomented wars and revolutions aimed at destabilizing Gentile societies so that they could gain more power, more control. In Russia in 1917, they finally succeeded in toppling a Gentile government and imposing their will on an entire Gentile nation. And then they selectively murdered tens of millions of Russians and Ukrainians. After the start of the Second World War, they carried their murder campaign to the Baltic states and to Poland, selectively rounding up and killing the best people, the most
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV
24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
13
successful people, the most intelli-gent and creative and active people. They attempted to decapitate every Gentile nation that they could, to eliminate opposition to their rule.
In 1966, I began publishing information about the Jewish role in communism and about the terrible crimes they committed against our people in Europe. In 1968, I published the first edition of my documentary article on the Jewish control of the news and entertainment media in America, naming the key Jews and explaining how they use their media control. Its called “Who Rules America?” and I’ve updated it and republished it nearly every year since then.
I’ve explained over and over and over again, for more than 30 years, how Jewish media control has led to the total corruption of our political process and our government. The politician who gets the most votes wins a position at the public trough. The opinions of the majority of the voters - and their attitudes toward political candidates — are manipulated by the mass media. And the Jews control the mass media. I’ve pointed out the Jewish role in dozens of destructive governmental policies in the United States: immigration policy, for example. In the 1950s and 1960s the Jews pushed for switching the flow of immigrants into the United States from Europe to the Third World. They pushed for fewer White immigrants and more Brown and Black and Yellow immigrants. And after they succeeded in that, they pushed for keeping our borders open to the Third World, resulting in the continued racial darkening of America. And among themselves they talked about why this was important to them. They talked about the need to dilute the European majority in America in order to make America easier to control. They used their old tactic of divide and rule.
And I’ve talked about the Jewish role in changing the standards in American education, about the Jewish role in pushing for racial mixing in our society and for more miscegenation between Whites and non-Whites. Ive talked about the Jewish role in hate crime” and “speech crime” legislation and about the Jewish role in attempting to abolish the Second Amendment
The Polish edition of The Turner Diaries
But Jewish media control and Jewish communism and the Jewish role in the destructive governmental policies that have afflicted America are not my whole message; they are just a part of it. I also have been talking and writing for decades about our own people’s non-resistance to the Jewish evil inflicted on them. I have talked about traitors among our people who collaborated in the Jews’ destruction of America and our people.
It wasn’t long after I’d started writing and preaching to the public that I began to understand that most of the public is completely impervious to any message that doesn’t come to them through TV. The only thoughts they permit into their heads are thoughts that they believe are in the heads of their peers. These are the lemmings, and it simply isn’t worth while trying to talk to them until one can do it through a medium comparable in power to the media in the hands of the Jews.
After I realized that, I addressed my message only to that portion of our people able to think indepen-dendy of the masses. And even here I was disappointed. I wrote and spoke about things of fundamental importance for the survival of our race and our civilization, and the response was
minimal. That is, although many people agreed with me theoretically, very few were willing to do anything. In some cases it was fear: they were afraid of the government, even though the government was much less fearsome in those days than it is now. More often, however, it was simply a lack of interest. People understood what I was saying, more or less, but their response was, “So, what?”
They were relatively comfortable and secure, and the things that I was talking about seemed too impersonal, too remote. They didn’t believe that these things would impact their personal lives severely enough to warrant their taking action along the lines that I suggested. I told them about the Jewish control of the mass media, and most of them believed me, because I gave them names and other specifics they could check for themselves. I told them that allowing the Jews to exercise such power over our people would lead to our destruction. They shrugged and figured that I was exaggerating. They thought that they would control what their own kids watched on TV, and that would take care of the problem. No need to do anything drastic.
Well, I kept preaching, and I continued to develop new media for my message: radio, the Internet, music, video. The response to my message grew, but very slowly. I tried every way that I could to stress the importance of what I was saying. I used very emphatic language, sometimes shocking language. I didn’t want to risk losing credibility by exaggerating, but I did try hard to catch people’s attention and make them think about what I was saying.
And I did more than just talk and publish. One subject I had preached long and hard about from the beginning was the danger of the United States continuing to provide military, financial, and diplomatic support for the gangster state of Israel. I warned that supporting Israel was not in accord with America’s interests, that it was only making the people from whom we needed to purchase petroleum hate us, and we were getting nothing in return from Israel except contempt. Indeed, I put a great deal of effort into publicizing Israel’s treacherous attempt in 1967 to sink the U.S Navy ship, the USS Liberty, and kill the crew, so that it could be
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
blamed on Egypt, against whom Israel was waging war at the time.
Then in 1973, when Israel was involved in another war, against both Egypt and Syria, I sued the U.S. secretary of defense in a Federal court in an effort to block the illegal shipment of U.S. tanks, aircraft, and other weapons to Israel. I invited others to join me in this lawsuit This was a concrete thing people could do. If the United States could be made to stay out of the war, then Israel would lose, and our Jewish problem in the Middle East would be solved. But in order to be effective, my lawsuit needed much support. It needed some big names behind it, so that the media couldn’t ignore it It needed a whole army of high-profile lawyers prosecuting it, so that the courts couldn’t ignore it. And lawyers meant money, of course. The suit itself was on firm legal ground. The secretary of defense could not legally send U.S. tanks and planes to Israel without a specific authorization from the Congress, which he did not have. And the Jews needed the weapons immediately in order to avoid defeat by the Egyptians and the Syrians.
Well, the big names that I wanted to associate with my lawsuit refused to come forward. They were much more concerned with not offending the Jews than with eliminating the festering sore in our side that was Israel. And neither the money nor the high-profile lawyers needed to make the Federal court pay attention to my suit came forward. And so the Jewish secretary of defense, James Schlesinger, airlifted to Israel the weapons for which the Jews were clamoring. He drew down our military stockpiles in Europe to dangerously low levels in order to give Israel the weapons needed to defeat her neighbors. All of this was in the middle of the Cold War, when the U.S. defense of Western Europe against the Soviet Union was a serious matter. The Congress later gave Schlesinger the authorization to do what he had done, after the feet, but when he began doing it he lacked that authorization, and a strongly prosecuted lawsuit could have delayed the shipment of arms to Israel.
1 had put all of my own money into the effort to hold up the diversion of U.S. weapons to Israel at least long enough to give an advantage to
William Pierce
Egypt and Syria, and no one would help me. Anyway, for my efforts I had a valuable lesson in the way the judicial system works in America: it’s not about justice and right and the law; it’s all about power and money. And I also had yet another reminder of what I already had learned about the lack of any real sense of responsibility even among thinking Americans. I’m sure that many of those who refused to help me with my lawsuit in 1973 thought of themselves as patriots. They just didn’t take seriously my warning about the dangerous consequences for America of continuing to permit the U.S. government to support Israel’s aggression against her neighbors.
In 1975, I tried a new medium for my message. I wrote a novel, which I named The Turner Diaries. I looked at the trends I saw in 1975: the increasing meddling of the government in people’s lives, the increasing effort by the government to control not only what people did with their own resources, but also what they said and thought; the increasing favoritism shown to non-White minorities by the government; the increasing compulsion toward mixing of the races in the schools, in the workplace, in residential neighborhoods; and the growing alienation of the ’Write population, the growing tendency to shrug off any sense of responsibility, to withdraw into oneself and to seek only one’s own pleasure and comfort while everything else went to hell. I looked at these trends, and I tried to project them ahead 20 years. I tried to imagine what life in America would be like in the 1990s. And that’s what I wrote about in The Turner Diaries.
And thebook was successful beyond my wildest dreams. No major publisher would touch the book, of course, and I had to publish it myself. After it was published bookstores wouldn’t carry it, and reviewers wouldn’t review it. I had to advertise it and sell it myself. And despite all the obstacles it sold like hotdogs at a ball game. I was amazed. Hundreds of thousands of people bought the book and liked it and told their friends about it. It was translated into German and French and Swedish and Polish and Romanian. Last week a Polish visitor told me that the Polish edition of the book is being sold now at newsstands in railway stations in Poland. But the governments in Germany and France and Canada and Britain went to the trouble to ban the book, and people who try to sell The Turner Diaries in those countries can
be imprisoned.
But people still wouldnt do anything. People read my book as escap-ist fiction because they enjoyed the action I wrote about. But almost no one really took it seriously — until very recendy. The book was too fer-fetched to be taken seriously. It didn t seem real. They couldn’t imagine that the projection of the future that I made back in 1975 ever could come to pass in America. After all, I wrote
oKahI* on A moriro u/lfk Q Pfl 11 PR 111016
repressive government than Americans ever had experienced. I wrote about an armed uprising against the government by White patriots. I wrote about domestic terrorism on a huge scale. I wrote about patriots using truck bombs to blow up government buildings, about patriots obtaining nuclear weapons and then putting one in an airplane and flying it into the Pentagon on a suicide mission. It just didn’t seem real. Readers enjoyed it, but they didn’t take it seriously.
And it wasn’t just the action in The Turner Diaries they didn’t take seriously. They thought that my message was too extreme. They thought I was being excessively harsh in my portrayal of governmental corruption and of treason by the politicians. Things are bad, they agreed, but not as bad as I had portrayed them. They thought that the racism and the anti-Semitism of the characters in the book were too fanatical. They thought that the ethnic cleansing that was described in the book was unnecessarily bloody and
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2001
15
cruel — until very recently. But now 1 am detecting a changing attitude toward my book on the part of the most perceptive and most independent-minded readers.
The attitude of the lemmings hasn’t changed at all, of course. They’re not about to be seen reading the book, because their TV has told them that it’s a very Politically Incorrect book, a very hateful book. But thinking people are looking at it again and reconsidering their initial judgment that it is too extreme, too unrealistic. They have seen too many of the things that I wrote about in 1975 come to pass. Or at least, they ate seeing persuasive indications now that some of the farfetched things I wrote about may come to pass soon.
And it’s not just my book, The Turner Diaries, that they’re re-evaluat-ing now. They’re re-thinking everything that they had taken for granted before. They are taking things seriously now that they didn’t pay much attention to before. Until very recendy most Americans — even thinking Americans — didn’t take the government’s foreign policy very seriously, because it seemed too far from home. They didn’t believe that what the government did overseas could have much effect on their personal comfort or security. Now they understand that it can. In September, it was brought home to them that a bad foreign policy can have disastrous consequences right here in America.
And it’s not just that they understand that Americans can be bombed and hijacked and infected with anthrax by people who have been driven to desperation by our foreign policy. They have seen the U.S. government’s response and the media response to what happened in September. They have heard the barefaced, brazen lies from everyone in the government and the media to the effect that the September 11 attack was unprovoked, that it had nothing to do with the government’s support of Israel against her neighbors, that it was based only on an irrational Hatred by fundamentalist Muslims of America’s freedom and democracy — and, as Mrs. Bush claimed recendy, on their desire to oppress American women.
I have been claiming for years that the government in Washington is totally corrupt and totally under Jew-
ish control, and nearly everyone took those claims with a grain of salt. It is true that the Jews are powerful and have much political influence, they thought, but certainly Pierce is exaggerating. Certainly there still are some patriotic politicians in the government. Certainly the Jews don’t control everything in Washington the way Pierce claims they do. After all, our government often is critical of Israel’s illegal occupation of Palestinian land. Our government has criticized the programs of assassination and terrorism the Jews are using against the Palestinians. Often there are public arguments between Israeli politicians and Washington politicians. So surely Pierce is exaggerating.
Now, however, these people who were sure that I have been exaggerating are noticing that, despite the public show of criticism and disagreement, U.S. money and weapons somehow keep going to Israel, year after year. They are noticing that, while there undoubtedly are, a few minor agencies of the government in Washington that the Jews don’t have their noses in, the Jews do seem to get their way with everything that is really important to them. The doubters are noticing that in a matter as important to America as the September 11 attacks, everyone in the government and the media continues to support Israeli interests instead of American interests. No one will condemn Washington’s Israel-first policy that led to the attacks. The doubters are noticing that instead of acting to secure America’s interests now, we are beginning a major war in the Middle East in order to secure Israel’s interests.
Finally, thinking people who could not accept my blanket condemnation of Jewish influence on Euro-
pean and American society — people who objected that not all Jews had been communists back during the rise and triumph of communism, and not all communists who participated in genocide against the people of eastern Europe were Jews; people who objected that not all Jews in America are involved in the filth coming from Hollywood now, not all Jews are working to abolish the Second Amendment, not every single Jew is pushing to keep America’s borders open — these thinking people are beginning to understand that it is the collective influence of the Jews on our society that is dragging it down. It is dawning on them that the most important of the destructive influences in the life of our race are Jewish influences, whether every Jew is involved in these influences or not. They understand that we no longer can afford the luxury of quibbling over just what the role of this Jew or that Jew has been. We must act to end the overall Jewish influence, the collective Jewish influence, and if we are to survive we must do it soon.
Perhaps I am too much of an optimist, but I do believe that, after all of these years of preaching, I am seeing the beginning of an awakening among thinking Americans now, the beginning of a new contact with reality. And perhaps this awakening to the reality of our situation will lead some thinking Americans to begin accepting some responsibility for the future of our people.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “An Awakening,” aired on December 1, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech!
Enclose $40 for a one your subscription to Free Speech.
..	Mail to:
Name: ----------------------
National Vanguard Books
Address:	.....
P.O. Box 330
|	—>--------------------- Hillsboro,	WV	24946
5121
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year