IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
FREE SPEECH • NOVEMBER 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO. XI
The Corrupters
Dr. William Pierce
There Will Be Hell to Pay
Dr. William Pierce
Down the Slippery Slope
Dr. William Pierce
/V
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Why Do They Do It?
Dr. William Pierce
The Corrupters
May I be cynical for a few min' utes? I hope you don’t mind, but with the great democratic ritual of choosing a new President coming up in just a few days now, I can’t resist the urge to make a few cynical comments.
Of course, it’s not just the current Presidential campaign which is the cause for my cynicism. Have you been watching the senatorial campaign in New York.7 Have you noticed how Mrs. Clinton and the Republican candidate, Rick Lazio, have been falling over one another in their eager-ness to apply their lips to the posterior of the Jewish vote?
You certainly have seen what’s been going on in Palestine during the past few weeks. Even on American television, which always censors out the most atrocious behavior of the Jews and tries to present the news in the light most favorable to them, the basic pattern has been clear enough: Palestinians have been throwing rocks at the Jews, and the Jews have been
Corruption Starts Young
shooting and killing Palestinians. Nearly all of those killed over there have been Palestinians. The Jewish news media over here portray the conflict as “Israelis responding to Palestinian violence,” in the sense of cops responding to robbers, but it’s clear to anyone with eyes and a brain where most of the violence is coming from.
And it’s clear how the violence got started again. The most hated Jewish politician over there, Ariel Sharon, deliberately provoked it When he was in the Israeli military, Sharon used to send his troops into Palestinian villages and refugee camps to butcher unarmed civilians. That sort of behavior helped win him the votes of the raving-mad Orthodox Jews, who bob their heads up and down while praying at the “Wailing Wall” for their tribal god Yahweh to kill all the Gentiles and turn the world over to them, as he promised them 3,000 years ago.
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
Sharon is no longer an active-duty Israeli general, but he still knows how to win Jewish votes. He showed up at the Temple Mount in Jerusalem back at the beginning of the month with a huge contingent of armed bodyguards and Jewish secret police thugs, who chased away the Moslems who were praying in the mosque there. He swaggered around a bit, expressed his contempt for Moslems in general and Palestinians in particular, and left, but that was enough to infuriate Palestinians and provoke Palestinian boys into throwing rocks at Jewish soldiers, who responded by shooting them dead. Sharon’s popularity among religious Jews immediately shot up.
During the fighting a Lebanese militia took three Jewish soldiers as prisoners, and the Jewish media over here immediately began talking about “kidnapped” Jews. When armed soldiers are captured by an opposing armed force in a combat situation, the proper term is “prisoners of war,” not “kidnap victims, but the people who put the spin on our news figured “kidnap victims” would be more likely to get sympathy from Americans. They want us to feel sorry for the Israeli soldiers who are shooting Palestinian children rather than for the children who are being shot.
Weil, all of that’s a pretty transparent situation, and, even if it keeps the couch potatoes fooled, certainly both Mr. Lazio and Mrs. Clinton are smart enough to see through it. They understand what’s going on over there in Palestine. They know who the aggressors are; they know who the thieves, the butchers, the torturers, the child killers are. And yet they both grovel for the votes of the Jews over here, who support the activities of the Jews in Palestine. They pretend to believe whatever the Jews tell them. They pretend to be indignant when the United Nations asks the Jews to stop killing Palestinian children. They pretend to believe that the Jews are inoffensive and innocent and are being picked on by wicked Palestinians.
And, really, Rick Lazio and Hillary Clinton are not atypical. The fact that these two are campaigning in New York brings the Jewish issue to the fore in their campaign, of course, but the truth of the matter is that every politician in Washington also would grovel for Jewish votes in the
Oliver Cromwell
same way. The whole system has become corrupt in its very essence.
Now, I’ll tell you what I was thinking about while watching a recent Lazio-Clinton debate. Of course, I felt a certain sense of shame, of embarrassment. Neither Rick Lazio nor Hillary Clinton is a Jew. They are, unfortunately, a part of our people. We are responsible for them. But — and this is the important point — the Jews are responsible in a very general sort of way, for the fact that people so lacking in character and integrity are political candidates, and that one of them will end up in the U.S. Senate.
We always have had both bad and good men and women among our own people. We always have had crooks and swindlers and con men and liars and traitors. We have had manipulators and fast-buck artists and lawyers and child molesters among our own people. But it wasn’t often that we chose the fast-buck artists and the swindlers to govern us and make our laws. At least, we were less likely to choose such people before we let the Jews take over our news and entertainment media and begin controlling the opinions and attitudes of the lemmings, of the electorate. Before that, not every candidate for public office was a crook.
One other thing for which we ourselves are responsible is having a type of government which is a natural
breeding ground for con men and liars. The Jews didn’t do that to us. In fact, all Jews were banned from Britain during the period when the parliamentary form of government
developed there, during the 14 , 15c ,
16th, and first half of the 17*^ century. Edward I sent them all packing in 1290, because they were causing too much dissension and were involved in too much mischief in his kingdom, and it was more than 350 years later when Oliver Cromwell, deranged by a Puritan infatuation with the Old Testament, permitted them to start trickling back in. And, of course, the rat’s nest of a system we have in Washington now grew out of the English parliamentary system.
And so we cannot blame the Jews for the fact that we have many fools and many knaves among our own people, and we cannot blame them for the fact that we have a system of government which is so susceptible to corruption: a system in which fools are allowed to vote and knaves are allowed to hold office. So this weakness, this susceptibility to manipulation and corruption, was inherent in us even without the intervention of the Jews. But you know, the Jews have an amazing talent for sniffing out weaknesses in others and then figuring how to turn those weaknesses to their own advantage.
And really, that is what makes the Jews special. That is what has made them more hated than any other race by all the peoples among whom they have dwelled throughout recorded history. Jews aren’t hated just because they think they’re God’s chosen people. There are other tribes which also have delusions of grandeur. The Chinese, for example, believe that they are racially superior to the other Asiatic peoples around them. And perhaps they are, but who cares, except the Chinese?
And the Jews aren’t hated just because they shoot Palestinian children or go on throat-cutting rampages in refugee camps. Other tribes also have murderous reputations:	the
Turks, for example. And the Jews aren’t hated just because there are even more fast-buck artists among them than among us, or because they have stickier fingers than most. The Gypsies have a similar reputation, ana although no one wants to have
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
3
Gypsies around, they don’t often inspire the intense hatred that Jews do.
Jews are hated, first and foremost, because they are corrupters. They are hated, by those who are aware of what they are doing, because they involve us in their dirty business. They are hated because, instead of doing their own dirty work, like the Chinese or the Turks or the Gypsies, they deceive and manipulate us into doing it for them. They get us to support them in their murder of Palestinian children. They make us pay for it, they make us supply the weapons, and they make our government express approval of it.
The Chinese or the Turks or the Gypsies may endanger our property or our security or our economic wellbeing, but the Jews endanger our souls. Other aliens exploit us only externally; the Jews, like an especially insidious disease organism, get inside us and change the way we think and behave in order to make us easier prey for them to exploit.
A few days ago someone sent me an excerpt from a Jewish book published in 1988 by Basic Books in New York. The tide is Bom Guilty: Children of Nazi Families. It was written by a Jew in Germany, Peter Sichrovsky, and it is in effect a survey of the extent to which the compulsory brainwashing program imposed on Germans after the Second World War has been successful. It consists of the transcripts of a series of interviews with young Germans conducted by the Jew. Unfortunately, the brainwashing program has been very successful, and between the lines of the book one can read the author’s gloating over the Jews’ accomplishment in making young Germans hate their parents and grandparents and feel guilty for being German, although in typically Jewish fashion he complains that the Germans don’t feel guilty enough.
It was Jews, of course, who designed the truly satanic, soul-destroying programs of so-called “denazification” and “reeducation” which were imposed on the German people. It has been at Jewish insistence that laws have been enacted in Germany and Austria making it a penal offense to contradict or even question any detail of the Jewish
Germans are subjected to even more “Holocaust” propaganda than Americans — and have less ability to resist legally. The emotional painting above is supposed to represent a Jewish man and his daughter. Naturally, both are represented as having been tormented by Germans.
“Holocaust” story or to suggest that the Jews themselves were in any way to blame for their lack of popularity in Germany before the war. Making it illegal to oppose the brainwashing has been a factor in its effectiveness, of course. Locking people up for reading the “wrong” sort of books or listening to the “wrong” sort of music helps to keep other Germans in line. Banning political parties in Germany that fail to follow the Jewish party line helps too. And all of this has made it a little easier, no doubt, to suck the 70 billion or so dollars in reparations the Jews have extracted from the Germans since the war.
But this uniquely Jewish mode of parasitism has robbed the Germans of infinitely more than money. It has corrupted their souls — and deliberately so. In the old days when someone won a war he collected tribute from the conquered nation. He made them pay. But he didn’t meddle with their souls. He didn’t try to corrupt them spiritually. He left them free to be themselves, to feel and think whatever they wanted, so long as they paid the tribute demanded of them. But with the Jews, corrupting the victim is the main thing. And they are uniquely equipped for corruption by having a faculty for deception that is so far above that of any other people that it really must be considered different in kind as well as in degree.
In the book I just cited, Born Guilty, the Jewish author Sichrovsky writes:
It is no accident that I, a Jew, someone not burdened by past guilt, should have tackled the question of now these descendants of the perpetrators came to terms with the problem.
The arrogance of that statement — “I, a Jew, someone not burdened by past guilt” — is really breathtaking. Sichrovsky, like most Jews, accepts the idea of collective guilt, of racial guilt passed from one generation to the next: “Your Nazi grandparents persecuted us Jews, so you owe us!” Which is to say, the Jews accept the idea of other races being guilty; they certainly don’t accept the idea of their own guilt. You know, one of the principal reasons the Germans didn’t like Jews and wanted them out of Germany in the 1930s was based on the Jews’ support of communism, on the Jews’ espousal of the doctrine of their fellow Jew, Marx. The Germans knew what the Jews were doing to the Ukrainians and the Russians under communism, and they didn't want the Jews doing it to them too. They knew that the communists were implementing the Jewish doctrine of egalitarianism — they were equalizing Ukraine and Russia — by murdering wholesale the best Ukrainians and the best Russians. The Germans knew about the mass executions being carried out in Russia by the communists. They knew about the death camps, the slave-labor camps. They knew who were running these death camps. They knew who the commissars were. And believe me, Sichrovsky knows too — and yet he piously writes, “I, a Jew, someone not burdened by past guilt. . . .”
Pious fraud: that is something for which they have a unique talent The chief actor in the pious fraud racket in the United States is the professional “survivor” Elie Wiesel. Wiesel gets $25,000 plus expenses each time he consents to lay a litde collective guilt on a Gentile audience, and he does it fairly often. With a sad — really a mournful — expression on his terribly Jewish face, he spins his fairy tales about how those awful Nazis persecuted and mistreated him and all of the other innocent, inoffensive, sensitive, caring Jews: people not burdened by past guilt. And he never cracks a smile or shows a trace of embarrass-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
ment. And the hypnotized idiots in his audience lap it all up. Wiesel is a corrupter of souls. And he is only one of many.
For decades the most influential and revered Orthodox Jew in New York was Rabbi Menacnem Mendel Schneerson: the so-called Lubavitcher Rebbe and hereditary leader of the Chabad movement Every politician in New York, Jew or Gentile, genu-fleeted to the good rabbi. Schneerson died in 1992, but Hillary and Rick and the rest still pay tribute to him, expressing admiration for his wisdom and nis piety. As a matter of fact, throughout nis career Schneerson preached the hatred of all non-Jews that is inherent in Judaism. Other Orthodox Jews, such as A1 Gore’s vice-presidential candidate Joseph Lie-berman, are reticent about the more invidious aspects of their religion; in feet, they will simply lie to you about it if you question them. But Rabbi Schneerson wasn’t reticent at all. He spelled it out for his followers in his lectures and his writings. He taught that non-lews are sub-human, that they are like catde, created by the Jewish god Yahweh only to serve the Jews. He taught this expliddy, openly, over a period of many years.
I’ll auote directly from one of Rabbi Sen neerson’s lectures. This is taken from a book of his lectures published in Israel inl965. The English tide of the book is Gatherings of Conversations:
This is what needs to be said about the body; the body of a Jewish person is of a totally different quality from the body of a member of any other nation of the world ..
. . The Jewish body looks as if it were in substance similar to the bodies of non-Jews, but . . . the bodies only seem to be similar in material substance, outward look, and superficial quality. The difference of the inner quality, nowever, is so great that the bodies should be considered as completely different species. This is the reason why the Talmua states that there is an halachic difference in attitude about the bodies of non-Jews.... Their bodies are in vain.... An even greater difference exists in regard to the soul. Two contrary types of soul exist. A non-Jewish soul comes from three satanic spheres, while the Jewish soul comes from holiness.
And there’s much, much more in the same vein, although reading Rabbi Schneerson’s lectures is not easy. Like the Talmud, they are full of hair-splitting, lawyer-like quibbling and references to obscure authorities. If you spend much time reading the Talmud and ask yourself what kind of
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson
people could be governed by such a strange religion, you’ll likely come to the same conclusion both Rabbi Schneerson and I have come to: the Jews and we really are completely different species.
The Jews of the New York Times and all of the other Jews covered for Schneerson, of course. No one ever denounced his teaching or called him a “hater.” Instead, he always was praised as a sort of living saint. And as I said, the Gentile politicians like Hillary Clinton and Rick Lazio, who really know better, still genuflect whenever his name is mentioned. And the Jews play right along. What contempt they must have for us! How easy it is to deceive us!
And how easy it is to bleed us! When a U.S. Navy destroyer, the USS Cole, was attacked in the Red Sea last week and nearly 20 American sailors were killed, not one government official was willing to place the blame where it belonged. Mr. Clinton’s Jewish secretary of defense was on television promising that he would search to the ends of the earth to find and punish the people responsible for the attack.
Hey, Mr. Cohen! You don’t have to searcn that fer to find those responsible for the deaths of our sailors. The Jews have been murdering Palestinian children for the past three weeks, with the support of your government. The Jews have been firing rockets into Pal-
estinian apartment buildings helicopter gun ships supplied to Israel by your Defense Department. Las week 70 U.S. senators signed a reso. lution of support for this sort of Jew-ish behavior. That was the Senate of which you used to be a member before you became Secretary 0f Defense. It was you who sent the USS Cole into harm’s way in order to maintain a blockade of Iraq: a blockade which in no way serves American interests but which is demanded by Jews because Iraq is an enemy of Israel. Mr. Clinton came on television and said that our ship wasn’t on a hostile mission. You certainly understand. Mr. Cohen, even if Mr. Clinton doesn’t, that blockading another country with a warship is a hostile action: it is an act of war. Did you really expect all of the non-Jewish people of the Middle East being victimized by the United States acting on behalf of the Jews to simply sit on their hands forever and let themselves continue to be victimized?
No, you really didn’t expect that, did you, Mr. Cohen? You knew that eventually the victims of your government’s policies would fight back. But you didn’t really care, so long as Jews didn’t get killed. You and your fellow Jews, both in this country and in Israel, are responsible for the attack on the USS Cole, and you know it But still you go on television and refer to the attack as an act of terrorism and the attackers as cowards. Two brave men stand at attention as they willingly sacrifice their lives in order to strike a blow for their people in the only way they can, and you call them cowards and terrorists!
Ah, Mr. Cohen, you and your fellow Jews really do have contempt for our intelligence, don’t you? One of these days we will make you understand that there are a few of us who aren’t lemmings, a few of us who can see with our own eyes and hear with our own ears and figure things out for ourselves. That will be the aav when we begin settling the score witn those who have been deceiving and corrupting and bleeding our people for so long.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Corrupters,” aired on October 21, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2000 • National
Vanguard Booh . Box 330 . Hillsboro • WV 24946 ■
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
5
There Will Be Hell to Pay
I’ve spoken with you on several occasions about the international White-slave trade: that is, the enslavement of White girls and women from eastern Europe who are lured to Israel under false pretenses and forced into prostitution by Jewish organized-crime gangs from the former Soviet Union. I have pointed out that the Whiteslave business flourishes in Israel because in that country slavery is not illegal, as long as the slaves aren’t Jews. White slavery is, in fact, sanctioned by the Jewish religion.
There are several aspects of this Jewish trade in White women in addition to forced prostitution in Israel that we still haven’t discussed: child pornography, for example. And a few weeks ago I mentioned the child-prostitution operation in Brazil being run from the Israeli consulate there. Brazilian girls as young as 10 years old were being recruited to entertain Israeli tourists at sex parties in the consulate. That, fortunately, got excellent coverage in Brazilian newspapers, although there wasn’t a word about it in U.S. newspapers. The Jews have a tighter grip on the news media in the United States than almost anywhere else in the world and are quite successful at keeping most Americans from hearing about their shenanigans.
One affair that has been getting some news coverage in Italy and a few other places in Europe during the past few days, though not at all in the United States, is the breakup of a child-pornography ring operating in Moscow, which sells videotapes, CDs, and digital video discs to wealthy customers around the world through the Internet. On Wednesday of last week Italian police raided 600 homes of wealthy Italians and seized child pornography that had been purchased form suppliers in Moscow. At the same time, the three Jews who ran the business were arrested in Moscow.
Child pornography is an almost unimaginably filthy business. I’m not talking about videos of well-developed 15- or 16-year-old girls having sex. I’m talking about things so perverse and sickening that most Americans can’t imagine them. I’m talking about men being filmed having sex with two- and
One of the "Russians" who was filmed sexually abusing children on camera.
three-year-old girls. I’m talking about small children — White children — being sexually tortured and raped to death in front of a camera for the tifiliation of the sick freaks who are sexually excited by such horrors.
The freaks, I am sorry to say, are not all Jews, although Jews are disproportionately represented among them. The majority of them, in fact, are Gentiles. I don’t know what makes people become so perverse that they enjoy watching a film of a five-year-old girl being raped and sexually tortured. I think that in many cases, perhaps the majority of cases, it is not so much a sexual thing as it is a manifestation of the extreme individualism which has been promoted by the media ever since the Second World War: that’s the egoistic mind-set which holds that the individual can and should do whatever gratifies him, that he has no obligation to anyone or anything but himself, that he is the only thing in the universe that matters, that his gratification should not be limited by any moral or community or racial considerations. These jaded, individualist freaks get a buzz out of seeing or doing what is beyond the pale. If they can pay $20,000 for a video of a little girt being raped to death, they have proved to themselves that they are special, that they are like gods, that they are not held back by the moral constraints that bind ordinary mortals.
My view is that such people should simply be killed on the spot whenever and wherever they are found. More than that, the people who promote and encourage mis
extreme individualist mind-set through their control of the media should be exterminated root and branch as a class. Does that sound extreme?
Well, let me read you a few sentences from a Reuters news dispatch. This is datelined Naples, Italy, September 27:
Police said on Wednesday they had arrested eight Italians suspected of belonging to a child-pornography ring that traded videos over the Internet, including films of Russian children who were abused to death. Police specializing in Internet crime told reporters that their 19-month investigation nad given them enough information to begin investigations into 1,700 people suspected of buying the material over the web....
They said three people in Moscow ran an operation to kidnap children from orphanages, circuses, ana public parks and film them while they were forced to commit sexual acts. Police said they had intercepted some 3,000 tapes ana CDs and digital video discs of child pornography, including some involving cnildren only several months old. The packages were intercepted at the Italian border when they arrived by mail and were repacked. They were then delivered to the addressees by undercover police officers disguised as postal workers and carrying hidden cameras.
“Three people in Moscow” ran the operation: three members of a Jewish organized crime gang. And because they were Jews, you didn’t see the news on American television or read about it in most U.S. newspapers. In fact it was just a fluke that any news at all of this Jewish operation was allowed to be published. A few courageous Italian newsmen — and I mean real Italians, not Jews residing in Italy — took the extraordinary step of televising some horrifying excerpts from the Jewish videos the day after the raids. In a news report viewed by 11 million Italians the newsmen bypassed the regular TV news directors and broadcast on prime-time television video footage showing Russian children being raped, tortured, and killed. This was on Thursday of last week. Have you seen or heard even a word about it here in the United States? I doubt it.
Immediately after the Italian TV broadcasts last Thursday, the Jewish TV news director of die government-run television network, Gad Lerner,
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
came on the air and apologized to the powers that be, explaining that the material had been included in the news program without his knowledge, and tne Italian news executives who had made the decision to broadcast the shocking video footage were forced to resign. But the beans had been spilled, and after that even the Associated Press felt obliged to report something about the affair.
I’ll read now from an Associated Press report of September 29, two days after the police raids and the day after the Italian TV news exposure of the affair:
... [PJolice said they had broken up an online international cnild pornography ring, arrested eight Italians and three Russians, and seized thousands of videos and photographs. The Russian-run ring, which distributed an explicit catalog on tne Internet, catered to clients in the United States, Germany, and Italy. Its inventory included films of children being tortured and killed.
... Investigators say tne pornography ring produces and distributes images showing children as young as two years old being sexually abused. Some of the victims reportedly were stolen from orphanages, others from families. Its catalog offers films of killings for about $20,000 and images of people having sex with children for about half that.
Twenty thousand dollars for a film of a little blonde, blue-eyed Russian girl being raped to death; 1,700 customers for such films. Well, I guess there must be some pretty rich Jewish filmmakers in Moscow. And you haven’t heard a word about any of it before my broadcast today, have you? Can you imagine what it would have been like if real Russians instead of Jewish gangsters had been kidnapping and murdering litrie Jewish children in Moscow so they could film the murders and sell copies of the film to rich Gentile perverts? It would have been non-stop news through every news medium in America. Bill Clinton and Madeleine Albright would have been on television grimly warning the Russian government that it must do more to catch the Gentiles responsible and to protect the Jews from them. The Jews would be moaning about the “ Holocaust” again and holding out their hands for reparations from the Russian government.
You know, the Jews have complained for centuries about what they call the “blood libel.” “Blood libel” is the blanket name they have applied to all the many reports which have
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
Italian police view stills of the child porn videos.
repeatedly cropped up, over hundreds of years, in every nation of Europe, from England to Russia: reports of Jews kidnapping Gentile children and ritually murdering them.
The 14th century English writer, Geoffrey Chaucer, told in his Canterbury Tales the story of little Hugh of Lincoln, reportedly kidnapped and ritually murdered by Jews in England 150 years earlier. Shortly after that murder, King Edward I expelled all of the Jews from England. The reports of Jewish ritual murders were still coming in from other countries throughout the
19 century, 600 years after the murder of Hugh of Lincoln.
The Jews have denied all of these reports, claiming that they were the work of Christian anti-Semites who just wanted to stir up hatred against them. And I must confess to you, I have tended to believe the Jews rather than the Christians in this matter of “blood libel.” I have asked myself, “What would the Jews have to gain by ritually murdering Gentile children? Why would they take such a terrible risk of being found out and punished, as they were in England?” Well, of course, that’s not taking into account the absolutely breathtaking arrogance of the Jews: chutzpah they call it. And now I am forced to reconsider my former judgment on the matter of Jewish ritual murder.
I mean, what is this business of Jewish gangsters kidnapping Russian children from orphanages or snatching them from public parks in Moscow or Sl Petersburg when their parents aren’t looking and then sexually torturing them to death in front of a camera if not ritual murder? Of course, these days the Jews usually don’t have to scream about “blood
libel” when they’re caught committing these horrible atrocities, because thi usually are able to keep the news sup. pressed. I suspect that if you ask your favorite Jewish media boss why this report of the police raids in Italy and the arrest of the child-pornographers in Moscow didn’t get mote news coverage in the United States, he’ll tell you that such news would only generate hatred against the Jews.
And you know, he’d be right If there’s any group of people on this planet who have valid reasons for hating the Jews it’s the Russians: the real Russians, not the so-called “Russians” you occasionally hear the media here mention when they’re reporting on organized crime in Russia. Those aren’t Russians; they’re Jews living in Russia. The Jews bled Russia dry with 70 years of Marxist rule and murdered tens of millions of Russians -the best Russians — in the communist slave labor camps or in the basements of the secret police headquarters or beside the shooting pits in forests all over Russia and Ukraine; they have forced thousands of the prettiest young Russian women into prostitution and slavery after the fall of communism; and now they kidnap Russian children and rape and sexually torture them to death in front of a camera in order to make child-porn films for rich perverts in the West. The Jews are lucky they still control most of the television and other mass media in Russia — because if the Russian people ever are fully awakened to what the Jews are still doing to them, they will rise up and kill every Jew in Russia — every Jew — and they will be fully justified in doing so.
And I’ll tell you what I’m going to do without waiting for that to happen. I’m going to gather, publish, and distribute every piece of historical evidence I can find relating to Jewish ritual murders during the past 800 years or so. I’ll publish a book on the subject. It’ll be the best, most accurate, and most complete account of Jewish ritual murders I can make it. I’ll advertise it and sell it in Russia and everywhere else. It might take me two or three months to get the book into print, but I’ll tell you when I do. And meanwhile, those of you who have access to the Internet or to a large library, look up for yourself the news reports I’ve cited today about this Jew-run ring of child pornographers in
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • V/V
24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
7
Russia. That’s the September 27 Reuters report and the September 29 Associated Press report. Read them and tell everyone you know about them. You might also send a letter to both these news agencies and ask them why they persist in referring to Jewish organized criminals in Russia as “Russians” instead of as Jews.
You know, there are some things I really get steamed about, and this business of kidnapping and raping and murdering little White children for the amusement of rich perverts and the enrichment of Jewish filmmakers is one of those things. And listen: don’t try to tell me that this is just a few Jews who do such things, that most Jews aren’t responsible for such horrible atrocities.
But they certainly are responsible, because the ones who don’t run the child-porn business cover for the ones who do. This latest story of the child-porn raids in Italy last week will never be generally known in the United States, of course. The lemmings won’t know about it, because they won’t hear about it from Tom Brokaw or Dan Rather, and Oprah certainly won’t be talking about it. Only those of you who listen to these American Dissident Voices broadcasts, and a few tens of thousands of other independent thinkers, out of 275 million Americans, will ever hear about it
But if by some miracle this affair were pounded into the consciousness of the American lemmings — if, for example, some of those 11 million Italians who saw on television last week a few unforgettable images from the seized child-porn films have
enough contact with Italians in America to make it difficult for the media bosses here to keep the lid on the news — if that happens, the mainstream Jews will cover for their brethren in the child-porn business. Jewish solidarity will prevail, and we’ll be hearing all of the respectable Jews, from A1 Gore’s buddy Joe Lieberman, “the conscience of the Senate,” down to the Jewish news director at your local television station, moaning about “blood libel.” They will cover for each other, and that’s why child pornography is still a billion-dollar business.
That’s why tens of thousands of the prettiest young White women from eastern Europe are still forced to work as prostitutes in Israel and elsewhere. It’s because the Jews cover for each other. That’s why little Russian girls are being kidnapped and raped in front of video cameras. It’s because the Jews who are not actually in the child-porn business themselves cover for the ones who are. It’s why little Russian girls will continue to be kidnapped and raped to death in the future, even after the arrest of the three Jewish ringleaders in Moscow last week.
If the people in the news media gave this affair the coverage it deserves, just as a news story, the public would demand such severe action that child pornography no longer would be a profitable business for Jews or anyone else. Even the politicians would insist on a crackdown. But the bosses of the news media will not give this affair any coverage at all, because they know who the guilty par-
ties are, and they are determined to protect those guilty parties, who are their fellow Jews.
I’ll say that again: instead of news coverage we get only silence from the media here in the United States. The rich perverts in the United States who were among the customers of those Jews in Moscow will be permitted to continue building their video collections of child pornography without interference or publicity. And you know as well as I do why there has been only silence from the mass media in the United States: it’s certainly not because the breakup of this operation in Italy last week isn’t newsworthy; it’s not because the American public wouldn’t be interested; it’s not because there’s any doubt about the facts: it is because child pornography is essentially a Jewish business, and the news media who should be exposing it are controlled by Jews who cover for their fellow Jews. That is why I hold them all responsible — and not just the Jews, but also those of our own people who collaborate with the Jews and make excuses for the Jews.
And it’s why I recendy have begun reexamining the whole subject of Jewish ritual murder — because, you know, it worked in the past the same way it works today. Some little group of Jewish perverts or Jewish religious fanatics carrying out some hate-filled injunction in the Talmud gets caught for murdering a Gentile child, and the other Jews try to buy off the authorities. That’s the way it was in 1913 when Leo Frank raped and murdered little Mary Phagan in
© 2000 I National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
Without the support of the United States, Israel couldn’t behave as a terroristic state.
his Atlanta pencil factory. He was caught, tried, convicted, and sentenced to die, but his fellow Jews paid of? the governor of Georgia and had his sentence commuted. I have no doubt at all that if the citizens of Georgia had not taken the matter into their own hands and hanged Frank themselves, he eventually would have received a pardon and been released.
Well, despite their bad luck with Mary Phagan and perhaps also their bad luck with little Hugh of Lincoln, the Jews are surprisingly confident about their ability to get away with ewrything. Certainly, they have gotten
away with vasdy more than they have been punished for. But, you know, their fuck will change one of these days, and then there will be hell to pay. They thought they had Italian television news safely under their control, and then a few rebellious Italian newsmen blew the whisde on them last week and gave 11 million Italians an eyeful of what the Jews in Moscow have been up to.
They believe they have the news media in America so tighdy under their control that the American lemmings never will have a clue. Well, they have kept the American lem-
mings from learning anything at all about the child-porn bust in Moscow last week, but they also had a bit of bad luck in Palestine last week, when a courageous French cameraman caught on film their deliberate, cold-blooded, sadistic murder of a Palestinian child. That made such a ruckus in Europe that even some of the Jewish media in the United States felt obliged to carry it — briefly.
Did you see it? A 12-year-old Palestinian boy, returning from the market with his father had the misfortune of passing near a group of Israeli soldiers who were shooting at some young Palestinians who had thrown rocks at the soldiers. The rock-throwers were able to take cover, so the Israelis took out their hatred of Palestinians on the boy and his father. As the two unarmed Palestinians crouched against a concrete wall and begged for their lives, the Jewish soldiers deliberately pumped four bullets into the boy, killing nim. They also shot the father, who survived. And when a Palestinian ambulance arrived on the scene, the Jews shot and killed the ambulance driver. And the French cameraman filmed it all.
And you know how the news media in America reported last week’s clash between the Palestinians and the Jews? They said:	“Israeli	soldiers
responded to Palestinian violence.” Really! “Israeli soldiers responded to Palestinian violence.”
Well. as I said, one of these days there will be hell to pay, and that day can’t come too soon.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “There Will Be Hell to Pay,” aired on October 7, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to FREE SREECH
Enclose $40 for cl one year aubaoriptlon to Free Speech
„	Mall	to:
N&H16!	National	Vanguard
© 2000 . National Vanguard Boohs ■ Box 330 ■ Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yrar
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
9
Down the Slippery Slope
I've had many comments on the program in which I told you about the breakup of a child-pornography ring in Moscow which kidnapped Russian children, raped and sexually tortured them in front of cameras, and then sold videos of the activity to wealthy perverts in the West. In some of the videos, children were raped and tortured to death. Many listeners who contacted me were frustrated because they were unable to locate the news sources on the Internet which I cited during my broadcast. I myself was surprised at the almost total blackout of this important story in the United States, especially in view of the fact that many of the customers of this child-pornography ring live in this country — or perhaps that's why the blackout was so nearly complete here.
But information is available to those who know how to look for it. In addition to the media sources I cited earlier, there were a couple of other reports which I have become aware of since my broadcast. There was a September 29 Reuters report from Moscow, revealing that two of the three men arrested there already had been released by the police. Can you imagine turning people loose who were involved in that sort of activity? It certainly sounds as if the people who kidnapped, raped, and tortured Russian children have some powerful friends. That September 29 Reuters report, by the way, is in addition to the September 27 Reuters report from Naples I quoted during the broadcast.
And in London the October 1 issue of the Guardian published a reasonably detailed story. The Guardian newspaper has a web site — guard-ianunlimited.co.uk — where you can view the story. The Guardian news report contains one interesting piece of information of which I previously was unaware: most of the kidnapped Russian children, says the Guardian, were little boys rather than little girls.
I had just assumed that they were all little girls. So if the Guardian is correct, then most of the wealthy perverts in the West who kept this filthy business going with their money are homosexuals. That may be another reason, besides the Jewish domination of organized crime in Russia and
Normal?
the Jewish domination of the media here, why this story was blacked out so thoroughly.
One of these days I'll have to do a broadcast on the homosexual brotherhood, the homosexual mafia — and on the phenomenon of homosexuality. If homosexuals were merely men confused about their sexuality, such a broadcast wouldn't be worthwhile. But there is, unfortunately, much more to it. Homosexuals are profoundly abnormal people, and their abnormality, their sickness affects much more than their preference in sexual partners. They have an abnormal way of looking at the world, an abnormal way of thinking, in which sexual sadism and other things that are abhorrent to normal people become attractive. They really aren't just like normal people except for their sexual orientation. People who believe that homosexuals ought to be allowed to be scout leaders or school teachers need to be worked over with an oak table leg and then sentenced to 20 years of hard labor in order to straighten out their thinking. Well, we'll talk about that another time.
Sometimes when a person is suffering from a disease it may be helpful
to him if he can examine another person who has had the same disease for a longer time and is showing the symptoms to a greater degree. In this way he may at least have some forewarning of what to expect as his own disease runs its course.
Britain — the United Kingdom — is probably between five and ten years further down the slippery slope of Political Correctness than the United States is. Three hundred years ago many of the independent-minded types left Britain and came to the North American colonies, while the more docile and obedient folks stayed in Britain. This is reflected today in a greater degree of authoritarianism among the descendants of those who stayed home than in the descendants of those who came to the colonies. Which is to say, there is an even higher percentage of lemmings in England today than in the United States.
In view of this, it is not surprising that the program initiated 60 or so years ago to convert the entire planet into a global plantation under the benevolent dominion of the Chosen few and their superrich allies in the multinational corporations has made a little more progress on some fronts in the United Kingdom than in the United States. On the political front, I suppose we've sunk to about the same level. Over here we have Bill Clinton, and over there they have Tony Blair, who is approximately as great an embarrassment to real Englishmen as Bill Clinton is to real Americans. Over here our government is packed full of Jews, but the same is true over there.
On the demographic front we seem at first glance to be worse off than they are. About 30 per cent of our population is non-White compared to only 7 per cent of theirs. But that's deceptive. In 1950 our population was only 10 per cent non-White, and virtually all of those were descendants of Black slaves we failed to dispose of properly when slavery was abolished here after the Civil War. So the percentage of non-Whites in the United States has tripled since the Second World War. But there were practically no non-Whites in Britain
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
before the Second World War. They all have come flooding in since the breakup of the British Empire in the 1950s. Many urban areas in England today are as heavily polluted by non-Whites as the worst urban areas in America, and the growth of multicul-turalism in England probably has been more of a cultural and psychological shock for the English than the equivalent phenomenon has been for Americans.
At the same time, however, many of the inhabitants of the United Kingdom are taking to multiculturalism with a disgusting degree of lemming like enthusiasm. There is a limp-wristed variety of very fashionable educated English ladies and gende-men whose principal aim in life is to be on the cutting edge of every degenerate and destructive trend and fad that comes along. The latest fad is to redefine what it means to be “English” or to be “British.” The trendies are raising a hue and cry about the “racism” inherent in those designations. Those terms aren't inclusive enough, they believe. Some of the newer residents of the United Kingdom may feel left out and have their feelings hurt.
I'll read you the first sentence — and a couple of other sentences — from an Associated Press report of October 11 from London:
"Britishness" and "Englishness" are racially coded terms with a Whites-only connotation, an independent commission said Wednesday in a report that called for a rethinking of me nation's self-image. . . . "Britishness, as much as Englishness, has systematic, largely unspoken, racial connotations," the report said. "Whiteness nowhere features as an explicit condition of being British, but it is widely understood that Englishness, and therefore by extension Britishness, is racially coded. There ain't no black in the Union Jack/ it has been said/"
This report was commissioned by an outfit called the “Runnymede Trust,” described by the Associated Press as “an independent organization devoted to promoting racial justice.” Unfortunately, we have outfits like that in the United States also, but they seem to be a little more obnoxious and a little more of a problem in England. Typically they are made up of the very fashionable liberal trendies 1 mentioned earlier, a token member or two of the royal family, a handful of wogs and Blacks, and a few church-
Prince Maximillian of Liechtenstein with his non-White bride. The Jews of the UK would like to see the royal family there follow his example.
men. The Christian church in England has become at least as malign a force as in America and has its hands in every racially destructive business that comes along. And the royal family has been a joke for several generations now. But to the authoritarian-minded English, the church and the royal family lend credibility to outfits like the Runnymede Trust, and the recent report undoubtedly has even more Englishmen than before feeling guilty about the fact that Alfred the Great wasn't a Rastafarian and Henry the Eighth wasn’t a Pakistani.
The chairman of the committee that wrote the report is a wog, one of the millions who came flooding into England with the dissolution of the Empire after the Second World War and now wants to be considered an “Englishman.” He is Professor Bhiku Parekh, and he was bold enough to say:
There is a very important role for a common national culture and a common civic nationality. But we are requesting that this common culture ... be discussed and renegotiated.
So Professor Parekh believes that the meaning of Englishness needs to be renegotiated. Sounds a bit Orwellian, doesn’t it7 But, believe me, the English lemmings are willing to go along.
And so are those Chosen few who tell the lemmings which way to go. One of these Chosen few who has been heard from in connection with the report is “Lady” Kate Gavron, wife of the filthy-rich and very Jewish publisher, “Lord” Gavron. She is the vice-chairman of the Commission on the Future of Multi-Ethnic Britain, the committee of the Runnymede Trust, which produced the report “Lord” Gavron became a lord, by the way, by donating 500,000 pounds -that’s three-quarters of a million dollars — to Tony Blair’s last election campaign. That’s the way one becomes a “lord” or a “lady” in England these days.
When the report was released two weeks ago “Lady” Gavron remarked that Prince Charles should have married a Negress as a symbol of his support for multiculturalism. The Royal Family, she announced, should take the lead in promoting racial integration. Last week she repeated herself when she told the London Telegraph:
It would have been great if Prince Charles had been told to marry someone black. Imagine what message that would have sent out.
Yes, imagine! That’s in the October 17th issue of the Telegraph.
“Lady” Gavron also told the Telegraph that the present Royal Family sends out “the wrong message about Britain today.” She complained that “they’re all white. It is part of a very unattractive hierarchy.” She had a similar complaint about the aristocracy in general, which she believes is “too Anglo-Saxon.” She said, “Anything hereditary is completely anachronistic and illogical.” Her views on Britain’s history were similar:
We need to acknowledge that there are different ways of looking at history. The problem with the Empire was the inequality of power. It was something we did to the Indians and Africans, not with them.
Well, despite the eagerness of the lemmings to go along with the report, there has been some dissent. A few tradition-minded Englishmen are offended by the whole idea of redefining what it means to be English, but they are being kept in their place by the more progressive-minded politicians and bureaucrats, as well as by the twitterings of the fashionable set, for whom “Lady” Gavron is an ideological arbiter. The Guardian, a very
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
11
liberal London newspaper, in an October 12 editorial, sniffed at those Englishmen who foiled to appreciate the report’s recommendation for more inclusiveness:
They evidently do not understand what it means to feel excluded: don't feel the individual pain, don't reflect on the social consequences.
Well, the author of that editorial, a Hugo Young, is one of those very fashionable, limp-wristed Englishmen I mentioned.
Trevor Phillips, who is the chairman of the Greater London Assembly and also is one of the authors of the report, dismissed the dissent as “knee-jerk reactions of little Englanders.” By “litde Englanders” he means those who are fond of the idea of England by itself, rather than as an integral part of the New World Order. Phillips also said:
St. George was a Palestinian, and Richard the Lionheart didn't get around to learning English.
To call St George a “Palestinian” is as misleading as the effort to label the Greek Cleopatra a “Negress,” because she was a queen of Egypt Oh, and, by the way, Trevor Phillips is an “Englishman” of the Caribbean/African variety, another result of the breakup of the Empire.
So guess who entered the dispute as a peacemaker, reconciling the traditionalists and the progressives? None other than Tony Blair’s very Jewish Home Secretary Jack Straw. Said Straw:
I do not accept the arguments of those on the nationalist right or the liberal left that Britain as a cohesive whole is dead. Britishness has become inclusive, with peo-le happily defining themselves as black ritish or Chinese British.
And now you really should not be surprised when I tell you that it was Jack Straw himself who in early 1998 launched the committee of the Runnymede Trust that produced the report As in America, also in Britain Jack Straw’s tribesmen have their hands up to the elbows in every piece of destructive filth which comes along. That we should expect from what we know about his Chosen tribe. What is disappointing and maddening is that we have so many trendy fools among our own tribe who are ready to follow with mindless
enthusiasm wherever the Jew leads them.
Well, in Britain this sort of thing has been coming for a long time. For more than a century now English monarchs have been appointing Jews to the House of Lords. At the beginning of this sorry process in the 19th century, it was necessary that they first declare themselves Christians, as in the case of Benjamin Disraeli, for example, but eventually all that was necessary was that they make themselves useful to the monarch in some way, and monarchs all too often found that a little extra cash was very useful. So we have had the ridiculous spectacle of “Baron” Rothschild and “Lord” Disraeli, “Earl” of Beacons-field, and the camel-faced “Lord” Gavron and all too many others without a trace of Englishness in them declaring themselves to be English aristocrats. These days the process of becoming an aristocrat has become even more degraded because it is the prime minister rather than the monarch who chooses the new lords and ladies, and prime ministers usually are even more in need of ready cash than are monarchs.
Well, as 1 said, although many Englishmen are not happy about the concept of Chinese Englishmen and Negro Englishmen, they have left themselves open to the present situa-
tion. In the first place, they not only fought enthusiastically on the wrong side of the Second World War but were to a large degree responsible for there being a Second World War, which for a while after the war they actually believed they had won, just because they had participated in the destruction of their hated economic rival Germany. That was the war, remember, which sanctified the notions of “equality” and “democracy” and made the dissolution of the British Empire a logical necessity.
And in the second place, the English, because of their somewhat greater tendency toward conformity and ideological fashionableness than those of us on the other side of the Great Water have been easier victims of the Jewish racket to make “racism” a greater sin than child molesting. The average Brit today is even more terrified of being thought a “racist” than is the average American and also is more willing to go along with whatever destructive foolishness the fosh-ion-conscious lords and ladies, led by the likes of Jack Straw and Kate Gavron, are pushing at the moment
Well, unfortunately, we over here are on the same slippery slope that the Brits are on. We also fought on the wrong side of the Second World War and then blindly began implementing the ideas inherent in the slogans we mindlessly parroted during
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
that war. A more serious and troubling aspect of all this than the gullibility and lemming-like nature of the masses of our people on both sides of the Atlantic is the decline in morale on the part of our more aristocratic elements: our stronger, prouder, and more independent-minded elements, who in less democratic times used to provide our people with genuine leaders and keep the lemmings from going too far astray.
The British aristocracy — that is, the Anglo-Saxon aristocracy, the Anglo-Celtic aristocracy, the Anglo-Norman aristocracy — really has gone downhill since the time of Henry the Eighth, and the decline hasn’t been entirely due to lax breeding habits. We’ve suffered the same sort of decline in leadership morale over here since the time of Patrick Henry and George Washington and Thomas Jefferson. It’s not that our leaders have been tricked into believing the egalitarian claptrap promoted by Jews like Jack Straw ana “Lady” Gavron. It’s more that they are willing to tolerate the sort of wickedness now that they wouldn’t have tolerated a couple of centuries ago. They’re less willing to stand up and speak out against evil. They’ve lost most of their civic cour-
age. How long has it been since there has been a much needed assassination of a prime minister over there or a President or congressional leader or media boss over nere? We tolerate every sort of treason and destructive wickedness imaginable rather than rebel against it.
Well, you know. I probably rage against this sort of thing too much. I complain too much about the growing worthlessness of the lemmings and the growing lack of responsibility on the part of those who should be leading them in a healthy, positive direction, but aren’t. I suppose my comments are useful to some degree if they help people think about the problems we face, but on both sides of the Adantic we need to do more than think about our problems and complain about them. Where leadership is lacking we need to step forward and provide leadership.
Lemmings behave the way they do because they have been persuaded that that’s the way they’re supposed to behave, that that’s what is expected of them. They are not consciously evil or consciously depraved. They just don’t have minds of their own. They always let other people decide for them what is right and what they should think
and what they should do. And the wrong people have been deciding these things for them. We need to begin taking the responsibility of deciding away from the media bosses and the politicians. We can’t do this all at once, and we certainly can’t do it for all or the lemmings now, but we can begin affecting the way some of the lemmings think and behave. And we can do this by standing up and speaking out and by setting the right example with our own behavior.
when you make a public statement of any kind, never apologize for being White, never apologize to non-Whites for anything, never disclaim racism, never seem weak, never compromise on fundamentals, never waffle. Be strong and sure and self-confident. Do right and fear no one. The lemmings will begin following.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Down the Slippery Slope,” aired on October 28, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Why Do They Do It?
I have an update on what we talked about two weeks ago: that was what happened to a lawsuit a group of aging American veterans of the Second World War filed in a Federal court in California against some of Japan’s biggest corporations, who had used the veterans as slave laborers during the time they were prisoners of war of the Japanese. The American veterans were asking the Japanese corporations to pay them compensation for their slave labor.
Well, Madeleine Albright’s State Department asked the judge to rule against the veterans and in favor of the Japanese companies which made them do forced labor during the war. This was the same Madeleine Albright who has vigorously supported the claims of Jews who want compensation for the work they did during the same war. But the American veterans aren’t Jews, and different rules apply for Jews and non-Jews. And so last month the Federal court did as our Jewish secretary of state
asked and threw the veterans’ lawsuit against the Japanese corporations out of court. That court ruling was on September 21.
The very next day, on September 22, a group of elderly Poles learned exacdy the same lesson the American veterans had learned: if you’re not a Jew you’re out of luck when it comes to World War Two reparations.
Here’s what happened: In August 1998 a group of Swiss banks were pressured by the Jewish media and the threat of boycotts into agreeing to pay $1.25 billion to Jews — and others — who claimed to be victims of Nazi persecution during the Second World War. If you remember, I had several radio broadcasts about this extortion racket against the Swiss at the time. Those besides the Jews who were supposed to share in the loot from this racket were Gypsies, homosexuals, Jehovah’s Witnesses — and Poles. Well, in January 1999 the Jewish organizations who were behind the racket managed to get the Poles kicked off
the beneficiary list. That wasn’t difficult, because the whole affair was being arranged by a Federal court in Brooklyn, New York, and the judge in charge was a Jew, Edward Korman.
Well, of course, the Poles complained long and loud, but Judge Korman and the Jewish lawyers involved in the setdement with the Swiss banks ignored them. Finally, in October of last year the Poles filed a motion to intervene in the setdement. Judge Korman denied their motion, telling the Poles that if they were allowed to share in the loot, there wouldn’t be enough left for the Jews. Really! “If we share it with you, there won’t be enough left for us.”
“Go file your own lawsuit,” Judge Korman told the Poles. The Poles appealed to a higher court, and on September 22 or this year — three weeks ago — the appeals court ruled against them too, allowing Judge Korman to proceed with the plan of giving the bulk of the money extracted from the Swiss banks to the Jews and
. Bo* 330 • Hillsboro • W 24946 • $40/ycarM
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
13
leaving the Poles with nothing: not a cent I think that’s funny. People who collaborate with the Jews ana expect the Jews to show them the same corn sideradon deserve to be left out in the cold.
I also have an update on last week’s broadcast, when we talked about the breakup of a child pornography ring being run by an organized crime gang in Moscow. I complained that despite the fact that many of the perverts who are customers of this Jewish gang in Russia live in the United States, there was absolutely no news about it published here, and I explained that this was another case of the “respectable” Jews, the establishment Jews, the media Jews, covering for the Talmud-Torah Jews. Well, I’ve received responses from around the world concerning that situation. People from New Zealand to Denmark have told me that they are vaguely aware of what’s going on, but that the mass media in their countries refuse to say anything about it.
The two countries where the breakup of the child-pornography ring in Moscow two weeks ago was give substantial publicity were Italy and Sweden. In fact it was the news coverage in Sweden that first brought the matter to my attention. The big Stockholm newspaper Aftonbladet actually gave pretty good coverage to the news, even getting into the horrifying fact that some of the child-pom films showed litde Russian children being raped and tortured to death — except, of course, the Jewishness of the child-pornography business wasn’t mentioned by Aftonbladet.
And nearly everywhere except Sweden and Italy the news was totally blacked out. Even in Denmark, next door to Sweden, the newspapers and television refused to say a word, and Danes were able to learn the news only from the Internet There is somewhat more awareness of the Jewish slave trade in adult women from eastern Europe, but even people who are aware of this slave trade are afraid Co talk about it; they are afraid they will be labeled “anti-Semites” if they do.
I should mention now that if you don’t have Internet access, or if you have been unsuccessful in finding the child-pom news reports on the Internet to which I referred last week, you can get them direcdy from me. I’d much rather you do the research your-
Jesse Jackson is ail for reparations
self, but if you can’t or don’t want to, you can send me $25 for my time and trouble, and I’ll mail you copies of the Reuters report of September 27, the Associated Press report of September 29, and the Aftonbladet story of September 28.
Well, we soon may have some help in dragging the slavery issue into the light. As you already may be aware, Black organizations for some time have been watching with envy the success of the Jews in extorting “reparations” from the rest of the world for wrongs supposedly done to the Jews long ago. The Blacks have been complaining, “Hey! What about us? When do we get reparations for 400 years of slavery?” For the most part no one paid any attention to these Black complaints — until recendy. Things have been getting nuttier and nuttier in the United States as liberals have pushed their loony theories about equality and White guilt to the limit Two weeks ago a law was passed — where else but in California? — that opens the door to Black claims for reparations for slavery. The new law really only applies to insurance companies which sold policies to slave owners more than 140 years ago, but you can be certain that getting reparations from insurance companies will be only the first step. Once they have their foot in the
door, there will be no stopping Blacks in their greedy scramble for more and more and more.
I think it’s a wonderful thing. There are approximately 30 million Blacks now in the United States, and virtually all of them are descended from Blacks who were slaves prior to the Civil War. What is fair compensation for them? If I were a Black, I wouldn’t setde for less than $25,000. Well, that’s nearly a trillion dollars altogether: a tidy sum. If we apply the burden equally to the approximately 45 million White households in the United States, that’s nearly $20,000 per household. But you know, that’s not a bad price to pay for absolution from White racial guilt, is it? What do you think?
I think that a lot of the White liberals who have been loudest in whining about White racial guilt will suddenly find something else to whine about when presented with their personal $20,000 demand for reparations to the Blacks. I think it will be amusing to watch the expressions on their faces.
Of course, it is unlikely that the situation will develop quite that way; real life usually is a little more complicated. But it is a fact that Gray Davis, the terminally trendy governor of California the most multi-culti state in America, signed into law two weeks ago a bill opening up America’s oldest and largest insurance companies for Black reparations claims. Demands already are being made, and many more demands will be made in the future. America’s largest insurance company, Aetna, already has begun apologizing for being a White company, hoping to mollify some of the Blacks looking for reparations. And as I said a moment ago, the smell of reparations money soon will have every Black organization in America in a feeding frenzy. And you can bet that Jewish lawyers will be the ones filing the class-action suits against every White institution in sight, while Jewish publicists lead the chorus in yelping and howling for more money. The show will be hilarious and certainly will do wonders for race relations!
I said I think that this will be a wonderful thing for two reasons: First, it’s good for everyone to see just where the nuttiness of egalitarianism and multiculturalism is taking us. At
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
The U.S. Army wants Mexicans
this time most of what we hear is the feminine whining of the “oh, why can’t we all just learn to love each other and get along together” crowd. Those are the folks who believe that if we could just get some “speech crime” laws to shut up those awful hetetosex-ual White males and some more gun control laws to disarm them, then we could all live together in multicultural bliss forever. I think it will be better when that whining gives way to the snarling of the crowd whose message is “pay up now, Whitey!”
Second, it would be good for the soccer moms and all the other White suburban liberals to have a big bite taken out of their comfort if they’re forced to pay reparations to the Blacks. Actually, I would like to see all the White liberals turned out onto the street in mid-winter, shivering and wondering where their next meal is coming from. These are the folks who for decades now have been willing to give up everything but their comfort. As long as they could hang onto their incomes, their material possessions, their comfortable life-styles, their financial security, they were happy to throw away their freedom, their honor, and the future of their people.
It has been said that people willing to give up freedom in return for the promise of more security deserve neither — and ultimately will have neither. I believe that to be true, and I also believe that it will be good for middle-class White America to have the truth of that statement rubbed in their faces sooner rather than later: sooner, while it still is possible for them to find whatever is left of their manhood and revolt, rather than later, when revolt is no longer feasible.
Of course, I’m not the only one who has thought about that. The people who are destroying America — the people whose ultimate aim is to destroy us — have been concerned that even soft, spoiled, unmanly White Americans might react violently if their comfort is threatened. And they have been preparing for that possibility for a long time. They want to be sure that if there ever is a revolt it won’t be able to go very far. And the way to assure that is to guarantee that the nation’s military and police forces won’t join in on the side of the Whites. The same motive is behind their drive to abolish the Second Amendment, of course, but they are much more concerned about keeping America’s armed forces out of it.
A much bigger nightmare for them than a few thousand citizens armed with hunting rifles roaming the streets and shooting individual Jews is a helicopter gun ship showing up over Manhattan and taking out the CBS building — or one of the U.S. Navy’s missile cruisers in the eastern Mediterranean sending a few hundred cruise missiles with nuclear warheads toward Tel Aviv, Haifa, and Jerusalem and converting the whole rat’s nest into a huge, self-illuminated, glass parking lot.
As I said, they’ve been worried about that sort of thing for a long time, and they’ve been working hard for decades to guarantee that America’s armed forces never will be used on behalf of White America. They’ve already gotten the percentage of Whites in the U.S. Army down to 59 per cent, and 15 per cent of those are women — which means that only 50 per cent of the Army now consists of White males. They’re doing everything they can to push that percentage even lower, by offering all sorts of incentives to non-Whites to join the
armed forces. Not only do you not have to be a citizen to be in the U.S. Army these days, they’re even advertising in Spanish for illegal aliens to join die Army. Mr. Clinton’s director of the Selective Service System, Gil Coronado, advises his fellow Hispan-ics in Spanish-language recruiting ads that he is in no way concerned with the immigration status of enlistees.
Although America’s internal enemies are having great success at darkening the complexion of the enlisted ranks of ail of our armed forces, they are making a big fuss now about the relative Whiteness of military officers and the members of the elite combat units: Army Special Forces and Rangers, Navy SEALs, and Air Force Special Operations Command. A lengthy report in the San Diego Union-Tribune last month complained that only 1.3 per cent of the Navy’s SEALs ate Blacks, for example. In the Army only 4.5 per cent of the Special Forces and Rangers personnel are Blacks. That’s really shameful, isn’t it? It sounds racist to me.
But don’t worry: they’re working hard to fix that little problem. Training standards are coming down, minority recruitment efforts are going up, and the campaign to root racists — White racists, that is — out of the armed forces is intensifying. In another ten years there won’t be a military unit left in America that is likely to turn against our internal enemies or to take the White side in a race war. What the Jews and their allies are guaranteeing is that when the war does come, it will be long, very bloody, and extremely destructive, instead of short and sharp.
One question many people have is, why do they do it? Jews are clever and generally successful; so why do they insist on boring holes in the hull of the boat in which they also are passengers? Why can’t they simply enjoy the fruits of their own labors and let other people enjoy theirs? Why do they always engage in activities that result in hatred against them? Why do they try to wreck every Gentile society in which they live as a minority? Why don’t they control their own worst elements and avoid the stigma of White slavery and child pornography? Isn’t there enough money for them without getting into filthy businesses like that7 Why do they always promote destructive ideologies such as Marxism and
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • V/V
24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 2000
15
For root* infarmxtkm please your local Army Careers Office:
W02 Cary Hind,
3 Lord Street,
Oldham OL1 3HP
TMapborte: 0181 627 3233
W02 Dave Jcnee, Petersfieid House,
29>31 Peter Street, Manchester M2 $6J Teteptione: 0161 632 5789
W02 Fverton Wiliams,
20 Croat Moor Street,
Bolton
BL1 1NP
Telephone: 01204 364 lit
SOT. Ixrt Srmokbdoe,
3 Onuvi Street,
Rochdeia OL16 1DY Tetephwre 01706 710633
The British Army is not too far behind the U.S. Army
feminism and egalitarianism and push destructive programs such as affirmative action and multicultural-ism? Why do they monopolize the news and entertainment media and try to control the attitudes and opinions of the non-Jewish majority? Why do they promote racial mixing, miscegenation, gun control, and open borders? Why can’t they just try to live among us in peace instead of always trying to control and destroy?
Well, you know, I can’t give a complete answer to that question on this half-hour program, but I have answered parts of it on earlier programs. Part of the answer is that the Jews do what they do because that is their nature. We ought to understand that when we look at their history and observe the consistency of their behavior over thousands of years. They do what they do today because that’s what they’ve always done. The pattern is inborn.
And part of the answer is that they exploit us and try to destroy us because we’re such easy victims. There is not a more gullible race on the planet than we. We’re too easily tricked, too easily deceived, too easily lied to. And there is hardly a more individualistic, disunited race than we, hardly a race less able to combine against a common enemy than we. We’re easy picking.
I said we’re gullible. Look at the game the Jews are playing with us in Palestine right now. It’s the same game they’ve been playing with us for more than 50 years. How many times have you heard the same, old baloney about the so-called “peace process” in the Middle East7 Isn’t that phrase getting a little shopworn: the “peace process”? The Jews don’t want peace; they want more of our money, more of our military equipment, more Arab land, and our backing in their next war against their neighbors. That’s what they want, and the “peace process” is just a trick phrase to keep us from understanding the truth of the situation.
You know, there are about 5 million Jews in occupied Palestine. That’s about a million Jewish families, and each of those families has been getting two or three thousand dollars every year from us by pretending that they’re all hot to get the “peace process” going, if we would just help them pay for it — again. And we keep
giving them money, year after year after year, and they keep murdering Palestinian children because that’s what they like to do. And then their toad-like little prime minister, who used to be a professional assassin before he became prime minister, announces that unless the Palestinians, whose children the Jews are murdering, stop the violence — got that? — unless the Palestinians stop the violence — he’ll start another war. And both George Bush and A1 Gore pledge their unconditional support for him. Wonderful!
I mean, when you’ve got a Middle Easterner’s way of looking at things, when you’ve got a Levantine view of the world, a sideshow barker’s view of the world, and you’ve got a bunch of rubes like us at your disposal, why shouldn’t you exploit us to death? Bleed us! Take everything we’ve got! Then destroy us before we figure out what happened and ask for our money back. Get rid of us. Destroy our society so that you can build one mote to your own Middle Eastern tastes.
Of course, it doesn’t have to be this way. Whenever enough of us decide that our honor and our freedom and the freedom of our grandchildren are more important than our comfort and whether or not the liberals and the Jews call us names, we can change things. We can clean up America. We can toss out those who have been deceiving us and exploiting
us. If anyone demands reparations from us, we can shut him up and send him back where he came from. And if we ever catch anyone in the White slave or child-porn business, we can string him up on the spot without worrying about being called “anti-Semites.” We can have honest news media and White entertainment media.
Really, it’s not impossible to have a clean, decent, White society in America again. But it depends on us. It depends on our values, on whether we prefer comfort or freedom. If too many of us remain too afraid of being called “anti-Semites,” too afraid of losing our jobs, for standing up for what we believe, then little Russian girls will continue to be raped to death for the amusement of rich American perverts, our armed forces will continue to become darker and less American, and we’ll continue to be easy pickings for the rest of the world.
Personally, I don’t want that. Personally, I prefer freedom. If you also prefer freedom, then you should be working with me to help other Americans make the right choice.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Why Do They Do It?,” aired on October 14, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.