Part of Krakow’s “Old Wall”
Poland s ancient capital was spared much of the destruction that befell many of Europe’s cities during the fratricidal World War II. As a result, there are many historic buildings and other structures, such as this 700 year old wall, that can be found there.
“Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write”. - John Adams, 1765
Serial, Mass Liars and Killers
Lewis Doherty, Editor
Polls indicate many Americans have come to the realization “something” is wrong in regard to the war in Iraq. However, the why for the war will be obscured in the media’s next “spin cycle.” It is our job not only to make sure people realize something is wrong, but understand the reason why the I war occurred so they might more fully understand the source of the problems we face, be more able to protect themselves, and maybe join our efforts. Obviously the media and politicians will fool most of the people most of the time. Our job is to make sure the thinking part of the population realizes what has been pulled on them by the serial mass liars.
As Shaun Walker pointed out in his 9 July 05 American Dissident Voices:
In a poll released at the end of June, conducted by the ABC News/Washington Post, 57% of Americans said they believed the Bush administration, to quote the poll verbatim: “intentionally exaggerated its evidence that pre-war Iraq possessed nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons. ”
Unfortunately, the neo-con instigators will not be identified as Jews by the media or by approved opposition talking heads. Their Zionist agenda, which was the reason for the war, will not be exposed by the media dominated by other fellow tribe members. While some of the members of the looney left demand impeachment of the President after the revelations of the Downing Street Memos, nothing will happen anymore than action has been taken to enforce and tighten up immigration laws even though over 80% of the American public want it. Since Bush is doing the Zionist's work, he won't be touched. An impeachment would require the steady drumbeat of the Jewish dominated media and Congress in hands of a party hostile to the President. These two requirements won't occur. Those that complain about the lies which steered us into war will talk about Bush's desire to push “an imperial democracy" across the Middle East; his desire to end Saddam's feign, which his father was unable to do; a desire for Hahburton to have a profitable war; and the search to control oil.
When the ament lies wear out as they are now, the media will parade approved opponents of the war in hunt of the cameras and quote them in articles. The opponents will complain about the fraud, but not the real reasons behind the fraud None of them will talk gbotit the 1996 policy paper ~A Clean Break: A Strategy for Securing the Realm."prepa
Free Speech
ik: A New d by the neo-
cons Richard Perle and Douglas Fcith, discussed by Shaun Walker in the above mentioned ADV. It explains the rationale behind taking out Iraq to protect Israel written by the people who set the American agenda.
Imagine if there was a policy paper by Haliburton and the oil companies by people who now hold posts with the Bush administration or who are closely tied to it that stated Iraq needed to be sized to assure the health of the company and the industry. All hell would break loose. If flyers were circulated pointing this out, they would never be denounced as “antioil.” The issues raised by the flyers would be discussed in much of the media. However, when our Bring Our Troops Home and Put Them on the Mexican Border’TYellow Ribbon Campaign flyers are distributed, they are denounced as “anti-Semitic. Fortunately, many thinking people see our flyers and note the discrepancy in what the media says and what is contained in the flyers. Realizing the severe bias of the media and the selective reporting of information is an even more important lesson for the public to learn than just this
particular war is a mistake.
And all one needs to do is distribute the flyers to raise the issues and bring people to our Web sites. The research and Web site construction are already done. All that is left is outreach and that takes you.
cb
Subscribe to The Truth at Last
Published for over 45 years.
Editor: Dr. E.R. Fields
mailed in a plain, brown.
(This newspaper sealed envelope)
is
For NEW Subscribers Only:
(1)	New booklet: “A Short History of the Jews"
(2)	Two different back issues of The Truth at /
mine of information.	*-<*« - a
The Truth at Last P.O. Box 1211 - Marietta. Georgia 30081 Check Desired Rate:
1 year subscription $18 6 month subscription $10~~
4 month trial subscription $6
(Prices for delivery in U.sT~
Name __________
Street
City	SI.	....................—
$iai£	~
-	zip	Code
July 2004
Publisher Shaun Walker
Editor Lewis Doherty
Senior Writer Jim Ring
Writer Kevin Strom
National Alliance Webmistress Evelyn Hill
Patrick Martin Distribution
Contents:
Serial, Mass Liars & Killers by Lewis Doherty................2
Bring Our Troops Home & Put
Them on the Border
by Shaun Walker.................4
A White Future Is Coming: an Interview with Bob Whitaker by Kevin Alfred Strom..............5
The Bums Are White Again by Kevin Alfred Strom...........8
Tulsa Race War by Jim Ring.....11
Northern Tradition, White Rebellion: an Interview with Paul Fromm (Part 1) by Kevin Alfred Strom.........................13
Northern Tradition, White Rebellion: an Interview with Paul Fromm (Part 2) by Kevin Alfred Strom.........................17
Out of the Darkness by William Pierce........................21
Free Speech RO. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946 www.natall.com
Letters to the editor, articles, comments and other submissions can be sent electronically (preferred method) in e-mail bodies but not as attachments to freespeech@natvan.com or mailed to the above address. Submissions used by Free Speech become the property of National Vanguard Books.
Free Speech is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4. Ten copies (of the same issue) $10. Basic subscription $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, those who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Please make checks payable to National Vanguard Books.
Copyright 2005 the National Alliance. All rights reserved. Any use in whole or in part without the express written permission of the National Alliance is forbidden.
Resistance Records
Those who purchase Resistance Records products are not merely consumers of a product, and Resistance is not merely a distributor of a product. Resistance Records, its bands, and its supporters are fighting a war to awaken the survival instincts in a dying people.
We are asking you to do your part. Many of you subscribe to Resistance magazine, but many do not. For only $20, you get four issues of the best music magazine in the world. Subscribe and share your magazines with relatives and co-workers. Give it to some poor, little wigger in your neighborhood; you may be saving his life.
Any issue from #9 up is available for $2.50 apiece if you buy 10 or more copies (mixed issues allowed). Join with a friend or two and commit to buying ten or more issues a month. Can you imagine the impact of a steady stream of Resistance magazines circulating among the kids in your neighborhood? If you have not subscribed, please do. Buy in bulk and distribute them to local kids or get your local music stores to carry it. Resistance is operated by members of the National Alliance (www.natall.com), so all your money is going to help spread our message to people of European descent everywhere. Together we can help make the difference necessary for the survival of our race. Thank you for your support.
P.O. BOX 67 - HILLSBORO, WV - 24946-USA _www.resistance.com
July 2004
3
Free Speech
T
Our Troops Home and Put Them on the Mexican Born
by Shaun Walkery Chairman
With the war m Iraq continuing along with no let up in sight, the Bush regime is now looking seriously at attacking Iran. What we all need to ask ourselves is*. “How will this help White people?" \f there is nothing to be gained for White people, then it needs to be avoided.
This stands true for every social and political choice we face today and forever.
But, with the lews so firmly in power in America and elsewhere, the question remains: “Is this what the lews want?”
Sadly, the future wars against Iran and Syria are exactly what the lews want. So, how docs this effect White people?
Today, \ bought gas for $2.39 a gallon, for 87 octane unleaded. This was the cheapest gas in my area. I have paid half that for a gallon of gas within the last two years., If you look at the amount of I gas being consumed on a monthly basis worldwide, there is no real change in volume over the past two years. If you look at the coat per gallon in oil, we are now at record highs This, of course, doesn't factor in to the Capitalist theories by Adam South in regards to Supply and Demand, unless chic weigh* in the near monopoly of oil in the world by OPEC (which needs to he outlawed!.
The war in Iraq and the gas I prices we are now paying are absolutely tied to together. Iraq with the third largest known reserves for oil, after Saudi Arabia and ftuisae, could have broken the back of OKC The 13 years of economic iaota-tion that was imposed on Iraq had no ben-cfh to Whne people Iraq waa more than willing to sen ou at a much lower price (hadPfC The Medan member nations ofOKC are so corrupt and «hor»-«ghied that they went along with the wishes of the tews in regards to Iraq's isolation How the US (lews snd assorted Zwros lackeys) control* Kuwait, Afghan******! and Iraq and wilt sum mother wa* nm*fx awasUnl ** 1 r" m cracicri
bidding of America and Israel and suppress the populations just as the bloodthirsty Shah of Iran did for so many years. These same “democratic” puppet governments will keep the price of oil at whatever level is desired by the world economic elite. And, the world economic elite have a lot of money that they invest.
These economic elite don’t work for their money; they simply reap the harvest of dividends from stock, bonds, and currency speculation. They don’t want a mere 2-4% return when they can have a 10% or better return. And as long as the world petroleum corporations have stock that continue to have such lucrative returns, then this is simply regarded as a good place to invest. The oil companies keep reporting record breaking profits quarter after quarter in the billions of dollars, and the consumer keeps paying higher and higher prices. All the while the Middle East wars are only scheduled to expand soon.
Now, why do we elect politicians if not to safeguard our way of life? What hurts White people more: Iraq being independent and selling oil for cheaper prices than OPEC, or Iraq being added to the Jew’s list of countries they control and a massive increase in the cost of gas? On the bright side about half of Americans now want our troops returned home and the sight of yellow ribbons and American flags have dropped of dramatically from the 2001 peak. This shows that the American public is burned out with the latest demands from the Jews. This “bum out” effect has severely affected the US military.
With over 1,800 US military personnel dead and over 14,000 wounded (approximately 80% of them White), this latest Jew-inspired crusade in the Middle East has caused the recruitment levels in the US Army and Marine Corps to drop off to less than replacement levels. This has lead to the 2005 Stop Loss order being
■The Ido the
signed by America's dumbest president. This has occurred even while many powerful figures in Washington are trying to reinstate the draft. This coupled with the very low moral of the US military and the record amount of activated reserve troops is making desperately needed recruitment goals impossible. Over the past two years the amount of days that the reserve troops have spent on active duty is an average of 2,000% of what it was during the Cold Wav days during 1975-1991. By comparison. the Vietnam War left some 57.000 US dead and as much as two million Vietnamese dead. Ho Chi Mmh knew lhal all be had to do was not quit and America eventually would. The resist-
er
ance fighters in Iraq know this too . who is winning in Iraq? ^ h
One other factor that the mafe
is suppressing is the reactivation orS being sent to prior military that hZ their “Inactive Ready Reserve S obligation and have been honorably discharged. Some of these orders have been issued to people that ended their active duty eight years ago and their IRR tw0 years ago. There is no legal precedence for this. The government cannot draft or call up honorable discharged personnel. These people receiving these orders have no legal obligation to serve and approximately one out of three are refusing these illegal orders. We even have National Alliance members receiving these orders. This desperate act by the Bush regime is simply a silent draft. This is not a conspiracy theory. I have personally seen two copies of these types of orders and a Unit Coordinator in the Alliance has taken the orders he received, along with his honorable discharge to his local military recruiter. The recruiters know this is a silent draft and have stated so, but arc under orders to try to convince the recipients of these orders that they are va i an should be obeyed. Isn’t democracy per
feet? And the gas prices just keep gomg up. And, to just add to the irony, with the VA hospitals filling up with thousands o young men and women who have lost
young men aiiu wumui	” ,
limbs. President George W. Bush closed
seven VA hospitals.
So, what can we do to help out
with this current situation? Speak up and speak loudly. You don’t need to worry about some Bush lackey that still supports this idiotic war; they are getting fewer by the day. We have to help generate an antiwar climate in America. We have to make this war more than just “politely” unpopular; we need to make this war into the issue that brought down the “Jewish Neo-Con Kabbalah” that now control the White House. Every effort that can be made that goes against the existing and future wars are good and need to be expanded Every negative side-effect of Jewish Rule, such as $2.39 per gallon eas needs to he openly and loudly expressed.’
.	. .The National Allianz _______
vt •	•- J
H25-s- wiF
1 nc National
twun.
today is ________ ^
Alliance has tSdthesetwi er in our new slogan »*rJ?JSSUCs *°geth-Home and Put	on	8.	0uf	Tro«PS
jfePfef-T	spread	this*!^	^*Cx*can
next billboard.	*	nou,<*	be on our
cfc
•*u*y 2004
Free Speech
4
A White Future Is Coming:
An Interview with Bob Whitaker
Bob Whitaker at the podium telling it like it is.
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of July 3, 2004
Today we’re proud to welcome to the American Dissident Voices microphones Mr. Bob Whitaker, a distinguished author, journalist, and wit, whose writings regularly appear in National Vanguard print magazine. His latest book is Why Johnny Can’t Think, and it’s available from Bob’s own Web site, Whitakeronline.org. Recently, Mr. Whitaker shared the podium with me at David Duke’s European American Conference in New Orleans. Welcome to the program, Bob.
Bob Whitaker: Thank you, sir.
KAS: When we introduced you for the first time to our readers in National Vanguard, we gave a capsule biography of you as follows:
“Mr. Whitaker was bom and raised in South Carolina, and attended the University of South Carolina and the University of Virginia Graduate School. He has been a college professor, an international aviation negotiator, a Capitol Hill senior staffer, a Reagan Administration appointee, and a writer for the Voice of America.”
So you’re a Reagan administration appointee — what’s the story behind that?
BW: I was Special Assistant to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, in charge of security clearances, staffing, and that sort of thing.
KAS: Why is someone with such excellent establishment credentials
defending the White race, as you do in your work, without apology or regret? Isn’t that something that simply “isn’t done” these days by anyone who wants to retain his position in private or public life?
BW: Well, I did it. And they cleared me at the highest possible levels, so if you do it right, you can do it. And I’m good at it.
KAS: What is it in your background that has caused you to stick to that position, to remain true?
BW: Well, I’m a wildly overeducated redneck from Pontiac, South Carolina. I’m loyal to my own people. That’s the way I was raised. And that’s the way I am. And I’ve always said I’ll always protect my race, and the South, and the things that I come from. That’s sort of basic.
KAS: What do you say to someone who asks you ‘Why should we protect our race?’
BW: The present policy is massive immigration of the Third World into White countries — all White countries. And only White countries. That’s called genocide.
KAS: I notice you were a college professor, Bob. May I ask what was your field of expertise; what were you teaching?
BW: Economics. Two of my professors in graduate school went on to win Nobel prizes.
KAS: Very good. Even as a former college professor, your most recent book, Why Johnny Can’t Think, is very critical of the academic establishment. What made you decide to criticize your own former colleagues?
BW: Well, I did that from the word go. I was critical when I was there.
To start with, when I was sixteen I entered college, and by then I’d already read medical history. And I read about the great medical doctors who bled George Washington to death, based on a crazy theory. All social science is primitive, and all primitive fields do stupid things. Social scientists will admit their field is primitive. What they don’t admit is that the recommendations of doctors of philosophy or doctors of medicine, at the early stages, are always absurd. So what we have is a set of disasters that social science professors have pushed — like ‘criminals are basically nice guys’ — and all of these liberal policies have been ter-
rible failures and all of them came from social science departments.
Through the years professors have taught these people leftism, which boils down to the simple idea that professors should rule the world. This is rather simple, but if you will go over liberal ideas they boil down to all this criticism of businessmen and military men and all that, leaving the idea that the “intellectuals” (meaning people like the professors) should rule the world.
Academia is a totally inbred group of people. All a professor does for a living is sign a piece of paper that says you took a course. Everything else a professor does is pleasing other professors. A professor gets his PhD by pleasing professors. He gets his job by pleasing professors. He gets published by pleasing professors. And he gets tenure by a vote of the faculty. So essentially what you have here is a totally inbred group of people. And when you have that in any bureaucracy they just go nuts.
KAS: Is it from the ‘professor class’ that we get the ideas that the survival of the European race is somehow ‘evil’; and that strangely illogical corollary that ‘race does not exist’?
BW: Yes. I go into that in some detail in the book. If you talk about nurture and nature -- nurture is social science: sociology, psychology, education. All these things constitute nurture. And so the professors teach that there’s no such thing as nature, as heredity. Now these days, since we’ve made so many advances in genetics, they can’t actually say, as they did when I was young, that there’s simply no such thing as heredity. But they now say, ‘Well, there is heredity,’ but you will never hear one single word about heredity in any social science classroom in this country. First they’ll say there is heredity and environment, then they’ll completely ignore heredity.
KAS: Our college students, then, are being miseducated. What would your advice be to parents of a young man or young woman who’s about to go into college?
BW: Read the book. It was written over a period of two years specifically to prepare home schoolers, private schoolers, and anybody else — and their parents — to laugh at professors. The strategy is laughter. If you ever watch a liberal on TV, he might make a statement like ‘criminals are basically nice people,’
July 2004
5
Free Speech
and the conservative sits there stonefaced and says something like ‘You know, you’re a wonderful person but I think you might be mistaken.’ But what the liberal is saying is something ridiculous.
KAS: What does Bob Whitaker
say?
BW: I laugh at them. I make fun of them. My book is short, and it is funny.
It’s my third book under my own name —
I've done a lot of ghosting. And the purpose of the book is precisely what you said: to prepare someone to lead the laughter in the dormitory about how stupid the professors are and how silly what they're saying is.
KAS: It sounds like it could be revolutionary if enough people read it.
BW: It would be if I could get it to private schoolers and home schoolers. And there’s another huge constituency. I have them all around me; 1 talk to them all the time. There are tens of millions of young people who are trying to pay off their college debts. They know that they wasted four years jumping through a useless hoop called college education. They arc now burdened with having to pay money — not to build anything up, to buy a house, or to raise their family — but to pay the professors that the government required them to spend time with. They arc ticked off. And we could reach them.
KAS: Can listeners get a copy of the book, as I’ve suggested, from H hitmkerOnline.org'?
BW: lt*» coming out in mass production. If you want to get 100 copies, you can get them for $200 including shipping at first — we’ve trying to get the thing out. My last book was for St. Martin’s Press, which is the third biggest publisher in the world. It was used as a textbook in private schools. And this hook, if it became a textbook in private schools, could destroy the liberal professorship. Now I am not calling for discus-aton — I’m calling for revolution here. I think ***** these people should be fired.
What wc have here in Political Correctness is a religion. When religious leaders sil down with the government and try to get money for private schools or ttbpom schools, you start off with the idea dial the present uni versifies are not mtfcigifftltpw hot the religious leaders ns. But the fact is Political Cusuctnris is a religion — I don’t my it’s like a religion Whet we have is-m religion beam unifiht n public universities at pub-lie expense, exactly as if the public
»cboob were leaching lOam* reheion
KAS: So how can people take ijtgaage of dus buft offer you mentioned?
BW:	The
ReadHob.iom
KAS: That’s different from your main Web site, then.
BW: For orders, the best one is ReadBob.com. I have a great little team of volunteers, brilliant young people, who are handling it for me. I also have a brilliant young Webmaster, all of whom are doing the work free.
What happened originally was, since I had already published so many books, as I say two of them under my own name, a publisher accepted the book. A month later they contacted me and said that not only were they backing out of the contract, they were destroying all correspondence relating to it.
KAS: What do you think the reason was for that?
BW: Because it laughs at all the wrong people, including the people who control textbook buying. It attacks liberals, leftists, conservatives — ‘respectable’ conservatives, neoconservatives... all the groups that buy books.
KAS: You’re not a ‘respectable’ conservative, are you, Bob?
BW: Well, a ‘respectable’ conservative is the kind of nitwit that we have speaking on the media. In order to become a ‘respectable’ conservative, you have to get that word ‘respectable’ from the liberals.
KAS: They’re the conferrers of ‘respectability’?
BW: Yes. The minute someone steps out of line, he is denounced as a ‘racist,’ a ‘nut,’ or whatever. If he laughs at a liberal, he no longer is invited back. Joe Sobran did the foreword for Why Johnny Can't Think:	America's
Professor Priesthood. And Joe Sobran said that anyone who gives leftists the horselaugh they deserve does not get invited back. That’s the way you become ‘respectable* conservative: You don’t
Wdb site
is
hit them where it hurts. Because they’ll get you if you do.
KAS: Bob, both you and I are veterans of political debate wars on the Internet. One of the most memorable ideas I’ve ever come across online was your explanation of the multiracialist position on the “race problem.” And that explanation of yours succeeded in silencing some of the nastiest critics and most malevolent adversaries I’ve ever seen in my life. Basically you said that the multiracial ists call it the “race problem” — bit what they really mean is something else. Can you expand on that for us?
BW: They use the words the race problem but this race problem only exists in White countries. The “race problem” docs not exist in Asia. The “race problem” docs not exist in Africa. The *t«ce problem" » ■ code word for the While problem
And when 1*1
respectable’ conservatives '? «N
My ftat the solution to H ■ ( lem is miscegenation. They
race
don’t
Prob.
miscegenation in Uganda We aii l1 they’re talking about the sohtiZ B “White problem.”	^
BW: That’s called genocide And that’s all that there is to it. if. straight genocide. And that is in the book too, in some detail.
KAS: Thank you for your courage. After telling me that that’s in the book in some detail, I’m not surprised that it was rejected.
You recently wrote on the Internet that you attended a family reunion, and you noticed that some of the same things happening in the family and in the conservative Bible Belt South in general are also happening in conservative political groups. Specifically you said - and it’s something I’ve noticed, too - that the anti-White left could not get too far in the Old South, but that anti-White pro-racemixing preachers are everywhere in that part of the coimtry. And they can make inroads there. They can use the cachet of the ‘old time religion’ to promote that genocide you were
talking about.	...
BW: That’s the same thing.
They want to be pronounced ‘respectable.’ So, like Senator McCain, the way that they get that admiration - or at least toleration — from the liberals is by getting their brownie points by pushing Third World adoptions. The left, and the right (everybody has to agree on this), say the White race has to go. That’s rule one. That’s called ‘anti-racism.’
I was up in Hendersonville, North Carolina. This is an area that’s very hard for the multiracialists to penetrate. It’s all White, and it more or less stays all White. So the “Christians” have set up a headquarters there in Hendersonville, and a lot of other places — I’ve seen Pat Robertson pushing it on his program — to get these Third World children into White families. And this is an area where the liberals can’t penetrate.
KAS: But the multiracialist preachers certainly can.
.	BW: That gets them some
,ibcrals- Tha‘
With wh^controls “the'’'“ " nmiirnm .i«?„ Z*25	prime	time
program slots on television BW: No way - they're like sharks.
And I'll te||
rile
you -
conservatives are very Dm»^nJSpcclab,e‘
7 Protective of the
sir
J“ly 2004
Free Speech
6
‘respectability.’ And if the liberals point out somebody and say ‘That guy is not respectable,’ the people who will lead the lynch mob will be the ‘respectable’ conservatives.
KAS: In some of your columns, you’ve talked about the new private space exploration initiatives, and you said that only the government can now stop space exploration. What did you mean by that?
BW: If there’s gold out there in space, a lot of people are going to start doing it. But the big companies would like to have it for themselves. And what they will do — and this is why so many big companies are liberal -- is start screaming that ‘this is dangerous for the astronaut,’ we need to apply lots and lots of rules. Then they’ll start talking about spacecraft coming back down and endangering people. And eventually, if you get enough rules, only a large corporation can handle it. Only a large corporation has the lawyers to handle it.
KAS: That’s right. The big chemical companies love the EPA because it keeps the small guys out.
BW: Exactly. And they all love ‘Affirmative Action’ rules -- the more complicated, the better.
KAS: Indeed. If we do colonize other worlds, if this is unstoppable, are we going to be stupid enough to bring multiracialism and all the problems it entails with us to the stars? Personally, I think any society stupid enough to do such a thing isn’t going to make it to the stars anyway.
BW: Carleton Coon, a leading anthropologist, testified when they were talking about colonizing space. He said “Don’t send a Cyprus into space.” On Cyprus, the Turks and the Greeks had been killing each other for a long time. And he said “Don’t send a Cyprus into space.” And that’s more or less the same idea.
I have a view of the future where I think this would fit in. There are going to be a bunch of countries where the liberals and the conservatives are going to go the way of the Whig party --because, in a country split into huge ethnic groups as we’re going to become, there really is no room for non-racial politics. There’ll be spokesmen for the Mexicans — “Hispanics.” There’ll be spokesmen for the Orientals. There’ll be spokesmen for Blacks. And there’ll be spokesmen for Whites. Now that way, I think we’ll stand a much better chance of surviving, oddly enough, because a self-conscious White minority, like any minority in the world, will have to start thinking in its own terms. We can talk about how we want our own space environments, too. In this way we can start
negotiating. Non-racial politics is gone. It’s just a matter of time.
KAS: The ‘respectable’ conservatives are denouncing racial politics as ‘identity politics’ all the time, though...
BW: Sure. The Whig party denounced politics on slavery. It had a president in the White House in 1853 and in 1856 it didn’t exist. Things are changing. That’s one reason why the conservatives and liberals are so terrified of what they have created here. Whites are going to have to think of themselves as Whites.
Right now the Hispanics and the Blacks are essentially Tontos to the liberal Lone Ranger — faithful colored companions. They’re getting a little restive about that. As their power grows, they’re going to want their own spokesmen. And the liberals are simply not going to be there anymore. And if the liberals aren’t there, their sort of shadow, the conservatives, won’t be there either.
KAS: You’ve also written at length about those who are trying, through religion or so-called humanist ethics, to stop cloning and human genetic engineering. Can those technologies be stopped?
BW: They shouldn’t be. I’m a Christian, and I believe in ‘do unto others as you would have them do unto you.’ If I were given a choice of being created in a lab and then destroyed without me ever knowing it, and it stood a millionth of chance of helping somebody in a wheelchair, I’d pay for the opportunity.
And secondly, we’re going to have a modular man by the middle of this century. In other words, it will be a lot easier to replace any part of your body than it will be to repair it. Just like most machines. And if these bioethicists, as they call themselves at Harvard University, or if these sociologists, or if these shrieking preachers are talking about ‘crossing the line’ in remaking humans and so forth, the fact is that line is going to be walked all over within 30 years. All they can do is slow it down. When Jenner came up with vaccination in the late 1700s, every pulpit in Britain just rung with denunciations of it. They were talking about ‘the body is the temple of the soul,’ ‘you can’t put a bunch of cow disease into human beings, they’re holy’ and all that stuff. And of course thousands of people ended up crippled or disfigured for life because they listened to those preachers.
KAS: Do you think these technologies hold out any hope for eugenics, the scientific improvement of the race?
BW: I think children will be a matter of design. Take Indians, for example. They had an advertisement I heard about in an Indian paper, where this girl was Whitening herself so she could marry
a Dutch guy. That was an advertisement, a commercial. The Indians descend from the Aryans, the Aryans themselves. And a lot of them will want children who are Aryans -- real ones. I can see advertisements: ‘You can have an actual Aryan child.’
KAS: So you can see societies that are part-White now ‘Whitening’ themselves?
BW: Sure.
KAS: What about the European nations and White Americans? Do you see a future for racial improvement?
BW: Once we start thinking of ourselves as a threatened minority, all of the old preconceptions, all of this crap will be gone. Especially when we get rid of this social science priesthood. Universities are liberal seminaries. Once we get rid of those, and once we realize we are threatened and can see it up close, once we realize that we have to bargain for ourselves — I think all of these attitudes are going to change like you wouldn’t believe.
KAS: As America goes down the path of multiracialism and multicul-turalism, then, even as more and more non-Whites are being imported into or being bom into our living space, you still see hope for racially conscious Whites and for White survival.
BW: I think it’s the kick in the butt we need. All these people seem to think that this wonderfully White America was pro-White. Now during my lifetime the worst enemies the White race had were in New England (a White enclave), Minnesota (another White enclave), Sweden, and Europe in general. Places which were White enclaves were anti-White. Those were where the anti-Whites were. Now there are no enclaves any more. And if there are, they’ll be ‘racist’ enclaves.
KAS: Well, I can say you’re certainly right as far as this goes: The Whites that survive what’s coming are going to be the racially conscious Whites. They’ll have to be.
Bob, I want to thank you for turning your considerable talents to the cause of securing a future for our people. And I want to thank you again for being a guest on American Dissident Voices.
BW: I thank you.
Those of you without Internet access can get more information on Why Johnny Can’t Think by writing to:
PO Box 631, Fayetteville, TN 37334 or
See Information on Page 12
cp
July 2004
7
Free Speech
The Bums Are White Again
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of July 10,2004
More and more of our people are becoming impoverished, as the tremendous transfer of wealth from White people to others continues, fueled by greed and an inverted morality which inculcates guilt in the successful and creative. This transfer of wealth, if it is not halted, is going to bring about a tragic crisis for the West. In today’s program, Mr. Strom shows us what a magnificent world we could build for our children by keeping what we earn, and using it to benefit our own families and civilization.
In 1957, Julian Huxley wrote about the dangers the world might face in 2007. He told of a world wracked by environmental destruction, falling standards of living, the despair and desperation of the hopeless, and a decline in the creative spirit that makes all culture and science possible.
He glimpsed the future in racially-mixed India, where he saw the streets teeming with the homeless in such numbers that one had to pick one’s way carefully along the sidewalks at night to step over the sleeping bodies,! wrapped in a few filthy rags and nothing else - hundreds of thousands living their lives, voiding their wastes, and making their hopeless, pathetic yet fecund love right in the open on the pockmarked pavement, sharing it with dirty, starving, roaming cattle.
One evening he saw a policeman directing traffic at a busy intersection as twilight fell. As the darkness deepened, he saw a man and a cow approach the policeman from opposite directions, curt up at his feet and begin to compose themselves for the night, right there, almost touching him, with the officer taking no notice whatever and cootifiutng with his ditties. It was what arts 'normal.* It was what was capected. It is where we’re headed unless something is done.
The poor have always been with us, of course - even in pre-1963, 90-plu* per cent White. America. The bumf were White back then, mainly btrftw* practically everyone in this country arm White back then. We saw
poor Whites in the army of the hungry
that multiplied in the Depression of the 1930s. We saw them in the abused White men, women, and children of the early Industrial Revolution.
But the grinding, hopeless poverty of the Third World masses is something different — many of them are unemployable in any meaningful sense, many more are willing to live at a marginal subsistence level because the only other choice is nonexistence, and probably the plurality of them are willing to accept a slightly-above marginal subsistence level existence because their imaginations soar no higher, because they are bom peons to whom a garbage-culture Burger King/TV/ratty apartment existence is living like royalty compared to what they are used to. And the elite of the Third World — the ones with the brain power who bid fair to take our high-tech jobs — know they are too good for the garbage consumerist existence. And they also have little desire to assimilate and become like the stupid Americans who opened their borders to them and gave them their jobs, their food, their land, and their daughters. The elite of the non-White invasion force taking over America has no desire to be transformed by America -- they desire an America transformed, an America in which they will constitute a part of the economic elite, all the while remaining, like the Jews, loyal primarily to their own kind and their own overseas and increasingly international nations. These elite Third Worlders are, like Jews, happy to see poor Whites left behind in education and in funding for needed public works. They don’t care about elderly Whites. They don’t care about our heritage, our symbols, and our monuments. They don’t care if our children survive and prosper and inherit an America they can be proud of, the America our forefathers built and fought for. They don’t love our art and our literature and our music they way we do — no one could. They might want our youths for a little sexual amusement, they probably welcome White poverty as a way to get cheap workers for the businesses they are building and keeping for themselves and their progeny. These elite Third Worlders arc mostly Muslim and Asian and, with the help of the Jewish elite, they are transforming America and the West. Unless something is done, vectors arc in place
that will make our country and our* i ization into a polyracial, polyglot polycultural nightmare not unhkefodia - with cynical and corrupt elites in their counting houses and hopeless raciallv-mixed slaves-in-all-but name swarming and befouling the streets where Poe and Jefferson and Lee once walked.
And the bums are White again, in greater and greater numbers. But this time they’re not White by default, because practically everyone is White. No, they’re White because huge numbers of Whites have been abandoned by a System that hates them, that hates their very existence. You see them, Vietnam vets and Korea vets, entering their older years with nothing, standing on streetcomers with brown cardboard signs. You see the ones who are too proud to beg working next to young Mexicans at menial jobs, some deserted by a wife and family they can’t support anymore since their jobs were shipped overseas or given to imported non-White labor right here at home, some ravaged by a so-called ‘family court system that tries to destroy White males. The bums are White again mainly because of a huge transfer of wealth from Whites to non-Whites, a transfer that will eventually impoverish us and ‘equalize’ most of us to the economic
level of the Third World.
To understand this transfer ot wealth, it is important to understand what wealth is. What is a dollar? At one time, it represented a certain guaranteed quantity of silver or gold. There was really no such thing as ‘paper money until quite recently. Our currency until recent decades bore the inscription that it could be ‘redeemed in lawful money,’ which clearly shows it was not considered money itself. What we now call paper money was then properly called banknotes or just notes for short. It was a convenient way of carrying promises to pay money. And making it redeemable in precious metal was sud-posed to be a way of limiting its issuance, to keep bankers and bureau-crats honest ~ or at lead M
physical limit on their abilityu^rSOmC money and credit. Of course Kh? Create plenty of ways for ba^^’*C£ WCFC crats to be dishonest with Iff bureau‘ - to issue too much of it and d?^"Cy * to their friends and SDecini**^1^ groups ~ even with « ,nlerest
prec,°us metal
Ju|y 2004
Free Speech
8
backing. And tying money to precious metal allowed owners of precious metals, including some Jewish banking families like the Rothschilds, to manipulate the people’s wealth much like George Soros does today. But it did put some brakes on dishonesty, placed some physical limits on fraud schemes, though very imperfect ones.
Eventually, these limits chafed those in government and banking who wished to control and create currency at their whim for whatever purpose and at whatever time they wished, and the ties to precious metals were removed. This gave a much wider scope for theft of the people’s wealth through inflation and periodic deflation or depressions. But note well that I am not saying, like some conservatives do, that gold and silver are wealth and that our currency should be linked to them.
Given proper controls and honorable men — the latter being an insuperable obstacle under the present System, I’m afraid -- one could have a totally unbacked paper currency that would retain its value and be a store of wealth for generations that would never diminish in value. But even such a perfectly-functioning honest currency would not be wealth. So what is wealth itself? And what do I mean by a transfer of wealth that is leaving White Americans impoverished?
Wealth is a verbal and often numeric expression for the valuable acts and creations of creative, productive people. The crops that the farmer brings in from the field are wealth. The buildings that the architect designs and the stonemason fashions are wealth. The books that the author writes and the publisher and bookbinder get into the hands of readers and libraries are wealth. The libraries themselves are wealth. A brilliantly-conceived computer program is wealth. The silent machinery that keeps you cool in the summer and warm in the winter is wealth. The mass of technology that connects you to the Internet and allows you to exchange any information with anyone you choose is wealth. The paintings in the National Gallery that move and inspire us are wealth. Currency itself is not wealth, any more than a ruler is height. Currency is just an imperfect means of measuring wealth and of exchanging our creations and efforts with others, allowing each of us to specialize in something to our mutual benefit and the promotion of excellence through a division of labor.
And there has been a tremendous transfer of wealth from the uniquely creative and productive White peoples of the Earth to the relatively less creative and productive and sometimes parasitic others. This transfer has partly been the result of greedy men, many of them White, who cared only about short-term profits. But it has even more been a result of the purposeful inculcation of a morality in the White West that made us feel guilty for our superiority and caused us to ‘atone’ for it by giving away our marvelous, never-before-seen creations like modem science and medicine and a thousand other things to those who could never create them for themselves. And this transfer of wealth, if it is not halted, is going to bring about a tragic crisis for the West, a killing not merely of a goose which lays golden economic eggs, but of an entire race which alone has the potential to reach the stars and take Man on the next step toward his conscious evolution.
When our government gives away 20 billion of our dollars to Israel, that really means that Israel can now demand 20 billion dollars’ worth of work and creativity from us, from the productive White workers and business owners. We must work for them or repudiate the dollars. And, since laws prevent us from repudiating the dollars, we must work for them. Part of our wealth goes to them instead of to our own people. It is lost to our families, to our elderly, to investment in American infrastructure, to our future generations.
The same goes for the endless billions of dollars that have gone to build roads and hospitals and dams and factories in Africa. Never mind that many of those roads are buckled with jungle growth after only a few years and that the Africans let the factory gears grind to a halt and the roof has caved in on the hospitals and the abandoned buildings are now occupied by the occasional baboon. Those dollars were used to demand work and effort and part of the lives of White people. That work and that effort could have stayed at home, could have been used to benefit our own people. That’s what wealth is. It’s the good things — and the sometimes great things — that we can do with our lives. If our government or the banking system can give away or switch around the trading stamps called dollars so that you are working for Israel or Egypt or China or Zambia or Mexico, then that is how you spend
your life. That is what you devote your life to. That is who your creativity and talents benefit. Them. Not your own people. And if we spend our lives working for others, we cannot spend those precious, irreplaceable minutes and hours and years working to benefit our own families, our own nation, our own people. That is what wealth transfer really means.
And it’s not just direct aid to foreign countries that steals our wealth -- and therefore our lives — from us. Since the Second World War, huge loans have been made by both private and quasi-public banking institutions to the so-called underdeveloped (read: non-White) nations. Many of these loans are ‘guaranteed’ by the government, which means that if the Third World debtors cannot pay back the loan plus interest, guess who does pay? The bank? Of course not. The government? Not really. You pay; the government just handles the involuntary transaction and takes a cut in the process. Naturally, the banking establishment just loves such essentially risk-free ‘investments,’ with you guaranteeing to make good their losses in the Hialeah-like world of Third World debt instruments.
And the cutthroat world of finance capitalism has discovered a way to unearned billions by marking up the products of Chinese and other Third World slave laborers by several hundred per cent, and vending them in K-mart and Wal-mart and the like to those of you who still have jobs. Despite the fact that the corporate giants who throw White people out of work to employ sweatshop Chinese take a huge rake-off from these transactions, the fact is that our trade deficit with the non-White world is staggering and growing more out of control every day. A trade deficit means that, just as in the case with ‘foreign aid’ and giveaway loan programs, huge numbers of dollars are building up in Asian and other coffers, and they will naturally use those dollars to employ Americans to provide them with goods and services -- and land. The trade deficit just keeps hitting record after record, and in April it reached another one — $48 billion. $48 billion dollars accumulated by foreigners in that month alone. And the System that misrules America has been letting this go on for decades. How much wealth has been transferred away from our people in this manner? — it approaches the incalculable.
Some will argue that the only use for dollars is to buy American goods
July 2004
9
Free Speech
and services so therefore all this trade does is help Americans sell goods that American workers are paid to produce.
But that's a facile and deceptive explanation. All those dollars were in America to begin with. Transferring them to Israel or China or wherever doesn't make them buy any more than they would have otherwise. That’s just paper shuffling that produces nothing. And no matter how you shuffle the paper, services and real physical goods are transferred over there, the lives of our people are being spent in service to the Third World, and they can never get those minutes and years back again.
What’s really happening here is that, in exchange for cheap, ephemeral consumer items — or pretty good tools and autos — all of which we are perfectly capable of making right here in America and the West, Americans now have to honor these dollar claims and work an ever-increasing percentage of their lives providing what these foreign creditors want. And as our workforce darkens and its creativity and productivity drop apace, these foreign creditors will find their dollars are better spent on buying up American land and businesses instead of just buying our products. And do you think a Bush or Kerry regime will do anything to protect Americans as that starts to happen more and more. No, America is for sale and on sale cheap, and almost inconceivable amounts of American wealth arc going to meeting the demands of the Third World instead of building up America, repairing our infrastructure, helping our old folks, ensuring an excellent future for our children. The System and the Jewish media havel made our people so sick that some of us couldn't even define “us” or “our children” anymore and think that adopting Chinese orphans is a “good” use for their precious lives.
And I haven't even touched yet on the multiple billions we lose every year within our borders providing welfare and housing and services for the Black underclass or for the illegal invaders who cross our southern border. That's enough for a program in itself.
And if you think that all of the transfer of wealth can be measured by trade deficits and loan guarantees and foreign aid or even taxes to support non-Whites here at home, you're still missing one of the most important parts of what's happening. One of the ways that the national and international “equalization** schemes of our masters
have been funded is by manipulation of the currency — by inflation, by creating more notes in circulation, making each of them worth a little less. Through this means they have transferred wealth in untold quantities from the productive workers and business owners of America — mostly White men and women -- to whatever favored nation or minority group was likely to boost the politicians’ careers or gain them favor with the Jewish-controlled media. A dollar that your grandmother saved in 1945 is now worth about nine cents. A dollar your mother saved in 1969 is now worth about 18 cents. http://tinyurl.com/285np
Those who saved those funds for their families, for their children, for their declining years have had uncounted billions taken from them, largely to fund the pet projects and protected groups and “equality” schemes of the crooked politicians. Multiply that subtle theft by the hundreds of millions of Americans who saved or bought Savings Bonds or believed in the promises of Social Security or otherwise trusted in the value of the dollar and you can see that the magnitude of this theft dwarfs even our mammoth trade deficit or our foreign aid or welfare giveaway programs. What your grandfather thought would be a decent retirement fund — providing, say, $360 a month in 1945 dollars, would require the equivalent of $4000 a month in today’s dollars. But he gets no adjustment for that inflation. The fund still pays that same $360, which means it buys the same amount $33 a month would have bought in 1945. Where’d the other $3640 per month go? Or, if grandpa receives his retirement pay for 20 years, we could put it this way — where did the extra $873,000 go? The answer is simple. It went to fund the projects of the criminals who have run the financial and political system since 1945, and many of their projects are directly aimed at taking wealth and power away from White people. Of course, one can argue that the “smart money” — the “boys” who knew what the inflation game was all about and adjusted their investments accordingly didn’t get hurt so bad, and some even made a dandy profit But accepting that kind of morality is accepting turning our nation into a giant con game where the “trusting old White duffers” get taken to the cleaners because they believed in America. That's unacceptable to me, and it s unacceptable to the members of the National Alliance.
But,” you may say, “our ft mg standards are still pretty high White People sttll have if good in thfs
try. And there s some truth in what you
^ The creativity and productivity of the White race is immense - particularly since we largely cast off the shackles of superstition and entered the scientific age, which wouldn’t have existed without us and our unique mentality. And that creativity and productivity have been so great that we have been able — by having two jobs, working harder than ever, and accepting a lower quality of life than we could have had -- to keep up appearances while feeding and nurturing a huge slice of the Third World and the parasitic Zionist state to boot. But that situation can’t last forever. As Americans are thrown out of work by the “equalizing” forces of open borders and “free trade,” that bubble will begin to burst. The bums are White again. As inflation accelerates and prices spike, and Americans find out that those trust funds and bonds have a decimal point one or two places off, and as a darkening America can no longer even compete, much less support other nations, big changes are coming. The National Alliance exists for White people to be organized and ready when
those changes come.
Let me leave you with a picture. Imagine that the transfer of wealth away from us and to them had never occurred. Imagine that for every nine cents you have now, you had a dollar. Imagine that all the money wasted on teaching Julio and Leroy to play ball and feeding them enough Big Macs to fill Yankee Stadium 1000 times over had never been spent. Imagine if there had been no foreign aid to Israel and no Gulf War 1 or 2. Imagine that all that wealth had been kept instead by the smart, creative, law-abiding, and truly beautiful people who made Western art and science possible. Imagine if it had been invested instead of given away and wasted. Imagine how those investments could have resulted in new scientific knowledge to cure diseases, colonies new worlds, make our defenses impregnable, and make our elders secure in their old age and our children secure m their future. Imagine how rich we d be - not only in terms of money but in terms of real wealth, in terms of, better life and a wide-op^n S fo our people. That’s the futiir^ National Alliance is going to build. *
ct)
J«iy 2004
Free Speech
10
The Tulsa Race War
by Jim Ring
What images come to your mind when you hear the word “riot”? Most racially conscience White Americans, especially those old enough to have lived through the ‘60s would probably convey their thoughts of Blacks rampaging through a major or minor city -- mostly their own neighborhoods — setting fires to buildings and cars, smashing store windows, looting and shooting at White police officers and fire fighters.
Younger readers will have memories of the more recent riots in Los Angeles, Seattle, and Cincinnati. Here the scene was approximately the same, except now with these latest outbreaks we have vivid memories of White passerby’s or folks stuck in traffic being attacked and severely injured or even killed simply because they were White.
In our memories of race riots over the past decades, we would certainly categorize them as major events. At the time of their occurrences they loomed large and menacing and deadly. We witnessed the subjugation of our cities to savagery. Our crooked politicians prostate themselves before the mob and as a result the people emulate their submissiveness. They’ve already been softened up from the beginning from the public school to Sunday school; then in adulthood from the party platform to the pulpit.
One is hard-pressed to think of a major historical occasion in the past century that Whites had acted differently to the threat of an impending riot. But it did happen so in an amazingly little heard of episode on Memorial Day weekend in 1921 in the booming city of Tulsa, Oklahoma where the worst racial rioting in American history (save the Union Draft Riots of 1863 in New York City) took place. It was more than just a riot. It was literally a small-scale race war.
I discovered this historical episode while reviewing a book, Riot and Remembrance: The Tulsa Race War and its Legacy. The author is a Jew and the book itself an anti-White propaganda piece to extract guilt, shame and, most importantly, money, in the form of reparations from the city’s taxpayers. However, when carefully read by a discerning person of racial consciousness, the following story emerges: It is one of
violence to be sure and at the same time, one of hope. Hope that there is one thing that still resides dormant in our people in these dark times; and that is courage.
To set this event in its proper context one needs to know a few other details. Years previous, some Black militants “had a dream.” They left their homes in the other southern states to establish themselves in an area they thought they could attract massive amounts of fellow Black immigrants, become a majority, and eventually be able to push the existing Whites out and literally capture the new state of Oklahoma for their race. The militants were unable however to encourage the flood of immigrants that they longed for. Although some kindred spirits answered the call; it was not nearly enough. The discovery of oil in the region further complicated their aspirations as it caused the White population to expand greatly in a very short period.
Coming on the heels of “The Red Summer” of 1919 when communist agitators fomented a series of Black rioting across the U.S., Whites in Tulsa were keen to the potential hazards to their lives by militant, Bolshevik Blacks who had rallied there just weeks earlier before Memorial Day 1921 agitating for warfare against the White community.
On a summer evening on May 31, 1921, a large force of nearly 200 armed Blacks entered downtown Tulsa in military fashion and threatened violence against the Sheriff’s Department and anyone else who got in their way, including a growing crowd of White curiosity seekers, if a Black prisoner wasn’t freed from the courthouse jail. The Black in question was originally believed to have accosted a White woman in an elevator in a downtown Tulsa office building. However, whatever the circumstances really were, the woman dropped the charges and he was to be released the morning following per a judge’s order but the Black mob wouldn’t have it. The Blacks, fearing a citizens lynching of the prisoner, demanded the Black to be released immediately to their custody or else. While this was going on, carloads of Blacks were making incursions into White neighborhoods with indiscriminate gunfire.
Many of these Blacks had military experience, thus the martial fashion of their entrance to downtown. Also
because of this experience, the Blacks left rear-guard fighters over each of the city blocks on the route of their march. When battle started, the advance troops at the courthouse expected to have plenty of cover and back-up.
Apparently, a scuffle broke out at the courthouse as a brave unarmed White man tried unsuccessfully to disarm one of the Blacks. During that altercation, the Black fired his weapon. Time stood still for a fleeting second as the shot rang out and then in the words of the Sheriff, “All hell broke loose.” Enraged Whites -- some armed and many not — went berserk on the Black army. Whites took some heavy casualties here as many people were shot and bleeding on the courthouse lawn. But once the Blacks were set upon a route, the Whites pursued the Black army relentlessly, taking them out as they went. A White woman was even seen literally riding shotgun in a car as she leaned out the window to cut down the invading Blacks.
Once back on their home turf, some Blacks thought the action was over with but others prepared for an attack on the ghetto. The latter proved correct. As there was a lull in the fighting, Whites mobilized a citizens army over 5000 strong with everyone armed and plans for an invasion of the ghetto were made for the coming daybreak. The Jewish author attempts to describe Black Tulsa as being a counterpart to the White neighborhoods. However, even in this blatantly pro-Black book, we see evidence displayed of a high crime rate, massive drug abuse, and documentation by health authorities that fully one-quarter of Black Tulsa was infected with venereal diseases.
Although the Whites suffered their next set of heavy casualties at the beginning of the ghetto invasion from well positioned Black snipers, they were able to breech the ghetto boundary and fight fierce pitch gun battles with the snipers. Once again, the Black army was no match for the determined Whites as they repeatedly had to give up their positions and retreat.
Once the Blacks were on the run, the Whites set the areas they controlled ablaze. Eventually the entire Black section of the city was on fire and destroyed while Blacks fled in any manner they could. In the end, well over 1200 buildings had burned to the ground, 6000 Blacks became homeless
July 2004
11
Free Speech
and gathered up in detention centers and 2000 Blacks, probably most of the warriors, fled the city for good. The complete destruction of the ghetto by the Whites - though terrible, especially for innocent Blacks - nonetheless made a certainty that the ghetto would no longer be a safe haven for Black race warriors who wanted to harm White people (not anytime in the foreseeable future). Healthy White folk wouldn’t put up with it.
Unfortunately many Blacks, who were in no way involved nor would have ever supported such an action, had to suffer for the actions of their “brothers.” This was race war and once it got started there was no way to distinguish the “good niggers” from the bad ones. It was Whites against Blacks. It was as simple as that. The color of your skin became your uniform.
The violence which started in the early evening and ended by the next mid-morning tallied over 300 Blacks killed in the fighting according to their side. If this number were confirmable, then it indeed would be the greatest loss of life in a race riot in American history. By contrast, the Union Draft Riots of 1863 claimed 105 dead. However, official counts numbered the Black dead from as little as 35 to as high as 75. Blacks have countered that these low figures were because Whites had burned Black corpses en masse and buried them in mass graves. However, despite massive investigation to discover these mass graves, no evidence has ever surfaced. It appears the number of Black dead was over inflated.
Another claim of the Blacks is that Whites used 8 to 12 private aircraft to bomb the black city with dynamite and incendiary devices. These claims are not founded either but have become a part of Black Tulsa’s mythos. The only part of the airplane story we know to be fact is that planes were enlisted to help survey damage and help firefighters in locating fires.
As the reader may have already noticed, the claims sound like the very familiar standard fare of a Holocaust story. The Tulsa Jewish community has been instrumental in helping the Black mythos along. The state of a lot of what’s t6uted as “Black History” are collections of varied verbal folklore. The lore among Tulsa Blacks today is that the battle of Tulsa would have been eventually won had it not been for the fire-bombing aircraft. From the facts that are definitely established the Blacks simply didn’t have a chance
once the entire White community came to a state of enragement.
In contrast, the White loss of life in this battle ranged from 9-24 deaths. Surely, there were scores or hundreds of injuries, major and small on both sides. As' mentioned earlier most of the White casualties happened at two stages of the battle: first, at the onset when many Whites were left fallen and bleeding at the downtown courthouse lawn, and then just before daybreak next morning, when an advance scouting expedition met their deaths in a hail of sniper bullets along with other comrades who had led the charge after this at the perimeter of the ghetto.
I wondered what made the Whites’ goal of the complete destruction of the Black section of Tulsa necessary. It was one thing to drive the Black army out of downtown. But when the invasion of the ghetto commenced and it became apparent how well the Blacks were positioned for the defense of their section; the Whites, instead of rethinking the situation in terms of containment, pressed forward past the dead bodies of their comrades, into a hail of fire. They were berserkers, I thought. After thinking more about it, I remembered the line in the book that mentioned only in passing about the marauding Blacks who had invaded White neighborhoods. The Jew who wrote the book only mentioned this in a single sentence and as if it were an insignificant fact.
To me, however, I realized from this one sentence how significant this was to the entire event. Blacks had actually attacked White neighborhoods by firing weapons. Families and homes were under deadly threat. Mere containment would only provide a temporary and tenuous safety at best. The only answer was the complete destruction of the Black army on their home turf and that meant the destruction of their headquarters and hiding places. That meant the destruction of the entire Black ghetto and that meant Blacks having nothing to do with the trouble would also become victims. But this was war and it was better to risk death to protect the lives of sons, daughters, and wives than it was to worry about risking your family over the effect of war on innocent Blacks.
What a contrast between 1921 and 1971, or ’81 or ’91 or 2001. What a difference World War II made. How it morally disarmed us. That today, we witness the likes of the Rodney King riots and the Cincinnati riots. Events
where Whites piously forgave their attackers, their murderers, and even prostate themselves before the mob of savages like whipped dogs wondering what on earth we could have done to deserve such treatment but, at the same time, knowing whatever it is we certainly deserve it.
That is why I said at the beginning of this article that this violent episode — though terrible as all wars are — still gives one hope that the courage to act decisively to protect your own that lived within people in 1921, is still there today, although more dormant now due to the moral disarmament of
our people.
That is the task of the men and women of the National Alliance; to offer spiritual rearmament for our people and bring out the courage that lies beneath the layers of post-War War II self-hate.	aJU

r.:	WhyJohnny
gp! America s !

Robert Whitaker’s most recent book, Why Johnny Can’t Think, discussed by him in the American Dissident Voice broadcast “A White Future Is Coming” (page 5), is available from National Vanguard Books for $8.95 (Item #1111) plus $3 for postage and handling.
Free Speech
12
July 2004
Northern Tradition, White Rebellion, Part 1: An Interview with Paul Fromm
Indefatigable Canadian free speech and pro-White activist Mr. Paul Fromm is shown here speaking before the audience at one of his recent protests.
Behind him is Canada’s Red Ensign which was “replaced” by the multi-culti Maple Leaf.
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of July 17, 2004
Today we’re pleased to welcome to the American Dissident Voices microphones one of the leading advocates for European people in Canada, Mr.
Paul Fromm. Mr. Fromm is one of the most active campaigners for the preservation of our cultural and genetic heritage in that country, and he is also an outstanding activist for the free speech rights of Canadians threatened by Jewish supremacist and Politically Correct censors. He is the head of the Canada First Immigration Reform Committee, Citizens for Foreign Aid Reform (C-FAR), and the Canadian Association for Free Expression (CAFE).
KAS: Welcome to the program, Paul.
PF: It’s very good to be on your program, Kevin.
KAS: I remember meeting you for the first time ten years ago at a private memorial service for the late Revilo P. Oliver in Urbana, Illinois. There were some consequences for you for participating at that service, weren’t there?
PF: Yes. I must be somewhat unique in recent history: I was fired a couple of years later, in part for having attended a funeral, actually in this case a memorial for Professor Revilo Oliver. This was held up as one of my great ‘crimes,’ falling under the accusation of ‘showing persistent contempt for multiculturalism and ethnocultural equity,’ which apparently are ‘core values’ of my former employer, the Peel Board of Education.
KAS: One can’t show contempt for multiculturalism?
PF: No — readin’ and writin’ and ‘rithmetic, they’re not so important. But multiculturalism and ‘ethnocultural equity,’ that’s serious stuff, (laughter)
KAS: (laughter) Unbelievable. With your publications, your
public protests, your Internet bulletins — with all your work on behalf of traditional Canada and real Canadians and their free speech rights -- you sound like a one-man dynamo. How many online and print publications do you issue?
PF: We have three regular newsletters; one on foreign aid and government affairs generally, called the C-FAR Newsletter, which comes out monthly; we have the Canadian Immigration Hotline, which comes out ten times a year and is larger, and which deals exclusively with immigration issues; and then we have the Free Speech Monitor, which is also a newsletter that comes out ten times a year, and which deals with attacks on free speech in Canada. And I do have two online email lists, one dealing with immigration and one with free speech. So altogether I have five. I’m lucky to have several people who help me, two of them on a full time basis. This work in Canada is clearly beyond the abilities of one person; our problem is we need a lot more people involved.
KAS: Very good. Even in 1994, when I first met you, your career as a free speech and patriotic activist was already well established, wasn’t it?
PF: I have been politically active, in terms of organization, since the late 1970s. So you’re right, I was already something of an activist. Now
when the Peel Board of Education fired me in 1997, I became almost a full-time activist, except for some work on the side — I still have to pay the bills. So I’ve been very active for quite a while.
KAS: Can you tell us a bit about your history, and how you came to be active for your race and nation?
PF: It goes back quite a long way. I was always interested in politics, even before I became a teenager. I did a lot of reading, reading about World War II, and in those days I became quite a strong anti-Communist. During the Vietnam War the left here, as I suppose the left in the United States and elsewhere, were very much against the war. So I formed a group along with a number of other anti-Communists called the Edmund Burke Society, and we were active in protesting in favor of the Vietnam War in those days, and against various other Communist initiatives. We had a broad range of beliefs, not simply anti-Communism, but we were pro-free enterprise and so on. What we did that was somewhat unusual was that we were able to span the age barriers: Most of our leadership were young, in their late teens and twenties and early thirties, but we also had a fair number of older people. A lot of groups elsewhere tended to be composed of just the older set, or maybe just young people. We were actually quite successful. For me it was a real training ground. Now the reasons behind the Edmund Burke Society eventually fell apart, but it was a very useful training ground.
I must say that, if I’d had the knowledge I have today, I would probably have been against the war in Vietnam — but obviously for very different reasons than those of the Communist agitators who were making such a noise back then.
When the 70s came along, I got involved in a number of other groups. Citizens for Foreign Aid Reform was founded in 1979 to try to counter the guilt-mongering of the
July 2004
13
Free Speech
churches and others who suggested that we had to spend far more on foreign aid and that somehow the Third World was entitled to it because we’d ripped them off. We thought that this was just a complete lot of nonsense and an utter bill of goods.
And from that, we began to get more and more into the immigration area. I’d become concerned about immigration back in 1972, when the Canadian government allowed in thousands of Ugandan Asians after Idi Amin expelled them. And I thought that was wrong. But the really pernicious effects of massive Third World immigration to Canada didn’t become obvious until the late 70s. So about that time we began to publish material on immigration. And as the years have gone on, that’s become more and more of a focus of a lot of our activities here.
In 1982, the Canadian government adopted a document something like your Bill of Rights, called the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, which is a really impressive-sounding thing, guaranteeing all sorts of wonderful rights like freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, freedom of belief... blah blah blah. And I welcomed it at the time. But I also was aware, as were a number of others at the time, of certain people we used to run into in the late 60s and early 70s, known as the Maoists — or, officially, the Communist Party of Canada, Marxist-Leninist. They were a little bit like your SDS; they were very violent. They would break up right wing meetings and protest against right wing professors. And their slogan was ‘Racists and fascists have no right to speak or organize.’ I began to notice, though, that we were hearing very very similar ideas from those in the upper reaches of government and from policy people who were charged with developing what would soon be called ‘anti-racist’ policies and legislation. So we felt there was a real necessity for a group that would try and stick up for the free speech and free expression provisions of the new Charter of Rights and Freedoms. So the Canadian Association for Free Expression was bom.
We now have over 20 years under our belt with this Charter, and we find that it is in many ways meaningless. The free speech protections have been gutted by the judiciary. You could drive an absolute Mack truck
through them. So we really find ourselves fighting two parallel battles. One is the battle for free speech. And the other is the battle to maintain Canada as a European country.
KAS: Yes. Speaking of foreign aid, the whole idea seems absurd to me, as an American observer looking at Canada. Here you have, physically, one of the largest countries on Earth, with a fairly small but highly educated population. No country on this planet is more in need of development of its natural resources than Canada. It seems ridiculous for you to give money for Third World nations to develop theirs.
PF: Yes. And if it were just a matter of giving them money to develop theirs, it mightn’t be so bad. But in fact, what foreign aid generally is is a transfer of wealth from the working people of a developed country like Canada or the United States to corrupt elite of some Third World country. We have proven again and again that most foreign aid doesn’t even go to the intended recipients.
KAS: Indeed.
PF: It’s just an utter waste for the most part.
KAS: Why should Canadians, and people of European descent worldwide, be concerned about their future?
PF: There are two things going on simultaneously. One, we have this massive Third World immigration that started out in the late 1960s in both our countries, rapidly accelerated in the 70s and 80s, and by the 1990s became a flood — or I would say an invasion. So we have our population changing through this government-planned and government-sanctioned invasion. At the same time we have a very low birthrate. I know a US demographer by the name of Leon Bouvier has estimated that sometime around 2050 your country will no longer be a majority European or White country. And I was able to obtain from Statistics Canada exactly the same admission: They said that somewhere around 2050, people of ^European descent will no longer be a majority in Canada.
One reason that we’re declining more rapidly is that we have almost twice the immigration per capita that you do. You started in a somewhat worse position — some 11 per cent, of your population was Black, and you then added heavy Third World immigration -- and we started with virtually
no non-Whites other than a small Native Indian population. For instance, in 1961, the city I grew up in, Toronto, had only one per cent, non-White population. A couple of years ago the New York Times reported it was 60 per cent.! So in about 40 years we’ve gone from one to 60 per cent. We essentially lost our city.
KAS: That’s more like a tidal
wave.
PF: Yes, it’s a tidal wave. If people are concerned about their children and their grandchildren, even if not for themselves, they should seriously consider that by 2050 , if something doesn’t change — either the rate of immigration or the White birthrate -- this will no longer be a European country. I would like to think that most people would find that a matter of some concern.
And it’s not just racial; it’s cultural. It’s what these people bring to the table in terms of values. I saw a really interesting story in one of the weekend papers here in Canada, moaning and groaning about the refugees in Pakistan who’ve come from Afghanistan, saying ‘Oh the world doesn’t seem to care about them,’ et cetera et cetera. And the reporter noticed that one of the refugee families that was on its way back to Afghanistan had, among other things, a roll of deodorant confiscated by the Pakistani authorities because they thought it was a sex toy.
KAS: Ha!
PF: And the reporter, who was a female, was on several occasions chastised by one of the Afghan males for trying to talk to his wife, who was of course wrapped up in a bag, or burka. He said the neighbors wouldn’t think well of them if she was seen talking to a Western woman who might be trying to corrupt her with Western ways. Now imagine bringing people like that to Canada. People whose attitude is such that they fear that a roll-on deodorant might be a sex toy, and who have so much contempt for our culture and our way of life that they’re afraid that their women will be ‘corrupted.’ Now I would say that they’re certainly entitled to their view of the world, but to bring people like that into a modem First World country is to create a clash of cultures that isn’t any good for us. And to further hobble us, our government has adopted this insane policy of multiculturalism, which says that all cultures are equal and no culture is any
Free Speech
14
July 2004
better than any other. And it says that we’re not supposed to impose our ways on others — that’s ‘cultural imperialism,’ et cetera et cetera. Well, if you bring large numbers of people who have values like those of these Afghanis into our country, it’s absolutely a prescription for chaos.
KAS: One of the most memorable descriptions of modern, Politically Correct Canada I’ve heard is the name you gave it: Absurdistan. What did you mean by that?
PF: (laughter) Well, it’s sort of a subtle reminder to a lot of Canadians that we have a very large number of people from the Indian subcontinent here. So it’s a play on that, but also a reminder that what we have created here is an absurdity. We had a healthy mix of European people that had built a really fantastic country here. And, for reasons that still need to be fully explored, sometime in the mid-1960s powerful forces in our country decided to change it — essentially to throw it all away. We had a really vibrant mix of European peoples: the original settler founding peoples, the French, English, Scots, and Irish; supplemented by a lot of European immigration in the latter part of the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century from the Ukraine, Germany, Italy, Iceland, and so on. We had developed what was essentially a wilderness into a really vibrant country. Canada, with a population of a little over 12 million people, had the fourth largest navy in the Second World War. We had made our mark, small as we were, on the world. And we were, with the coming of this technological age, really about to come into our own. But that began to be frittered away as a result of this immigration and population policy.
KAS: Well, I would call it absurd if I didn’t see it as criminal and immoral.
When I was a boy, our family lived in Alaska. And we traveled most years from Alaska to Minnesota and back through Canada for summer vacations. We also visited Quebec for Expo 67. So I have many memories of the natural beauty of Canada and the qualities of her people — I remember them as friendly, optimistic, hardworking, handsome, and the possessors of a great culture. I could sense that, even at that young age, looking at the great buildings and monuments of your land. They inspired me. It seems such a crime to throw away that heritage for a Third World melange — for nothing, really.
PF: You read it exactly right. Expo 67 was the 100th anniversary of the founding of Canada. It was our centennial. The spirit of optimism that was alive during Expo 67 — the World’s Fair that was held in Montreal — was absolutely electric. I was 18 in 1967 when I went up there. There was a real spirit in the air of optimism --that we had built a lot and that we were just on the verge of even greater things in the future. Unfortunately, that was really the last hurrah.
Most people didn’t realize that decisions had already been made to change the makeup of the country. Our immigration law changed in 1965, which is ironically or coincidentally exactly the same year your country turned its back on its European heritage.
KAS: Isn’t that an interesting coincidence?
PF: I was just sufficiently politically aware then to know that the streets weren’t filled with people demonstrating and saying ‘We’re sick of being a European country; we want to make Canada look like the antechamber of the United Nations.’ There was no popular agitation or demand for this. This was entirely an elitist decision from the top. I do find it
an interesting coincidence that both our countries changed at exactly the same time.
KAS: The same sort of anti-White bias came into existence in Europe around the same time; the British Commonwealth began importing its non-Whites into tiny Britain around the same time. So it’s very difficult for me to view that as a coincidence. It seems to me like a coordinated plan.
PF: Yes, I agree with you.
KAS: Another thing I remember from our trips across Canada was the red ensign flag of Canada, flying everywhere; the flag with the Canadian shield in the main red section, and the British Union Jack in the upper left. That flag symbolized a connection, a common heritage of our two countries, the Anglo-Saxon heritage which is still commemorated in Hawaii’s flag and which was also used in the American ‘Grand Union’ flag as well. Now that red ensign has been replaced by the maple leaf flag in Canada, yet you, at your protests and at your meetings, still use the red ensign. What’s the reason for that? Can you explain the symbolism of that flag?
PF: That flag, as far as we are concerned, is the flag of the real Canada. And as a technical point, it was never actually delisted as Canada’s flag. They added the maple leaf flag, and most people consider that the new flag of Canada, but the old red ensign was never decommissioned or delisted — so it is also an official flag. This change was made in 1965 — isn’t that coincidental? — the year they changed the immigration policy.
My analysis of that is that when you’re about to utterly change a country, you don’t want the old symbols around, because the symbols will clash with the new order you’re trying to create. Their criticism of the old red ensign was that it stressed our
July 2004
15
Free Speech
European heritage — you’ve got the Union Jack in the top left, which correctly emphasized the fact that our legal system and our political system derives from Britain. Of course, multi-culturalism is very uncomfortable with that: We’re supposed to believe that everybody contributed equally; the natives of the Congo, the denizens of Samoa, all contributed every bit as much to Canada as the founding European people. So the old symbolism was inconvenient.
Also the crest was filled with reminders of our European heritage — it contained the crests of the French, the Irish, and the Scots; and then the three maple leaves joined together at the bottom of the crest, which were originally green maple leaves, symbolized the founding European peoples. This can be read a number of ways, but the founding European peoples -- the French, the English, and then the others who came later, all united to create the one.
It was a very powerful and very dramatic flag. I believe that the real reason it was changed in favor of the new one was not to have a reminder there of what Canada was.
KAS: Does the red ensign still fly anywhere in Canada?
PF: Oh, yes. We fly it at all our protests, we fly it at meetings, and a lot of our members wear it as a cap badge or a jacket badge. We’ve got a lot of young people, and it’s become the symbol you’ll see from coast to coast. And other young people who look at it know what it means. And it’s interesting that it is most popular among people who were bom long after it had stopped being used as Canada’s flag.
KAS: So, in a way, it’s a symbol of both tradition and rebellion.
PF: Yes, exactly. A symbol of tradition and rebellion. A little bit like the battle flag of the Confederacy is in your country.
KAS: And some people say the same thing about the Betsy Ross flag in the United States, the thirteen-stars-in-a-circle flag...
PF: Right.
KAS: Paul, you’ve been very active in protesting the outrageous treatment of Canada’s most famous, and obviously and unquestionably innocent, political prisoner: Ernst Zundel. We’ve interviewed official Zundel spokesman Mark Weber many times on this program, so our listeners are probably familiar with the case, but they may not be familiar with your role in organizing on Mr. Zundel’s behalf. What have you and your supporters been doing recently?
PF: I have kind of a mixed role. I was his first legal representative. When he was deported to Canada and faced an immigration hearing, he had not yet been able to secure a lawyer, so I represented him. I’m not a lawyer, but I’ve had a fair deal of legal experience. Since then, the Canadian Association for Free Expression has been helping to line up witnesses, and making sure that there’s always a good contingent of supporters in the courtroom. Every time he makes an appearance, we fill the court with supporters as silent witnesses to the injustices that are being done. I’ve been involved in raising money for him, and of course we’ve also put on protests. We’ve had demonstrations outside the prison on a fairly frequent basis. In fact, another one is coming up on the 25th of July. Those spread among supporters to some other cities: We’ve had protests outside the office of the minister in charge of security in Edmonton on several occasions this past spring and winter.
A lot of my work is to try and inform supporters across Canada and also in the United States about the case, in person. It’s one thing to read about it and quite another to have someone explain it to you live and be able to answer your questions. I’ve made by my count six appearances in the first six months of this year, 2004, in the US, and possibly three dozen talks across Canada in that period of time on this topic. I see myself as an information source for people who are interested in -- and may be likely to support -- Mr. Zundel.
KAS: How can people find out more about your efforts, and also about this protest coming up on the 25th of July?
PF: They can visit our Web page, which is http://www.canadian-freespeech.com, or they can contact me personally at paul@paul-fromm.com
KAS: What about people who don’t have access to the Internet?
PF: For people who want to contact us by mail, it’s:
Box 332 Rexdale, Ontario M9W 5L3 Canada Be sure to be listening next week to the conclusion of this interview with Paul Fromm, in which Paul and I will be discussing the tragic effects of non-White immigration, the attacks on freedom of speech and freedom of thought in Canada, and the precedent-shattering ‘Hands Off the Internet’ protest which Paul organized and which took place outside a synagogue. That’s all next week, on American Dissident Voices.
American Dissident Voices
Worldwide on Shortwave:
Saturday 6:00 pm Eastern Time (Saturday 23:00 UTC) 5.085 and 6.890 MHz via WWRB
Saturday 11:00 pm Eastern Time (Sunday 4:00 UTC)
5.085 MHz via WWRB
In addition to the shortwave broadcasts, the text and audio files of the broadcast are available at all times through the Internet at
www.natvan.com and www.natall.com
Hosted by Shaun Walker
Free Speech
16
July 2004
Northern Tradition, White Rebellion, Part 2: An Interview with Paul Fromm
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of July 24, 2004
Canadian pro-White and free speech activist Paul Fromm is shown here (top) making an audio-visual presentation about the Zundel case, and (bottom) on board an airliner, catching up on his reading as he makes yet another speaking and organizing tour of North America.
This week, we continue our interview with Canadian free speech and pro-White activist Mr. Paul Fromm.
KAS: What changes has immigration brought to Canada so far?
PF: It has cost untold billions of dollars to try to get the newcomers to adapt. Almost 50 per cent, of the people now coming into Canada speak neither English nor French. So they’re in many cases virtually unemployable. So they’re a huge drain on various social programs, on welfare programs. We, of course, have Medicare in Canada, and many of the newcomers are a tremendous burden on that system.
There’s also a huge price to paid in crime. We’re the unfortunate victims of very well organized Chinese Triads, who operate effectively in many of the urban areas of the country. They’re deeply involved in all sorts of crimes: credit card fraud, narcotics, organized car theft, and of course --and of particular interest to your country — human smuggling. They are among the major ‘snakeheads’ who bring in large numbers of illegals from China, many of them through Canada to their ultimate destination — big cities in the United States like New York.
KAS: Well, it sounds like that, by mere biomass alone, by mere expansion, they’re taking your country. They’re occupying space, owning land, and it’s simply no longer Canadian.
PF: Yes, I think we suffer from the North American ‘business curse,’ and that is that many of our
people, like unfortunately many businessmen, only look to the next quarter — what will happen in the next 90 days. Can I make a buck? And unfortunately there have been a lot of Canadian businesses and government people who have a vested interest in this that take a very short term view of it.
One businessman told me “Oh, immigration’s good for Canada. I’m in the real estate business, and we can sell a lot more houses.” And, from an extremely narrow short-term point of view, he’s probably right. And many government folks say “More immigration? That’s great — we’ll need more ESL teachers and I am an ESL teacher,” or “I’m a social worker and these people come with all sorts of problems, so I’ve got it made in the shade for a couple of decades.”
We don’t take a look, though, at the long-term effects. And the longterm effects are the changing population. And that’s what we have here.
KAS: Instead of the next quarter we ought to be looking at the next century.
PF: Yes -- or even the next 50
years.
KAS: Indeed. What are the differences between Canada and the United States when it comes to freedom of speech?
PF: My American friends tell me that your First Amendment isn’t nearly as strong a guarantee as at least I imagine it is, but I would say that we are a more repressive country. When I run into a problem with Customs, I always try to twit these humorless people by saying, “You know I only thought I missed my flight to North Korea.”
KAS: (laughter)
PF: They don’t get it. So I say, “You know. A police state.” They get really upset about that.
We are a much more repressive country in terms of free speech. For one thing, while we’re not able to control immigration of terrorists up here, our contribution to ‘fighting terrorism’ under our ‘anti-terrorist’ legislation in 2001 was to crack down on
the Internet. So we have turned over control of the Internet in Canada to the Canadian Human Rights Commission, where truth is no defense. So they can prosecute a person for making remarks against privileged groups — and that would be race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, et cetera -- if the remarks are ‘likely to expose’ that person to ‘hatred or contempt.’
‘Likely’ is a pretty broad term, and as for ‘contempt,’ I would argue that it’s hard to criticize anybody without holding him up to contempt. And this legislation was in response to agitation for years from groups like the League for Human Rights of B’nai B’rith and the Canadian Jewish Congress and the Simon Wiesenthal Center. So the government now makes dissent on the Internet risky. Though it’s not impossible, it’s a risk, and I think it’s a risk you don’t face down there.
KAS: So by publishing on your own Web sites, by doing this interview and having your views appear on this radio program, which is presented not only on radio but on the Internet, you are taking the chance of running afoul of these Politically Correct censors.
PF: Yes. You have to be careful what you say. And I’m probably not nearly careful enough. This is a demeaning position for free men and women to be in. I just don’t think that’s what proud and thinking Europeans were made to do, watching every word. Our two countries have been healthiest when there was broad, brawling public debate, where the price of offending someone was a shout that you’re a horse’s ass -- not “Fire him!” - “Lock him up!” - “Shut him down.” A society where there can be open debate is a healthy one. And we have not seen that for at least two decades in Canada. The number of topics that are debatable become fewer and fewer. Immigration is a very hard subject to debate, at least politically, in Canada.
KAS: Even though your country’s Customs and border officials are completely unable and perhaps
July 2004
17
Free Speech
even uninterested in stopping the importation of terrorists from foreign countries, they are very very careful about what books they allow to cross the border. You never know what sort of terrorist acts these books might commit!
PF: Yes. There is a Puritanical fixation on ideas. These Customs people -- the censors, I would call them --are supposed to be basically looking for two types of things: so-called pornography and “hate” — hate in quotation marks. Every three months they publish a list of books, even booklists, tapes, CDs, et cetera, that they have seized in the past 90 days. And they also indicate the disposition: Whether they were seized and then deemed to be OK; or seized and then deemed to be either pornographic or “hate.”
For one 90-day period a couple of years back, several of the books published by Dr. Roger Pearson in Washington — really solid academic books like Shockley on Eugenics and Race and Fear and Loathing in Academe, which is about attempts by censors on campus to attack or shut down people who were doing research on race, people like Shockley, or Philippe Rushton in Canada — were deemed, despite being purely academic and scholarly, to be “hate.” At the same time, videotapes which had titles like ‘Anal Sluts’ or ‘Oriental With an Anal Touch’ were deemed not to be pornographic. Now, I am really not in favor of censorship regardless of content, but it struck me that unless the titles of those videotapes were utterly misleading, they probably were pornographic.
KAS: Unbelievable. Well, the company which sponsors this radio program. National Vanguard Books, sometimes has its shipments of books to customers in Canada intercepted by the thought police. And isn’t it true that they even stopped some books of German fairy tales?
PF: Yes. I’ve had German Fairy Tales confiscated a couple of times. In the end I got them back, but that’s not even the point. The point is the mindset that is so twisted that it sees ‘German’ and ‘fairy tales’ and thinks that there could be something wrong there. This is very, very unhealthy.
One of our subscribers had a copy of David Duke’s new book,
Jewish Suprematism, seized. And it was deemed to be “hate propaganda,” despite the fact that the book is absolutely scholarly and based on very well-documented research. And so he asked them “Well, what’s going to happen to it?”
“Oh,” he was told, “when the appeal period ends in 90 days, it will be destroyed.” So he said “How?” “It gets burned,” they said.
Not too many weeks later, there was a firebomb thrown at a Jewish elementary school in Montreal, and part of their library was burned. And that was an opportunity for all sorts of politicians to get in on the act and bemoan the “rise of anti-Semitism,” et cetera, et cetera. The Minister of Justice, who is Jewish, a fellow by the name of Irwin Cotier, pulled a big mournful face on TV and said something like “What sort of country is it where they bum books?” So we put out a press release saying that if the minister really is worried about people who bum books, he might whisper across the cabinet table at his counterpart who deals with Customs, because we have an official policy in this country of burning books.
KAS: Now I see why you call it Absurdistan.
PF: Yes.
KAS: Late last year, you and your supporters held a number of Hands Off the Internet protests — one of them apparently outside a synagogue. What were those protests all about?
PF: Oh, yes. That caused an immense stir. There was a group of speakers announced -- all of them in favor of censorship of the Internet — by a British Columbia group that’s a longtime opponent of free speech. The meeting was held in a synagogue, and we thought we’d hold the protest right outside the synagogue in Victoria, British Columbia. It got quite a bit of local press, and the participants were just furious, just outraged that people would dare come out and protest in front of a synagogue. And, as far as I know, that was the first time that had been done — certainly in my memory. It was a very disciplined protest. We had, of course, the red ensign; we had placards; we had people who had come from up to a couple of hundred miles away to join us. The message was very
clear and simple: Give freedom a chance ~ Hands Off the Internet.
But the very word ‘freedom,’ which inspired a generation back in the 1960s, now is almost a dirty word. Kevin, one of the things I’ve noticed in twenty years working on the free speech front is that, twenty years ago, when we would argue against one of the Jewish lobby groups and say “What you are suggesting would involve censorship and deny free speech,” they would be on the defensive. They would be saying “We’re in favor of free speech, but....” Now, what we find more and more is that people who support free speech are labeled, as in “So and so says he’s a ‘free speech’ supporter,” with “free speech” in quotation marks, as if free speech is somehow not quite legitimate. In fact, we’ve often been told “Well, you have a hidden agenda; you’re not really for free speech, you’re just for Nazism or
something.”
KAS: Hats off to you for the protest. What were the people inside the synagogue trying to do? What were
they lobbying for?
PF: They were going over various things that had been done to try to crack down on the Internet, to restrict freedom of speech on the Internet. There were a number of the announced speakers who didn’t show up for their meeting, but of those who did, one was a spokesman for the Wiesenthal Center, which has been very active in Canada trying to restrict free speech on the Internet, and another was a fellow who is now a government lawyer with the Canadian Human Rights Commission, Richard Warman. Warman has been like a one-man censorship machine. He has filed numerous complaints about the Internet, even though he was at that time a government official. And then, when people like me criticize him on the Internet for what he’s doing, he sues us for libel. It reminds me of the fate of people during the Cultural Revolution in China: It was bad enough to be executed by the government as a revolutionary or whatever, but then your family was sent a bill for the cost of the bullet to shoot you.
KAS: Is Warman some sort of official censor?
.,	^°*	Be	was	an	investiga-
tor with the Canadian Human Rights
July 2004
Free Speech
18
Commission. We called him the high priest of censorship.
KAS: But he does go around and try to get ISPs to shut down Web sites and that sort of thing?
PF: Oh, yes. And he had no hesitation to write to ISPs in the United States that were hosting various people in Canada that he didn’t like, and threatening them. The man behaved — and I’ve said this, and this is even the subject of a lawsuit — as a fanatic.
KAS: Is the lawsuit still ongoing?
PF: Oh, yes. It’s been in motion since February of this year, and it’s still trundling along.
KAS: So, because of his censorship activities, you called him a censor. And he’s suing you for that?
PF: Yes, he says that will damage his reputation. Our position is that if you don’t try to take away the people’s right to free speech, no one will call you a censor. It’s your own dreadful behavior that’s going to damage your reputation.
It’s typical of a country heading for Third World dictatorship that the State doesn’t want its activities under scrutiny. In fact, in the Zundel case — and on some days, it’s almost laughable — in a country that very seldom invokes national security, just about everything is supposedly a matter of national security. There are two parallel trials going on with Zundel. One is the public one, where he’s present and his supporters are present and he has a defense lawyer. The other is a series of private hearings that go on
with just the government prosecutor and the judge present. And we’re not allowed to know what the evidence is, or who the witnesses (if any) are, or even exactly what the accusations are. So Zundel is in the situation of many people in Third World countries in the legal system. He can’t really mount a defense, because he doesn’t really know what he’s accused of.
KAS: It’s a secret trial. I thought that was abolished when they abolished Star Chamber proceedings.
PF: This is something that I think we have to make not just Canadians, but also Americans, understand: What is going on in Canada sets us back five or six hundred years. These are rights that were hard-won in Britain before they were established here: the right to face your accusers; to be able to face the witnesses and the evidence against you (and therefore answer it); and the right to know what you’re charged with. Mr. Zundel is being charged under a blanket charge; that he’s a “threat to national security” and because he’s a “terrorist.” That’s all he knows.
Anybody who knows him or who has studied his career at all knows that is completely preposterous. Zundel, whatever else he is or isn’t, has been a lifelong pacifist.
KAS: Indeed. We have a parallel situation in the United States, with the Patriot Act being used to introduce the precedent of secret trials.
Now, Paul you were an English teacher for 25 years, is that correct?
PF: That’s right. Yes.
KAS: In 1997 you lost your job due to an alliance of Communists and members of B’nai B’rith, who successfully lobbied to have you fired.
PF: Yes.
KAS: On that day, you told the world that “This precedent sends a chilling message to teachers. If you think about the issues of the day, if you have any political views, keep your mouth shut if you want to keep your job.” How did you feel on that day, and what did you decide to do about it?
PF: In terms of my personal situation, I had to -- I’m not independently wealthy — quickly work out other forms of income to support my family. I decided I would fight the firing, and I grieved through the union, grieved the Board of Education. That process went on from April Fools’ Day 1998 until 2002, and eventually arbitration went against me 2 to 1. I’m now in a position where I can seek judicial review in the courts. The only problem is that it will be very very expensive. I have never let this go.
I felt disappointed, certainly, for myself. I felt that the education system had radically changed in the 20 some years I’d been involved in it. New teachers would face a situation pretty much like that in a Third World dictatorship: You’d better be awfully careful what you say that could, in any way, shape, or form annoy powerful people in the State. You can still criticize the government as a political party; we still have that right. But if you criticize anything to do with mul-
BRING OUR TROOPS HOME STICKER
BRING our TROOPS HOME and PUT THEM on the MEXICAN BORDER!
Although being right or wrong has nothing to do with being in the majority or minority, here is an opportunity to support, what happens to be in this case, majority positions. Most Americans want the placing of troops on the border to stop illegal immigration. A steadily increasing majority of Americans want our troops to be brought home from Iraq. So for those who want to be both right and be in the majority, here is your opportunity. This is a great wedge issue to expose the public to the truth about the malevolent forces which run the country by showing how their interests compare with the White public’s and how these forces steer the media and government. Let’s use the “bandwagon effect” to run the bandwagon over our enemies.
100 stickers for $6.00, postage included. Item # 1389
NATIONAL ALLIANCE POB 901 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Check our webBite: wvm.naIall.ooin Send $6 for 100 stickers postpaid (ask toe H1389).
July 2004
19
Free Speech
ticulturalism, or immigration policy, or the powerful enemies of free speech — basically the enemies of free speech in Canada are the organized Jewish lobbies, like the B’nai B’rith and the Canadian Jewish Congress. If you criticize them, you’re in real trouble.
I got a bit of a laugh the other day. A friend of mine was telling me about a woman who had been hired by the municipality down in Niagara Falls, Ontario a few years back as their ‘Anti-Racism	Coordinator.’
Apparently she got fired two or three years ago because she appeared at a pro-Palestinian protest.
KAS: Unbelievable.
PF: The Canadian government likes to pat itself on the back in the international forums about what a progressive country we are and all the rights our citizens have, blah blah blah.
I think the world should be made very aware of the fact that that’s mostly hot air.
KAS: It seems to be a constantly-repeating pattern that those pushing for the political imprisonment of Ernst Zundel, those forcing you out of your teaching job, and many other cases, are connected to international Jewish groups, like the B’nai B’rith. And the extremely slanted media coverage of these events also comes from Jewish-controlled newspapers and networks. These people seem deathly afraid of open debate about history, and of any assertion of identity or unity on the part of European people, whether those people are Canadians or Americans or Germans or any European nationality.
PF: You’re quite right. The main threat to freedom of speech in Canada — and we’ve emphasized this for the last decade or so -- is organized Jewish groups. They are the ones that have lobbied fanatically for government censorship of the Internet, for the various ‘hate laws’ we have, and, almost as pernicious, the Human Rights Commission censorship laws, some of which are federal and some of which are provincial. And before a Human Rights Commission, often truth is not even considered a defense. So a person pulled before a Human Rights Commission on some so-called ‘hate’ violation has very little defense that can be offered — if you can’t say that what you said is true, then it’s only the ‘hurt feelings’ that matter, and you really don’t have much of a defense that you can mount.
KAS: Paul, are there any changes on the horizon for freedom of speech in your country, and is there any hope, in your view, for the men and women of the West in Canada.
PF: I don’t think there is going to be a turnaround in Canada until we develop a much larger hard core of informed people who want to do something. People fall into one of two categories: They’re uninformed and don’t see the big picture, or they may see that there’s a problem, but they’re not prepared to do anything about it. They may have bought the argument that it’s hopeless; or that they’re too old and will just have to coast to the grave and then it’s somebody else’s problem. Or they may simply have not seen any real leadership
that they can rally around. I see our task as being twofold. One is to inform more people - let them see just how dire the situation is; and secondly to organize and motivate people to get involved.
KAS: That’s what we’re trying to do in the United States, and I’m proud to say that our news Web site has prominently featured many of your articles and news dispatches. And I can also tell you that we’re getting well in excess of 300,000 page views per month. There are people who are awakening, who never thought about these issues before -- or who did think about them but were discouraged and thought that they were the only people who felt that way.
PF: That’s one of the great things about the Internet. It’s helping to break down the isolation that censorship and state suppression and very biased media have imposed on so many people. Many people have felt that they were the oddballs, that nobody else shared their views. But the Internet opens them up to the fact that there are a lot of people who share their views — not just in their own country, but maybe even in their own neighborhood.
KAS: Paul, we’re running out of time for the broadcast. I want to thank you for all of your sacrifices for freedom and for truth, and I want to thank you for being a guest on American Dissident Voices.
YELLOW RIBBON MAGNET Catalog Item: #1184 $2.50
The magnets read: “BRING OUR TROOPS HOME & PUT THEM ON THE MEXICAN BORDER.” This is a sentiment that is sure to make sense to increasing numbers of Americans! These magnets are 3 inches by 8 inches so they will be easily visible on your car. They can also be used on refrigerators at home, file cabinets at work, or wherever you have available a metallic surface. The low price of $2.50 includes postage within the U.S
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Free Speech
20
July 2004
Out of the Darkness
by William L. Pierce introduced by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of July 31, 2004
In a previously unpublished speech, the National Alliance’s founding Chairman Dr. William Pierce reflects on his own mortality and on laying the foundations for an Alliance that will continue to fulfill its mission as the generations pass.
As I record this week’s broadcast, it has been two years since the untimely death of the founding chairman of the National Alliance, my friend and certainly one of the pro-foundest thinkers of the 20th century, William L. Pierce.
Dr. Pierce told me that his greatest goal in life was to build the Alliance into a vehicle for the survival and advancement of our people that would transcend his own leadership, that would endure beyond his physical life and beyond the lifetimes of any of its leaders.
There were times that Dr. Pierce agonized over whether the Alliance would survive at all, and even more times when he felt almost alone, certain that without him to keep pushing forward, the organization and the ideas it embodies would disappear and be forgotten. In the early 1980s, Dr. Pierce instituted several dramatic changes in the Alliance. The blustery street-revolutionary rhetoric of the tabloid newspaper was superseded by the equally radical but more intellectually rigorous articles in the new National Vanguard magazine. The
issue-oriented approach of the past was de-emphasized and the all-encompassing racial-biological worldview that was the basis of our ideas was brought to the fore. Attracting the masses was abandoned in favor of attracting a high-quality elite.
On today’s broadcast, I’m going to remember Dr. Pierce by letting you hear his own words on these very subjects. Offered here to honor the man and to disseminate his prescient words, and never before heard by any but the Alliance members and participants at the Alliance’s General Convention in 1983, this is Dr. Pierce’s banquet address — ‘Out of the Darkness.’
Two thousand years ago the poet Ovid wrote that night is a sadder time than day. I know that’s always been true for me. When discouraging thoughts come, it’s usually at night.
Actually, I’m pretty cheerful most of the time. But it used to be that, occasionally, when I was working alone in the National Office late at night, a black thought would come into my mind — always the same thought. It was that there’s not enough time to do what I must do. It was that something will happen to me before the Alliance is strong enough to survive and continue growing without me.
Then a feeling of desperation would come over me and I would have to fight off an almost overpowering urge to do whatever I could to speed things up — to go back to the quick and dirty methods that I had tried in past years. Now, I didn’t yield to that urge because I had already found out the hard way that the quick and dirty methods don’t yield lasting results. I knew that we had only one shot at winning this war we’re in, and it has to be a good shot. We can’t miss. We can’t build something that is flimsy or false. We have to do it exactly right, or it won’t work. But doing it right sometimes seems painfully slow. And it would be futile, self-defeating, if in my care to do it right I didn’t get enough of it done so that others could carry on before I was overtaken by disease, or by an accident, or even by an assassin.
Now, in a sense, this black thought which used to creep up on me late at night, was the thought of death, the fear of death. We’re all mortal. We all know that we have to die — though no one wants to. The way we’ve dealt with this fear of death in the past has been to identify ourselves with something immortal, to think of ourselves as part of something in which we can continue to live after our bodies are gone. Patriots have identified themselves with their countries — often so strongly that they were almost eager to die in order to advance the interests of their fatherland: the land of their forefathers. It was easier to be patriotic, of course, when our country still belonged to us, when we were able to associate a particular village, or farmstead, with our ancestors for several generations back; when the graves of our fathers, and grandfathers, and great great great grandfathers, were around us — and so were their works: the fields that they had cleared, the buildings that they had built, the trophies they gathered in their lifetimes, the records they left behind them. We could easily fit ourselves into the pattern of generations and centuries, and be content in the knowledge that our own works, and trophies, and records, would also be preserved, and would become part of the lives of our descendents. We would fight anyone who threatened that pattern. We would die in order to preserve it, so that we wouldn’t be forgotten, so that we would always have a little niche in the memory of all the generations which were to come.
Today the whole pattern has been smashed to bits and ground into the mud. We’ve lost our roots, our sense of belonging, our connection with the past and with the future. We can’t count on being remembered. In fact, if current trends continue for a few more years, and Martin Luther King’s dream of “full equality” is realized then our grandchildren won’t even know who their fathers are, much less their grandfathers. So patriotism provides little comfort for mortals these days.
And it’s no wonder that many people are searching for something else, besides their countries, to identify
July 2004
21
Free Speech
with. For me that something has long been the whole universe. My life is part of its life and 1 know that the larger life of the evolving universe will go on no matter what. That’s my religion, or part of it. But it’s a rather impersonal religion, and on dark, lonely nights at the office, it does not by itself provide enough comfort to keep dark moods away. There is in all of us, I believe, a need for a more personal identification with something immortal. We need more than merely the knowledge that each of us is a momentarily glowing spark of individual consciousness in a conscious cosmos — a cosmos which, even as its overall brightness grows, witnesses the winking on and then out again of billions of individual sparks.
We need, in addition to that, the knowledge that we as individuals make a difference. We need the knowledge that we can make a mark on the world through our own efforts, and that the mark we make will last. We need to know that our personal contribution to the life of the universe will be remembered after we are gone -- that others will add to it and help it grow — so that ten generations from now, or even a hundred generations, the record will still be there. There will be someone then who will be able to say: Back during the great struggle, ages ago, when the race nearly perished, there were a few men and women who were on the right side; a few who did what had to be done; a few who made the difference; and even today, centuries later, we remember their names and their works.
That’s the sort of knowledge which is able to overcome the fear of death, the sort of knowledge which gives each of us a personal connection to the infinite. It’s true that the selfconsciously evolving cosmos, of which I am a part, is the ultimate reality. But it’s also true that the Alliance provides my personal connection with that ultimate reality. The Alliance is
the means by which I, and many others, can make individual contributions to the future. The Alliance not only magnifies our efforts — gives us leverage that we wouldn’t have if we were working on our own -- but it also provides a safe repository for our contributions, makes them into lasting contributions. And as it keeps them from being washed away in the growing tide of chaos on the outside, it keeps them in place long enough for another member to add his own contribution on top of ours, and then for another to build on top of both, and so on.
For example, if one of our members writes a book which is a valuable contribution to our overall effort — say, member William Simpson and his Which Way Western Man? --then he doesn’t have to worry that it will immediately disappear into oblivion when he dies, or is no longer able to promote it himself. He knows that even after he is gone, the Alliance will remain to continue distributing his book, continue reprinting it, magnifying its effect, until another member is able to build on that work with a book of his own, which advances the Cause still further.
That, of course, is the theory. The trouble is it has been a pretty shaky theory in the past, primarily because far too much was dependent on a single individual: me. Who could be sure whether I would last from one month to the next? Who could know whether or not all of the hard work, and money, and time, he was putting into the Alliance would be wasted? Because I might, at any minute, give up and announce that I was tired of butting my head against the wall, and that would be the end of it.
From my own viewpoint things were a little different, but still not particularly encouraging. I knew that I wouldn’t give up, but I could see others giving up all around me. It seemed that every time we would manage to struggle ahead a step, we would
slide three quarters of a step back again. And I knew that we were not strong enough to keep going at all if I quit, which meant that I had to hang on and keep on pushing things forward until we reached a critical point where I could stand aside and things would keep moving without me, because there would be the right people, ready and able to take over all of my responsibilities. My concern was that nothing must happen to me before we reached that point. From a purely selfish standpoint, I didn’t want my spark to wink out without making a difference, and the black thought that kept coming to me late at night was that I was losing the race, that I couldn’t reach that critical point soon enough.
It was never a matter of quitting. I never worried that all of my hard work was being wasted in the sense that I could’ve been spending my time more enjoyably. From the time I started, there was only one thing that I could do — even if there were no hope at all of winning. I couldn’t stop even if I had wanted to. Nevertheless, whether I was working willingly or unwillingly, the occasional late-night feeling that it was all for nothing was quite distressing.
Fortunately, daylight generally had the effect of dispelling my gloom, and so I was able to present a cheerful face to the world. Now, the only reason that I’m making this confession to you is that my black thoughts are a thing of the past. If I still had them, I certainly wouldn’t tell you about them. But the fact is that I have not been gloomy about our prospects for at least the last year— and I still work late, alone, in the National Office at night. What’s made the difference is the results of our recruiting during the past year.
For the task that the Alliance must accomplish, quality is everything. In the last year we have been winning commitments from people who have what it takes to get the job
Q		a
1 § P	National Vanguard Rooks carries books on numerous subjects for all ages and educational levels.Visit our on-line catalogue at WWW.natall.com Science, history, culture, philosophy.... Children, teenagers, adults...	i 1 1 1 I
PI		
July 2004
Free Speech
22
done. Attendance at our convention this year may be up only forty per cent, over last year, but the number of people in the Alliance who have what it takes has doubled. We’re finally getting the good ones now substantially faster than we’re losing them — and, really, we’ve just started.
For years, we were bogged down in the childishness — the make believe -- the buffoonery — the stupidity -- of the right wing. That’s no one’s fault but my own, of course — because I knew nothing else but the right wing approach. I really thought that populism, an appeal to the dispossessed, an appeal to the so-called White masses, was the way to proceed, the way to gain strength.
And I was often in despair, when I finally realized that it wasn’t; when I saw how few people we were winning in whom I could have any confidence at all. Changing our approach was difficult. It meant breaking some bad habits that we had acquired. It meant alienating a certain clientele that we had attracted, whose continued support I was then convinced that we really needed.
But we did change. And, within the first six months, I could begin to see a real improvement. The right wing kooks stopped coming
around, and in their place came people that I could be proud of — people in whom I could have confidence. That’s when the late night despair disappeared.
We have a long, a difficult, and a dangerous road ahead of us yet. There will be many casualties along the way. We’ll make more mistakes, certainly, and we’ll have to correct ourselves many times. We may yet be overwhelmed by the enemy, or we may be too slow and be overtaken by circumstances — but I’m now convinced that we can reach our goal.
I can foresee the time now when it will no longer make any difference what happens to me, because there will be others who will keep the spark glowing, and will make it grow brighter and brighter with each passing year. I foresee immortality, for all of those who have nourished the spark and who will nourish it in the future. I see more people -- like you who are here with me tonight -- joining our Cause every month, and every week. I foresee a growth, and a strength, and a capability for the Alliance, much greater than we have ever known before. I foresee it not in the distant future any longer, but in the time immediately ahead of us, as you go
forth tomorrow and recruit for our Cause other men and women like yourselves. Thank you.
You’ve been listening to ‘Out of the Darkness,’ a speech given by Dr. William Pierce, the founding Chairman of the National Alliance, the premier organization representing the interests of White people in the world today. Dr. Pierce’s commitment to quality over quantity as he built the Alliance, his single-minded dedication to his mission, and his recruitment of men and women with the talents and long-term staying power needed to advance in the face of terrible odds ultimately succeeded.
The Alliance progressed, survived the tragic loss of Dr. Pierce in July 2002, and the legacy of his leadership lives today in a vibrant, dynamic, living White community which bears the name he gave it — the National Alliance. I hope you’ll join us. Great things are possible for our people — greater than any of us can even imagine. Let’s make them happen in our lifetimes.
Now order a copy of the flag which flies over the National Headquarters!
This standard 3x5 flag with metal grommets features a black Life Rune with an Oak Crest. The most common colors used in the flags, coat of arms and seals of the White world, scarlet red, royal blue and pure white, are also used in this flag. The flag can be obtained for only $20 and $3.00 postage and handling from The National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946 or our Web site at www.natall.com.
July 2004
23
Free Speech
The Centennial of the first publishing of The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion
Now celebrating the centennial of its publishing, it is still as controversial as ever. The Protocols are 24 documents said to be the Jews' plan to dominate the world that were captured in Czarist Russia. It may be a fake, but whoever wrote it definitely understands the Jewish mind. Was it a prediction of what the Jews planned, a parody of Jewish scheming or just a malicious attack? You can decide. The real fun comes when one compares what the Jews plan in The Protocols to their activities over the last century.
The books include the history of attempts to ban it and commentary.
People always talk about The Protocols, but how many have actually read them? l4ow you can.
756. The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion
Marsden (translator) 299pp soft cover $9.95 + $3 for postage and handling
757. The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion
(small version) Mardsen - 71pp soft cover $5.95 + $3 for postage and handling.
National Vanguard Books * P.O. Box 90 * Hillsboro, WV 24946
National Vanguard Magazine
National C!/Van guard
Lessons From the Past: How Race Defeated Egypt
Issue 126, May-June 2005
Contents:
*	The Crime of the Decade: Americans Dying for Israel in Iraq
*	Lessons from the Past: How Race Defeated Egypt
*	World War II: 60 years on
*	From the Fires of Hell: A 1945 bunker survivor refutes Jewish propaganda version of Hitler’s death
*	Health: US Government fails to warn against sexual contact with non-Whites as HIV infection rate amongst Blacks doubles
*	US News:
Racial education achievement gap ’remaining constant'
Rapist who "chose his victims by race" set free
Detroit's hip-hop Black mayor preys on city's ruins
Israeli spy network against US revealed
*	VE Day in Berlin: Second largest German nationalist rally since WWII
9
*	International News: Dutch White nationalists, 10% of UK teenagers support the BNP, Russian prosecutors say call for ban on Jewish groups is not anti-Semitic, Swiss White nation-
alists score shock victory in local election
Review:	Kingdom	of
*	Movie Heaven
*	And More!
U.S.A.
Subscription: $22.00
One copy: $5.00 including postage
Canada
Subscription: $30.00
One copy: $5.00 including postage
Elsewhere
(all countries except the U.S. and Canada)
Subscription: $40.00
One copy: $8.00 including postage
Subscribe online
A subscription consists of six issues whenever they appear. (National Alliance Member’s subscription consists of 12 issues.)
National Vanguard Books, P.O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA