FREE SPEECH • FEBRUARY 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO. II
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SFEEOS
Lies and the History Ifannel
Dr. ^Hliam Pierce Sjfl
Illusion and Leverage
''c-/ 'B^TWDiam	,jh
/V	■
Capitalism and Equality
Dr, William Pferce ‘ 4/'	'/'',*%*	'
Reality Check
^BlteWmiam^iWerce
Lies and the History Channel
The biggest threat to our people — the biggest obstacle to our survival and progress — is the Jewish control of the mass media of news and entertainment. I‘ve said that to you many times. Today I want to talk about some very specific examples of the way in which this threat works. Last month a special television documentary program began airing on the History Channel, which is a subsidiary of A&.E Television Networks. The “A&E” stands for “Arts and Entertainment.” The name of the program is “Nazi America: A Secret History.” It purports to be a serious history of the growth of the Nazi movement in America, starting with the German-American Bund and its precursor organizations in the 1930s and taking us right up to the present
I don’t have the time to view many television programs except the national and international news each day, primarily to see what the party line is: that is, to see what “spin” the
Jews are putting on the news. This History Channel documentary was of special interest to me, however, because I was part of it Beyond the fact that I’m in the program, I knew intimately another person who was given major coverage in the program, and I have detailed knowledge of several other persons and events covered by the program. So when I viewed the program I paid careful attention and took notes. What I noted generally
A very deceptive television show
about the program is that in addition to the standard slant, which they put on everything they produce, there were a number of very clear-cut and blatant lies: lies of both omission and commission. And it occurred to me that these lies are so clear and so easily refuted by anyone who knows the facts that I should share them with you. They provide useful clues to Jewish motives — and also perhaps an antidote to other Jewish lies.
One other thing about this particular History Channel program: it will be shown more than once. You can keep your eyes open for it and watch it the next time it is shown, keeping in mind the facts that I’ll share with you today. If you’re really serious about what’s happening to America, you can even order a copy of the tape from the History Channel and then study it yourself the way I did. It’ll cost you $29.95, but the lesson is worth it.
FREE SPEECH for Fabruary 2000
Samuel Dickstein
The first thing to note is the general slant of the program. That slant is to lump together everyone the Jews consider a threat to their own plans for America as a “Nazi” and then to portray Nazis as dangerous subversives and terrorists who need to be locked up in order for the country to be safe. Nazis are portrayed as weird and unpleasant people, strange and dangerous people, not at all like you and me. The purpose behind this is not just lingering Jewish hatred for the German Nazis, who put a real crimp in the Jews’ plans for Europe 60 years ago. It is a current concern of the Jews that too many people are speaking out against them today, and too many people are listening, especially with the Internet not yet subject to Jewish censorship. The Jews’ aim is first to demonize the people who don’t like them and then to oudaw them, to cut them off from contact with the public, and to keep them from speaking out.
So let’s look at the specifics. The first part of the program deals with 1930s organizations such as Friends of the New Germany and the Ger-man-American Bund, which tried to counter die Jews’ hate-propaganda against Germany in America, to build unity among Gc rman-Americans, to help Americans generally understand what Adolf Hitler was doing in his rebuilding of Germany, and to a lesser extent to propagate Hider’s National Socialist ideas in America.
And I should tell you now that this part of die program on the Ger-man-American Bund, just like all the rest of the program, is chock full of errors which are the result of ignorance and sloppy research more than malice. For example, the program states that Hider’s Mein Kampf was published in 1924 and that Hider was appointed chancellor of Germany in 1932. Both dates are incorrect, as anyone can determine by reference to an encyclopedia. In 1924 Hider was in prison for revolutionary activity and was just beginning to write Mein Kampf. And he didn’t become chancellor until 1933. I point out these errors simply to remind you that the controlled media very often are wrong in their facts even when they’re not consciously lying, but they present those facts in an apodictic way, and few Americans question them.
In its treatment of the Bund, however, the program goes beyond sloppiness in its errors and turns to deliberate deceit. It talks, for example, about New York Congressman Samuel Dickstein’s investigation and harassment of the Bund and his labeling of it as a subversive organization. What the people who wrote the program certainly knew but neglected to tell the audience was that Congressman Dickstein was also a Soviet espionage agent — not just a communist or communist sympathizer like so many of his fellow Jews, but a secret agent actually on the payroll of the Soviet NKVD. So in the 1930s what we had was a Jewish-Soviet espionage agent pretending to be an American patriot denouncing what he called the “un-American” influence of the Bund. Dickstein’s role as an NKVD agent was revealed as old NKVD archives were opened following the collapse of communist power and the breakup of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s. But there wasn’t a word
“1 WILL KILL	r|||^bhP||
EVERY JEW.1 CATHOLIC	HHH
AND NEGRO!”	/ B Ipriw^
Total deception
i
tq
b|
e
el
ii
il
i
i
George Lincoln Rockwell
of that in the History Channel program. Dickstein was represented simply as a concerned congressman. But because he was a congressman and a Jew, both the Roosevelt administration and the Jewish media collaborated with him in railroading the Bund’s chairman, Fritz Kuhn, into prison on a trumped-up embezzlement charge in 1939.
Not revealing Dickstein’s employment by the NKVD was a lie of omission. A really outrageous lie of commission occurs a little later in the program when it moves into the postwar period and focuses on George Lincoln Rockwell, the World War Two Navy flier and combat veteran who organized the National Socialist White People’s Party in the 1960s. The program shows news footage of some of Rockwell’s public meetings in Washington, while the program’s narrator comments that Rockwell, “added gays and Catholics to his list of threats to the future of the White race.” Then, between scenes of Rock' well speaking, a headline fills the screen. It reads:	“Hate-Document
Bared: 41 will kill every Jew, Catholic and Negro.’” The clear implication is that this statement about killing every Jew, Catholic, and Negro was made by Rockwell. But it wasn’t. It was pure invention by the people who made this program.
I knew Rockwell quite well and worked with him closely on the pro' duction of a magazine for a year
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 * Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
a^iq.
before his murder in 1967. He was totally removed from any sectarian bickering between Catholics and Protestants and accepted them on an equal basis. He had a number of practicing Catholics in his organization. This Jewish trick of trying to divide Catholics from Protestants has been used before, but in Rockwell’s case it is especially inappropriate. Furthermore, Rockwell never made a statement about killing all homosexuals, although he certainly disapproved of homosexuality.
The deliberate deceit continues as the program moves into the period after Rockwell’s death. The narrator announces that Rockwell’s organization floundered after his death. . . until the next Nazi leader came forward. Frank Collin emerged from Rockwell’s shadow in 1970 .... I’m using the narrator’s exact words here. The clear implication is that Frank Collin, a short, dark, hook-nosed, little man with a flair for theatrics, was Rockwell’s successor. There is no mention at all of Rockwell’s actual successor, a man named Matt Koehl.
And there is no mention that Collin was a Jew. Not only was he a Jew, but he was a poseur and an exhibitionist, pretending to be a National Socialist leader while putting on a media sideshow which attracted to him a small group of losers and misfits who liked to wear uniforms and strut around in public. While the media focused on Collin, whose sole claim to fame was the uproar he generated when he announced that he intended to march his uniformed freak show through Skokie, Illinois, a Jewish suburb of Chicago, Rockwell’s real successor was left without access to the media.
At the end of the Collin episode, the narrator does reveal to us that Collin was convicted and sent to prison in 1979 for sexually molesting little boys, but we are left with the impression that this smirking, prancing, child-molesting little Jew was a real National Socialist, the successor of George Lincoln Rockwell. That’s the image of a National Socialist, the image of a Nazi, that the writers of this program deliberately and deceitfully plant in the public mind.
Actually, Collin was exposed as a Jew in the Chicago press back in the 1970s. Interviews with his parents
FREE SPEECH for February 2000
3
Frank Collin
The History Channel presented this freakish, Jewish pedophile as a typical “Nazi.”
were published in the newspapers. But that was more than 20 years ago, and the folks at the History Channel figured that the public has forgotten about that. And Frank Collin is not the only Jew trotted out as a “Nazi” by this program that is supposed to tell us about the history of Nazis in America. The Columbine killers, Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris, also are represented as “Nazis,” although they are not named direcdy in the program. Instead, as images flash across the screen, we hear the narrator naming a series of people involved in recent killings, and the narrator tells us, one at a time, that they are Nazis.
James Burmeister, an 82n Airborne soldier at Fort Bragg, who shot a convicted Black drug dealer in Fayetteville, North Carolina, in December 1995, is described as a “Nazi,” although there has never been any evidence presented in this regard. Certainly, he was not a member of any National Socialist group, or that fact would have been brought out at his trial. Then there is John King, convicted in the dragging murder of a

®***>*“ CeJumbine * Sefwxei ganimm Erie mnrfz vmv German Utsignia, spoke lCJmmfcn in the halfway* r % hu mmi Dylan Ukix&i ml tu» pa&alanme ahapt v,rfgath
More “Nazis”
Black in Jasper, Texas, in 1998. King also is described by the narrator as a “Nazi,” although again there is no evidence to suggest this. What we do know about King is that he acquired a burning hatred for Blacks after being gang-raped by them while in prison.
Perhaps we are supposed to assume that everyone who doesn’t like Blacks is a “Nazi” — perhaps even everyone who is not Politically Correct. One of those in this series of supposed “Nazis” is Benjamin Smith, who killed a Black and a Korean in drive-by shootings in Illinois last year. Another is the apparendy deranged Buford Furrow, who shot a Filipino postman in California last year after wounding several Jews in a Jewish community center. So far as we know, none of these killers was a “Nazi” in the sense of having a serious belief in National Socialism and belonging to a National Socialist group. So the way the program worked the Jewish Columbine killer Dylan Klebold into this series was to have the narrator recite a series of names of killers while their faces flashed on the screen and assert in each case that the killer is or was a “Nazi.” It went like this: James Burmeister (face), John King (face), the Columbine killers (no face), Benjamin Smith (face), Buford Furrow (face). Clever aren’t they? They know how to lie without actually lying. Even a reasonably intelligent and perceptive viewer will be tricked by this technique, unless he happens to know the facts. The facts, of course, are that Dylan Klebold was a Jew, and both he and his partner were outspoken anti-racists. But the average couch potato certainly doesn’t know that, and so he falls into the trap of believing that the perpetrators of the worst school massacre in U.S. history were “Nazis.”
Timothy McVeigh also is represented in the program as a “Nazi” and the Oklahoma City bombing as an act of Nazi terrorism. The narrator tells us: “McVeigh was a . . . neo-Nazi . . . .” There is no evidence to suggest that he was or is. What we know about him is that he hated the Clinton government and decided, after the government burned all of those women and children to death in the Branch Davidian church in Waco,
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
that he would send the government a message. We also know that he read one of my books, The Turner Diaries. If everybody who has read The Turner Diaries is a Nazi, then the media Jews really have a problem on their hands, because the number of readers is now somewhere dose to half a million. But really, that’s like saying that every-one who reads the New Testament is a Christian, and everyone who reads the Old Testament is a Jew, and everyone who reads the Koran is a Moslem.
A Nazi — a National Socialist — is a person who holds a very specific set of beliefs, a person who accepts the doctrine set -forth in Hider’s Mein Kampf, just as a Christian is a person who accepts the teachings of Jesus and the claims made in the New Testament about his miraculous origin and his resurrection, and a communist is a person who believes the economic and sodal doctrines of the Jew Karl Marx. This History Channel program starts with real Nazis — the leaders of the Bund — continues with another real Nazi of a different sort — George Lincoln Rockwell — and then deverly ties these real Nazis into a series of Jewish child molesters, antisocial freaks and exhibitionists of various sorts, and people who have committed radal killings or acts of terrorism. And it* s all done very smoothly, in a very slick way, a very Jewish way.
The aim, of course, is not only to persuade viewers that Nazis are very unpleasant people — as if more than 60 years of anti-German propaganda films from Hollywood haven’t already done that — but also to persuade us that Nazis are dangerous and that we need to do something about them. We need new laws to protect ourselves from these dangerous Nazis.
You might wonder why they don’t just tell us the truth about Nazis and let the chips fell where they may. Why not just tell us that Nazis don’t believe in equality, that Nazis don’t believe in multiculturalism and enforced diversity, that Nazis don’t believe that men and women are the same? Why not just tell us that Nazis don’t approve of homosexuality? Why not just tell us that Nazis aren’t democrats, that Nazis believe in self-suffi-
FREE SPEECH for Fabruary 2000
The Turner Diaries was featured prominently in the TV show
ciency and self-discipline and personal honor and a natural hierarchy? Why not just tell us that Nazis are racists, and they don’t like Jews? That should be enough, if all of the Jewish television propaganda about equality and diversity and democracy has had the desired effect. That should be enough to make every Politically Correct viewer hate Nazis. Why do they feel it’s necessary to lie to us and try to make us believe that Nazis are people like the Jewish child molester Frank Collin and the Jewish mass murderer Dylan Klebold? Why do they feel it’s necessary to try to make us believe that everyone who has tattoos and doesn’t like Blacks is a Nazi? Why do they feel that it’s necessary to lie to us by telling us that Nazis want to kill Catholics? Are they afraid that all of their anti-German hate propaganda and all of their Political Correctness propaganda haven’t “taken”?
I’ll tell you what they’re afraid of. They’re afraid of the truth. Listen to the part of this History Channel program that is about me — it’s about 90 minutes into the program — and they’ll tell you that all of the violence and strife in America during the past few decades is the result of people reading my books, of people listening to the ideas I talk about. If I hadn’t written The Turner Diaries, if I didn t have a radio broadcast every week, if I
weren’t on the Internet, they’ll have you believe, there wouldn’t have bee! an Oklahoma City bombing and dragging in Jasper, Texas, and a Col. umbine High School massacre, and we’d all be getting along and loving one another in multicultural comfort and security. And then they very slyly tell you: Pierce is protected by b[s right to free speech, and they say it in a way that means: Pierce was able to get away with putting people up to all of this violent activity because he hides behind the First Amendment What we need, they suggest, is new laws to keep Pierce from hiding behind the First Amendment And you know, there are a lot of couch potatoes out there, a lot of women of both sexes, who believe that
I get hate mail every day from people who ask me, “Aren’t you ashamed for causing all of those people to die in Oklahoma City?” Others blame me for the Columbine High School massacre. Really. They don’t blame the Clinton government They don’t blame the liberals for making a pigsty of America. They don’t blame the people who force the races together and generate racial hatred by doing it. That would require independent thinking. No, they blame me, and they nod their heads wisely and agree with the History Channel narrator that we need new laws to keep people like Pierce from causing violence.
The Jews and their hangers-on are afraid of the truth getting to large numbers of people, especially through new media such as the Internet, and they do want to put a stop to it. That’s why they tell the sort of lies that this History Channel program is full of. They want to scare the couch potatoes. And I want to make sure that the independent thinkers see those lies and understand that they are lies and also understand why they’re being told.
If you want to help me with this work, then this History Channel program, “Nazi America: A Secret History,” is a tool that you can use too. Talk to people you know about the lies in it. Help people to understand the poisonous and destructive way in which the Jews use their control of our mass media. Help people to
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
A
FREE SPEECH for February 2000
5
William Pierce
understand that they’re not being educated when they watch the History Channel; they’re being brainwashed; they’re being lied to. And talk about the details.
I don’t know about you, but I’m always skeptical when someone waves his arms and makes a general state-ment. I want the specifics. I want the details. I want the facts, so that I can make up my own mind. Anyway, that’s why I’ve spent so much time today talking with you about this one History Channel program. It dealt with a subject that I happen to know something about, so I could spot the lies and tell you about them. But
there are literally thousands of other programs out there which also are full of lies. When you spot one, don’t keep quiet about it. Speak out Tell other people. And let me know about it too.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Lies and the History Channel,” aired on February 5, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Illusion and Leverage
Today I’ll continue with the same general concept we talked about a few weeks ago: the house-of-cards concept. The Jews maintain their power only by maintaining an illusion, and that illusion is that most people are in agreement with their policies and programs, when in fact a very large number of people are not. The Jews have, of course, a substantial number of willing Gentile collaborators, who collaborate because they depend upon the Jews to help them maintain their own unearned advantages: the feminists, the homosexuals, the welfare rabble, the politicians, and a significant portion of the business and corporate elite. And I’m speaking of White collaborators only. I’m not even concerned about non-Whites. But all of these White collaborators could be swept away were it not for the majority of Whites who are being fooled by the illusion.
After last week’s broadcast a listener commented that the people who pretend to be shocked by Adanta Braves pitcher John Rocker’s expression of distaste for the denizens of Times Square and the New York subways are the same people who will never give an honest explanation of why they have fled the cities for the suburbs or small towns. The outflow of White families from the cities — the so-called “White flight” — is the direct consequence of the influx of non-Whites into the cities. The Whites are desperate to get away from the non-Whites — but not one in 20 will admit it. They believe that everyone
around them will condemn them if they do admit it. They are so terrified of being thought “racists” that many of them won’t even admit the truth to themselves. Instead they invent a Politically Acceptable reason for their flight: the schools are better in the suburbs because of the higher teachers’ salaries, the suburbs provide easier access to the shopping malls, or whatever.
How is this illusion maintained? Almost entirely through the Jewish control of the mass media of news and entertainment. Most people — most White Americans, anyway — like to believe that they observe the world around them and then come to objective conclusions about things. They like to believe that they are rational individuals. They like to believe that they are independent thinkers. And of course, a few of them are — but most of them, about 95 per cent of them — aren’t. They are conformists. They conform their opinions, their thinking, their attitudes, to what they believe is expected of them.
Consider religion, as an example. People are not Baptists or Lutherans or Roman Catholics or Muslims because they have examined the various religious doctrines, compared them, and then made a rational decision. In 98 per cent of the cases one is a Lutheran or a Catholic or a Muslim or a Buddhist because one’s parents and the other people in one’s community are. A thoughtful person who takes his religion seriously may be prepared to argue about it and to
defend cleverly the merits of his particular sect against the claims of a different sect, but the feet remains that his adherence to his own sect is not based on an independent decision. It was based from the beginning on conforming his beliefs to the perceived beliefs of the people around him. All of his arguments are only attempts to rationalize what in the first place was not rational. Think about it, and I’m sure you’ll agree with me.
It works a little differendy with other types of belief, but the psychology, the human element, remains the same. In America the government and the mass media don’t take a position favoring one Christian sect over another or even a position favoring Christianity over Buddhism or Islam, say. The pressure to conform in religious matters must come from family and neighbors. But in political ideology the pressure to conform comes very much from the government and even more from the mass media. And when I say pressure comes from die government, I mean all government-controlled institutions, including especially the schools. All of the media and all of the government institutions promote the belief that mass democracy, American style — television style — is the best possible form of government.
Beyond this they promote the beliefs that men and women are essentially the same, except for the configuration of their genitalia, and that it is “unfair” to treat them differ-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for Fabruary 2000
Computers and Blacks: “like blackeyed peas and collard greens”
This is an ad for a computer store in a upper middle-class, White area of Washington state.
ently in any way; that homosexuals are just like heterosexuals except for a different sexual orientation, and that it is “bigoted” to treat them differendy in any way; that Jews are clever and witty people, good at business, but honest and also sensitive and caring, and it is “hateful” to have any other ideas about them; and that Blacks and other non-Whites may look different, but under the skin they are just like us — in particular, they are just as intelligent, just as creative, just as good at solving problems, and just as inclined to accept personal responsibility.
Now, whether you personally believe these things or not, 1 think you’ll agree with me that the government and the mass media do push quite hard for conformity to these beliefs. For example, have you ever seen any television news program showing people using computers — children with computers in a classroom, say — in which a Black wasn’t shown at the keyboard? I mean, it’s like there is a rule that all news program directors must follow: you cannot show a computer unless you show a Black at the keyboard. It’s transparently obvious that they are
pushing the idea that computers and Blacks go together, like blackeyed peas and collard greens. That’s what they want the public to believe.
The reality, of course, is that com-puters are a White thing and always have been: the invention, the engi. neering, the programming, you name it. Blacks just aren’t involved. You can teach a Black to use a computer, of course, just as you can teach a chimpanzee to ride a bicycle. But computers remain in the White domain, just as bicycles remain in the human domain. And that’s certainly not because anyone is holding Blacks back. It’s a matter of aptitude and inclination. Chinamen certainly are capable of understanding the science involved, which is why under the Clinton policy of globalizing the economy much of the computer technology we developed is moving to China, and we’re now forced to buy some computer products from the Chinese. But if you ever see computer products being imported from Ghana or Zambia it will only be because someone who is not a Black has built a factory there to take advantage of the cheap labor. It will not be because a Black computer whiz in Africa has developed something on his own.
You know, most people understand this at a certain level. They know that this business of always showing Blacks at computer keyboards is a media trick, but they have a hard time resisting it. They feel a compulsion to believe that the illusion is real.
The same trick is used in other ways. If NASA has a public announcement to make about one of its scientific space probes, the chances are pretty good there will be a Black chosen to stand in front of the television cameras, make the announcement, and explain to us the science involved — unless, of course, there has been a screwup and the space probe failed to do what it was supposed to do. Then it’s OK to have a White spokesman. Or if the National Institutes of Health or the Food and Drug Administration has something important to tell us, a Black in a white lab coat will be trotted out for the cameras. The idea is to create the illusion that technology and science and progress and intelligence are
2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 $4 /l
FREE SPEECH for February 2000
7
The “German” baby of the Millennium
associated somehow with Blacks — or at least, that Blacks are just as good at that sort of thing as we are.
And as I already mentioned, it’s difficult to resist this sort of illusion. One cannot turn on a television set or pick up a mass-circulation magazine these days without seeing Blacks presented to us in White roles as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Flip through the channels, and you see Black face after Black face, and the smiling Whites all around them always are approving. Black doctors, Black businessmen, Black teachers, Black scientists, Black comedians, Black singers, Black dancers, Black announcers, Black ball players, Black detectives, Black men running off with White girls, and all the Whites around them smiling and approving. It’s almost hypnotic.
But you know, it is an illusion. The smiling Whites who are so approving of the Blacks are being paid to smile. The Whites in the television audience aren’t being paid, of course, but it’s difficult for them to resist smiling too. It’s a very primitive but very strong impulse, this need to laugh when those around you are laughing, to smile when everyone else is smiling. The television bosses understand this impulse perfectly, and they use it effectively.
And it’s not just in the United States that this illusion is being promoted. The mass media and the democratic politicians in Germany have been collaborating with the Jews for the past 55 years in an effort to foster a similar illusion in the public consciousness of the German people. The Germans always have believed that there was something special about being German, about being bom of German parents. Every German inherited through his genes something of the greatness of his nation, its history, its genius.
Of course, the French and the Russians and the English and the Irish have similar beliefs about their own nations. It’s an ethnic thing — but very undemocratic: something which the Jews and their collaborators have been trying hard to stamp out. So shortly after the beginning of this year, early on New Year’s Day, German collaborators chose a newborn baby to be the “German of the Mil-
lennium.” And of course, they didn’t choose a German baby for this distinction; they chose a Turkish baby, born in a German hospital to two Turkish “guest workers.” And for the past week politicians and the media people have been holding up this Turkish baby to television audiences in Germany as a typical German of the new millennium, and all of the collaborators and paid media people on the screen at the same time have smiled proudly whenever this announcement has been made. And unfortunately, all too many German television viewers have smiled along with them. That’s the way our people are. And so the German public gradually begins falling victim to this carefully engineered illusion that Turks and Gypsies and Pakistanis and Zulus born in Germany are really Germans, just like all other Germans.
I’ve spoken of the Jewish power structure shielded by this illusion as a “house of cards.” That’s a reasonable term to use, I believe, but let’s try now to understand it a little better. If tonight Washington and New York City and Hollywood all were devastated by massive earthquakes — if most of the people and the institutions which generate and maintain the illusion in America — suddenly were destroyed, the house of cards
would not immediately come tumbling down. In fact, the illusion would not instandy be replaced by a clear view of reality. Illusions have a tendency to persist for a while. People who were deceived by the illusion would continue deceiving themselves for a while; they would continue clinging to the illusion. Many people would need guidance in freeing themselves from the illusion and gaining a firm grasp on reality. Providing that guidance would be a far easier task and require much less work than the work the Jews and their collaborators have put into building the illusion. The truth does have its advantages. But still, uprooting the illusion and pulling down the house of cards would not be something that could be accomplished overnight.
There’s another important consideration: the organizational consideration. If a minority wants to maintain its control over a majority — especially if a substantial number of the members of that majority don’t want to be controlled — then the controlling minority needs to have an effective organizational structure through which to exercise its control. The organizational structure provides the necessary leverage which a numerical minority needs in order to control an unwilling majority.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for Fabruary 2000
Well, that’s pretty simple and obvious, 1 guess, but it’s still some* thing to think about in coming to an understanding of our situation. The rule is this: the larger the disparity in numbers, the more the organizational leverage that is required; and the greater the leverage needed, the less is die stability. Which is why the Jews are pushing a number of long-range programs to decrease our numbers, both absolutely and in relation to the feminists, homosexuals, non-Whites, and the others in their camp. At the moment their situation is still quite precarious, in that without governmental compulsion they could not maintain their control; illusion alone would not hold their house of cards up.
At this time, however, they have both: they have the machinery of illusion in their hands, and they have organizational leverage. And they need both. If someone could put a big enough monkey wrench into the gears of the illusion machinery to shut it down for an extended period, the leverage would become very shaky indeed. The politicians and the bureaucrats and the secret police agencies and the military people don’t do the will of the Jews because they love the Jews. They do it because they are part of an organization, part of the governmental establishment Their paychecks come from the government, and they are hoping that one day their pensions also will come from the government But the government itself still is based on the idea of popular support, on the idea of elections and votes. When the illusion machinery is no longer available to control the votes, the politicians will be making new calculations, and so will the head bureaucrats. In every case it will be their own advantage they will be seeking, of course. Patriotism is a thing of the past
On the other hand, if a big enough monkey wrench could be thrown into the government’s gears, then even a fairly small number of determined people could wreck the illusion machinery, and 1 believe it’s not necessary for me to explain how that could be done. But now the government and the illusion machinery support each other, and I don’t know
of anyone who has a big enough monkey wrench to shut down either of them. That’s a shortcoming to which we must address ourselves.
Anyway, do you remember the miniature civil war in Russia back in the early part of the Yeltsin era, in September and October 1993? That was just six years ago. Boris Yeltsin, of course, was the candidate of the Jews — sort of the Bill Clinton of Russia. He had been elected only with the all-out support of the mass media — especially the television networks, which then as now were under the tight control of the Jews, most notably Boris Berezovsky and Vladimir Gussinsky. Progressive Russian patriots, along with conservative elements from the earlier era, tried to take the organizational machinery away from Yeltsin — which is to say, away from the Jews. The Russian legislature — the Duma — voted to depose Yeltsin, but without anyone to take his place immediately the Army and the KGB continued to take their orders from him.
Patriots stormed the Russian parliament building in Moscow and also the main television station there. They broke through the troops around the parliament building, the so-called White House, seized the building, and barricaded themselves inside. They did not succeed in taking the main television station, however, because the KGB had its toughest troops — its elite troops — guarding the place. They were far more concerned about protecting the television headquarters — about maintaining their hold on the machinery of illusion — than they were about holding onto the White House and its legislative machinery. When the patriots tried to storm Berezovsky’s television station, the KGB troops simply machine-gunned them, and they died in the streets. Keeping the population entranced with the usual television fare, it was then a simple matter to send tanks against the White House. Yeltsin had die Russian Army shelling the White House with tanks to drive out the patriots. And so Yeltsin and his gang — which is to say, the Jews - were able to hang onto power. How different it might have been if the Russian patriots had succeeded in
taking over the machinery of illusion at the same time they were barricaded in the White House! A day or two of control of Russian television by a crew of intelligent patriots could have been enough to bring hundreds of thousands of ordinary Russians into the streets and also to cause the Army and KGB bosses to make new calculations.
We might also note that organizational leverage works at the international level pretty much as it works at the national level. During the 1993 crisis in Russia, the Jews and their collaborators over here were sweating the outcome. I don’t know what threats and promises were made behind the scenes, but I can imagine. It’s clear that any small country, without nuclear weapons, that doesn’t take orders will get the same treatment Serbia got. It would have been quite a bit more difficult for the Jews if things had gone better for the patriots in Russia in 1993. And things still may take a turn for the better in Russia. Certainly, even a nuclear war, if it unhinges the leverage or wrecks the machinery of illusion, will be better than a continuation of the present course of events. The best chance for avoiding a nuclear war, however, and also for unhinging the Jews’ international leverage, would be to put a big enough monkey wrench into the organizational machinery here so that the U.S. government cannot exercise the Jews’ will against any other country using cruise missiles, the way it did against Iraq and Serbia.
Well, all of my talk today hasn’t provided anything in the way of a concrete plan of action, but perhaps it may help us focus our thinking a little better when we do work out a plan. For now what we must do is continue reaching our people in every way we can. I’ll be happy to have your help in this endeavor.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Illusion and Leverage,” aired on January 8, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330
. Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 2000
9
Capitalism and Equality
Egalitarianism is the most poisonously false and destructive myth ever foisted on our people.
I was amused last week when America’s top baseball commissars ordered that Adanta Braves pitcher John Rocker undergo psychiatric testing because he said that he finds New York City a depressing place, filled with queers and non-Whites.
What does that remind you of? What other country can you think of that, within recent memory, used to pack dissidents off to mental hospitals to silence them? What other regime claimed that anyone who deviated from the party line obviously must be crazy and needed treatment?
I am sure that the commissars of big baseball didn’t see the humor in their response to John Rocker’s comments. All they saw was someone who was rocking their gravy train and needed to be slapped down before he caused some gravy to be spilled. After all, baseball is big business. It’s show business, with its multimillion-dollar celebrity contracts, its glitzy advertising, and its total dependence on television for bringing its product to the couch potatoes. The commissars of television were not happy with John Rocker’s derogatory comments about their favorite city, and so the commissars of big baseball fell all over themselves scrambling to show that they also were not happy. And they didn’t even notice the irony in their choice of methods to show their unhappiness. Here we had big capitalists dealing with an ideological dissident in exacdy the same way the big communists used to deal with one: first make him publicly confess his guilt, and then either a bullet in the back of the head or compulsory psychiatric treatment.
The aim in both cases, of course, is to convince the public that it’s a bad, bad thing to contradict the party line. Only crazy people do that. If you don’t want everyone to think you’re crazy you’d better keep your toes right on the party line. That’s the way good people behave. That’s the way sane people behave. In other words, it’s crazy not to like to ride the New York subways with AIDS-infected queers, Black criminals, and welfare moms and their pickaninnies. It’s crazy not to just love the glitzy, alien, decadent diversity of Times Square.
In the last two broadcasts we’ve talked about why the commissars are so afraid of dissent that they feel it’s necessary to go to such lengths to discredit publicly anyone who dissents. Basically it’s because they understand that their gravy train depends on maintaining an illusion, and any dissent threatens that illusion. It’s interesting to note here that while the Jewish media bosses have their own specific reasons for maintaining the illusion — reasons that we discussed in earlier broadcasts — the Gentile capitalists of big baseball also have reasons. In the first place, they must keep the Jewish capitalists of television happy in order to assure the continuation of their lucrative collaboration; and in the second place, they don’t like anyone who gets out of line, anyone who may change things in an unpredictable way, anyone who might be a threat to their profits. They want their employees to keep their mouths shut and do what they’re told.
In addition to their attitude toward dissidents, there are other sim-
ilarities between the communist regime of the defunct Soviet Union and the Clintonista regime under which we live in the United States today. You know, there are several reasons why communism has failed so disastrously everywhere it has been imposed on White people, on Europeans. It may work with Asians or with Africans; it may work with mestizos; but it doesn’t work with White people. One reason, of course, is that in Europe it was originally promoted and implemented by Jews for the purpose of exploiting the people it purported to be helping. The Jews used communism to bleed one nation after another dry.
Communism would have failed even under Aryan leadership because it was based on a false view of human nature — at least, on a false view of our nature: which is to say, it was based on egalitarianism — the notion that we are all basically the same — and on the idea that we all should work only for the common good, like bees in a hive, and not for ourselves.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
Egalitarianism is the most poison-ously false and destructive myth ever foisted on our people. Though it is contrary to even die most cursory observation of the real world, egalitarianism has its destructive power in its appeal to the inferior, to die envious, and to the resentful. It says to the loser, to the sluggard, to the dull, the clumsy, and the drab: “You are just as deserving as the winner; you are just as strong and agile, just as bright and creative, just as imaginative and energetic, just as brave and skillful, just as Beautiful and admirable in every way. The only reason you are a loser and he is a winner is that you have been cheated, and he has Been given an unfair advantage.”
Charlatans and Jews have used this line over and over again to tear down Aryan societies. Whenever we have relaxed our vigilance and permitted the rabble to become too numerous, those who hate us have gone to the rabble and preached the same sermon: “The first shall be last, and the last shall be first” And the rabble have responded and helped the charlatans pull down their betters and destroy the society.
That is the sermon the Jews preached to the rabble in Russia in order to incite them to destroy first the aristocrats and then the professionals and the middle class and finally the whole society. The rabble believed the Jews when the Jews told them they were just as good as the aristocrats and the middle class, just as able and just as deserving, but of course, they weren’t as good, and after they had helped the Jews murder their betters, Russian society didn’t work as well as before. Things started running downhill.
And what finally killed off the Soviet Union was the other underlying principle of communism: namely, that people should work only for the benefit of the hive, of the mob, not for their own benefit: “From each according to his ability; to each according to his need,” was what the Jewish aposde of communism, Karl Marx, preached. That appealed gready to the losers, to those with much need and little ability, but it didn’t do much to inspire those with ability to work harder. Output fell, and not even the threat of firing squads to punish so-called “saboteurs” and “wreckers” could make them work
FREE SPEECH for Fabruary 2000
harder or more carefully or more creatively. Pilfering from one s workplace became the national pastime in the Soviet Union, because bosses had no really strong incentive to prevent it. Since everything theoretically belonged to everyone, everyone felt no compunction about helping himself to what he wanted when the commissar was looking the other way.
In the United States today one still can work for oneself, and an able person still is permitted to succeed and to benefit from his own efforts — despite all the efforts of the Clintonis-tas. The growing burden of taxes — and even worse, of government regulations and quotas and paperwork — has not succeeded in killing our ambition and our entrepreneurial spirit yet, but the Clintonistas still are working hard on it. Anyone in business for himself can feel their hatred and resentment.
It is the egalitarianism which is killing us here. It is the insistence that we all are equal, regardless of race, color, creed, sex, sexual orientation, IQ, work habits, character, morality, accomplishment, you name it. And I don’t mean just equal before the law, implying everyone deserves a fair trial and so on. The promoters of egalitarianism are insisting on sameness, especially across racial and sexual lines. For example, if more Black drivers are being pulled over by the highway patrol, it must be that White cops are behaving in a racist way and deliberately targeting Blacks. It can’t be that Blacks actually are committing more offenses, because they are the same as Whites in every way. So we have the current egalitarian pretense of indignation about the alleged offense of “driving while Black.”
And it’s the same with Black behavior in schools. The fact that Blacks are suspended or expelled from school far more often than Whites is prima facie evidence that White school officials are behaving in a racist manner, because, as everyone knows, Blacks behave the same as Whites. And the fact that Blacks don’t perform as well on tests and are much more likely to flunk courses and fail bar examinations again is proof of institutional racism, because, as we all know, Blacks are just as smart as Whites. They have the same intelligence, the same problem-solving ability, so that in the absence of rac-
ism their performance will be the same as that of Whites.
And of course, crime statistics prove the same thing. The fact that Blacks are convicted of murder eight times more often than Whites on a per capita basis shows that the criminal justice system is biased against Blacks. That’s what the egalitarians want us to believe. It couldn’t be that Blacks are different, that their brains are wired differently, and that they are predisposed to criminal behavior. And the fact that heterosexual Black males are 14 times as likely as heterosexual White males to be HIV carriers just proves that the health-care system also is biased against Blacks; certainly, it’s not that Blacks have any sort of biological predisposition to become infected with the virus. Oh, my goodness, no!
Homosexuals, according to the egalitarians, differ in no way from normal men except in the things they do to each other in the privacy of their bedrooms, and since those things are none of our business and have no relationship to anything else they do, we should treat homosexuals just as if they were normal. The fact that the things homosexuals do in their bedrooms are only one facet of a homosexual personality syndrome is something we’re not supposed to notice. We’re not supposed to notice that homosexuals, in fact, are different in their behavior and attitudes from normal men, and that their homosexuality colors every aspect of their lives. We’re supposed to believe that aside from what goes on in the bedroom they’re the same as normal men.
This sameness is an article of faith with the egalitarians. If one questions it, one is asking to be forced to submit to psychiatric examination. The relevant aspect of all of this for us is that this is even more true in the capitalist society we have in America today than it was in the communist society of the Soviet Union. I say “even more true,” because even though egalitarianism was the party line in the Soviet Union, fewer people there believed it. During the greater part of their reign, the communists didn’t have television as a tool for controlling the public’s thinking. They had the KGB, and so television wasn’t quite so necessary for keeping people in line as it is in the United States. If you can make a man do
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/ye&r
what you want with the threat of a bullet, then it’s not quite so important to twist his thinking into line with your propaganda.
And die thing for us to note is that the big capitalists in the United States today are as much enforcers of egalitarianism as the Clintonistas are and as the communists in the Soviet Union were. It wasn’t a bunch of communists or Clintonistas who ordered John Rocker to undergo psychiatric testing last week because he inadvertendy let slip the fact that he doesn’t believe in equality. It was a bunch of capitalists: baseball capitalists, show-biz capitalists.
Baseball capitalists certainly aren’t exceptional among capitalists in this regard. Pick up any slick magazine and look at the fiill-page advertisements for clothing, cars, cigarettes, and other consumer items. Racial mixing is more and more a theme of advertising these days. Mixed-race models — mulattos, quadroons, and octoroons, some of them so light that it’s hard to tell what race they are — are in big demand for ads. The Madison Avenue companies that design the ads are mosdy Jewish, of course, but the big manufacturing corporations which pay for the ads are mosdy Gentile. The big corporate bosses aren’t forced to be egalitarians. No one needs to twist their arms. If egalitarianism is in, they want to be on the bandwagon. If it will sell, they want to be the ones selling it, and they couldn’t care less that it’s a communist idea.
It’s not that America’s capitalists today are communists at heart. And it’s certainly not that free enterprise is fundamentally rotten. It isn’t. What’s rotten is the breed of capitalists we have in America today. They didn’t used to be such a rotten bunch. Henry Ford, one of America’s great capitalists, was a man of principle who stood up to the Jews. And generally there was the conviction that success and wealth were achieved through hard work, self discipline, and strong principles. Of course, nearly all of our capitalists before the Second World War were fervent anticommunists, because they never did much care for the idea of sharing their wealth; they didn’t care for the beehive principle of communism. But they also were not egalitarians. In fact, hardly anyone was, capitalist or not.
FREE SPEECH for February 2000
What is she?
Racially unidentifiable models are in big demand for ads. Pants that look like they have paint on them are also “in.”
Fifty or 60 years ago we all would have laughed at the notion that women should serve in submarine crews or share foxholes with men in combat, notions with which today’s big capitalists are perfecdy happy. Men certainly didn’t look down on their women, but we knew that men and women weren’t the same. We understood that their natural roles in our society were not the same, but were complementary.
Of course, we wouldn’t have laughed at the suggestion that Black men should be permitted to sleep with White women or that Black drill instructors should be permitted to give orders to White women trainees or that Hollywood films should portray White women and Black men in romantic or sexual relationships. We would have strung up the promoters
11
of such destructive filth. And the big capitalists then didn’t really disagree with us on these things. Certainly, they would not have suggested that someone who said he didn’t like riding next to diseased queers or Black criminals on the subway needed a psychiatric examination.
What all of this leads us to is the conclusion that capitalists, like the rest of us, have declined morally during the 20th century. About all we can say in their favor today is that they are not fundamentally malevolent, as the Clintonistas are. The big capitalists are not really seeking the destruction of our race or our civilization — but they’re perfecdy willing to see it happen, if it will lead to greater profits for them in the short run. In that sense they’re better than the communists and the Clintonistas. But that’s not really saying much for them.
Capitalists, of course, like the rest of us, can be deceived. They can be brainwashed by Jewish propaganda. But that’s not the primary reason most of them are behaving so badly these days. They are smarter than the average person — at least, the big capitalists, the most successful capitalists, are smarter and more perceptive than the average couch potato. They’re not as easily fooled. The ones I have known who go along with the Jews don’t do so because they’ve been fooled. Actually, in private they’re a pretty cynical bunch. What they lack is not intelligence, not understanding, but principles, a moral sense. Really, all they care about is themselves and their profits.
In a society without Jews, a society without the sort of destructive television propaganda that bombards us every day, big capitalists could play a constructive role. Aim them in the right direction, and their energy, ambition, and intelligence can accomplish a great deal. But the way they are aimed now, they aren’t much better than the Clintonistas. In other words, George Bush, Jr., may not lead America to hell with quite the same speed and enthusiasm as A1 Gore would, but under Bush hell will remain our ultimate destination just as surely.
We really need two things to restore America to health. We need to break the Jews’ influence on the public — we need to take all of their propaganda media away from them —
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
and wc need to have principled leadership, which is something we haven’t had for a long, long time. The reaction of the mass media to John Rocker’s frank comments about New York shows us the first part of the problem. The decision of the baseball capitalists to order Rocker to have psychiatric testing shows us the second part.
Dealing with the first part of the problem is our easier task, though it is hard enough. Even now we are reaching a small but significant portion of White America. We aren’t reaching the couch potatoes, of course; television is required for that. But, with your support, we are beginning to make a small difference in the thinking of independent-minded
FREE SPEECH for Fabruary 2000
Americans. The leadership stratum is becoming aware that the feelings and thoughts we represent must be taken into account. As we keep on pushing, keep on reaching more and more Americans with our message, we will force at least some of America’s non-Jewish leaders to begin making new calculations about what is in their best interests. And let us remember that that is all that matters to them; their own interests. They collaborate with the Jews now, but tney will turn against the Jews without a moment’s hesitation when they have been convinced that collaboration is no longer in their best interests. Understanding that certainly gives us encouragement to persevere.
Ultimately, however, we do need more. We do need to have principled
leadership, moral leadership. That may require a fundamental restructur. ing of our society. In fact, I am con. vinced that it will. That’s what the National Alliance is working for in the long run: not just getting rid of the Jews and their influence, but giving direction to our people under rincipled leadership. And you can elp us with that difficult but essen* tial task.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Capitalism and Equality,’’ aired on January 15, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Reality Check
It’s time for a reality check. One of the ways in which I try to keep up with what’s going on in the world is watching a coupie of televised news programs every day, For week after week I’ve been saturated with Elian Gonzales, as if the business of deciding whether or not the boy goes back to his father in Cuba or stays with other relatives in Miami is the most important thing happening in the world today.
Now, I can understand that at least part of the reason for this saturation coverage of the Elian Gonzales situation is based on the mentality of the average television news viewer. The couch potatoes probably have nothing better to do than worry about where Elian ends up. They’d rather get the latest installment in the Elian soap opera than know what’s really happening in the world.
I hope, however, that you’ll pardon me for suspecting that in addition to the strictly commercial desire on the part of CNN and other news presenters to cater to the feminine tastes of the couch potatoes by larding their news heavily with this “human interest” mush, there’s an intentional effort by the media bosses to distract the viewers and keep them from thinking too much shout the real world and the real issues. Give them a steady diet of ball games and Elian Gonzales updates, and they won’t ask too many questions about the important things.
Contrast the Elian Gonzales coverage with news about what’s happening in Serbia’s Kosovo province. The latest news from there is the rape and murder of an 11-year-old Albanian girl by one of Madeleine Albright’s occupation soldiers. That’s a terrible thing, but it’s hardly the most terrible thing that’s been happening in Kosovo since Madeleine sent the troops in. There’s virtually no mention on network television news programs in America about the ongoing ethnic cleansing of the Serbs by the Albanians under the cover of our occupation troops. Serb women are kidnapped, raped, and murdered every week by Albanians in Kosovo. There’s a transparendy deliberate effort on the part of the Albanians to terrorize the Serbs and drive them out of the province, with the help of Madeleine’s troops. And we almost never hear about these anti-Serb activities from the mainstream media. It leads me to suspect, cynic that 1 am. that the news about the rape and murder of the Albanian girl by one of Albright’s soldiers is being presented to us to allay our suspicions that what’s happening in Kosovo province is being concealed from us. The media bosses can say, “Look, we told you about the murder of this Albanian girl, and it certainly wasn’t in our interests to do so. It makes our fellow Jew Madeleine look bad. So you see, you can trust us. We tell you what’s happening, whether it suits our own purpose or not.
But of course, as a rule they don t really tell us what’s happening when it doesn’t suit their purpose. And they do seem to be succeeding in keeping the couch potatoes distracted. What the Roman emperors learned 2,000 years ago about keeping the urban rabble from becoming resdess bv supplying them with lots of spectacles in the Colosseum still works. I get a lot of letters from listeners who are pretty good examples of this sort of thing: people who are so distracted by the unimportant things that they don t notice the important things. Many listeners tell me that I should comment on the efforts of the Blacks, Jews, and liberals to force the White citizens of South Carolina to abandon their flag. The Blacks and their boosters complain that the flag reminds them of the time in the not too distant past when Blacks in the United States were plantation slaves. The Whites reply, No, no,” it’s just a reminder of pur Southern heritage. “The flag isn’t a racist symbol,” they say.
Well, of course, I sympathize with the desire of anyone to preserve his heritage or to fly the flag of his choice, but this Confederate flag issue is as much a distraction as the Elian Gonzales issue. It’s simply not important. And I say that as a true son of
the South. My great-great-grandfather
on my mother s side of the family was Thomas Hill Watts, attorney general of the Confederacy under Jefferson Davis and later governor of Alabama. His photograph is on the $10 Con-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV
24946 • $40/yeai
FREE SPEECH for February 2000
13
Confederate ten dollar bill
federate bill. He also had been a member of the council of secession which voted for secession from the Union, and then he served as a colo-nel in the Confederate Army, com-
manding the 17n Alabama infantry Regiment in the bloody battle of Corinth, Mississippi. But whether or not his flag continues to fly from various public buildings in the South is completely inconsequential in the face of other things which are happening in the South every day. And you don’t have to live in the South to know what those things are; they’re happening ail over America. One White man murdered by Blacks, one White woman raped by Blacks, one White child terrorized in a school restroom by Blacks, one politician in Washington allowed to go unhanged is a greater tragedy than taking down the Confederate flag from any state-house.
You know, the various organizations which are busy defending the Confederate flag today always assert that the flag is not a racist symbol. But of course, it is and always has been. My great-great-grandfather, Governor Watts, never heard the word “racist” The jews hadn’t invented it as a term of opprobrium yet. But by every common standard in use today he was a racist. Certainly not all, but many of his fellow Southerners did not approve of the institution of slavery. They would have been happy to be able to oudaw the institution and to ship every Negro and every mulatto and every quadroon to Africa and set them free. But to a man they were racists, by today s media standards. They were racists because they recognized the simple fact of racial differences. Most of them had no animosity toward Blacks before the war: before the Blacks were turned loose to terrorize White Southerners. But if my great-great-grandfather or any other Southern gendeman had seen a Black male put his hands on a White woman or make a suggestive remark to a White woman, he would have drawn his sidearm and put a quick end to that Black without giving the matter a second thought. Of course, Northerners pretty well felt the same way about things. They were as much racists as the Southerners. There just weren’t any Southern gendemen in the North — or many gendemen of any sort — to keep things in order.
If we could use a time machine and go back in time 140 or 150 years and take with us a VCR and a monitor and a few video cassettes of recent Hollywood films or television shows or even news programs with street scenes in Montgomery and Adanta and Richmond today and play them for my great-great-grandfather and a hundred or so of his most influential friends and explain to them that this is what the jews would be saturating the consciousness of White Americans with in the future . . . well, if we could do that, they simply wouldn’t believe us. They wouldn’t believe that their descendants could become so degraded in a mere four or five generations as to permit such things to happen: so degraded as to acquiesce in such things. But if we somehow could convince them that our videotapes weren’t fraudulent, they would have understood that much more was at stake than political independence for the South. They would have understood that survival of the race was at stake, and they would have fought even harder and more valiandy than they did, because in those days there was no shame in fighting for one’s people, for one’s race. Anyway, I bring this up just as a reminder that we aren’t the only ones who have failed to focus on the really important issues at hand. Throughout history our people have been distracted by inconsequential issues and have neglected the crucial ones.
So what’s more important today than the latest ball game and what happens to Elian Gonzales? Really, it’s exacdy what was important 140 years ago. My great-great-grandfather and the other leaders of the South
should have been concerned first and foremost about the racial issue — not about economic issues or political issues or anything else. There was a disagreement between the North and the South on the issue of slavery, of course, but there was plenty of common ground on the racial issue. Before the war neither Northerners nor Southerners wanted racial mixing. If it hadn’t been for the economic aspects of slavery, an agreement very likely could have been reached to send all Blacks back to Africa. President Lincoln looked favorably on such a plan even after the war.
Without the slavery issue, the warmongers probably wouldn’t have been able to get a war started. But Southerners who wanted to keep the institution of slavery for purely economic reasons put these economic reasons ahead of the racial interests of their people. They didn’t understand the degree to which their racial interests were threatened. And so we had a bloody and destructive civil war, and even worse — much worse — we failed to solve the racial problem when it might have been solved with relatively litde trauma.
So today we have a racial catastrophe in both the North and the South, and the Jews are pumping their lies and filth into all of us every day. And instead of focusing on these real problems, most of us let ourselves be distracted by utterly inconsequential issues such as Elian Gonzales and where the Confederate flag can be flown.
I’ll go over that again: reality is that we are being pushed rapidly toward racial extinction. Reality is that
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
the Jews are controlling the minds of a majority of our people for the specific purpose of keeping us headed toward extinction. Those are the real problems which we must deal with. Forget about Elian Gonzales and Fidel Castro and the Confederate flag. Forget about ball games and the economy and whether a Democratic crook or a Republican crook should be elected later this year. Think about racial survival and racial freedom; that’s all that matters. Really, nothing else counts in the least.
That’s why you hear some repetition if you listen to many of my broadcasts. I keep coming back to the important things over and over again. Of course, I do talk about many inconsequential things as well. I use them as illustrations, as examples, which help us understand better the important things. And I also talk about unimportant things because I must consider my audience. I must talk about the things the members of my audience believe to be important so that I can catch their interest and then lead them to the truly important things.
Here’s an example which ties in again to the Civil War. A lot of men — overaged kids, really — like to play soldier. They like to reenact various historic batdes, and Civil War battles are among their favorites. They like to get out on the battlefield and pretend that they are members of real military units of the past — such as my great-
great-grandfather’s 17th Alabama Infantry Regiment — and then they fire blanks at each other and maneuver around as they imagine it actually happened. They pride themselves gready on the authenticity of their uniforms and equipment. They will spend thousands of dollars for various bits and pieces of uniforms, and they will pore over old dispatches and memoirs to make sure that they’ve got all of the details right — all of the details except one, that is: the mindset of the soldiers who actually fought the real batdes. Talk to one of these Confederate make-believe soldiers sometime. The first thing he will assure you is that the fact he likes to play soldier in a Confederate uniform doesn’t mean he is a racist. No, no, no! Far from id In fact, he will try to persuade you that the real Confederate soldiers weren’t racists either, but instead were models of Political Correctness. Fake
FREE SPEECH for Fabruary 2000
Gov. Thomas Hill Watts
ammunition and fake beliefs. No more integrity or honesty than most of the supporters of the Confederate flag. They cling to the trivial and deny the important.
I really have to hold my tongue when I talk with these people. But I do talk with them. An interest in history certainly is a healthier sign than no interest in history. So I talk with some of these make-believe soldiers about military history, and sometimes the conversation can be steered into more important matters.
I believe that one of our biggest problems today is that our comfort level does not match our situation. We are far, far more comfortable than we ought to be, considering our situation. As a race teetering on the brink of extinction, we should be naked, starving, freezing, and covered with painful sores from head to foot. We should be miserable, frightened, and desperate. Then perhaps we would be better able to understand what is important and what is not. But when we spend our time chatting on our cell phones while tooling around in our BMWs, we have a hard time keeping our priorities right.
Of course, back in the 1930s, during the Great Depression, many Americans were uncomfortable. They had lost their farms, their homes, their businesses. They couldn’t feed their families. They stood in breadlines. They were cold and miserable. But they still let themselves be tricked into turning to Franklin Roosevelt and being led into the crudest, bloodiest and most destructive war in the
history of the world, a war to save communism and the Jews from die Germans. So what that tells us is that being uncomfortable is not in itself enough. We need to have leaders whose priorities are right, and those leaders need to have open lines of communication to the mass of people, and then the people need to become uncomfortable enough pay attention to what’s happening. When the right message can be gotten to the people, that’s when they need to be hit hard on the side of the head with a two-by-four to catch their attention.
Well, the discomfort is coming, believe me, and it’s going to be a lot more painful than being hit with a two-by-four. That’s good. That's necessary. But will we be ready to benefit from the discomfort? At the end of the Civil War my great-great-grandfa-ther got a good dose of discomfort. He was kicked out of his job as governor by an enemy army, He was treated as a war criminal, because he had made the mistake of being on the losing side. His plantation was burned, along with a huge warehouse full of baled cotton, which represented most of his actual wealth. He was no longer a rich and powerful man, no longer a member of the Southern aristocracy. He was ripe for getting his thinking straightened out. But of course, it was too late for him to benefit from a new understanding. If he had understood before the war what he understood after the war, I am sure that he would have tried to persuade his fellow Southerners to adopt a wiser course than secession. Or failing that, he would have fought with more desperation at the battle of Corinth and perhaps turned that into a Southern victory instead of a Southern defeat.
What happened to the South reminds me of what happened nearly 130 years later to the people of South Africa. In the 1970s and 1980s they were fat and happy. They had built a rich, White country in the southern part of the African continent. They had wonderfully productive forms, industries, mines. They had gleaming cities of glass and steel. And they had lots of cheap, Black labor, which was making the richest South Africans even richer. But even the ordinary South Africans with whom I spoke had Black gardeners and Black cooks and Black cleaning women and
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 2000
15
Black baby-sitters. And they weren’t concerned at all about the future. Black terrorism was simply keeping them on their toes a bit, giving their superb armed forces a little realistic training. They even had nuclear weapons.
I told them, get rid of your Black workers. Do your own dirty work. Accept a lower standard of living for a while by depending entirely on the White labor force. Don’t trust your Christian churches and Christian ministers: they will turn on you. And understand that it is not the Soviet Union which is your mortal enemy, but the United States. Communism has infected your Black masses, but White South Africans are in no danger of becoming infected by it. It is greedy capitalism, which puts profit and comfort ahead of race, which you must beware of. And above all, beware of the Jews.
And of course, they were sure that they knew better. They were offended by my warnings about their church. There was a special bond between church and people in South Africa, they assured me. The church supported apartheid. The Dutch Reformed Church would always stand by White South Africans. As for the Jews, they were God’s Chosen People — the Bible says so — and besides their interests were the same as those of the Whites. The only Jews who were hostile to White South Africans were ones like Harry Oppenheimer, Helen Suzman, Joe Slovo, and a few other Jew communists, I was told. And as for getting rid of their Black workers, that was ridiculous. They could keep their Blacks under control, they assured me. Blacks are like children. They need the White man to tell them what to do. They know that they could never run the country by themselves. And so on.
So now the South Africans have lost their country. Their church betrayed them. Shortly before the vote to end White rule, the church had a revelation from on high and announced that it had been wrong in supporting apartheid. Apartheid was not the Christian way, the church announced. Today the Dutch Reformed Church even accepts Black members. The White South Africans were right about one thing, however. Blacks are like children, and they cannot run the country. That’s why it is
The old South Africa
sinking rapidly into barbarism and anarchy under Black rule today.
The White South African population as a whole has undergone the equivalent of being whopped hard on the side of the head with a two-by-four. Their farmers are being murdered on a regular basis. Their women are being gang-raped by Blacks on an unprecedented scale, and a gang-rape by Blacks is almost equivalent to a death sentence, because of the prevalence of HIV infection among South African Blacks. Many White South Africans, who used to be assured of good employment and a high standard of
living are now unemployed and destitute, without even enough money to leave the country. The ones who still have good employment huddle in walled compounds patrolled by armed guards and ringed with razor wire. In some areas they will venture out only in convoys. Johannesburg, which used to be a clean, decent, and safe city, now has the highest murder rate in die world.
All of this has done wonders to make White South Africans receptive to truth and to open their eyes to reality. But, just as in the case of my great-great-grandfather and the other Southern gendemen of his era, it’s really too late for the truth to be helpful to them.
What about White Americans? When will they understand that what happens to Elian Gonzalez and to the Confederate flag and whether the Democrats or the Republicans win this year are totally and completely unimportant? When will they understand that the only important things now are the fact that America is being overrun by non-Whites and the fact that the Jews control the organs of public opinion?
I don’t know whether it will be too late or not. About all we can do now is try to hit as many of them as we can on the side of die head with a two-by-four.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Reality Check” aired on January 29, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid Reality Check.
MpmsubBcripUon helps to
Name:
Mail to:
...................................... National
Address:
Vanguard Books P.O.Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year