Tree ,
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak and write.	|
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREESPEECH
Their Coftempi;
Wat!WilliiAxMffirce^

i
••
^Freedom l)ri William' Here 111
Time! to Blastj
■
— John Adams, 1765

DffiSraliam Pierce
FREE SPEECH ‘AUGUST 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. VIII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored P^?*c ”f program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of thes^eissuellr $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the F Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Why We Deserve Their Contempt
fQi^F|edqm
81
ISIl
I receive letters from many people who tell me about the things that concern them — especially about the things that they believe are important and that they want me to address in one of these broadcasts. Their concerns cover a wide range. Some people tell me, “You should talk about the Freemasons. Masons are involved in every aspect of the conspiracy Co destroy our civilization and impose the New World Order on us.”
Well, maybe so. I really don’t know much about Freemasonry. I do know some people who are Masons, though, and I’m quite sure that if the Masonic organizations to which they belong are engaged in some sort of sinister conspiracy, the fellows I know haven’t been let in on it. It could be
that at the higher levels — 32nc* degree and so on — there’s a lot of nasty stuff going on that they don’t tell the rank and file about. Certainly many men who should have been hanged,
drawn, and quartered for their crimes against our people — mosdy politicians of one stripe or another — are or have been Masons. But I just don’t know enough about Freemasonry to talk about it
mwm
p pxjB
							
Other people who write to me are quite concerned about the Federal Reserve System. They tell me that it’s illegal, that there’s some sort of legal irregularity in the way the system was set up. They tell me that it’s a system designed to enrich a few bankers at the expense of everyone else. They tell me that it’s a Jewish system, and they point to the very Jewish chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, Alan Greenspan. And they tell me that the Federal Reserve System is at the root of our problems and that I should talk about it
Well, the reason I don’t talk about the Federal Reserve System is, first, I don’t know anything about it or about banking systems in general. I’ve heard too many people talking about the Federal Reserve who also don’t know anything about it, and I don’t want to embarrass myself. Second, even if everything these Federal Reserve enthusiasts say about the-Fed-
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
cral Reserve System being illegal and a big drain on the economy is true, I’m not convinced that it’s something I need to explain in an American Dissident Voices broadcast Perhaps I’m wrong. Perhaps someday I’ll understand it well enough and believe that it’s important enough for me to explain the problems associated with it in a clear way to everyone else.
Most of my broadcasts have been related in one way or another to the two issues that 1 believe are most important for us to understand and to deal with. These central issues, around which everything else revolves, are race and the Jews. We can figure out how to straighten out our banking system after we have regained control of our mass media and won the demographic batde. If we don’t win that, we’ll have no chance to deal with banking or anything else.
Of course, I do talk about other issues. For example, I’ve discussed various aspects of feminism in my broadcasts. But every time I’ve talked about feminism at any length I have pointed out that the principal promoters of this pathology have been Jews. Certainly the 1963 book by Jewess Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique, was the Das Kapital of the modern feminist movement, and a great many of the other feminist writers and publicists also were Jews. More important, the feminist movement would have remained on the fringes of our society, populated mosdy by lesbians, if it had not been for the enthusiastic and continuing support of the Jewish mass media, which made feminism Politically Correct on college campuses.
And I have pointed out that the reason feminism is important is not that it has made many women neurotic and has made many men as well as many women very unhappy, but that it is race-threatening. Feminism is not important because of its effects on the economy by changing the composition of the work force. It is not important because it opens up new careers for women or because it relieves men of the need to be chivalrous or protective toward women. Feminism is important for just one reason, and that reason is racial. Feminism has drastically lowered the
Communism was created and financed by Jews.
White birthrate: it is now well below the replacement rate, and the race will die out if the birthrate is not raised once again above the replacement level. Even more immediately threatening, the White race, which is the race on which feminism has wreaked its havoc, will be swamped by the non-White races, where feminism has not taken hold. Feminism takes women out of the home and puts them in the workplace. Feminism leads women to choose careers other than motherhood. Feminism, all by itself, will destroy us unless we stamp it out the way we would an epidemic of hoof-and-mouth disease: ruthlessly and thoroughly. To summarize: feminism is a racial threat, and it has been made into a racial threat by the Jews, who have been and still are its principal promoters.
Communism is another example. There certainly are people who manage to talk about communism without mentioning either race or the Jews. Conservatives are pretty adept at that sort of thing: at dodging the real issues. The John Birch Society, for example, will tell you that communism has nothing to do with race or with the Jews; it has only to do with freedom and with private property. Many Christians will tell you that the bad thing about communism is that it is atheistic: “godless communism,” they call it, and to them that’s what is really important
When I talk about communism, the Jews and race are central to the discussion. I talk about the Jews
because they are the ones wh0 designed and spread this pfee What would communism be without the Jew Karl Marx? How could it ever have gotten the Russian people by the throat without all the Jews who constituted the majority of Lenin’s accomplices during the revolutionary period?
Lenin himself was only a quarter Jewish, but most of the people who financed his revolutionary activities were full-blooded Jews, and so weite the Bolshevik gangsters with whom he conspired: Radek, Trotsky, Kamenev, Zinoviev, Sverdlov, Uritsky, and the rest. Every foreign observer who visited the Soviet Union in its early days was struck by the huge preponderance of Jews among the commissars and other Soviet leaders. Without these Jews to finance, lead, and staff the revolution, the communist .movement would still be meeting in cellars and back rooms in St. Petersburg trying to figure out how to seize control of the Russian government.
And without the Jewish apologists for communism in the media in the United States and elsewhere, the Soviet Union would have expired 50 years sooner than it did. It was Jewish media influence — concealing the true nature of communism, concealing communist atrocities and portraying the Soviets in the best possible light, as heroic pioneers for social justice — that made it politically feasible for the United States and Britain to become allies of the Soviet Union in the Second World War in order to crush anti-communist Germany and then to turn half of Europe over to communist rule after the war.
Of course, there were many non-Jewish activists, leaders, and propagandists involved in the spread and rise of communism — Stalin is the most outstanding example — and most of the Jews of the world never belonged to a communist party or made a pro-communist movje or wrote an editorial for the New York Times favoring communism.
That is the smokescreen always raised by the Jews and their defenders when the issue of the Jewish involvement in communism comes up: there were many non-Jewish communists, and the majority of the Jews weren’t
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
participants in communism. The fact remains, however, that Jews not only formulated the essence of commu-nism — they made it what it is — but they also played an absolutely essential role in its triumph. Without the Jews, communism, like feminism, never would have gotten off the ground. That is why any discussion of communism that doesn’t mention the Jews is meaningless and can only be misleading.
And why was communism such a terrible thing? Was it because it demanded a redistribution of wealth? Was it because it threatened the incomes and property of the capitalists? Was it because it was atheistic?
Hardly. Communism was foil of unworkable economic theories — unworkable because they weren’t in accord with human nature — and it put forward some really nutty ideas about history and other things. But these were not what made communism such a disaster. The evil in communism was not that it took property away from those who had earned it or inherited it and gave it to those who had not; the evil was not that it discouraged individual initiative or that it eventually made an economic basket case out of every nation on which it was imposed. The evil in communism was that it preached egalitarianism. It denied the differences in human quality among individuals and among races. Worse, it inverted the natural ranking of human beings. It appealed to the worst to bring down the best. It appealed to the resentful losers to destroy those who had been successful. It preached that the first shall be last, and the last shall be first. And it used these egalitarian teachings to justify destroying the best of our people wherever it gained the ability to do so.
It was communist egalitarianism that justified the murder of 30 million Ukrainians and Russians — the kulaks, the successful small farmers — because they resisted being herded into collectives along with the ne’er-do-wells. It was communist egalitarianism that justified the mass murder of the Polish professional and military elites, in the Katyn forest and elsewhere, in order to “equalize” the Polish nation and also justified doing the same thing in Estonia and Latvia and
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
Lithuania when those nations fell under Soviet rule.
Communism preached that the talented and successful people, the people with character and ability, were no better than anyone else: that anyone could become a successful composer or scientist or industrialist if he were given the same education and the same advantages as those who had been successful. So if the successful people resisted being “equalized,” then nothing really was lost in killing them, because they were simply replaceable human units like everyone else. That was the evil in communism: it killed the best of our people in order to make more room for the worst. It did an enormous amount of genetic damage to our race.
And that’s the same egalitarian teaching used today to justify every sort of racially destructive policy in America, from Affirmative Action to open borders. Since Blacks are essentially the same as Whites, except that they’ve been held back by White racism, it does no racial harm to give jobs and promotions to Blacks that otherwise would have gone to Whites, say the egalitarians. It does no racial harm to boost Blacks up the socioeconomic ladder so that they can be more easily integrated into White society — and can more easily intermarry with Whites. Since European Americans are essentially the same as Mexican mestizos and Haitian Negroes, why should we exclude them from our country? Sharing our land and our wealth with them can’t possibly degrade us as a nation or weaken us in any way. What difference does it make if they outbreed us and eventually replace us? Everything will be the same, because we’re all equal. We all have the same creative potential, the same potential for building and maintaining civilization. Right7
And I hardly need to tell you that the people who are pushing the party line of racial egalitarianism in America today are the same people who covered for the communists while they were butchering the best of our people in Europe for the sake of individual and class egalitarianism. The same people are running Hollywood and television and the New York Times today who were running Holly-
3
wood and radio and the New York Times while the communists were “equalizing” Ukraine and Russia and Poland and the Baltic states before their media allies got us into the Second World War in order to keep the Germans from stamping out communism — and the people responsible for communism.
I’ll mention one other thing in this regard. A lot of people believe that the Jews pushing racial egalitarianism in America today are a kinder, gender bunch than the Jews who were pushing communism in Europe 50, 60, or 70 years ago — Jews such as Leon Trotsky or Lazar Kaganovich or Ilya Ehrenburg or the unnamed secret police or gulag commissars, with the blood of millions of our people on their hands. It isn’t so. The Jews in America today cannot order the arrest of their enemies or potential enemies by the thousands, gloat over them while they are being tortured in the basements of police headquarters around the country, and then- have them disposed of with a bullet in the back of the head the way they did in Europe. But they would like to. The Jews of Hollywood hate us with the same insane hatred that the Jewish secret police commissars had for the Polish officers and intellectuals they butchered by the thousands in the Katyn forest, with the same insane hatred that was expressed in propaganda commissar Ilya Ehrenburg’s exhortations to the Red Army to rape German women and murder German children. They don’t yet have the power to murder us wholesale the way they did in Ukraine and Estonia, but they would if they did.
Let me illustrate that. Timothy Blake Nelson is a Hollywood film director. One would never expect someone with the name Timothy Nelson to be a Jew, but in fact he is a Jew and has identified himself as such in various film-industry publications. He is the director of a new film — O as in Othello — due to be released next month by Lions Gate Films, although it actually was made by Miramax, a division of Disney. Disney is headed by the Jew Michael Eisner, and Miramax is headed by the Jewish Weinstein brothers, Bob and Harvey. The original production team at Miramax
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
“Desi" the female lead of the movie 0
$
is entirely Jewish and is headed by executive producer Michael Levy. The point I am making is that everything about Nelson’s new film is Jewish.
Although O is very loosely based on the Shakespeare play, Nelsons Othello character is not a Moor but a modern American Negro, who is incongruously named “Odin” — and, believe me, the incongruity in naming a Negro after the chief god in the Germanic pantheon is deliberate. Everything in the film is deliberate. It is a calculated outpouring of hate against everything White, everything European, everything Aryan.
O, like so many other films coming from Hollywood recendy, is aimed at promoting sex between teenaged White gills and Black males. If you believe most of the pre-release reviews, it is not an anti-White film at all, but rather a film aimed at breaking down racial barriers. It is a film against White racism, a film that will help to promote racial brotherhood and racial togetherness and all the other things so beloved of liberals and Christians.
If you read what Nelson himself has to say about his film you will get a different picture, however. It is a film calculated to rub the noses of Whites — especially Southern Whites, especially upper-class Whites, especially racially conscious Whites — in their wickedness and their inferiority. The setting of the film is a high-class boarding school for wealthy White
kids in Charleston, South Carolina. Nelson gloats over the way in which the school has been forced to change its policies in order to comply with the “civil rights” laws his fellow Jews have imposed on the country. He gloats even more over the way in which the White students at the school have changed.
The White male characters in the film are inferior in every way to the Black hero, who takes possession of the most beautiful White girl in the school, Desi. Although Desi has surrendered herself willingly to him, the Black ultimately subjects her to a violent rape: a symbolic playing out of Jewish hatred against the White race. I’ll read a a few selections from Nelson’s own pre-production notes for the film, in which he expresses the feelings that he wants the film to evoke. You can read the notes for yourself from the Internet at the Lions Gate Web site. And of course, you do have to read between the lines. The Jews are never straightforward in expressing themselves, but Nelson’s hatred comes through clearly enough in these pre-production notes:
First, a few words about why shooting in the South is important. Obviously, the story of Othello, and our modem version, deal with racial issues, and in no region in America is the history of racial oppression more apparent.
...I'm actually speaking more of the historical backdrop this region offers. Without populating the film with an assortment of crackers, we can give this story a specific and pointed setting. Place Odin on a distinctly antebellum campus, in a crisp school uniform, among the similarly dressed scions of former slave-owning families, and the rhetorical value is immeasurable.... Like the actress who'll play her, Desi is not only beautiful, she's extremely bright. She's also got poise, wisdom, and depth, which means she's not vulnerable to fads, nor is she indifferent to her past....
Odin is that terrific paradox: the one whom all at some level despise, but whom all, at some level, want to be. In this elite Southern academy, hip-hop language and culture abound, as kias casually appropriate the argot of places they wouldn't be caught dead in day or night; of characters with whom they'd be terrified speaking. It is beautifully ironic that against the backdrop of antebellum architecture, and in a town in which the old slave market still stands ... kids speak as they do in this film. These great grandchildren of plantation owners venerate the enraged great grandchildren of slaves, whose rhetoric, at dose listening, is virulently anti-white.... Odin is bom of the black underclass culture fetishised by his rich white classmates.
“Odin” the male lead of the movie 0
while he simultaneously gets to mingle with those classmates as one of their own. The most beautiful girl in the school is his girlfriend. He'll get the same diploma his classmates will; ne'll go to Duke.... Like the ... classroom, the dining hall should feel as though students' grandparents once dined there.... We want old South, so that ... it shouldn't be hard to contemplate Odin's forebears serving the grandparents mentioned above.... With very few exceptions, these kids should seem very white, and very rich.
Well, what I quoted is just a small taste of what the Jewish director has to say about his latest anti-White propaganda film. What is clear is his obsession with race and his burning hatred for us and his contempt. And we let these people — Jews like Nelson and Eisner and the Weinstein brothers and Redstone and all the rest, with their films and their television and their advertising agencies and the rest of their media — shape the opinions and the fashions of young Whites. So paralyzed with fear of being called “anti-Semites” or “racists” are we that we let them do it. Perhaps we deserve the contempt they have for us.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Why We -Deserve Their Contempt,” aired on July 14, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
5
Subverting Freedom
George Washington and his men enduring the harsh conditions at Valley Forge
, Today I want to talk again about a growing threat to our freedom in America. In every White society, at all times, there have been people who valued freedom over comfort and security, and there have been people who valued comfort and security over freedom. Sometimes there are more of the one, and sometimes there are more of the other.
When I’ve talked about this sub-ject in the past, I’ve characterized the freedom-lovers as masculine and the security-lovers as feminine because under natural conditions men are a bit more willing to take chances and try new things and want to keep their options open, and they also are a bit more concerned with general principles, and women are a bit more concerned with the security of home and hearth — which is not to say, of course, that even the most adventurous and principled man has no concern for security or comfort or that even the most home-oriented woman has no concern for principles. It’s just that on the average men are more freedom oriented, and women are more security-and-comfort oriented.
As times and manners change, however, the degree to which men value freedom changes. In America 226 years ago Patrick Henry proclaimed, “Give me liberty, or give me death,” and in doing so he won the general admiration of his fellows and the agreement of a majority of them. Today many Americans would question his sanity, and more would laugh or sneer at him than agree with him. Partly this change is the consequence of dysgenic immigration and breeding policies during the past century, but it is due more to permissive child-raising practices and a less masculine, less demanding social and civic environment.
And there’s another reason — a very important reason — for the devaluing of freedom in recent times, and that’s the propaganda line of the mass media. The media have worked diligently to undermine Americans’ attachment to certain specific freedoms — the freedom to keep and bear arms, for example B and at the same time have twisted and redefined the whole meaning of freedom, while cul-
tivating a more feminine ideological climate in America. Sixty years ago Franklin Roosevelt did much to confuse the concept of freedom in the public mind by classifying comfort and security as “freedoms” and then elevating them to the status of freedom of speech and freedom of religion. He included in his enumeration of his so-called “four freedoms” freedom from want and freedom from fear, and the media bosses loved him for it.
Ever since then they have done everything they could to further twist meanings and compound the confusion, so that today the average couch potato or soccer mom can be persuaded easily that comfort — that is, “freedom from want” — and security — that is, “freedom from fear” — are indeed freedoms in the same sense as freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, freedom of religion, freedom of self-defense, and freedom from excessive governmental intrusion.
Really, I have had women — and men too — seriously defend the notion that freedom of speech needs to be balanced against comfort, in the form of freedom from feeling bad
because of some “insensitive” remark by another person. These couch potato and soccer-mom types will argue, “Well, yes, we have freedbm of speech, and that’s important, but we can’t have people saying. or writing things that offend other people, things that hurt the feelings of other people.”
For the most part, this is just sim-pleminded “feel-goodism.” These soccer moms and couch potatoes just have very fuzzy notions about concepts such as freedom, and they’ve absorbed from TV the belief that there really is a “right” to feel good about oneself. Imagine where we’d be today if the Americans at Valley Forge in the winter of 1778 had believed that they had a “right” to be comfortable, and that “right” was as important as the right to be free from domination by a foreign government In the last couple of centuries we have not only become softer physically and morally, but we’ve become a bit soft in the head as well.
But it’s not just the couch potatoes: there are smarter people out there whose notions are not fuzzy at all but who also hate and fear our
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • W'V 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
Law Enforcement
Agency Resource Artk°*m-antw'>*-‘I Network
Extremism
I Extremism In America
Uncomlna Extremist 1 Events
I Chronology of 1 Extremist Activity
Hate Crimes
The Joint Terrorism Task Force
A Concept That Works
By ROBERT MARTIN
State Hate Crimes
Laws
Hate Symbols
Database
Law Enforcement
ADL Training
Officer Safety
nformatlon
Resources For Law
Enforcement
Recent ADL
Since its inception, the FBI-New York Police Department Joint Terrorism Task Force (FBI-NYPD JTTF) has remained on the forefront of the war against terrorism. The World Trade Center bombing proved that Americans could not view terrorism as a malady that affected only other countries.
That attack, as well as the Oklahoma City bombing and the
bombing at the 1996 Summer Olympics, awakened
Americans to the fact that terrorism had come to the United States.
Today, 16 JTTFs stand ready _________________________________
c°unte.r- anS! respond »the JTTF remains of the
— e	forefront of the war against
FBI-NYPD JTTF. as well as the terrorism"
others throughout the country, _____________________________
remain dedicated to fighting
terrorism and eliminating the fear and panic that terrorists rely on to advance their causes. The combining of federal, state, and local law enforcement resources has resulted in ■-------■__________ effective	maximization	of resources, the provision of_________
The ADL loves to present itself as a expert, and even quasi-official, souce of information on "hate" and "terrorism ” personnel are happy to believe them and to listen to them.
Publications
TIPS For Responding to Hate Crimes
Militia Watchdog
Archives
ADL Resources
About ADL
Ask ADL
ADL Homepage
Security for
ADL and Law
Enforcement
The Joint Terrori^f^T^ Force: A ConceptThaj^’ Works
Since Its Inception, the FBI-New York Police Department Joint Terrorism Task Force has remained on the forefront of the war against terrorism. More»
How Extremists Exploit The Internet
4* A#> *»■****•	—'
MW*** Ww**. ...........
A Guide tp Qp-Line Hate
Racist Groups in U.S.
Naive or corrupt law enforcement
ideas about freedom. The radical feminists and the militant homosexuals and many of the leaders of various racial minorities understand the precariousness of their present positions. They understand that a very comfortable and confused White society that tolerates their antics now may someday lose its patience, especially if someone explains things. They understand that they could very quickly lose all of their unnatural privileges if someone explains to the public what their behavior is doing to our society.
They begin feeling very insecure and very uncomfortable when they hear me, for example, talking against government-imposed sexual and racial quotas. When 1 ridicule the idea that America needs more “diversity* or
more female fighter pilots or more Haitian or Mexican immigrants, they would like very much to shut me up. They are afraid that other people will listen and will begin thinking. When 1 say in one of my broadcasts that a society is sick unto death when its citizens are taught that there’s nothing wrong with men kissing and fondling each other in public, these people begin screeching about “hate speech” and demanding laws to keep me quiet.
And a lot of the couch potatoes and soccer moms are ready to go along with them, because they’ve been conditioned in that direction by the media and the schools — especially if they have attended a college or university. The radical feminists and
the homosexuals and the non-White militants established a beachhead in the university faculties and administrations in the 1960s, and since then they have metastasized to the point where they are the arbiters of Political Correctness in nearly every university in America.
Well, all of this is bad enough — on the one hand the positions of influence in our schools and our government held by freaks of varipus sorts and by non-Whites and on the other hand the general softness and state of confusion of our population — but what makes it much worse and much more dangerous is the campaign by well organized and well financed Jewish pressure groups to subvert legislative bodies and law-
0 2001. National Vanguard Book. • Box 330 ■ Hill,boro • WV 24946 • $40/year
enforcement agencies at the same time that Jews in the media ate continuing to soften up the public. There is a powerful effort underway now to abolish our Bill of Rights, piece by piece, both direcdy and indirecdy, and it is succeeding.
You know, I’ve spoken with you before about the Jewish and liberal campaign to have more so-called “hate crime” legislation enacted, at both the state and the Federal levels. That campaign continues, with groups such as the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith presenting their so-called “model hate crime” bills to legislators everywhere and lobbying for their enactment. And it’s not just the Anti-Defamation League. It’s other Jewish organizations too, such as the Southern Poverty Law Center and all sorts of ad hoc groups. And politicians being what they are these days, these Jewish groups are having an alarming degree of success. Legislators, who take an oath of office to uphold and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, eagerly subvert the Constitution if it will win them favor with the Jews. They will enact patently unconstitutional laws without a second thought if the Anti-Defamation League will give them a pat on the head for it.
And let me assure you, even patendy unconstitutional laws that should never be able to stand up in court are dangerous. In the first place, some of them do stand up in court because the courts themselves have been corrupted. Bur even when they aren’t enforceable they intimidate people. No person in his right mind wants to be charged even under a law that is so clearly unconstitutional that no court will uphold it, because he can be bankrupted by the legal fees involved in proving that it is unconstitutional.
At least, there are some more or less “mainstream” groups in America that ate as strongly opposed as I am to the whole concept of “hate crime” laws, although for different reasons, and these groups undoubtedly have slowed down somewhat the rate at which the Constitution is being undermined. They could do much more if they weren’t so terrified of being labeled “haters” or “anti-Semites” for daring to take a Politically Incorrect position.
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
The Jews, however, are pushing their campaign to subvert the Constitution at more than one level. While using their media to persuade the public that everyone will be safer and more comfortable with more “hate crime” laws, and lobbying the politicians to enact the laws, at the same time they have a massive effort underway to infiltrate and subvert law-enforcement agencies. And in this last effort, which in some ways is the most dangerous of all, there are no mainstream groups opposing them.
Here’s the way it works: the media in a particular area — say, in Arizona or in Michigan — raise the public’s consciousness of the threat of terrorism. The Jews persuade one of their favorite Gentile politicians in the area to speak up about the need to be prepared to deal with this new threat. The politician gives television interviews and speaks very seriously about the lack of preparedness on the part of police and other government agencies. State and local police agencies begin to worry that they will be blamed if they don’t do something to show that they are taking the threat of terrorism seriously. As a matter of fact, terrorism is completely new to them. They’ve never thought about it much. They don’t know anything about it.
Well, guess who comes to the rescue! An official of the Anti-Defamation League or another Jewish group goes to see the head of the state police, and he brings along a member of the Israeli secret-police organization Mossad. The two Jews tell the chief of the state police that they know all about terrorism and terrorists, and they want to share their information with him, because of their humanitarian concern for public safety. The police chief is happy to accept their offer, and so training seminars are set up. The Jews tell the police officials about terrorism — and especially about terrorists, about how to spot a terrorist, about what characteristics to look for.
Usually the irony of the situation is not even realized by the Gentile policemen. The Mossad is an organization that engages in state-sponsored terrorism. It commits terrorist acts on a larger scale than any other organization, including Osama bin Laden’s
7
plant radio-detonated bombs under their beds. They put bombs in people’s telephones. They put bombs in people’s cars. They use exotic poisons to assassinate people. A couple of Mossad agents got caught in Jordan a couple of years ago when they tried to murder an Islamic religious Leader they didn’t like by squirting poison into his ear as they passed him on a sidewalk in Amman. And these professional assassins and terrorists are supposedly teaching our policemen about how to spot terrorists!
Imagine the police hiring the Mafia to teach them about organized crime and how to fight it Do you think that perhaps the Mafia instructors might tailor their teaching tio give the police only the information that wouldn’t be harmful to the Mafia? Do you think that perhaps the Mafia might try to use the police for its own ends instead of being public-spirited and really helping the police fight organized crime?
It is not surprising that what our policemen learn about terrorism and terrorists from this relationship with the Jews is a bit one-sided. It is not surprising that the police learn that terrorists are likely to be Islamic extremists — or even more likely, White racists. It is not surprising that they learn that White racists and White patriots — in fact, any groups or individuals who are not Politically Correct — should be watched carefully, because they might be terrorists, or they might become terrorists as demographic and social conditions in the country continue to worsen. People who are opposed to the flood of non-White immigrants pouring into the country, people who are opposed to continually increasing “diversity” in America, might become violent, might resort to terrorism, if the government doesn’t do something to control immigration.
Well, that’s just the beginning of this worrisome relationship between our police and the Jews. And you know, when I say “the Jews,” I don’t mean just the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Mossad. This ongoing subversion of our Constitution — this assault on our freedom — is also supported by the Jewish community, by die Jewish tribe, as a whole. The Jewish bosses of the mass media sup-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
port it as well as the Jewish pressure groups.
Of course, there are individual exceptions. There are a few Jews who, for one reason or another, refuse to march in lockstep with the rest of the tribe. In an earlier program I told you about Norman Finkelstein, whose book The Holocaust Industry, exposes the chicanery and fraud of the media Jews and other Jews who have lied about and exaggerated Jewish losses during the Second World War in order to gain economic and political advantages for their fellow Jews. Despite Finkelstein’s dissent, the Holocaust fraud remains a Jewish fraud, because it is supported by nearly all Jews, not just by Simon Wiesenthal and Elie Wiesei and a few other professional Holocaust hucksters. I ve discussed with you Robert Friedman’s revelations of the Jewishness of so-called “Russian” organized crime in his book Red Mafiya. But despite Friedman’s expose, virtually all the Jews in the controlled media continue to pretend that the members of the organized crime gangs that came to America from the former Soviet Union are Russians instead of Jews.
And there are a few individual Jews who speak out against the campaign to enact “hate crime” and “speech crime” laws. They warn that this campaign threatens our most fundamental freedoms. Nat Hentoff, a Jew who works for the Jewish newspaper Village Voice and has a syndicated newspaper column, is one of these. Henton has for years spoken out against threats to free speech, and he is speaking out now against the “speech crime” campaign being pushed by his fellow Jews.
Of course, Hentoff doesn’t refer to it as a Jewish campaign, but that’s exactly what it is. I’m happy that Hentoff is at least speaking out against “speech crime” laws,- but it is a feet that one cannot really understand what is going on unless one sees the campaign as Jewish and sees how it meshes with long-term Jewish goals. And one cannot effectively fight against this campaign unless one is willing to fight against the Jews as a whole.
Well, I told you that the Anti-Defamation League’s teaching of law-enforcement agencies about terrorism is just the beginning. Having estab-
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
lished a cozy relationship with police departments around the country, Jewish organizations next put themselves forward as experts on “hate crime” legislation, which is as new and strange to most law enforcement people as terrorism is. “Hate crime” and “speech crime” are the coming things, the Jews persuade the policemen. If you want to stay on the right side of the media in the future, you’ll be spending much less time chasing robbers and rapists and instead will be arresting “hate criminals” and “speech criminals.” You’ll need to know how to recognize them. Let us teach you.
And the Jews are teaching them. In Phoenix, Arizona, the police department has a special “bias crimes detail”: an incipient thought police unit Although the Phoenix cops do not yet have the authority to arrest people for expressing Politically Incorrect thoughts, they do keep official police records — “information cards,” they are called — on people overheard saying things that might be used later as evidence against them if they ever are charged with a “hate crime.” For example, a White man reports to the Phoenix police that he has just been mugged and robbed on the street by two illegal aliens from Mexico. While the police are taking his report he says, “I’d like to see all of these wetbacks rounded up and shot” An “information card” reporting that remark goes into the police files. Two years later the same White man gets in a fight with a Mexican and beats him up. Has a “hate crime” been committed? The “bias crimes detail” finds the two-year-old “information card” in its files and on that basis charges the White man with a “hate crime” carrying twice the penalty that a simple assault would carry.
And Phoenix certainly isn’t the only community where the Jews have persuaded the local cops to begin collecting evidence of what people are thinking so that they can be prosecuted later. In Laguna Beach, California, Police Chief Jim Spreine encourages citizens to report to the police any “hate-style comments, to use the chiefs words, that they overhear. People who make hate-style comments” are more likely to commit acts of violence later and so bear
watching, the chief told a reporter for the Orange County Register. And I do not need to tell you who it is that advises the chief exactly what constitutes a “hate-style comment.”
This is the sort of thing that is happening all over America at a rap-idly increasing rate. The whole meaning of law enforcement is being
o	.	o
transformed. The police used to protect normal, law-abiding citizens by locking up violent predators. Nowadays in many cities the police are doing less of that from fear of being charged with “racism” or “racial profiling,” because violent predators are disproportionately non-White. The police instead are spending their time watching, gathering information on-, and in some cases arresting White men who are suspected of having Politically Incorrect attitudes and. thinking Politically Incorrect thoughts.
As I told you earlier in this broadcast, there are two principal reasons for this transformation. One is the general feminization of America: the shift from a freedom-loving citizenry to a comfort-loving and security-loving citizenry. The other reason is deliberate subversion on a huge scale, in which the controlled mass media and Jewish pressure groups have played the largest role.
If America is to survive much longer its citizens must once again come to value freedom more than comfort and security. But before this shift in attitude can be effected, the grip of the Jews on the mass media and on the political process in America must be broken. And before that can happen, those Americans who still love freedom must find the courage to speak out and accuse those who are subverting their country;
Certainly, anger is growing. The rage is growing. But along with the rage must grow understanding and courage.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Subverting Freedom,” aired on July 28, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 post-i paid.
© 2001 I National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
9
Time to Blast Our Enemies
Julie Cook before being attacked by Asians in England
There are some interesting things going on around the world. I want to describe a few of these things for you and then tie them together and make a few predictions.
Let’s begin with Australia. Police in Sydney, Australia’s largest city, are trying to cope with a new problem: rapes of young White girls by gangs of nonWhite immigrants. More than 70 White girls, ranging in age from 13 to 18, have been abducted from Sydney suburbs and subjected to exception* ally brutal gang rapes during the past two years. The frequency of the rapes is on the rise, and they are spreading from Sydney to other Australian cities. In an incident three weeks ago in Guildford, a residential suburb of Perth, Australia’s fourth-largest city, on the other side of the continent from Sydney, as many as two dozen men seized a young girl in a school yard and raped her repeatedly, before scrawling antiWhite slogans on her naked body.
All of the victims have been White, and all of the rapists have been nonWhite. Police refuse to be specific, saying only that the members of the rape gangs are of Middle Eastern origin. Although a number of arrests of the rapists have been made, police are pessimistic about curbing the phenomenon or even slowing it down. They say it is a “culturally institutionalized” problem, which means that gang rape of women and girls not under the protection of a strong male is traditional in the home country
from which the rapists come: gang rape of unprotected women is an institution in the Middle East and among Semitic peoples generally. Police are hesitant to crack down on the rape gangs from fear of being charged with “racial profiling,” the same charge that has hamstrung police in America. So in lieu of moving aggressively against the Middle Eastern immigrant groups to which the rapists belong, Australian police are planning a “social research program” to better understand the phenomenon.
South Africa is experiencing similar problems with gang rape. Rape always has been “culturally institutionalized” among Blacks throughout Africa, including South Africa. The new aspect of rape there is that now White women are increasingly being chosen as victims, whereas during the apartheid period they were exempt because Blacks feared aggressive police action and extremely severe punishment for raping a White woman. With a Black government, that is no longer true; in fact Black police officials in South Africa look with amusement on rape complaints by White women.
South Africa has become the rape capital of the world, with more reported rapes per capita than any other country, according to Interpol. South Africa also has the fastest rising per capita rate of HIV infection. The belief is widespread among Blacks in Africa that they can cure AIDS by having sex with a woman who does not have the disease. They believe that -sex with an uninfected woman will “draw out” the disease from their bodies and into the bodies of the women. Therefore they seek out very young girls — presumably virgins and therefore uninfected — for rape. And they also seek out White women, among whom the infection rate is only a tiny fraction of the rate among Black women.
Racial hatred also plays a role in the growing incidence of the gang rape of White women in South Africa. Jean Saul lives with her husband just outside Johannesburg. Four Blacks recendy broke into their home, robbed them at gunpoint, then tied up both Mrs. Saul and her husband
Julie Cook after the attack
in their beds. They called Mrs. Saul a “White bitch” and then told her husband: “We’ve got AIDS, and we’re going to rape your wife.” Then all four took turns raping her, forcing her husband to watch. After that, according to Mrs. Saul’s report:
One of the Blacks "stood on the bed, and he actually peed on us: just urinated over both of us.
France and Sweden both are experiencing a growing surge of gang rapes of young girls by non-White immigrants — not by Blacks, but by Middle Easterners in Sweden and by North Africans in France. As in Australia the police in France and Sweden seem hesitant to crack down vigorously on the rape gangs, simply because the rapists are all non-White.
In England the immigrants causing the worst problems at the moment are Asians, most of them from the Indian subcontinent. I spoke with you two months ago about the destruction that Asian gangs were wreaking in northern England. I spoke specifically about the’ Asian riots in Oldham, about the Asian gang attacks on Whites there. Well die riots have continued, primarily because the police have refused to crack down on the rioters. The mass media in England have tried hard to put the blame for the riots on “White racism,” and under the government of Tony Blair, who is a British version of Bill Clinton, the police in England
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
Non-Whites (mostly Mexicans) riot without police interference in Arizona
are as afraid of “racial profiling” accusations as are the police in America.
Last month the heaviest rioting yet in England by Asian gangs hit the city of Bradford, near Leeds. White-owned stores in Bradford were looted and fire bombed, two White men were stabbed, and more than 200 policemen were injured. Hundreds of millions of dollars worth of White property was destroyed or stolen.
And what about America? Earlier this year I spoke with you on several occasions about the Black riots in Seattle and in Cincinnati. I pointed out that during the Mardi Gras riot in Seattle the police stood on the sidelines and refused to interfere while gangs of Blacks rampaged through a mostly White crowd, beating, robbing, and stomping individual Whites, mostly young women, and killing one young white man who tried to help a young woman who had been knocked to the ground and was being kicked by Blacks. The police explained that they had been using “restraint” in order not to provoke even worse violence. Actually, as was revealed later, they were afraid of being charged with “racial profiling,” because if they had arrested lawbreakers nearly all those arrested would
have been Black. As every lemming has learned from TV, Blacks are no more likely to commit crimes of violence than Whites, so arresting more Blacks than Whites during a riot is clear proof of police racism.
The Black rioting in Cincinnati in April also saw the police looking the other way while the Blacks pulled Whites from cars and beat them, looted stores, set buildings afire, and carried on in their customary way. The Black pretext for rioting in Cincinnati was the shooting of a Black criminal with 14 outstanding arrest warrants who was fleeing from police. The media in Cincinnati made such a hullabaloo about the fact that the fleeing criminal was unarmed at the time — the headlines read: “unarmed Black youth gunned down by White policeman” — that the police and the city’s White politicians became gun shy.
In an effort to deflect charges of “racial profiling” they arrested a young White man who had thrown a bride at a Black during the riot and charged him with a “hate crime”: certainly the first “hate crime” charge to be filed as a result of the Cincinnati riot and, as far as I am aware, the only one. During the rioting angry White citizens in the Cincinnati area
were calling radio talk shows and, asking why the police were refusing even to arrest Black rioters who pulled a White woman from her car and beat and kicked her savagely. The television cameras caught it, but the police ignored it. The White mayor of Cincinnati, Charlie Lukens, obviously was scared to death that if the police waded into the rioters to rescue White victims other Blacks might be shot, and he would be blamed by the media. He refused to criticize the Black rioters; he attended the funeral of the Black criminal who had been shot; and his solution for preventing further rioting was:
We must address the broader issues of racism and economic inclusion in our community.
After the riot in April and the anemic response of Cincinnati police, violent crime is up astronomically in the city. Since the riot there have been 74 more shootings, compared to nine shootings in the same period last year. All but one of the gunmen in the 74 shootings since April was Black. And while violent crime is way up, arrests in Cincinnati are down more than 50 per cent Clearly Mayor Lukens is hoping to avoid provoking another Black riot and more charges of “racial profiling” from the media. What he’s doing now to try to curb violent crime in Cincinnati is recruit more Black policemen. He believes that a more diverse” police force will lead to less crime — or at least, to less media criticism of him.
This sort of reaction by White politicians to media charges of lack of sensitivity to Blacks or other non-Whites is not confined to Cincinnati. They are telling White cops to take it easy on Blacks everywhere. On my desk I have a Fox News story from last week - July 27 - headed, “Seatde Cops, Wary of Race-Profiling Accusations, Cutting Back on Minority Arrests.”
I also have a similar story, which was printed in the Seattle Times a month earlier. That story is headed; “Wary of racism complaints, police look the other way in Black neighborhoods.” Here are a few lines from the story:
The cops on the street have different names for it: de-policing, selective disengagement, tactical detachment. They even joke about it, calling themselves "tourists m blue" ... Many officers, wary of being
(£> 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ye
labeled "racists" or "racial profilers," say they, hold back or bypass opportunities to make traffic stops or arrests of black suspects*... "It's real. It's happening," said Eric Michl, a Seattle patrol officer for 17 years. "Parking under a shady tree to work on a crossword puzzle is a great alternative to being labeled a racist ana being dragged through an inquest, a review board, an FBI and U.S. Attorney's investigation, and a lawsuit."
The same Seattle policeman described a recent incident in which he stopped a car that was being driven recklessly. The driver appeared to be high on cocaine and was carrying no driver’s license and had no registration document for the car. Ordinarily, said Michl, he would have arrested the driver on the spot. But the driver was Black, and so Michl hesitated. Instead of making an immediate arrest he went back to his patrol car to run the license plate through the police computer. It turned out that the car was stolen, but by that time the Black driver had fled.
Well, I said that we would tie together all of these things and then draw some conclusions from them. What we have in each of these situations I have described for you is White men on the defensive; White men thinking and acting like women; White men so terrified of being criticized, so terrified of being called “racists,” that they will not protect themselves, their women, or their communities. They have let themselves be pushed into positions that are less and less defensible.
Australia, for example, used to be a White country, in spirit as well as in feet. The government had a “White Australia” policy: immigrants from non-White parts of the world simply were not accepted. That’s the way die Australians wanted it, and the government was happy to oblige. In die late 1960s, however, the Jews, the controlled media, the Christian churches, and leftist elements in the Labor Party began collaborating on a long-range “anti-racism” propaganda campaign in Australia. It was the same sort of propaganda campaign that was used to soften up South Africa prior to turning it over to Black rule. The formula was: racism is a terrible thing, and you should be ashamed if you have any racist feelings; not permitting Asians and Middle Easterners to immigrate to Australia is racist — or in South Africa, not permitting Blacks to vote is racist; therefore, if you are in
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
favor of keeping Australia White you are a terrible person and should be ashamed of yourself — or, if you are a White South African and don’t want the Black majority to vote, you are a terrible person and should be ashamed.
By the mid-1970s the campaign had had such an effect on Australians that they were afraid to protest when the government abandoned its “White Australia” policy and opened the floodgates to Asian and Middle Eastern immigrants. And by the early 1990s White South Africans had been so intimidated by the “anti-racism” propaganda in their country that they were ready to commit collective race suicide rather than be considered “racists.” In 1991 they abandoned their system of apartheid, and in 1993 they agreed in effect to turn their country over to rule by the Black majority. They agreed to let Blacks vote, so that they wouldn’t be thought “racists” by the lemmings in other countries.
As social conditions in Australia began deteriorating and the crime rate began rising under the impact of Asian immigration, the government pushed for a general disarmament of the White population. Everyone would be safer, the government and the media and the churches proclaimed, if no one had a firearm. And the feminized, brainwashed population put up only a minimal protest. Yes, yes! They wanted to feel safer! They wanted to be nicer! Let’s get rid of those awful firearms! So in 1997 — just four years ago — all privately owned firearms in Australia were confiscated by the government. Since then there has been a 45 per cent increase in the rate of armed robberies across Australia. In the state of Victoria the rate of homicides committed with firearms has risen 300 per cent. That’s because the Asian gangs still have their guns, but the Whites don’t.
It’s really difficult to sympathize with White Australians and White South Africans. Through their own foolishness and weakness they brought their present problems upon themselves. When men begin acting like women, that is what happens. When White men let themselves be bamboozled into feeling guilty and defensive about their natural, healthy racial feelings, that is what happens.
11
I remember what happened in South Africa just a few years ago. The Christian churches there organized huge anti-apartheid demonstrations. The Jews were lurking in the background and pulling the strings, of course, but it was White Christians out front campaigning for an end to apartheid. It was Christian clerics denouncing racism from their pulpits and calling for interracial brotherhood. And the White lemmings soaked it up. I remember seeing the young White women — beautiful, empty-headed White women — marching in these demonstrations arm in arm with Blacks. The White women were so proud of themselves for being ideologically fashionable, for being Politically Correct And their men — their fathers, their husbands, their brothers — let them behave in this way rather than risk being thought racist. And so now the fashionable White women of South Africa are being raped and infected with the AIDS virus, and their spineless men are being forced to watch.
Foolishness and weakness! Foolish women and v«ak men. But is that not the way most of our people are everywhere, including the United States? Isn’t that the way most of our people always have been? Isn’t that why the Jews just love mass democracy and praise democracy to the skies in their media?
It’s easy for us in the United States to shake our heads at the foolishness and weakness of the Australians and the South Africans. It’s easy for us to say to the Australians: .“You had a Bill Clinton/Tony Blair style government, a government catering to the welfare rabble and to the worst of the lemmings, so how can you be surprised that your government abandoned your “White Australia” policy and now welcomes a growing flood of non-White immigrants into your country? The Asian immigrants will be the new constituency for your politicians. And you certainly can’t complain that now you have no weapons to protect yourselves and your women from these immigrants. You were so afraid of being Politically Incorrect that you permitted the government to confiscate your firearms without even putting up a fight. Now you’re getting what you deserve.”
It’s easy for us to say that about the Australians and to say even
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
harsher things about the South Africans. How could anybody be so stupid as to let a majority of the electorate in their country become non-White and expect their government to continue to protect them and to maintain civilized standards?
It’s easy to say these things because the Australian and South African situations seem so different from ours. It’s a litde harder for us to criticize the people in England for letting the Asians there riot and tear up their cities, The situation in England is a litde too close to what we have witnessed in Seatrie and Cincinnati. But you know, the situation in Australia really is not so different from ours as we might want to believe. Our government is just as democratic, just as corrupt, and the attitudes and opinions of our people are just as prone to manipulation by the media. We used to have a “White America’’ immigration policy here too. Under pressure from the Jewish media and the Christian churches that policy was abandoned after the Second World War.
Now our government doesn’t even attempt to control our borders. It is more concerned that the mestizos pouring in from Mexico might lose their way in the Arizona desert and
suffer from the heat than it is about keeping them out The U.S. Border Patrol is planning on installing special signalling stations in the desert so that if the illegal aliens get lost on their way north they can call for help. Really! I got that news from a July 28 Associated Press report from Tucson, Arizona, which is on my desk now. With that kind of thinking in our government, our situation in just a few decades will be very similar to that of South Africa’s Whites today. We will have a non-White voting majority in the country and a government staffed bv a majority of non-Whites who will be just as amused by our cries for help as are the Black police officials of South Africa when White women there complain about being gang-raped by Blacks. And like the Australians we will not have weapons to defend ourselves or our women.
That’s where we’re headed everywhere in the White world. What is happening now in Australia and in South Africa gives us a clear warning. That warning will do us no good, however, unless we do something about our basic problem. That basic problem is the continued programming of our lemmings by mass media controlled by Jews. As long as the Jews who control America’s mass
media . are permitted to co„ • teaching our women that fJS?* with Blacks is fashionable and^8 long as they are permitted toconth5 teaching our men that being thokJ? a “racist” is a fete worse than & we will not be able to avoid the future the media bosses have planned for u$ Because, believe me, our women are just as foolish and our men just as weak as are those of Australia and South Africa. The governmental structure is in place that will annihilate our race and our civilization, and the mas. ters of the mass media are at the controls of this structure. Whether there is a Democrat or a Republican figurehead at the top of the structure makes very litde difference. We must begin dismanding that structure; we must put a monkey wrench in its gears; we must yank — we must blast — the controllers from their seats of power in Hollywood and New York, or we are finished.___________________________JfJ
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Time tb Blast Our Enemies,” aired on August 4, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Demonstrating for Freedom
Two weeks ago my organization, the National Alliance, held a small, peaceful demonstration at the German Embassy in Washington. On Sunday, July 29, we had about 70 men and women carrying signs in front of the embassy protesting the lack of civil liberties for dissidents in Germany. We were protesting the feet that the German government puts its citizens in prison for saying or writing anything deemed Politically Incorrect In Germany people are locked up even for listening to Politically Incorrect music or for having Politically Incorrect ideas about what really happened during the Second World War. People are in prison in Germany now for having questioned some detail of the official “Holocaust” story, for example, or for singing forbidden songs or for being caught at an underground concert where forbidden music was being played.
There is no freedom of speech in Germany, no freedom of association, no intellectual or artistic freedom, and we want everyone to know this. We want to embarrass the German government And we want the American people to know about this lack of freedom in Germany and about the repression of political, intellectual, and artistic dissidents. Most Americans haven’t the faintest idea about these things. Americans are taught in school and by the media — especially by Hollywood — that in the Second World War the Americans fought the Nazis to free the German people and the rest of Europe from the tyranny imposed by Hider. Americans are taught that under Hider the Germans had no freedom. They are taught that the first thing Hider did when he became chancellor of Germany in 1933 was confiscate all of the privately owned firearms in Germany. Then he
burned all of the books he didn’t like, filter that, Americans have been told in coundess Hollywood films, he had anyone who criticized him or his gov-
ernment arrested and thrown into a concentration camp. Americans have been taught that anyone who refused to give the Roman salute or to say “Heil Hider!” on appropriate occasions was in danger of being shot by the Gestapo.
And we are taught that the Americans smashed the wicked Nazi government in order to restore freedom to Germany. We are taught that we gave back to the Germans freedom of speech and freedom of the press and freedom of association, that we gave them back political and intellectual and artistic freedom, and that the Germans were very grateful to us for this. We are taught that we “liberated” the Germans. And to drive the lesson home we are shown photographs and
<g> 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
old newsreel clips of American GIs handing out candy bars to grateful German children. We are shown photographs of American soldiers opening the gates of concentration camps and freeing all of the wrongfully imprisoned dissidents, many of them badly malnourished.
Most Americans don’t understand that nearly all of this is a calculated lie. They don’t understand that Hollywood concocted this lie, and the U.S. government and the American educational establishment went along with it in order to deceive the American people about the true reasons for the American bombing and invasion of Germany and about what actually happened in Germany before, during, and after the war. Indeed, some GIs did give candy bars to German children, but nearly everything else we have been taught about Germany and the Second World War is a lie.
Most Americans don’t understand that Hider didn’t confiscate privately owned firearms after he became chancellor. In fact, he encouraged the private ownership of firearms by Germans. It was the U.S. government that oudawed the private ownership of firearms in Germany and then confiscated all civilian weapons from the German people in 1945. After Germany’s surrender the U.S. Army posted proclamations requiring all German civilians to turn in their handguns, their hunting rifles and shotguns, even their fencing swords, at Army collection stations. And American GIs were amazed at the enormous number of privately owned weapons turned in by the Germans: everything from modem sporting rifles ana pocket pistols intended for self-defense to antique firearms and swords that were family heirlooms. The Americans permitted no German civilian to keep any weapon with which he might defend himself or his family. Hider didn’t take away the Germans’ right to keep and bear arms; the U.S. government did.
Americans don’t understand that Hider did not make it illegal for Germans to own books critical of him or his government Americans have been shown pictures of Germans throwing books on bonfires, and they have been told that these were books confiscated from Germans, that the Nazis were basically “book burners” who consigned to the flames anything they
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
© www.HendrikMoebus.com
Hendrik Mdbus in jail in New York
didn’t agree with. What they have not been told is that the bonfires were merely symbolic, that the books burned were communist literature, pornographic materials, and other books the Hider government viewed as degenerate and harmful to public morality. Germans could still own or read such books if they wanted, but the Nazis were making a public demonstration of their opposition to communism, to pornography, to Jewish fashions, to degenerate modem art, and the like.
Their symbolic bonfires served much the same purpose as public bonfires that have been organized in America by Christian churdi groups to burn records, tapes, and CDs of music with what the church groups consider immoral lyrics. Christian leaders understand that they cannot stop people from owning or listening to such music, but they want to send a graphic message of their disapproval. Such bonfires, whether in Germany or America, have propaganda value, but they do not have legal significance.
Americans don’t understand that Germans were not thrown into concentration camps for not saying “Heil Hider!” or for not joining the Nazi party. Indeed, there were certain limits. Hider banned the Communist Party, and if someone were caught trying to recruit communists for underground work, he very likely would wind up in a concentration camp. If homosexuals were seen fondling each other in public in Berlin the way they do in San Francisco today, they probably would be sent to a concentration
13
camp. If a child molester or a pimp were arrested in Germany, he might be sent to a concentration camp. He might even have his head cut off.
There were some things the Nazis simply wouldn’t put up with. They were quite determined to clean up German life and to set new fashions and new standards for public behavior after a long period during which the Jews had been permitted to promote every sort of degeneracy in Germany. But the fact remains that despite the restrictions on communists and homosexuals and Jews, Germans had more intellectual and artistic freedom — more freedom of speech — under Hider than they did after Germany’s so-called “liberation” in 1945. And under Hider they had more freedom of expression than they do today. But if you say that in Germany now you’ll be arrested and sent to prison for it
In the National Alliance we believe that Americans ought to understand that It was not just for German freedom that we were demonstrating two weeks ago. It was for American freedom as well. The unfortunate fact is that our government in Washington agrees with the German government’s repression of dissidents in Germany. The Bush government would like very much to be able to imprison its critics in America the way the German government imprisons its dissidents. On the very day before our demonstration Mr. Bush’s government forcibly sent a young German musician, Hendrik Mobus, back to Germany so that he can be imprisoned for Politically Incorrect statements he made there before fleeing to this country and seeking political asylum here.
Our Immigration and Nationality Act specifically says that asylum is available to:
(A)ny person who is outside any country of such person's nationality... and who is unable or unwilling to return to, and is unable or unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of that country because of persecution or well-founded fear of persecution on account of race, reli-
g'on, nationality, membership in a particu-r social group, or political opinion.
That’s what the U.S. law says, and it seems clear enough that* having been convicted twice in absentia by German courts while he was seeking asylum here for things he had said in Germany before fleeing, Hen-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
drik had a “well-founded fear of persecution on account of ... [his] political opinion." And so from the beginning the National Alliance supported Hendrik’s struggle for freedom. We hired attorneys for him and paid all of his expenses in the effort to win political asylum for him.
In the final ruling against Hendrik before they turned him over to the German government to be locked up, the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals said that they found that the German government had a “right” to enforce its laws intended to:
discourage the political activities of groups seen as sympathetic to or supportive of extremely nationalistic or Nazi-like causes.
This quote is direcdy from the ruling. Well, I’m no lawyer, but it seems to me that being convicted and sentenced to prison for making statements seen by the German government as “sympathetic to or supportive of extremely nationalistic or Nazi-like causes” amounts to “persecution on account of... political opinion.”
You know, I have a strong suspicion that if Hendrik were Chinese instead of German, and the Chinese government wanted to lock him up for having said things it didn’t like, the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals would have viewed his petition for asylum differendy. I suspect that would be the case because opposition by a Chinaman to the Chinese government is not seen as a threat by a certain very powerful minority group in the United States, whereas opposition by a German to the German government that the U.S. Army installed after the war to keep the German people under control very definitely is seen as a threat.
Of course, the principal lie about Germany that is propagated by the media and the schools and the government here isn’t the lie that Germany is a free country today. It is the lie that for no reason at all Hitler killed six million innocent, inoffensive, blameless Jews in gas chambers during the war. This is the socalled “Holocaust” story that Germans are not permitted to investigate or question. They are required to swallow it whole, under penalty of law — and to do penance by supporting Israel.
To be sure, Hider did kill Jews. That was a necessary concomitant of restoring Germany to health. When
Anti-National Alliance demonstrators carry signs reading “No Free Speech for Nazi Terrorists” and “Nazi Scum, Wake Up, It’s Time to Die."
communists were rounded up and thrown into concentration camps in Germany before the war, many of them were Jews. And during the fight against the Soviet Union, groups of Jews were rounded up and put into concentration camps in the east, because nearly all of them were partisans of the communists. When the Germans failed to round them up, the local citizens in Poland and Ukraine and the Baltic states often rounded them up themselves and killed them, because the Jews had collaborated with the Soviets in persecuting the non-Jewish citizens of these countries. There’s a big ruckus in the Jewish media at the moment about the Poles taking revenge against the Jews of the town of Jedwabne in 1941 after the Germans drove out the Reds.
I really don’t know how many Jews the Germans killed, but it cer-
tainly was less than the numbef of German civilians and prisoners of war killed by or at the instigation of the Jews after the war. The Americans collaborated in this genocidal campaign against the Germans, allowing gangs of armed, murderous Jews in U.S. Army uniforms to run wild through conquered Germany, raping,, looting, and killing. German prisoners of war were starved to death on a massive scale after they had surrendered. Some were poisoned by being fed bread laced with arsenic. And the Americans, who supposedly had been fighting to “liberate” the Germans, turned the whole eastern half of Germany over to the communists at the end of the war. Some “liberation”! It’s no wonder that American GIs began using the term so cynically. To “liberate” came to mean to steal, to loot, to despoil, to plunder and pillage.
Anyway, the Germans lost their freedom in 1945, and they still haven’t regained it. The Jews who control our news and entertainment media think that’s a good thing, and therefore, of course, our government does too. The National Alliance was protesting against the lack of freedom in Germany and also against the attitude of the media and the government in this country that the Germans shouldn’t have freedom, nor should Americans who refuse to follow the Jewish party line. So as soon as the National Alliance people began arriving at the German Embassy, they were attacked by a shrieking gaggle of the Chosen Ones who had been bused in from New York for the purpose. The Jews, representing such groups as the International Socialist Organization, the World Workers’ Party, something called Anti-Racist Action, and a coven of militant lesbians, began spitting and swinging weapons.
Most of the Jews were masked: that is, they were wearing ski masks or bandannas tied across their faces. The District of Columbia has an antimask law, enacted back during the 1920s as an anti-Klan measure, but the police seemed to believe that the law doesn’t apply to Jews or communists, because no one was arrested for concealing his face behind a mask or a bandanna. The enemy’s weapons were things they could claim weren’t really weapons, but that nevertheless could do substantial damage. One of
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2001
15
theta was swinging a skateboard, and another was using a heavy lug wrench when they attacked Billy Roper, who works with me in Hillsboro, but who was leading our group of demonstra-tors in Washington.
I wasn’t there myself, but I have studied the videotape from a news camera, and one can clearly see these Jewish champions of international brotherhood trying to kill Billy with a heavy skateboard and a lug wrench. They put a nasty gash over his right eye before our people grabbed them and held them for the police. Our people, of course, in obedience to the law, all were unarmed, neady dressed, and prepared for a peaceful demonstration, but since we had as many people as the Jews had, the odds weren’t to their liking and they didn’t stick around long. We marched in front of the embassy for two hours, primarily for the benefit of the news media, so that our message would reach the American public as well as the German government. One Washington television station — Channel 9 — carried a reasonably good report of the demonstration and of the Jewish effort to stop it; the Washington Post and most of the other media gave minimal coverage.
So our member Billy Roper, a high school history teacher from Arkansas, got a gash over his eye and some bruises, the National Alliance is $20,000 in the hole for legal expenses trying to win asylum for Hendrik; and Hendrik is in a German prison, where he must spend at least the next five years of his life for having said some things that the Chosen People who control both Germany and the United States didn’t like. And the American people, like most of the German people, continue watching their television screens in blissful ignorance, growing fetter, and thinking exactly what the Jewish masters of Hollywood and the networks tell them to think.
Excuse me: that’s not entirely correct The situation really isn’t as static as that makes it seem. The masters of the media are not content with keeping most of the Gentile population in
Billy Roper
a stupor of ignorance and consumption. They are consumed with the same murderous hatred for our people that inspired the communists, lesbians, and other Jewish radicals to attempt to murder one of our peaceful demonstrators in Washington by beating him over the head with a lug wrench and a skateboard. The media masters and their allies in the government, in the schools, and in the pulpit are pushing hard for “speech crime” laws in the United States of the same sort that resulted in Hendrik being imprisoned in Germany.
And the other side of the situation is that not all of our people are in a brainwashed stupor. More than ever before, the perceptive and independent-minded few are rousing themselves in alarm over the danger
that threatens all of us. The danger to Americans is not just that of the loss of our freedom, leaving us, like the Germans, unable to speak out against those who want to destroy us. The danger comes from a whole flood of evils accompanying the campaign against our freedom. The flood of non-White immigrants into the White world — in America, in Australia, in Europe — is causing some to join us. The growing corruption of our courts and our legislatures is rousing others. The all too visible examples of South Africa and Rhodesia — visible, that is, to those not totally numbed by the Jewish poison pouring forth from their television screens — these examples of what happens to White nations that succumb to the Jew-inspired, womanish whining of the multiculturalists and the diversity-mongers, the whining of, uOh, why can’t we ail just learn to get along together? Why can’t we all just love each other: Blacks and Asians and mestizos and Whites? There’s plenty for all of us if we’ll just share and be nice to each other” — these examples of the descent into rape and disease and murder and squalor and savagery and degradation and racial extinction wherever Jewish propaganda has prevailed — are moving others finally to stand with us.
What is coming to America will be terrible and bloody. What "will happen even to those who have tried desperately to stay out of the fight will be far more painful that what happened to Billy Roper when he was attacked by a Jewish mob in Washington two weeks ago. But we can see now at least the possibility of light and sanity and health once again after the great bloodletting that is coming. It really is a race now between the Jews and their allies on one side, and the awakening few on our side: the few who still have time to prevail against the enemies of our people everywhere if they can find the courage and the will to act soon
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Demonstrating for Freedom,” aired on August 11, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available ffom National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year