Let us dare to read, think, speak and write. — John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH -NOVEMBER 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. XI
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of Amen-™nmsM Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio
program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of *he ®am® 1 $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the Fi Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Face Grime and Anthrax
Dr. William Pierce III
Advice Patriots

__ '
Dr. William Pierce


Them All B ack

Dr. William Pierce

■
Why Revolution

Dr. William Pierce

Face Crime and Anthrax
Some novels are worth reading just because they’re entertaining or exciting. Others are worth reading because we can learn something worthwhile from them. Occasionally, a novel may even be prophetic: we can learn something about the future from reading it It is a rare novel indeed that is both entertaining and prophetic. Such is the novel 1984, written in 1948 by the Englishman Eric Arthur Blair using the pen name George Orwell.
I first read 1984 in 1955 when I was a graduate student and found it so fascinating that 1 reread it at least three times in subsequent years. What fascinated me about the novel was the feeling that I had, while reading it each time, that it not only was prescient, that it not only was telling me things about the future that I felt were likely to come about, but it also was revealing to me very fundamental things about the nature of people and governments: things that I had not been taught elsewhere because they
were Politically Incorrect — although the term “Politically Incorrect” had not yet been coined.
Here’s an example: Orwell talks about the ideological regimentation of the English public by the government. People were punished not only for doing or writing or saying something Politically Incorrect; they were punished for thinking Politically Incorrect thoughts: “thought crime,” it was called. The Thought Police were the all-powerful enforcers of Political Correctness. In 1984, there also was another type of crime for which people were punished: it was called “face crime,” and a person committed a “face crime” if he had a Politically Incorrect expression on his face at any time. For example, if a person smiled when he should have frowned, or showed distaste or disapproval when he should have shown admiration, then he had committed a “face crime” and could be severely punished.
Well, that’s only fiction, but in the real world a little over a decade ago Jewish organizations and the media began their big push to have all sorts of “hate crime” legislation
2
enacted in America. “Hate crime,” of course, is essentially “thought crime. “Hate crime” legislation punishes a person for what he supposedly was thinking at the time he committed some act The politician predictably put up almost no resistance. The Jews demanded it, so the politicians went along with it and began passing the laws that the Jews wanted. The Sally Soccer Moms and the Joe Sixpacks also thought “hate crime” laws were good things. Who wants to be in favor of hate.7 Outlaw it, get rid of it I’ve spoken often in these broadcasts about the Orwellian nature of the program to enact more “hate crime” laws. It was largely in connection with the mindless willingness of the public to go along with this trashing of their most fundamental freedoms that I began using the term “lemming” to describe people who believe whatever they arc told to believe by their television screens and who then adjust their attitudes and opinions accordingly. Orwell also clearly understood this aspect of human nature. He understood that most people are susceptible to thought control by the media and by the government He understood that no matter how repressive a government becomes, most people will never think of rebelling or even want to rebel, as long as they believe that miost other people approve of the government.
I found this aspect of Orwell’s book most interesting and also most profoundly depressing: his portrayal of the ease with which the thinking of the public can be controlled by the government and the media. Prior to absorbing the message of Orwell’s 1984, la had a rather idealistic view of people — that is, of my people, my follow White men and women. I had thought of the White public as being comprised of a mass of individuals, each able to think for himself and make his own decisions about the world around him. I had thought that if it were dear to me that the government is corrupt and is not serving the interests of our people, then all I had to do to persuade other people that the government does not deserve their support is show them the evidence. I thought that most other people could reach rational decisions about such matters. But when 1 read 1984, I had the nagging conviction
FREE SPEECH
for November 2001
1984
that Orwell was right about the nature of most people, and I was wrong. Orwell’s portrayal of people had the ring of truth.
For a long time, however, I resisted accepting Orwell’s view of the nature of the public because I didn’t want to accept it I wanted to keep my idealistic view of my fellow men. But eventually my own observations and my reason convinced me that Orwell was right, and that most people are, in fact, not individuals at all, but are lemmings.
I thought about the implications of that quite a bit, and I finally decided that it wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. If the race had evolved that way, then it must have been for a reason. It must have survival value. And, of course, it does. We are able to have stable societies only because most people arc lemmings: only because most people think and act only as members of the mass, not as individuals. In a time of war, for example, it is essential for a community or a nation to be united in its thinking. That’s one of the reasons that multiculturalism weakens a nation. Thats one of the reasons I’ve condemned as traitors
the people trying to keep America1 borders open to the Third World, J ing to bring more “diversity” to AnJ ica. They are weakening America, damaging America.
Anyway, lemminglike behavior was one thing before the age of televi-sion; it’s something with quite differ-ent consequences when the powerful tool of television is in the hands of an alien minority with its own agenda, with its own interests, which in many cases are diametrically opposed to the I interests of our people. My own concern, all of my work, has not been to change the nature or the behavior of our people; it has been to liberate them from the destructive influences that take advantage of our people and that manipulate them in ways opposed to their own interests. That’s why I’ve focused so much on the all' important fact of Jewish media con-trol.
Let me go back to Orwell’s 1984 and to its all too prophetic descrip-tions of a government enforcing laws against “thought crime,” and the people going along with this sort of ideological regimentation without complaint. Remember Orwell’s description of “face crime”? I have on my desk a news report from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch last week. It’s about an 11-year-old fifth grader at a St. Louis-area school who was suspended from school last week for smiling inappropriately. The news story is headed, “School suspends boy who drew picture of attack, then grinned while showing it.”
The boy’s class had been given the assignment of writing about the September 11 attack. The boy drew a sketch of the twin towers of the World Trade Center with flames and smoke coming from the upper floors. The principal of the boy’s school asked to see the drawing. The boy, Paul Volz, showed it to the principal and smiled. The principal, Jeff Boyer, suspended Paul form school and sent him home with a note. The principal’s note to Paul’s father read:
When I asked him why he did this, he just looked at me and smiled. This is totally inappropriate, and Paul's behavior has to change.
Paul’s father complained to the newspaper, and a reporter tried to contact the principal, but the principal refused to return his call. 1 he reporter then contacted a spokesman
© 2001 • National Vanguard Boob - Box 330 ■ Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
for the school district, Ben Heit. Heit told the reporter that it was Paul’s smile, not the drawing itself, that brought the suspension. All of this is in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch of October 4.
Think about this story for a minute. I believe that most of us think of the attack on the World Trade Center as a very serious matter. Certainly, 6,000 people being killed is not a laughing matter for most of us. Paul Volz's smiling about the picture he drew may very well have indicated that the 11-year-old boy didn’t take the attack seriously. But you know, in America, we used to be free to make up our own minds about what we would take seriously and what we wouldn’t. When a neighbor — or an 11-year-old kid — didn’t agree with us about what should be smiled at and what shouldn’t, that was nobody’s business but his. We couldn’t sic the FBI on him — or suspend him from school. It’s clear that Paul’s principal believes that that view of things is old-fashioned. He believes that the time has come when it is appropriate to punish people for “face crimes.”
My concern is that many Sally Soccer Moms and Joe Sixpacks feel the same way about it that Principal Jeff Boyer does. In this case, I suspect that the war hysteria being drummed up by the media emboldened the principal to act as he did. I’m concerned that before this war is over, people like Principal Boyer, with an Orwellian Thought Police mentality, will use the war to justify many more 1984-style curtailments of our freedom. The media bosses have been preaching for years that the First Amendment was never meant to protect “offensive speech” or speech that hurts other people’s feelings: “hate speech” they call it. And there are literally millions of American voters who have let themselves be persuaded to go along with that view. Who needs “hate speech”? they think. It just hurts people’s feelings and stirs them up against other people. Who wants to be in favor of speech that hurts people’s feelings? Oudaw it, get rid of it. And what better time for the media bosses and their political lackeys in the government to push for new “speech crime” laws than when America is at war? Americans need to be united now, they say. We need to pull together. We must not have peo-
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
pie saying things that divide us. That only serves the purpose of the enemy. So let's oudaw “hate speech” now. And simultaneously with this campaign to destroy our most basic freedoms, they tell us that we need to wage war against the enemies of our “freedom and democracy” in the Middle East. I’ll bet they’re really laughing up their sleeves about that.
And really, don’t they have a right to laugh at us, to feel contempt for us? They use our democracy — that is, our electoral system, in which the lemmings, whose opinions they control through their television, are used to put their approved politicians into public office — they use our democracy — to take away our freedom, and they use our people to help them do it. And they facilitate the whole process by getting us to fight a war against their enemies in the Middle East, telling us that it’s a war to safeguard our “freedom and democracy.” Wise men, such as George Orwell, warned us about this sort of thing more than 50 years ago, but if we judge by people like Principal Jeff Boyer and school board official Ben Heit, the warnings haven’t helped much.
Clear indications of the contempt they feel for us and of their confidence in their ability to continue manipulating us for their own purposes are visible in many places, but probably nowhere more than in Israel itself. There’s been a lot of discussion among the Israeli politicians in the Knesset during recent weeks about how to take the best advantage of the September 11 attack on New York and Washington. The Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, is all in favor of carrying out a massive program of ethnic cleansing against the Palestinians while the Americans are preoccupied with annihilating the Jews’ other enemies in the Middle East Simon Perez, a former prime minister and currendy Israel’s foreign minister, favors a more cautious policy — at least, in public he favors caution.
The discussion between Sharon and Perez is almost like a bad cop, good cop routine. Sharon is a certified war criminal, a professional terrorist with a record much longer than that of Osama bin Laden, and a mass murderer, who is currendy defying the efforts of an international war crimes tribunal in Brussels to put him on
3
trial for organizing the butchery of Palestinian women and children in the Sabra and Chatila refugee camps in Lebanon in 1982. His principal constituency among Israeli Jews is the raving-mad Orthodox element and the Jewish settlers in the so-called “occupied territories.” Perez, a member of the Labor Party, appeals more to the roodess, cosmopolitan, pseudoliberal Jewish element and pretends to be in favor of the badly misnamed “peace process.”
Deception characterizes nearly everything that the Israelis do publicly. Privately, the Jews in both the Sharon and the Perez camps are enormously pleased by the September 11 attack on New York and Washington and by the Bush government’s declaration of war against Israel’s enemies in the Middle East. Sharon, however, pretends to be angry about the American efforts to build a coalition of so-called “moderate” Arab states to help in the war against Afghanistan and Iraq. Sharon blusters that the Bush government is trying to “sell Israel out” by making agreements with Arab states. These agreements may later turn out to be disadvantageous to Israel, Sharon complains.
Sharon is a master of what the Jews proudly call “chutzpah,” which is a combination of incredible arrogance and spectacular brazenness mixed with a breathtaking degree of bald-faced deceit American long-term support for Israel’s aggression led to the attack of September 11 in which 6,000 Americans were killed; America then launched a war to destroy Israel’s enemies in the Middle East under the guise of “fighting terrorism” and protecting America’s “freedom and democracy,” and Sharon complains that we’re doing it at Israel’s expense! It’s the old Jewish trick of never being satisfied, no matter how much is given to them: of always complaining that they don’t have enough and demanding more, as if we owe it to them! If we remind them of how much we already have done for them, of how many sacrifices we already have made for them, the response is an expression of injured innocence and, “Yes, but vot haff you done for us today?”
Really, one hardly can blame them. I don’t know who coined the saying, “Never give a sucker an even break,” but the Jews certainly have
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
taken it to heart That is quite evident to anyone monitoring these Knesset discussions. Most of the discussions can be found in Jewish Telegraphic Agency or Reuters news reports, but some of the most lurid discussions are not reported in print The week before last, the Hebrew-language Jerusalem radio station Kol Yisrael — that's Hebrew for “all Israel” — reported one debate that I have not found in print anywhere. According to Kol Yisrael, Sharon and Perez were discussing the Israeli government’s actions against the Palestinians. Perez was arguing that the Israelis should at least maintain the pretense of seeking an end to the violence in order to keep the Americans happy. Sharon turned angrily to Perez and shouted:
Every time we do something, you warn me that America will do mis or America will do that. I will tell you something very dearly: don't worry about American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people, control America, and the Americans know it
This outburst from Sharon was followed by another warning from Perez that Sharon should be careful not to say such things. Clearly, when Sharon said that the Americans know that the Jews control their country, he wasn't talking about the Sally Soccer Moms and the Joe Sixpacks, who don't know anything they aren't told by television. He was talking about the politicians and the bureaucrats: about George Bush and Bill Clinton
and the rest of the crowd that always has done Israel’s bidding.
I’m reminded of something that happened 25 years ago, when General George Brown was the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He was showing an Israeli delegation some new, high-tech American weapons. The Israelis said they wanted them. General Brown told them that they weren’t available for export, that the Congress hadn’t approved them for use by anyone except the United States. The Israelis replied arrogandy, “Don’t you worry about the Congress. We’ll take care of the Congress.” And, of course, they did. They got the weapons they wanted. And General Brown got in a lot of trouble and was even accused of “anti-Semitism” for telling others about this incident
You know, we have a big, big problem here in America. The problem is not that people all over the world hate our guts and are willing to sacrifice their own lives in order to inflict damage on us. The problem is not that we are subjected to terrorist attacks with hijacked airliners or with deadly biological warfare agents such as anthrax. We could lose a lot of people to terrorist attacks and still survive as a nation.
The problem is not terrorism. The problem is that we have lost control of our own government Our government no longer responds to our needs; instead it responds to die
demands of an alien minority and i done this for a long time. It*.
worse than that. The Jews’ control our mass media of news and ente tainment, which has enabled them to
gain control of the politicians and the government, has weakened - really sickened — our whole people. fo order to gain control of the govern-ment they first had to subvert our people. They had to change our beliefs and our attitudes. They had to distract our attention from the important things and get us preoccupied with unimportant things. They had to make us forget our values and traditions. They had to break down our pride and independence. They had to change the way we raise our children. They had to subvert our educational system and our churches and other institutions, one at a time. They had to confuse us and make us feel guilty for being what we were. They had to make us ashamed of our forefathers. They had to make us afraid to say in public what we felt about our own people and about others. They had to corrupt our political system, the way we chose our leaders. And then they were able to take control of our government and use us for their own purposes.
I’ve been preaching about this for more than 30 years — about the effects of Jewish television on our people. I’ve been writing about it in books and in pamphlets and in leaflets. It was more than 25 years ago when I wrote my book The Turner Diaries, warning about what would happen to America. I’ve been warning about it on the Internet. I’ve been talking about it every week in the American Dissident Voices broadcasts. Many people listened. Many people agreed with me. But they thought that they didn’t have to do anything. They thought that they could sit it out. But nobody can sit out what is happening to America now. We are beginning to pay the price for allowing ourselves to be subverted, for giving up control of our government, of our destiny. We are beginning to pay the price for letting ourselves, our nation, be used by an alien minority to advance their own interests at the expense of ours.
We are beginning to pay the price, and before we have finished paying the price we will discover that it is a heavy price indeed. Bombing the whole Middle East flat will not
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
5
solve our problem. Our problem is here, not in Afghanistan or in Iraq. What Osama bin Laden gave us on September 11 was just a wakeup call. What the people mailing out anthrax* infected letters are giving us is just a reminder that we can have no real security — in feet, no real future for our children and our grandchildren — until we regain control of our own government. You must not believe the
generals and the politicians who tell you confidendy from your television screens that, if we just use enough cruise missiles and smart bombs and kill enough of the Jews’ enemies in the Middle East, we’ll be safe again. Americans will never again have real security or real peace of mind until they have regained control of their government and their media.
Let’s get started!
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Face Crime and Anthrax,” aired on October 13, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Advice for Patriots
Today, let’s talk about some of the things that have changed in America since September 11. I’m not thinking about all of the new rigmarole at airports or about how Mr. Bush’s campaign of cruise-missile diplomacy in the Middle East is going, or even about how opening the mail each morning in media offices around the country and in politicians’ offices in Washington has become a much more exciting operation than it used to be when Ted Kaczynski was the only person putting dangerous things into letters.
I’m more interested in the changes in the Politically Correct party line laid down for the lemmings by the media. I’m interested in changes in the way Americans view the world. And I’m interested in the changed prospects for the future of America.
The most interesting thing about the new party line is its stupidity. The Jews were caught by surprise last month, and they had to whip up something in a hurry in order to deflect blame from Israel and from the U.S. government’s support for Israel. Apparendy the best they could do on a moment’s notice is the explanation that Osama bin Laden attacked us simply because he hates our freedom and democracy. Since they first cooked up that explanation they’ve refined it quite a bit. Both the Foreign Ministry in Israel and the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, Israel’s enormously powerful lobby in Washington, have been circulating “talking papers” to their own people, to politicians, and to everyone else who is likely to be making a public statement about America’s new war or about Washington’s past policy in the Middle East
These “talking papers” tell people how to counter what the Jews call Osama bin Laden’s “lies” and also how to respond to anyone who suggests that our government’s support of Israel might have had something to do with the September 11 attack. The papers warn people never to raise this subject, but if someone else insists on talking about it, it is to be countered with the explanation that support for Israel had nothing at all to do with the attack, that we would have been attacked even if we weren’t supporting Israel, and that the only reason for the attack is Osama bin Laden’s irrational hatred of America’s freedom and democracy.
I believe that it’s clear that many people actually believe this nonsense, judging by the number of cars with red, white, and blue ribbons tied to their antennas. But these are the people who believe everything Tom Brokaw or their beloved Big Brother in the White House cells them. If George Bush came on TV and told them with that mock-solemn expression of his that a Martian invasion force had just landed, that the Martians were demanding one million sacrificial virgins as their price for not destroying Hollywood and Washington, and that U.S. Army troops would be going door to door to collect virgins, the folks with the ribbons on their antennas would believe it, and they would prepare to hand over any virgins in their households. They would consider it to be their patriotic duty. The party line may change from time to time, but lemmings never change.
Well, the lemmings may believe that U.S. support for Israel had nothing to do with the September 11 attack or with the anthrax-laced letters
now going around, but no one else believes it. Last week the media bosses were kicking themselves because they had let the text of a statement Osama bin Laden had made be published in the United States. They said that they had made a mistake in putting this statement before the American public. They wouldn’t publish any further Osama bin Laden statements, they said, because the statements might contain secret instructions for his operatives.
Everyone I’ve spoken with laughed at that excuse. In his last statement Osama bin Laden said that Americans would not be secure and would have no peace of mind as long as Palestinians were not secure in their own land. That’s the sort of powerful and simple message that even Sally Soccer Mom and Joe Six-pack might understand, and that’s what the Jewish media bosses don’t want the public to hear. They’re not worried about secret instructions; they’re worried about the lemmings figuring out what’s going on.
Actually, I think there’s very little danger of that And really, the changes I’m more interested in are in the oudook of the minority of the population able to think for itself: the minority that doesn’t believe whatever Tom Brokaw says. You know, I’ve been talking to this minority for years — decades, actually — warning them about the consequences of letting their government get out of control, warning them of the consequences of permitting the Jews of Hollywood and New York to run our country through their control of our mass media, warning them of the consequences of continuing to sit on their hands and keep their mouths shut from fear of
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
A police officer in California opens mail outside due to the anthrax scare.
being denounced by the media as “anti-Semites” or “racists.”
And I wasn’t having as much success as I wanted at getting them to pay attention and change their ways. Many of those who listened wouldn’t do anything because what I was warning them about didn't seem quite real. Despite all the changes they could see around them — the deterioration of our cities and our schools, the darkening of the racial complexion of America, the trashing of our culture by the mass media, the increasingly obvious efforts of the Jewish media bosses to persuade our young women that they should bed down with non-Whites — despite everything, they themselves managed to remain comfortable and economically secure, so the things I was warning them about didn’t seem quite teal. They had convinced themselves that they were above it ail, that they could continue to watch the destruction of their country and their people all around them, and it would never affect them personally: that they could remain secure and comfortable while everything around them went to hell.
Osama bin Laden jolted some of them awake on September 11: some of those whose attention 1 hadn’t
been able to catch with my own warnings. He convinced some of them that what they had been observing going on around them for years was in fact real: that continuing to ignore the degenerative processes promoted by the media and the government and hoping for the best really wasn’t a good strategy for personal survival. In particular, he convinced many members of the thinking minority that losing control of our government really is a serious matter, that permitting our government to be used by the Jews against their neighbors in the Middle East — and also against the genuine interests of the American people — could have real consequences at home.
I have the feeling that many of these thinking people are paying at least a little more attention now to the things we’ve been talking about here every week. The fact that the number of people who download my weekly American Dissident Voices broadcasts from my Web site each Saturday has neatly doubled since September 11 is a pretty good indication of this. Just as I’m getting more hate mail from the ted-white-and-blue-ribbon types, I’m also getting more thoughtful responses from the people who
understand and care. Which is to Sav I think that I now have an audieiS that is not only is bigger but also \ more attentive and responsive. That is really important.
I’m not discouraged by the fact that the attentive and responsive peo. pie still constitute only a minority of a minority. I’m encouraged by the fact that the attentive people now make up a larger minority of the thinking por-tion of the population than they did before September 11. Important things always are done by minorities. Majorities don’t make decisions; individuals do; small minorities do. History is made by active minorities. Sometimes an active minority may use the passive majority as a tool or as a weapon, but the minority always acts in accord with its own will.
What’s important is which minority is making the decisions, which minority is active at any particular moment. For at least the past 60 years it’s been the wrong minority, an alien minority that is implacably hostile to our people. If we ate to survive, that must change. Our minority must become active instead. Our minority must grow to include more of the thinking portion of our population. And that is happening now. That’s been happening since September 11.
The people who understand and care have been forced to begin paying attention. I have a very strong premonition that there will be other things in the reasonably near future that will make them pay even closer attention. The Bush government, just like the Clinton government before it, thinks that it can stop terrorism with cruise missiles and smart bombs. But just think for a moment: whether Osama bin Laden survives the Bush government’s current war against Israel’s enemies in the Middle East or not, he already has become immortal. In the eyes of Muslims he has been elevated to a status in heaven alongside Mohammed. His name will be praised, and stories will be told about him around campfires throughout the Muslim world for coundess generations to come, long after the Bush government has gone and been forgotten. Cruise missiles can’t take Osama bin Laden’s immortality away from him. There’s nothing the Bush government can do to diminish his glory in the Muslim world. In fact, the more cruise missiles and smar
© 2001 . National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/»ear
bombs the United States unleashes on the Muslim world, the higher will Osama bin Laden’s esteem rise; the more will his strike against the United States seem justified to his fellow Muslims.
Don’t be fooled by the tame “house Muslims” the media bosses have been trotting out to explain to the lemmings that violence is abhorrent to “real Muslims.” The real Muslims are the ones rioting against the government in Pakistan now. The teal Muslims are the ones singing Osama bin Laden’s praises now. And there will be no shortage of other young Muslims lusting for a share in his glory, lusting to have their praises sung around campfires too. Cruise missiles don’t frighten them. There are enough of them already in this country to keep things jumping, thanks to the government’s insane immigration policy of recent decades. The anthrax-laced letters that have been going around all Were mailed from inside this country. And anthrax is by no means the nastiest thing that can be mailed in an envelope. The media won’t even mention the biological warfare agents the government is really afraid of, because they don’t want to give anyone ideas.
The fact is, terrorism has been made much more fashionable since September 11, and the stakes have been raised. Simple truck bombs won’t get much respect in the future, but 1 have a suspicion that we’ll see a few more of them anyway. And I suspect that we’ll also see people trying to outdo Osama bin Laden’s September 11 televised extravaganza. The government and the media suspect the same thing, and they’re frightened. That’s why they’re trying so desperately to stifle dissent and keep everyone pledging allegiance to the flag.
At the University of California in Los Angeles a library worker, 53-year-old Jonnie Hargis, has been suspended without pay because he sent out an e-mail letter criticizing U.S. support for Israel’s aggression. The university administration explained that it has a policy against using university computers for political messages, but Hargis, who has worked at the UCLA library for 22 years, pointed out that no one who has been sending out pro-Israel and pro-war messages has been punished.
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
There are similar situations at other universities around the country. Jews and neo-conservatives post belligerent, bloodthirsty messages calling for the annihilation of all of the Jews’ enemies in the Middle East, including Iraq and Iran as well as Afghanistan. Anyone who calls instead for eliminating the cause of the September 11 attack — that is, for stopping the blind support by the U.S. government of Israel’s aggression — is censured and threatened with expulsion or with being fired.
There are still people around who can remember how it was at our universities during the Vietnam War. That was when treason ruled on campuses. Students burned their draft cards and put up Viet Cong flags and posters of Ho Chi Minh in their dormitories. Jewish activists in groups such as Students for a Democratic Society organized pro-Viet Cong rallies on campuses. Professors encouraged this activity, and administrators didn’t interfere, citing free speech.
The switch to red, white, and blue ribbons and saluting the flag came rather suddenly last month, and a lot of thinking people understand why it came. They understand that it is when America is involved in a war to promote Jewish interests that pledging allegiance to the flag suddenly is declared fashionable. When Israel’s welfare is threatened, Jews, ordinarily noted for their cynicism and irreverence, suddenly put their hands over their hearts and begin singing The Star-Spangled Banner, and they glare at anyone who isn’t singing loudly enough. And people who make the mistake of asking why get fired or suspended. But you know, firing people or suspending people who have dissenting opinions doesn’t go down well with the independent thinkers. And I’ll guarantee you: there will be a lot more dissent before this war is over. And the Jewish media won’t be able to hide it all.
What we are beginning to see now is a sharpening division between the Jews, their bought politicians, and the “I pledge allegiance,” authoritarian types on one side, and everyone else on the other side. We also saw a division, along different lines, during the Vietnam War, with the authoritarians and the Jews on opposite sides instead of the same side. I believe that
7
the division this time will develop fester and become sharper.
I don’t know how the war itself will develop. It was clear before it began that the U.S. military machine is quite capable of flattening Afghanistan or any other Third World country without suffering any significant losses to its own personnel, simply because we can hit them from a distance with a great deal of destructive power, and they don’t have the means to hit back — except through what we call “terrorism.” It is certain that there will be more terrorism, although, of course, I cannot predict the form it will take or its magnitude.
I can predict, however, that the media and the politicians will denounce it as “cowardly” and will act as if America has been wronged: that whatever form the next blow against America takes and wherever it comes from, it will be declared “unprovoked.” And I can predict that the polls published by the media will continue to show nearly every American wildly enthusiastic about the war, even as the opposition to the war grows.
One interesting thing about the opposition this time is that it is growing both among the Gentile Left and among genuine patriots. During the Vietnam War the members of the Gentile Left all were on the Jewish side. Despite the current agreement between leftists and patriots on the single issue of ending support for Israel and limiting the war in the Middle East, I don’t see much chance of real collaboration between these two elements. The Gentile Left is still hopelessly confused on such essential issues as race and feminism and homosexuality and permissiveness. But the war is indeed driving a wedge between Jews and Gentile leftists — a deeper wedge than that driven by the development of Jewish neo-conserva-tism after the Vietnam War, and for that we should be thankful.
There may be other hopeful developments as well. The assassination in Jerusalem this week of one of Israel’s most bloodthirsty Jewish militants by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine certainly was a welcome move. Until now all of the assassins have been Jews, and all of the victims have been Palestinians. It’s too soon to know whether or not this one act of retribution against the
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
Israeli leadership will be followed by other successful blows, but it may be that the events of recent weeks have emboldened the Pales-tinians to act with more imagination and enterprise than before.
Looking ahead a bit, there are several signs of hope here on our own home front The heightened sense of reality among non-lemmings, the lessening of their sense of detachment, the stronger realization that they cannot survive by continuing to sit on their hands and watch the Jews destroy the world around them — this is the single most important consequence of recent events. This, together with the growing alienation between Gentile leftists and Jews, leaves the Jews in a weaker XKtition than they have been in a ong time. They will crack their whips more frantically than before, trying to keep everyone in line, but the principal effect of that wall be to generate even mote resentment against them.
Things are a bit brittle now. A few dozen more anthrax cases, another truck bomb in a well chosen location, and substantial changes could take place in a hurry: a stock market panic, martial law measures by the Busn government, and a sharpening of the debate as to how we got ourselves | get into this mess in the first place. As the debate sharpens, the Jews and their collaborators will pull out all of the stops in an effort to stifle it, but I don’t think that even a declaration of martial law can stifle it now. Too many people already smell the stink in Washington. Too many people already understand on whose hands is the blood of 6,000 innocent Ameri-
tide is Hunter - I talked about a formation of a new anti-tertoti agency, separate from the S? And I pointed out that the pjX pal aim of the new agency w3j not be to protect the public fr0l5 terrorism, but to protect the g^. ernment from an increasingly rest. less and disillusioned public: a sort of modern Praetorian Guard.
I think that we’ll be seeing more developments in that direction in the next few months, with the timing depending upon when the next surprise comes and its magnitude.
Of course, I don’t know what will happen next to shatter already jangled nerves, but it is likely that something will happen. My advice to responsible patriots now is this: Expect a surprise, and remain calm when it comes. But don't wait for it to come to raise your voice. Speak out now. Don’t be intimidated by the mindless yahoos waving their flags or by the government or by the media. If you point out calmly and in a reasoned way who is responsible for what * happened to America last month you will have more people agreeing with you than you might imagine. If you call for your fellow Americans to join you in regaining control of their government, the response will be greater than at any time in recent years.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Advice for Patriots,” aired on October 20, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Dr. Pierce says not to be intimidated by the mindless yahoos waving their flags, by the government, or by the media.
cans who died last month. Too many people understand the true motivation behind the current war against Israel’s enemies in the Middle East. The genie is out of the bottle now, and not even Mr. Bush’s new anti-terrorismagpncy - what does he call it7 — the Office of Homeland Security? — can put it back in the botde.
It’s a strange thing: in a novel I wrote more than 12 years ago —• the
Subscribe to Free Speech!
Enclose $40 for a one your subscription to Speech.
Names	”	Mail to:
Address:	'	 —--------------------- National	Vanguard	Books
P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
O 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box
330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
9
Send Them All Back
A friend in New York has sent me a collection of New York newspapers with stories about the September 11 attack on the World Trade Center. I’ve scanned at least 20 issues of the New York Times, the New York Post, and the Daily News from the past six weeks. I wasn’t paying much attention to the repetitious stories about how many thousands of tons of rubble had been removed or how many bodies had been recovered. Instead, I was trying just to capture the flavor of the party line being fed to the public by the media in New York, which is pretty much the same flavor as that that being fed to the rest of the country, except perhaps a little stronger.
There are several components of this flavor, but the strongest is the intense, almost maniacal hostility directed against anyone who questions the assertion by the media and the government that the September 11 attack was based solely on the hatred that fundamentalist Muslims — especially Osama bin Laden and his followers — supposedly have for America’s “freedom and democracy.” Fundamentalist Muslims, according to the Bush government’s party line, believe in a theocratic society, of the sort established in Afghanistan by the Taliban. Since America doesn’t have such a society, they hate us, and that’s why they attacked us. And it’s the only reason, and don’t you even date to think that there might be some other reason for the attack. If you even hint at another reason, then you’re a dirty, lying, criminal anti-Semite, and you’re probably in league with the terrorists.
Really, the response of the media to a suggestion by anyone that the U.S. government’s support of Israel’s aggression against its neighbors might have been even partly responsible for the attack is a hysterical outpouring of scorn and hatred against the heretic. I have never been to Afghanistan and don’t know how the Taliban responds to critics, but the government over there hardly could be more intolerant toward dissenters than the media here are in this matter of questioning the reason for the September 11 attack.
Here’s an example: The whole front page of the October 12 issue of
New York’s Daily News is taken up by a photograph of Saudi Arabia’s Prince Alwaleed bin Talal viewing the wreckage of the World Trade Center just after he has given a personal check for $10 million to New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani to be used in the recovery effort. Under the prince’s photo, in a huge headline, are the words, “Shove It!” Not a very nice way to thank someone who has just donated $10 million to the city. Not even a nice thing to say in polite society. Why the newspaper’s hatred for the prince, who is one of the world’s wealthiest men? Is it because he is an Arab, and the newspaper’s editor believes he may have some link to Osama bin Laden? No, it hardly could be that: the editor understands that the fundamentalist Muslims hate people like the Saudi prince, whom they consider a traitor.
What caused the nasty headline was a comment the prince made as he was touring the wreckage of the World Trade Center. After denouncing Osama bin Laden and calling the attack “a tremendous crime,” the prince said:
I came here to show my allegiance to New York. We are here to tell America and to tell New York that Saudi Arabia is with the United States wholeheartedly.
That sounds kosher enough to please any media boss, doesn’t it7 But then a minute later the prince said:
At times like this one we must address some of the issues that led to such a criminal attack. I believe the government of the United States of America should reexamine its policies in the Middle East and adopt a more balanced stance toward the Palestinian cause. Our Palestinian brethren continue to be slaughtered at the hands of Israelis while the world turns the other cheek.
Oh, boy, that really blew it! After all of his public groveling and after his gift of $10 million to the city, the prince dared to suggest that U.S. support for Israel’s aggressive behavior in the Middle East might have had something to do with the attack. He had violated the taboo. He had deviated from the party line. He had spoken the unspeakable. Thus the scornful and insulting headline telling the prince to take his $10 million gift and “shove it” on the front page of
the Daily News. And Mayor Giuliani, as soon as he was told of the prince’s words, angrily ordered an aide to return the prince’s $10 million check and announced that the city would not accept the prince’s “tainted” money. Commentary about the prince in other New York newspapers was just as nasty as that in the Daily News. Columnists and editorial writers expressed not just disapproval of the prince’s statement; they were hysterical with hatred and rage.
Well, that’s New York. Rudolph Giuliani always has kept his nose well up under the Jews’ coattails. That’s how he became mayor. And I suppose that one shouldn’t be surprised by the headline on the front page of the Daily News, which is owned by New York Jewish real estate developer Mortimer Zuckerman. What’s really interesting is that virtually all of the other mainstream media around the country — and all the other politicians as well — echo the same party line. And the Gentile editors and columnists and politicians are, with a few exceptions, as vicious and hateful as the Jews themselves in attacking anyone who questions the party line that U.S. support for Israel had nothing at all to do with the events of September 11.
Two journalists in Oneida, New York, in an essentially Gentile area of the state more than 250 miles from Giuliani’s turf, didn’t toe the party line closely enough and learned to their sorrow what happens to those naive enough to believe in freedom of the press. Last Wednesday Jean Ryan, managing editor of the Oneida Daily Dispatch, and Dale Seth, the paper’s city editor, were fired by the paper’s publisher because they ran an editorial that quoted a Pakistani who pointed out that the state of Israel was founded on terrorism and that throughout the Middle East Israelis were looked on as the region’s preeminent terrorists. Furious Jews demanded the heads of the two editors, and the publisher, in order to avoid an advertising boycott, gave them up.
It is not too much to say that the Jews and their camp followers in the media and the government become
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
hysterical whenever the question of responsibility for the September 11 attack is raised. They refuse to discuss or debate the matter; they just begin shrieking and spitting. On the part of Jews I guess that is understandable. It is crystal clear that the principal reason for the attack was the U.S. government’s support for Israel’s atrocious behavior in the Middle East, against the Palestinians and oth-ers. No rational person doubts that, and Osama bin Laden him* self acknowledged it in public statements. The Jews are terrified that if they permit the matter to be debated in public, then even the lemmings — which is to say, the voters — may begin to see the light. And if the voters ever figure out what is going on, then many politicians may rebel against Jewish control and cut off U.S. support for Israel. And that would mean a quick demise for the Jewish state; without U.S. weapons and U.S. money Israel cannot survive. Thus the hysterical shrieking and name-calling whenever anyone links U.S. foreign policy to the September 11 attack. The aim is to keep a lid on the subject by keeping everyone intimidated, keeping everyone afraid of being denounced as an “anti-Semite” or a “sympathizer with terrorism” if he fails to toe the party line.
You know, terrorism is real. It’s not just an invention by the media. It’s something that we actually must learn to cope with in the sort of world that our government has made for us with its criminally irresponsible policies. But both the media and the government are badly misusing the term, much in the way they misuse such terms as “racism.” For example, when one of Ariel Sharon’s cabinet thugs, Rehavam Ze’evi, was assassinated last week by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, George Bush referred to it as an “act of terrorism,” a term he would not have dreamed of using to refer to any of Israel’s numerous assassinations of Palestinian lead-
DAILY
NEWS
Hum NIXES SAUDLPRINCE’S $10M CHECK HpfMfii
The October 12th edition of the Daily News
ers.
Ze’evi, by the way, was a close associate of Jewish mobsters involved in Israel’s international trade in White slaves. His friends and political allies operated the sex-slave rings which kidnap young Russian and
Ukrainian women in the lands pauperized by Jewish communism and bring them to Israel, where they are forced to work as sex slaves for the enrichment of their Jewish pimps. Killing Ze’evi was more like flushing a toilet than an “act of terrorism.”
The Jews have even called me a terrorist,” and the corrupt government in Washington has gone along with this name-calling. The fact is that I have never been involved in any criminal activity whatsoever, much less terrorism, nor have I ever urged others to engage in terrorism, and yet listen to what this government report, published by the government’s Centers for Disease Control, says about me. Under the general heading “Emerging Infectious Diseases” on the CDC’s Web site is a report written by a Jewess, Jessica Stern, identified in her own report as a member of the notorious Council on Foreign Relations. In her report, tided “The Prospect of Domestic Bioterrorism,” she writes:
Politically motivated terrorists who desire to change societies rather than
IL---	-----------
Fits. Some terrorists, however, want to annihilate their enemies or demolish the societal order. William Pierce, leader of the neo-Nazi organization | National Alliance, aims to initiate a | worldwide race war and establish an Aryan state.
She certainly makes it sound like I’m one of those “some terrorists” she mentions in the sentence just before the one in which she names me. That Centers for Disease Control report is currently on the CDC’s Web site at cdc.gov.
Now, one expects this sort of name-calling and deception from the Jews, and one expects it from the news media under their control. But it becomes a more worrisome matter when the Jews are able to use the government as a willing tool to propagate their lies and to help them in their deception of the American public. Just as George Bush will knowingly repeat any lie they tell him to repeat, the Jews are able to use a government agency such as the Centers for Disease Control, an agency charged with protecting the public health, to discredit as a “terrorist” any law-abiding citizen who exposes their lies or who otherwise displeases them.
If they can do it to me, they can do it to you or to anyone else who annoys them. And if you believe that there’s anyone in the terminally corrupt government in Washington who even cares about the way in which the Jews misuse the U.S. government for their own purposes, you are sadly mistaken. Tell them about it and they will just smirk at you and lie the way George Bush smirks and lies. The civil servants who cared were weeded out of the bureaucracy long ago. The last honest elected official threw in the towel at about the same time. And if you suggest that I sue the Jewess who wrote the report calling me a terrorist or the Council on Foreign Relations, to which she belongs, or the Centers for Disease Control, which published the report, for libel, then you don’t understand how the legal system in this country has been subverted.
Well, back to the party line in all of those New York newspapers I’ve been reading: One cornerstone of the party line is to prevent any public discussion of the real reason for the Sep-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
tember 11 attack; another cornerstone is to whip the lemmings up into a war hysteria, so that they will go along with a prolonged war in the Middle East on behalf of Israel. To this end the newspapers are full of stories and pictures designed to warm the hearts and stir the blood of the Joe Sixpacks and the Sally Soccermoms of the nation: pictures of schoolchildren waving flags and singing “The Star Spangled Banner”; speeches about “unity” and about all Americans pulling together, regardless of race or creed, to “fight terrorism.” And the photos of the “proud to be an American” types, displaying their flags and holding their hands over their hearts, are all appropriately multicultural, with Blacks, mestizos, and Asians mixed in with the Whites.
The columnists and the cartoonists in all of the New York papers are singing in tune with the editors and reporters. The columns were full of folksy anecdotes designed to get everyone into a flag-waving mood. A column in the September 24 New York Post quoted a woman at a rally against terrorism in Yankee Stadium: “They sought to divide us,” she said. “But instead they united us as never before.”
I quote columnist Steve Dun-leavy:
Throughout Yankee Stadium on a Sunday blessed with sunshine you almost felt like you could touch the emotion in the air with your finger. Every color, every creed, every race, every religion together.
And Dunleavy talks about the tears on people’s faces as they sing the old songs designed to build patriotism during the First and Second World Wars. And let me tell you, for most Americans this is powerful stuff. People who have been alienated by the unnaturalness of multicultural-ism and modern urban life long for a feeling of togetherness, of solidarity, of purpose and mission. They want to feel strong and proud again, instead of impotent and empty and guilty for being White. Even people who ought to know better get swept up in this feeling.
And after they’ve got the lemmings feeling strong and proud again, the media tell them whom to hate, whom to direct their righteous wrath against First there are the internal enemies to be hated, and then there are the external enemies. The internal
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
enemies are those who aren’t marching in lockstep with everyone else, those who aren’t singing loudly enough, those who question the wisdom of rushing off to a major war against all of the Jews’ enemies in the Middle East, those who seek to damage our wonderful feeling of unity — to divide us — by asking about the causes of the September 11 attack. Special scorn is directed at the dissenters on America’s university campuses and at citizens who express concern about the Bill of Rights being trampled by those eager to wage war and to keep everyone else in line. The neo-conservative Jew William Kristol has a newspaper filled with such scorn. It’s called The Weekly Standard, and its columns and editorials are prominently reproduced in the New York papers that I scanned.
As for the external enemies, well, of course, there’s Osama bin Laden, but the hatred and wrath of the aroused lemmings are being directed far wider than that. A cartoon in the same issue of the New York Post that I cited a minute ago features a garbage barrel with rats being dropped into it. The barrel is labeled “Barrel of Vermin.” One of the rats is labeled “Taliban,” another is labeled “Iraq,” and a third is labeled “Iran.” Not “Iraqi terrorists” or “Iranian terrorists”; just “Iraq” and “Iran,” the whole countries, the two Middle Eastern nations most feared by Israel, but which, so far as we know, had nothing to do with the September 11 attack. The cartoon appears right above a William Kristol column beating the drums for a general war and disparaging pacifists. The message of the cartoon is clear: they all wear towels on their heads; they’re all vermin; let’s kill 'em all.
That message doesn’t exactly jibe with the Bush government’s campaign to build a coalition of so-called “moderate” Muslim states, but the general tenor of the propaganda in the New York papers is that we shouldn’t be splitting hairs now. We should hug the nearest non-White who doesn’t have a towel on his head, sing “The Star Spangled Banner” with him, and then go marching off to war together.
Just to avoicT any misunderstanding, I’ll say again now what I’ve said before. I have no real fondness for anyone in the Middle East. I do not believe that Middle Easterners, Arabs
11
or Jews — especially Jews — should be permitted to live in America or in Europe. I have no sympathy for Islam or any other Semitic religion from the Middle East. But I do not believe that we need to go to war against Iraq or Iran or even Afghanistan in order to protect Americans from terrorism or to protect any other American interests. And I strenuously object to going to war against anyone to protect Israel’s interests.
If we really have proof that Osama bin Laden organized the September 11 attack, then let’s punish him without waging war against another country. Confiscate Osama bin Laden’s assets wherever they can be found, expel all Middle Easterners from the United States so that he has no followers left here to mail anthrax-infected letters around the country, and send a team of CLA assassins into Afghanistan to find him. But quit waging war on other countries or trying to install puppet governments in other countries for the sake of Israel.
And after Osama bin Laden has been terminated, let’s go after the people who are really responsible for the September 11 attacks. And you know who those people are: they are the politicians in Washington who have been putting the interests of one particular tribe of Middle Easterners ahead of American interests for the past 50 years. The members of that particular Middle Eastern tribe don’t wear towels on their heads; they wear little, round caps called yarmulkes, and they’ve done infinitely more damage to our people than the towel-heads ever dreamed of doing. The politicians in Washington serve this tribe because the members of the tribe have gained control of nearly all of the mass media of news and entertainment in America and through this control are able to manipulate the American political process.
This tribe was not satisfied with the wealth and power it acquired in America, however. Always remembering its Middle Eastern roots, it lusted for control of the Middle East too, and with the support of the American government that it had corrupted it began seizing land in the Middle East, killing or pushing aside the indigenous Muslim peoples. Every U.S. President, from Harry Truman through George W. Bush — even
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
A group of Arab men No Middle Easterners, Arabs or Jews, should be permitted to live in America or in Europe.
Richard Nixon, whom they forced from office — served them, helping them brutalize and kill their neigh' bors and expand their power in the
Middle East. And every U.S. Congress during the past half century has taken orders from them as well. And every U.S. President and member of
Congress who served them understood that in supporting this tribe -in supporting Israel — he was damaging the interests of the American people and generating hatred against America: hatred of which we all saw an expression on September 11.
So let’s punish Osama bin Laden for killing all of those innocent Americans, but then let’s go after the real criminals — the traitors in Washington — who really ate the ones responsible for the September 11 attack. And then let’s send all of the Middle Easterners, including those now controlling Hollywood and Madison Avenue and our television networks and the rest of our news and entertainment media, back to the Middle East for good.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Send them All Back,” aired on October 27, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Why Revolution Is Necessary
One of die most interesting developments that I’ve seen since September 11 is the public hinting by people in the Federal Bureau of Investigation that it really would be helpful to them if they were permitted to torture suspects or other people from whom they wanted information, like the police in Israel do. These hints haven’t been given a big play by the news media, but there is a report on the subject in the October 21 issue of the Washington Post and a column by Jonathan Alter in this week’s issue of Newsweek. These stories seem to be what the media people call “trial balloons”: give a new proposal just enough exposure to get a bit of public reaction from the perceptive minority without alarming the lemmings. If the response isn’t strongly negative, then push the proposal hard.
I’ll read you just a few sentences from the October 21 story in the Washington Post, to give you die flavor of the proposal:
FBI and Justice Department investigators are increasingly frustrated by the silence of jailed suspected associates of Osama bin Laden's al Quaeda network, and some are beginning to say that traditional civil liberties may have to be cast aside if they are to extract information about the September 11 attacks and terrorist plans.... Said one experienced FBI agent involved in the investigation: "We are known for humanitarian treatment, so basically we are stuck.... Usually there is some incentive, some angle to play, what you can do for them. But it couldget to that spot where we could go to pressure.... where we won't have a choice, and we are probably getting there." Among the alternative strategies under discussion are using drugs or pressure tactics, such as those employed occasionally by Israeli interrogators, to extract information
Well, the article goes on to quote other FBI officials who are “frustrated” by their inability to “extract information” from some suspects and who wish that they could use drugs or “pressure tactics” — that’s a euphemism for torture — like the Israelis do, and more than “occasionally.” Actually the story, by Walter Pincus, is
pretty low key. It nowhere says that there already is a plan to use torture, just “wouldn’t it be nice if we could.” And he quotes a former senior FBI official who believes that the American public will go along with such a plan if there is another terror attack on the United States. And, of course, there will be. As I said, the article reads like a “trial balloon.”
After the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995, the Jewish media were all over my 1978 novel, The Turner Diaries, claiming that a fictional bombing of the FBI headquarters building in Washington that occurred in the novel was a “blueprint” for the Oklahoma City bombing. They presented this amusing nonsense over and over, nearly every time my name was mentioned anywhere on TV or in print. They really wanted to tie the Oklahoma City bombing to me and to everyone else who had criticized the Jews’ monopoly control of the news and entertainment media. I won’t be
© 2001 « National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
13
surprised when they discover that the last chapter of The Turner Diaries describes a suicide attack on the Pentagon with a bomb-carrying airplane and then begin claiming diat that was a “blueprint” for the September 11 attack on the Pentagon. There’s something else in The Turner Diaries, however, that I’m quite certain they won’t try to blame on me, and that is my description of the FBI’s adoption of torture as an interrogation technique. In the book, published 23 years ago, I described quite vividly the FBI’s torture of a terrorism suspect, using the services of an experienced Israeli torturer. The media bosses won’t blame the current yearning in the FBI for the authorization to use torture on my book because they themselves also are solidly in favor of the use of torture. It is no mere coincidence that both the Washington Post story and the 'Newsweek column are written by Jews.
They also are solidly in favor of every other measure to strengthen the hand of the government in dealing with its opponents — and not just with terrorists. They would like to put an end to all dissent, to all Politically Incorrect speech or writing or expression of opinion: an end to all opposition to them and to the government. And really, the media and the government are far too close to being one and the same these days. That’s quite a different situation from the one we had 30 years ago, during the Vietnam War, and the situation is far more dangerous today than it was then. Then, when Jewish and Marxist groups were burning ROTC buildings on our university campuses, setting off bombs in banks and other businesses they claimed were supporting the White government in South Africa, and committing other acts of terrorism on a continuing basis, if the FBI had suggested that perhaps it should use torture in interrogating terrorist suspects, the media would have gone ballistic and screamed for the head of the FBI director.
Well, if the FBI begins using torture now, at least the government can claim that it is just going along with tradition. After all, it wasn’t so long ago that witches were tortured to make them confess to having congress with the devil — and also to reveal the names of other witches or sorcerers. The torture was justified on the grounds that it was essential for the
Osama bin Laden:
He’s not the one who hates our freedom.
safety and welfare of the public: you can’t allow witches and sorcerers to run around putting spells on people; the government needs to find out who they are so that it can get them off the street. Of course, the danger from witches wasn’t real, so the government wasn’t justified in using torture in the 17“ century, but the danger from terrorists today is real, and many people believe that it justifies the use of torture and the curtailment of other civil liberties. And my answer to that is that the danger of terrorism today is real only because the government has made it real through its own policies: policies that it could change at will, eliminating the danger of terrorism without limiting the freedom of Americans.
Unfortunately, however, the government not only refuses to admit that any of its policies are the cause of terrorism against Americans; it is moving with unseemly haste to silence anyone who dares to suggest that is the case. The ghasdy new law, the badly misnamed “USA PATRIOT* law signed by George Bush last week, is a giant step in that direction. The “USA PATRIOT” tide
is a highly contrived acronym standing for “Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism.” The new law is both un-American and unpatriotic. It is also unconstitutional, although you shouldn’t make any wagers that the Supreme Court will overturn it. The law specifically trashes the Fourth Amendment, and it is aimed at intimidating opponents of the government or its policies into silence by threatening to put them into the category of being suspected “supporters of terrorism,” whereupon they immediately lose all of their civil liberties and become, in effect, oudaws.
The new law certainly succeeded in intimidating nearly every legislator in the Congress even before George Bush signed it on Friday of last week. The bill’s sponsors rammed it through the Congress without any of the customary debate or public hearings or opportunity to modify it. The customary legislative process of “regular order” was completely short-circuited, and terrified Congressman dared not protest or vote against the bill from fear of being denounced as “unpatriotic.” Denounced by whom, you ask? By the media, of course, which were solidly behind the new law. It was reminiscent of the witch trials of 400 years ago, when people who knew that the accused was innocent were afraid to speak up lest they too be accused of being in league with the devil.
If you still believe that the people elected by the voters to the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives are America’s “leaders” and are looking out for the interests of the public, you should contemplate in detail the course of the “USA PATRIOT” bill through the Congress. Nearly 90 per cent of the members of the Congress, Republicans and Democrats, all of whom took a solemn oath to uphold and defend the Constitution, let themselves be stampeded by fear of media criticism into damaging the Constitution in a grievous way — perhaps into striking a deathblow against the Constitution — by voting for this bill. And George Bush was his usual smirking self as he triumphandy signed it into law last Friday.
Now Jewish billionaire Larry Ellison, the principal owner of Oracle, the country’s second-largest software
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
company, is trying to persuade the government to require all Americans to carry a national identity card that will allow the FBI to keep track of their movements. Ellison has generously offered to provide the software without charge to the FBI to operate the tracking system. In the government the biggest booster of Ellison’s national identity plan is Senator Diane Feinstein, who heads the Senate subcommittee on terrorism.
Hey!, it’s not Osama bin Laden who hates America’s freedom: rather, it’s our government, our media, and people like Larry Ellison and Diane Feinstein.
If you’ve been listening to many of my broadcasts, you know what I think about democracy and democrats. I think democracy is a lousy political system, and it is inherendy crooked. It pretends to put power into the hands of the majority of the people — which is a stupid idea in itself — while it actually puts power into the hands of the tiny minority that control the opinions of the majority: namely, the media bosses. And I loathe Democrats: they are demagogues who seek power for themselves by appealing to society’s resentful losers and by dispensing bread and circuses paid for by society’s more productive elements.
But as much as I hate Democrats, I hate and fear Republicans even more: especially conservative Republicans: for example, Chief Supreme Court Justice William Rehnquist, Attorney General John Ashcroft, Vice President Richard Cheney, and George W. Bush. It is among the conservative politicians and bureaucrats that one finds the greatest mania for regimenting people, for making everyone march in step and sing in tune, for slapping down anyone who gets out of line, for sticking the government’s nose into every aspect of people’s lives. And I’ll guarantee you, the mania these conservative politicians and bureaucrats have for controlling citizens and suppressing dissent is not based on either patriotism or a conviction that it’s for our own good. They are crooks and liars, and the only good they’re concerned about is their own.
You know, just because I have one view of an issue, and a politician has a different view, doesn’t in itself mean that the politician is a crook
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
, * # »-K. ^ ■	.
..t rjm1	
	
M , jm	HR:
■ j 		p
BL J	
	Ipy
KVJ	f'i 1
i *	1
Larry Ellison:
He wants all Americans to carry a national identity card.
and a liar. People — even politicians — are entided to have different opinions about things. But when a politician like George Bush announces to the nation in completely unambiguous terms that the September 11 attack was unprovoked and was simply an expression of hatred by fundamentalist Muslims for America’s freedom and democracy, it’s not a difference of opinion; the man is simply lying. He’s lying consciously and deliberately. He’s lying to the whole nation on a matter of the utmost importance. This is much, much more reprehensible — much, much more dangerous for the country — than Bill Clinton’s lies about the sexual services he was receiving in the Oval Office from a Jewish intern.
George Bush has lied us into a war for two very obvious reasons. First, just as the members of the Congress were afraid to question the new anti-terrorism bill from fear of being painted by the media as “unpatriotic,” George Bush is afraid to talk about the provocation that caused the September 11 attack — namely, the U.S. government’s support of Israeli’s aggression against its neighbors — because he knows that the media would then accuse him of “anti-Semit-
•	If
ism.
And second, if he raised the subject of the provocation, he would have to explain why the government pursued such a policy. He would have to
talk about the enormous power of organized Jewry over government policy, and again that would cause the controlled media to denounce him as an “anti-Semite.” And he also would stand revealed as a man who had consciously followed a policy dictated by organized Jewry while knowing that it was a policy harmful to America. He would stand revealed as a man who was at least pardy responsible, along with his predecessors, who knowingly followed the same policy, for the September 11 attack. He would stand revealed as a traitor, who had served a foreign power to the detriment of American security and welfare.
You know, being a traitor is a bit like grabbing a tiger by the tail. Once you embark on that course, you can’t go back. It’s either hang on or be hanged. So George Bush lies to the whole country about a matter of the utmost importance and continues serving his alien masters. And he smirks about it.
Such a man cannot be trusted. A government headed by such a President canngt be trusted. Any reasonable patriot must fear such a government when it is given the powerful tools for repression that are in the new “USA PATRIOT” law and when its secret police agencies begin suggesting that it would be nice if they were permitted to torture suspects in order to extract information. And such a government especially should be feared when it is in cahoots with the news media. In a free society, one force that keeps the government from getting completely out of control is a free press. Even when the media also are crooked, if they at least are hostile to the government they can keep the government in check. But when crooked media are in cahoots with a crooked government, the country is in real trouble. And that is the situation we’re in now.
In America’s present situation, terrorism is the least of our problems. Certainly, it is a bad thing when our government’s policies have made our country so hated by much of the rest of the world that airliners are hijacked and flown into office buildings, killing thousands of Americans. Certainly, it is a bad thing when anthrax-infected letters are mailed around the country, killing innocent people and causing major disruptions in the postal service. But these things are
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
nothing compared to the loss of our civil liberties. They are nothing compared to the danger of a treasonous, lying government. They are nothing compared to the damage done to our society through the control of the mass media of news and entertainment by an alien minority pursuing its own agenda.
Americans made far greater sacrifices 225 years ago, to secure civil liberties that King George III was denying them, than they made in New York and Washington on September 11. When we are obliged to fight again to restore the civil liberties that are now being given up so lighdy by an irresponsible and thoughdess public seeking more security, the loss of lives and property will be far greater than in the World Trade Center attack. When we take the necessary actions to regain control of our mass media and our government, the disruption and the suffering will be incomparably greater than that caused by the current anthrax terrorism.
In other words, even if the terrorism threat to Americans were a thousand times greater than we have experienced so far — even if terrorism cost us five million lives instead of five thousand — it would not be as harmful to us and as great a threat to our national survival as a treasonous government and alien-controlled mass media. The public, frightened of terrorism, may be willing to give up its freedom in the hope of gaining more security, but it will end up with neither. Unfortunately, the minority of us who really value our freedom will lose it too.
And you know, none of this is necessary. It is easy for us to eliminate - or at least to gready reduce — the threat of terrorism without giving up any of our civil liberties. Without scrapping the Bill of Rights it is possible for the Sally Soccermoms and the Joe Sixpacks to go back to cruising the malls and watching the ball games without having to worry about being hit by a hijacked airliner or opening an anthrax-infected letter. It is possible for them to have their comfort and security and for us to have our freedom at the same time.
Regimentation is not necessary for security. The authoritarians in our government would like to regiment the people whether there is a threat of terrorism or not, but regimentation
FREE SPEECH for November 2001
George Bush:
A man like him cannot be trusted.
isn’t necessary. The way to eliminate the threat of terrorism is to eliminate the causes of terrorism. And as far as terrorism from outside the country is concerned, the cause is the U.S. government’s blind support of Israeli aggression in the Middle East. Every recent terrorist attack against Americans by foreigners has had this single cause: the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center, the 1998 bombing of our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, the 1996 bombing of our servicemen in Saudi Arabia, last year’s bombing of the USS Cole, and the September 11 attack on New York and Washington. In fact, we can go back much further, even to the bombing of the Marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983, which killed 241 Americans. None of these attacks would have occurred if the U.S. government had pursued a policy in the Middle East based on American interests, instead of on Jewish interests.
To eliminate or to gready reduce domestic terrorism, more than a change in U.S. foreign policy is required. Here’s an example: the Jewish media now are entertaining the theory that the anthrax letters causing so much anxiety are being mailed by neo-Nazi groups inside the United States. Even though the anthrax letters refer specifically to Israel and close with the words “Allah is great,” Jews are speculating that because all of the letters were mailed inside the United States and so many of the targets were media figures — that is, Jews — they could have been mailed by domestic anti-Semites rather than by Muslim backers of Osama bin Laden.
Perhaps so, but that still remains to be seen. The relevant feet is that
15
domestic terrorism that would have been inconceivable 50 or 60 years ago is becoming increasingly common. Fifty years ago, no American would have considered launching a campaign of anthrax terrorism in this country. Today, it is at least conceivable. And it’s not that the technology is new. Any reasonably resourceful graduate student in microbiology can find anthrax spores or other lethal pathogens in the natural environment, identify them, isolate them, cultivate them in a small laboratory using inexpensive equipment, and grow enough of them to inoculate hundreds of letters. And he could have done the same thing 50 years ago. The spores always have been around, and the techniques are not new. What is new is the motivation.
What is new is the enormously greater corruption and irresponsibility of our government today and the consequent distrust of the government by perceptive citizens. What is new is the enormously greater intrusion of the government into the lives of law-abiding citizens today and the consequent hatred of the government by freedom-loving Americans. What is new is the enormously greater degree of alienation on the part of most Americans — at least on the part of those Americans who care about more than mall cruising and televised ball games. The principal cause of this alienation is, again, the government, with its destructive immigration policy and its destructive program of forced multi-culturalism.
That’s easy enough to understand, but to act on our understanding in order to eliminate the cause of either foreign or domestic terrorism will require the replacement not only of the present U.S. government but also of the system on which it is based. Which is to say, until we have a thoroughly cleansing revolution in America, we must endure more and more terrorism and more and more loss of freedom at the same time.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Why Revolution Is Necessary,” aired on November 3, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year