FREE SPEECH • MARCH 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. Ill
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
| 1;
, th#Ruleb®av^
Dr. WilliamdPierce I
■■■■■■■
^^sLaw-land I 11 Shamrocks!
Dr; fVilllam^erce
■H
Seattle’s Fat .^^lesdayRiof
Dr., William Pierce
^^KdispnQus | pi I ^' Doc^|ies .-I
Jl|am Pierce
Marc Rich and the Rule of Law
When I predicted in my broadcast two weeks ago that George Bush soon would drag the United States into another war at the behest of the Jews, I really didn’t expect him to move so quickly. Of course, it’s still pretty much a one-sided war: we drop bombs on the Iraqis and maintain a blockade of Iraq, and they don’t strike back at us. But, hey, keep up this kind of one-sided war long enough, and it will become two-sided. Did you hear George Bush and his head mulatto explain that the bombing of Iraq was purely “defensive”? Iraqi air-defense radar was becoming too “offensive” and needed to be slapped down. We bombed the Iraqis in order to “protea our pilots,” who are in the habit of flying provocatively over Iraq every day to snow the Iraqis who’s boss. I love these Alice in Wonderland statements by politicians and bureaucrats. They talk about how they abhor aggression and respea the rights of small nations, and then when the Jews snap their fingers, they send in
the bombers to blast Serbia or Iraq for behaving as sovereign nations are entided to behave in conducting their own internal affairs.
I also told you two weeks ago that although the Democrats and the Republicans might have slighdy different taxing policies, when it comes to taking orders from the Jews there is no difference between them. George Bush is just as ready to bomb Baghdad and kill Iraqis as Bill Clinton was ready to bomb Belgrade and kill Serbs. And neither of these countries was our enemy. Neither had taken any hostile action against us or threatened our national interests. This latest attack on Iraq is solely to protea the interests of the Jews in Israel, so that they can continue butchering Palestinians without threat of opposition.
Bush and his mulatto in the State Department talk about the need to
Bush’s mulatto in the State Department What liars and hypocrites! If Mr.
Bush were concerned about prevent-
keep Saddam Hussein from developing weapons of mass destruction.
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
Denise Rich
ing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, he should be giving his stem warnings to Ariel Sharon, not to Saddam Hussein. The UN
weapons inspection teams should be probing the biological warfare laboratories in Israel instead of worrying about Iraq.
Liars and hypocrites: those are terms that apply pretty well to every politician in the Western world these days, and the Republicans are no better than the Democrats. Watch George Bush’s face carefully when he’s making a public statement You’ll see that secret little liar’s smirk that he hasn’t quite learned yet to suppress, like the really skilled liars have.
I’ve said this before, but the problem we’re dealing with here is not just a few crooks who have sneaked into our political system; we’re dealing with a whole system of government that is terminally corrupt, a system that has no room in it for anyone who isn’t a crook.
In this connection, let’s look in detail at a prime example currently in the news of just how rotten the system has become. The example to which I refer is the batch of pardons and commutations of the sentences of criminals that Bill Clinton dispensed last month just minutes before the end of his term in office. All the attention is being focused on just one of these criminals, Marc Rich, because he happens to be the biggest and most successful of them, but to understand the real significance of the Marc Rich pardon we need to look at it in the context of all of the pardons and commutations Mr. Clinton issued on January 20.
When one examines the whole list of criminals who found favor with Mr. Clinton, the most striking feature about the list is its Jewishness. It’s not just that Jews are somewhat over represented on the list; they are vastly over represented. Jews constitute just one-half of one per cent of the U.S. prison population, yet fully one quarter — 25 per cent — of the convicted criminals whose sentences were commuted are Jews. That's fifty times the rate we would expect. And the Jews who received a full pardon, including Marc Rich and his criminal colleague Pincus Green, were over represented on the pardon list by a factor of 12, compared to their percentage of the convict population in the United States. I’ll bet you that none of the mainstream media comment on this enormously disproportionate Jewishness of those receiving presidential clemency. The Congressional and other investigators probing the Marc Rich pardon certainly will tiptoe around this glaringly evident fact.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/year
What does it mean? We know that some of the Jewish criminals whose prison terms were commuted received Mr. Clinton’s clemency because they live in the state of New York, where Hillary recendy was cam' paigning for a Senate seat and needed Jewish support Four of these criminals — Benjamin Berger, Jacob Elbaum, David Goldstein, and Kal-men Stern — were prominent leaders in one ultra-Orthodox Jewish community, the village of New Square, which delivered virtually every vote to Hillary on election day, while other ultra-Orthodox communities nearby voted overwhelmingly against Hillary. That in itself is as glaringly suggestive of corruption as the overwhelming Jewishness of the clemency lists. Both Clintons, of course, are extraordinarily brazen and pushy political climbers, but this willingness to trade pardons for votes in such an open way sets a new record for brazenness. The Clintons were really thumbing their noses at the American people — and also at the political system of which they are parts. This was not so much recklessness on their part as it was recognition of the fact that the system has become so corrupt that almost no one really cares any longer, and so the Clintons could get away with almost anything.
Nearly everything else the Clintons have done, however, including Bill’s unzipping for Monica in the Oval Office ana Hillary’s running off with the White House silverware and furniture, pales in comparison with the pardon of Marc Rich. Like so many of the other Jewish criminals pardoned by Bill Clinton last month, Rich didn’t steal his money with a ski mask and a sawed-off shotgun; he did it with a telephone, a glib tongue, and a knack for shuffling papers and sleight of hand. Rich, an international commodities trader, built his business through tapping into a worldwide network of Jewish middlemen and by knowing whom to bribe and how much. He saw a lucrative opportunity for himself in 1979 when Iranian militants seized the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and took 62 Americans there hostage. The United States retaliated by imposing an embargo on Iranian oil, and it thenceforth became illegal for any U.S. citizen to buy or sell Iranian oil. That didn’t bother the typically roodess and cosmopolitan Rich
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
in the least, even though he held U.S. citizenship at the time. He saw an opportunity to enrich himself and to benefit his fellow Jews in Israel at the same time. What happened to the American hostages was not his concern. He arranged for the smuggling of six million barrels of oil from Iran to Israel, and he took a hefty commission for himself. He also made money on arms deals he arranged between Iran and North Korea. Of course, he couldn’t very well declare all of this illicit income, and so he neglected to pay some $48 million in taxes on it.
Nevertheless, he and his business partner, Pincus Green, were caught and indicted on 65 counts of trading with the enemy, tax evasion, wire fraud, racketeering, and other felonies. Rich could have gotten 300 years in prison, but instead he fled the country in 1983 and has been a fugitive from justice ever since. This is the fellow of whom Bill Clinton has said that he never should have been indicted on criminal charges, that his offenses were only of a civil nature. Really! That’s one of Mr. Clinton’s principal excuses for pardoning Marc Rich: the man isn’t really a criminal. He may have broken a few minor rules and perhaps civil penalties were appropriate, but certainly not criminal charges.
Being on Interpol’s Ten Most Wanted list didn’t keep Marc Rich from continuing to enrich himself, to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars a year. He has given an estimated $200 million to Israel during the time he has been on the run and recendy he gave more than a million dollars to the Clintons and their Democratic Party associates, the latter through his ex-wife Denise, a hard-faced, sleazily over-decorated, bleached Jewess: just the sort to fit right in with the Clintons’ social circle. She is said to have received nearly a billion dollars from Rich in a divorce settlement, and she still works for him, out of her 25,000 square-foot, three-floor apartment on New York’s Fifth Avenue. When the House Government Reform Committee tried to question her about that a few days ago, she pled her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Marc Rich is guilty of far more than the felonies for which he was indicted in 1983. If I had the power to bring Marc Rich to justice, the
3
charge I would bring against him, the crime for which I would condemn him to be suspended in an iron cage above the White House gate until his flesh had rotted from his bones, is genocide. I’ll get into the details of that in a moment, but first I want to make it quite clear that Marc Rich is by no means the only dangerous Jewish felon Mr. Clinton pardoned last month. The impression one gets from reading news reports about the people pardoned is that they are just fast-buck artists — lawyer types — who perhaps are a litde tricky and don’t follow all of the rules, but aren’t really bad or dangerous people: for example, those four nice ultra-Orthodox Jewish boys from New Square, New York, who were clever enough to trick the government into giving them more than 40 million dollars by filing all sorts of applications for financial aid for a yeshiva — a school — that didn’t exist, and who had their sentences commuted by Mr. Clinton in return for all the other ultra-Orthodox Jews in New Square voting for Hillary when she ran for the Senate last year.
Well, listen! One of the other felons whose sentence was commuted by Mr. Clinton last month was New York Jewish lawyer Harvey Weinig. When he was practicing law in New York Mr. Weinig’s most important clients were the Colombian bosses of the Cali cocaine cartel. In 1995, as part of a plea bargain, he admitted laundering $19 million in drug money for the cartel, and for that he was sentenced to 11 years in prison. Last month Mr. Clinton turned him loose. But actually, Weinig was involved in much more than laundering drug money. His clients customarily play rough; they don’t just smuggle drugs; they kidnap people, they torture people, and they murder people. Weinig was involved in a kidnapping. The ransom money actually was delivered to his New York law office. The prosecutors actually had wire-tap recordings of Weinig discussing the kidnapping with some of his associates, and they were prepared to prosecute him for kidnapping and extortion and a number of other very serious felonies, which he wiggled out of with a plea bargain. And now Mr. Clinton has turned him loose. What was the quid pro quo there? I don’t know 9 perhaps a lifetime supply of cocaine, Bill Clinton’s drug of choice.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
And I won’t even get into the details of his release from prison of the Jewess Susan Rosenberg, who as a member of a violent communist gang was involved in an armored car robbery and the murder of two police-men and a guard. She was serving 58 years for that until big-hearted Bill let ner go last month. Perhaps there’s a Monica Lewinsky-type relationship there, although 1 done really know.
The point 1 wanted to make is that the common element in the Clinton pardons and commutations is not that the crimes were all white-collar offenses that didn’t really hurt anyone. The common element seems simply to be Jewishness. Well, there’s more to it than that The Jews he pardoned were not convicted of crimes of passion.. They all are cold-blooded predators, who were involved in sucking the life out of the Gentile society in which they live, some by violent means, most non-violendy, but the non-violent ones, the ones who only stole by trickery and deception, ate no less destructive than the violent ones.
Marc Rich is the best example of that His most serious and harmful crime is one for which he has not yet been indicted. That is the plundering of the Russian nation, the Russian people. A little over a decade ago, as the Soviet Union entered the final phase of its self-destruction, Marc Rich saw a splendid opportunity for himself. Corrupt bureaucrats in the Soviet government — and nearly all of them were corrupt — had seen the end coming and had begun a massive process of looting, grabbing everything of value for themselves before the ship went down. They did this through a racket known as “privatiza-non.
Here’s the way it worked: the bureaucrats in charge of various sectors of the Soviet economic infrastructure — factories, mines, timberlands, and so on — auctioned off these assets to private entrepreneurs, who in theory would operate them much more efficiently as purely capitalist enterprises. The government would benefit by converting inefficient, corrupt, money-losing properties into ready cash, and the whole economy would benefit from more efficient operation and foreign investment
That was the theory. In practice, die corrupt bureaucrats inside the Soviet government made “sweet-
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
heart” deals with corrupt entrepreneurs outside the government. Russia’s assets were sold, not to the highest bidder or to the person best able to manage them, but to crooks who had made secret arrangements with the bureaucrats, and they were sold for a tiny fraction of their actual worth. Kickbacks went from the entrepreneurs to the bureaucrats, and the entrepreneurs in many cases quickly re-sold the assets to third parties for enormous profits. Thus, the “privatization” of the Soviet economy. Thus the birth of a new class of billionaires, the so-called “oligarchs,” who often had connections with organized crime. In a gready disproportionate number of cases the crooked bureaucrats and the crooked entrepreneurs were Jews, and nearly all of the “oligarchs” who finally ended up with the wealth of Russia in their hands are Jews.
The crooks, both inside and outside the government, who plundered Russia were eager to squirrel away their ill-gotten hundreds of billions of dollars outside Russia, so that a ftiture Russian government would not be able to take their loot away from them. But all of these Jews grew up in the very restrictive, very parochial Soviet system. They had no experience at international wheeling and dealing, at money laundering, at hiding assets offshore in a way that they could not be traced. And that’s where Marc Rich came in. He helped his fellow Jewish crooks in Russia with their looting in return for a percentage of what they stole, and he also did his own looting. From about 1990 to 1993 he was the biggest single trader in Russian aluminum and Russian oil, and he had his hands into many other Russian commodities as well, including gold, grain, nickel, and tin. Some of this is detailed in a book published last year that is available from National Vanguard Books, the sponsor of this broadcast The book is Godfather of the Kremlin: Boris Berezovsky and the Looting of Russia, by Dr. Paul Klebnikov, a Russian scholar and a senior editor at Forbes magazine.
Marc Rich played a larger role than any other single person in getting the stolen wealth or Russia out of the country. More than any other single person he is responsible for making a once rich White country into die economic basket case that it is
today. More than any other single per
son Marc Rich is responsible for the*
fact that millions of Russians are ffeez. ing and starving this winter, for the fact that the suicide rate and the alco-holism rate in Russia are at all-time highs, and for the fact that young Rus-sian women, facing a future of bleak poverty at home, are letting themselves be lured into White slavery by Jewish slave dealers promising them jobs as secretaries or receptionists or housekeepers in Israel. This is the crime — the genocidal crime - for which Marc Rich should have his arms and legs broken and then be suspended in an iron cage over the White House gate. And Bill Clinton gave him a pardon!
Government investigators are looking into Rich’s pardon, primarily in an attempt to discover any payoff from Rich to Clinton. The primary reason they’re looking is because the affair stinks so much that the politicians among the investigators are hoping to earn a little political capital by publicly demonstrating their disapproval of Mr. Clinton’s actions. They may find something and they may not, but I’m quite sure that they won’t get to the real heart of the scandal, because that inevitably will take them into its Jewish aspects, and the very thought of that frightens them badly.
I should mention that some Jewish spokesmen are much more open in dealing with the Jewish aspects of the scandal than the Gentile politicians are. Some of the more farsighted Jews are quite unhappy about the very heavy involvement of prominent Jewish leaders in the lobbying effort that secured Rich’s pardon. Among the 100 Jewish big snots in the United States and Israel who wrote letters to Clinton urging the pardon was Abe Foxman, head of the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, the most powerful Jewish pressure group in the United States. All of these letters have been made public as the investigation in the Congress proceeds, and some Jews are expressing fears now that the public perception may be that there was an international Jewish conspiracy afoot to secure a pardon for Rich. That’s exactly the fear expressed by Jewish writer Zev Chafetz in a February 15 column in the New York Daily News. Well, don’t count on the lemmings to have such acute powers of perception.
<D 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box
330 ■ Hillsboro ■ WV24946 • $40/yrar
What the lemmings will perceive, however, is that something is really rotten in Washington.
Why did Bill and Hillary take such chances? Surely they could pre-diet that they would be criticized for what they did, whether it was buying the votes of ultra-Orthodox Jews in New York, running off with the White House silverware, or pardoning such a notorious monster of iniquity as Marc Rich. It is clear that they did what they did because they figured they could get away with it, that they could weather any bad publicity, just as Bill did during the Monica Lewinsky scandal. As I said before, they were thumbing their noses at the system. Even the lemmings can see that.
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
What they did will not only serve further to undermine public respect for and confidence in the government and in our system of laws, but it also serves as an indicator of just how dangerously far respect and confidence already have been eroded inside the system itself. When the highest government officials, including the President himself, publicly display such contempt for the system, contempt is certain to increase gready among the public.
You know, I don’t think much of the system. I really do think it needs to be replaced, and the sooner the better. But the rule of law, which the Clintons have done so much to undermine, is what stands between
5
any civilized society and the jungle. When there is no more rule of law, life becomes unbelievably brutal. America’s feminized liberals, who believe that we can all live happily together without laws, like the members of some 1960s-style dope-smoking commune, are in for a really unpleasant surprise.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Marc Rich and the Rule of Law,” aired on February 24, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
Law and Shamrocks
I am pleased to see that the public reaction to Bill Clinton’s last-minute pardons of so many Jewish criminals is continuing to snowball. How can even the dullest lemmings fail to notice that the two cases making the most headlines are, first, the case of Marc Rich and his partner Pincus Green and, second, the case of the New Square four — Benjamin Berger, Jacob Elbaum, David Goldstein, and Kaimen Stern from the ultra-Orthodox town of New Square, New York — and that everyone involved in these cases, except Bill and Hillary themselves, is a Jew? I think that’s wonderful, but I hold out no hope that any mainstream commentator on these cases will draw the correct conclusions from them. Let us just be grateful that a perceptive few will be led to understanding, and the lemmings will be left with something to scratch their heads about
I mentioned in my broadcast last week that the reason the Clintons did what they did is that they thought they could get away with it. They figured that respect for the law already has declined to the point that no one would care enough to call them to account And for the most part they are correct Unfortunately for them, however, they made a few political miscalculations. They failed to foresee just how juicy a political scandal would erupt They would have gotten away with everything except that some politicians simply couldn’t resist using
Hate?
the scandal for their own benefit, and some Jews, seeing the potential for damage to Jews generally, began publicly distancing themselves from what the Clintons had done. And then, as I said, things began to snowball. The results of an opinion poll, in which 102,746 Internet users participated — that’s a substantial poll — the results were posted last week by Netscape. More than three-quarters of those voting — that’s 78,466 votes against 24,279 votes — more than three-quarters believe that a corrupt deal was made between the Clintons and the Jews of New Square, New York: votes for Hillary in her New York Senate race in return for pardons for the four convicted New Square Jews who had
stolen more than $40 million from American taxpayers. If a similar public opinion poll were taken now for the Marc Rich case, I am sure that an even higher percentage of the public would express their belief that the pardon was corrupt: that it involved a payoff for Clinton. The one true statement Bill Clinton has made in connection with all of this is that he didn’t expect such a strong reaction, or in his own words: “I was blind-sided!”
As I just said, he made a political miscalculation, but his judgment that the system has become so corrupt that he should have been able to get away with what he did was more or less on target Let me give you a few more examples to illustrate just how dangerously corrupted the system has become.
Last month 21-year-old Matthew Marshall was sentenced in a Houston, Texas, courtroom to spend the next ten years of his life in prison. He had been convicted, along with four other young White men, of violating the civil rights of a Black family in die Houston suburb of Katy. The five young men had burned a cross in front of a house occupied by the Blacks. They didn’t assault the Blacks. They didn’t threaten the Blacks. They didn’t steal anything from the Blacks. They didn’t even wake the Blacks up. But when the Blacks woke up of their own accord the next morning they found the charred remains of a six-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
foot cross in their front yard. The Blacks called the police, and shortly thereafter the five young White men were arrested, because, as in most such cases of foolish, alcohol-fueled vandalism, the young men didn't have enough sense or selfdiscipline to keep their mouths shut about their prank. So now as punishment for that foolish prank Matthew Marshall must spend the next ten years in some hell-hole of a Texas prison, where the majority of the inmates will be Blacks and mestizos.
The judge, David Hittner, justified die severity of his sentence with the comment that in a pre-trial hearing he had heard young Marshall's father use a “racial slur. The judge smugly told a group of approving reporters: “It appears that the seeds of his racism were sown at home.” If you’re interested you can find the story for yourself in a February 5 Associated Press report from Houston. Ten years of living hell for a stupid, drunken prank and a “racial slur” — by his father. Compare that with the punishment of the tour New Square Jews who stole more than $40 million from the American people and whose religion is a continuing slur on all the rest of us. They received sentences ranging from two years to seven years — and then Bill Clinton turned them all loose.
Mate Rich stole billions and never served a day in prison. And now Bill Clinton has given him a lifetime “get out of jail free” pass to ensure that he never will be punished for his massive crimes. The average prison sentence in the United States for a felon convicted of armed robbery is just under eight years, according to U.S. Department of justice statistics. The average sentence for sexual assault is six years. If a Black accosts you on the street, puts a gun to your head, and takes your wallet, your wristwateh, and your cell phone, he'll get eight years, on the average. If he sexually assaults your wife, he'll get six years. Blacks don't ordinarily bum crosses, but we can imagine an equivalent prank: leaving a sign in a white family s yard that says, “Black power!” or, “Go back to Europe, you honk-ies*
Now, if the police even bothered to arrest the Blacks who did that, what do you imagine their punishment would be? A $50 fine for litter-
ing, perhaps? If a judge sentenced one of them to ten years for violating the rights of the White family, Jesse Jack-son would have his traveling riot in action in Houston the next day. There would be outraged editorials about “Jim Crow law^ in newspapers all across the country.
Well, of course, judges understand that sort of thing. A judge, after all, is just a lawyer with political ambitions: a cross between a lawyer and a politician, and that's a bad combination. He has several things on his mind when he judges or when he asses sentence. First, he thinks about is fellow lawyers. He considers the wealth and status, the prestige and importance, of the defense attorneys.
If you walk into a courtroom with a $600-an-hour lawyer who has political connections, and he brings four of his legal assistants with him, at $100 an hour each, you will have a lot of sympathetic consideration from the judge. If you ever make the mistake of going into court without a lawyer, thinking that because you’re familiar with the law, and justice is on your side, you can handle the matter yourself and save having to pay a lawyer, you’re a goner. The judge will have made up nis mind before the first witness is heard to punish you for trying to beat one of his fellow lawyers out of a fee.
The judge also will consider how the judges — which is to say, his fellow lawyers — on the appeals court will view the matter. Judges don’t like to have their decisions overturned.
Most of all, however, the judge will consider how his decision will be treated by the media, especially if it’s a case with any political aspect. Judges always want to give Politically Correct decisions: decisions that will not be looked on unfavorably by the media.
What about justice, you ask. Are you serious? Well, of course, I’m being too cynical. Justice is available in American courts, and you can get just as much as you can afford to pay for — unless, of course, the media really have it in for you.
None of this, unfortunately, is fundamentally new — except for the influence or the media. Jonathan Swift was making similar complaints about the courts in England 275 years ago. Nevertheless, there is a trend, and the trend is quite definitely downhill. And it's not just that there have
been a few noteworthy flukes rec^d.
It’s true that Bill and Hillary C done more to undermine respect the law than anyone since when 0] Simpson was able to get clean with slitting the throats of two people by the simple expedient of spending $10 million on lawyers and thereby earning a remarkable degree of indu(. gence from the judge.
I want to emphasize again that the Clintons are crooked but not stupid. In fact, Bill has been remarkably astute throughout his career at calculating what he could get away with, what the system would tolerate. He just failed to foresee the amount of public attention that would be focused on his pardon of Marc Rich. And once the public attention was there, there were plenty of Republican lawyers ready to go into a feeding frenzy, hoping to use the Clinton scandal to augment their own careers. The feeding frenzy in turn brought all sorts of other Clinton misdeeds to light that otherwise would have escaped public notice. So for Hillary has Tbeen the one most hurt by that She had to give back the White House silverware, and her brother Hugh, also a lawyer, had to promise that he would give back the $400,000 fee he had accepted from a couple of convicted sleaze balls to use his influ-ence as Bill's brother-in-law to secure pardons for them. That must really have hurt!
The Clintons have damaged the rule of law in America, not just in their latest scandal, but throughout the whole eight years of the Clinton era. But they are more significant as highly visible symptoms of decay than as agents of decay. The decay was well under way long before the Clintons came to Washington. A political system that was not already in near-terminal condition would never have admitted the Clintons as members.
Today we want to stay focused on just the judicial and law-enforcement part of the system, rather than on the system as a whole. We are concerned about the increasing corruption of the courts and of the legal establishment, the increasing politicization of law enforcement agencies, the increasingly bizarre rulings coming from the courts, the more and more reckless and unprincipled acts of legislatures. A visitor from another century would be alarmed. We should be alarmed
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/year
too, except that we’ve become a bit numbed from being exposed to gradually increasing corruption for such a long time — and the controlled media keep telling us that things are getting better and better, with more and more Black judges being appointed to the courts by the politicians, more and more female judges, more and more Politically Correct decisions from the courts, more and more Black police officials in our big cities, more mandatory “sensitivity’ conditioning for cops, and so on.
As I said a moment ago, I’m not basing my dim view of the state of our legal system on just a few flukes. There definitely is a trend. The case of the 21-year-old White man in Houston who was sentenced to ten years in prison last month for a Politically Incorrect prank is not unique. Last year an 18-year-old White boy in Maryland was sentenced to ten years for a similar prank involving a cross and a Black family. Last month a 21-year-old White man, Kenny Vierra, was sentenced to six years in prison because he punched a Mexican in the nose in a parking-lot altercation in Sun City, Florida. Six years for one punch in the nose because Vierra referred to the Mexican as a “wetback” before he punched him and because Vierra had a swastika tattoo on his chest That was enough for a politically ambitious judge to decide that a “hate crime” had been committed.
Another young White man, Jack Houston, who had been in the car with Vierra but who did not get out of the car during Vierra’s altercation with the Mexican also was sentenced to six years in prison. A White girl who also was in the car with Houston, 23-year-old Staci Ann Schillace, was sentenced to seven months in jail. The two who stayed in the car were punished for having encouraged Kenny Vierra. The judge who handed down those sentences must be pretty proud.
In San Diego, California, a 25-year-old White man, Alex Curtis, has been held without bond since last November while the government prepares to try him on charges of having violated the civil rights of San Diego-area Jews. He could receive ten years in a Federal prison if convicted. Curtis used to publish what the government describes as a “neo-Nazi”
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
Alex Curtis
newsletter. He is accused of inspiring a couple of friends to harass local Jewish big shots. The friends are alleged to have put a snakeskin through the mail slot of the local office of Jewish Democratic Congressman Robert Fil-ner and to have left anti-Jewish literature outside the office and also outside the home of Morris Casuto, regional director of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B’rith. Curtis himself is alleged to have written an unkind remark about Morris Casuto on a wail outside a synagogue near Casuto’s house. For these pranks Curtis is being held without bond, like some dangerous Colombian drug lord or Mafia chief, and is facing ten years in prison. If you want to read the details about his case, go to the Web site for the San Diego Union-Tribune.
Morris Casuto’s boss, by the way, is Abe Foxman, national director of the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith. Foxman is one of the Jewish officials who helped secure a pardon for Marc Rich from Bill Clinton. Ten years for Matthew Marshall, six years for Kenny Vierra, six years for Jack Houston, ten years for Alex Curtis — and a pardon for Marc Rich.
Yes, there is a trend in our judicial system, and it is toward Political Correctness. Judges — and lawyers
7
generally — who in a sane and healthy White society should be the foremost guardians of our civil liberties, have instead become the greatest enemies of those liberties. There are, to be sure, other factors in addition to the corruption of lawyers. Letting Blacks sit on juries has led to a real Alice in Wonderland situation. They acquit high-profile Black criminals, such as O.J. Simpson, who are guilty beyond any shadow of a doubt, but woe unto any Politically Incorrect White man whose fate they are asked to decide. They have turned civil suits where they constitute a majority on the juries into games of Russian roulette. They think nothing of awarding astronomical sums for the most trivial injuries, even for hurt feelings.
And of course, there are the Jewish media relendessly pushing the notion that the most fundamental civil liberty, the one civil liberty that really needs to be protected, is freedom from being offended or made to feel insecure, and the way to protect that most fundamental civil liberty is to enact more “hate crime” and “speech crime” laws and have them rigorously enforced by the legal and judicial establishment. And for the most part the lawyers — including the judges — are going along enthusiastically with that notion. Which is why young White men accused of “hate crimes” are being treated so savagely by the courts today. A White man who punches a non-White in the nose or slips a snakeskin through a Jew’s mail slot is dealt with more severely than a Black who commits armed robbery or sexual assault on a White woman.
As I indicated earlier, part of the reason for this is that many judges are
Eolitically ambitious, and they want to e on the right side of the Jewish media. Another part of the reason is that judges, along with the rest of the lawyer class, are riding pretty high on the hog. As this society goes down the drain they are keeping their feet dry, and they want it to stay that way. Black rapists and armed robbers are not a threat to their comfort and security. White “hate criminals” are a threat, because they challenge the system that has rewarded the judges so generously. That’s a very shortsighted, irresponsible, and immoral way for them to look at the world and their place in it, but that’s the way it is these days. Things can only get crazier
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
8
and crazier, more and more repressive and unjust, as Political Correctness fastens an ever-tighter grip on the legal and judicial establishment
HI give you an example of just how crazy things already are. Boston used to be a substantially Irish city, and even the city’s subsidized housing projects were largely Irish. Even as the Black minority grew to a majority in the public housing, the poor and eld** erly Irish occupants had their areas, ana the Blacks had theirs. Mixing, however, has been inevitable, and with mixing has come friction — especially since Blacks have been taught oy the media to walk with chips on their shoulders. They’ve learned that Whitey nearly always will back down.
It wasn’t always that way. When the courts forced racial integration on the Irish of South Boston in the 1970s, the Irish fought back. They didn’t fight back hard enough, though, and the judicial establishment eventually beat the Irish — that is, the Whites — into submission. These days the Blacks not only walk with chips on their shoulders, they look for any excuse at all to take offense at something Whitey says or does. They know the courts will back them up.
An instance of this is reported in the Irish Echo, the largest-circulation
Irish-American newspaper. As more and more Blacks in Boston’s public housing moved into areas where Irish already were living, the Blacks noticed die prevalence of shamrocks being displayed by Irish residents on their doors, in their windows, on playground equipment, and so on. The shamrock is the most common symbol of Irish ethnicity, of Irish pride. Well, the Blacks don’t like it, ana they have complained about it to the Boston Housing Authority, the BHA. I’ll read you the first three paragraphs of a story in the February 14 issue of the Irish Echo:
In a controversial measure designed to placate offended minority residents, officials of the Boston Housing Authority are asking residents to remove shamrock displays from doors and windows in housing developments across the city, the Irish Echo has learned.
Confirming rumors that have been circulating around South Boston in recent weeks, Lydia Agro, BHA's communications director, told the Echo that housing managers are advising residents that shamrocks and other 'bias indicators" are offensive to some minority residents and should not be publicly displayed.
"There are a number of symbols that have been identified by some of our residents as making them uncomfortable and unwelcome," Agro said. 'In response to those concerns, we're including shamrocks along with swastikas. Confederate
flags, and other symbols which * offense.
Now, I’ll bet you wouldn’t have believed that if I hadn’t just read it^ you from a newspaper. How long d0 think it’ll be before some ambitious Politically Correct judge sentences some elderly Irish widow to ten yean in the slammer for displaying a Tias indicator” in her window? Does that sound ridiculous? If I had told you ten years ago that in the year 2000 an 18-year-old Maryland boy would be sentenced to 10 years in prison for burning a small cross in someone’s yard, you would have thought that ridiculous too.
Times are changing, but they’re not getting better — and they won’t get better until they’ve gotten bad enough to make White Americans rebel and take the administration of law away from those now misusing it in such a destructive way.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Law and Shamrocks,” aired on March 3, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
Seattle’s Fat Tuesday Riot
As we all know, there was an earthquake in Seattle on Wednesday morning last week. The news media have covered all the aspects of that earthquake pretty thoroughly. Some of us undoubtedly also are aware that there was a riot in downtown Seattle just a few hours before the earthquake. I watch the CNN news every morning and usually every evening too. When I watched the news last Wednesday morning, the earthquake hadn’t occurred yet, and so there was brief coverage of the riot that had occurred Tuesday night and into the wee hours of Wednesday morning. On my television screen 1 saw a crowd of disorderly young White people, most of them in their teens and 20s, engaging in some pretty serious vandalism. I saw one young White man jump up on the hood of a car and begin kicking in the windshield. Others smashed store windows. Pretty
disgusting behavior generally, but not really unexpected in this age of self-indulgence, permissiveness, irresponsibility, and alienation.
The occasion for the riot was the end of Mardi Gras, so-called Fat Tuesday, the last day before Lent Lent is traditionally a period of abstinence and fasting for Christians, and so Mardi Gras is typically a period of feasting and partying. There had been some rowdiness, hooliganism, and vandalism in Seattle during the previous two or three nights of Mardi Gras celebrations, but nothing like the riot on Fat Tuesday. Police officials estimated the total number of people milling around late Tuesday night at 9,000, and there were 350 policemen waiting on the edge of the crowd to keep things from getting out of hand.
Young women were baring their breasts, there was a great deal of drinking, and there was an occasional
fight. The police watched but for the most part didn’t interfere. In the television coverage I saw, there were few if any Blacks in the crowd. The CNN reporter said that about 70 people had been hospitalized, that the police had arrested 20 or so people, and that was about it. That, at least, was my impression of the Fat Tuesday riot in Seattle, and I suspect it also was the impression of most other Americans who were not actually present during the riot. Then came the earthquake Wednesday morning, and after that there was nothing else said about the riot; it was all earthquake news.
Except that I kept hearing rumors. People wrote to me and said that the Fat Tuesday riot really had been a race riot, with gangs of Blacks attacking, beating, and robbing White people. Well, that wasn t what I had seen on my TV screen, and so | discounted all of these rumors. I figu^
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946
$40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
9
Whites are attacked by Black rioters in Seattle
that there may have been a few Blacks involved in the riot, and that some observers had focused on just what the Blacks were doing, but what I had seen on CNN had convinced me that Whites were misbehaving pretty badly, and so whatever had happened in Seattle couldn’t have been purely Black on White attacks, as some people were telling me. But I was curious enough to check out the Seattle news sources, just to be sure that there was nothing racial about the violence. I checked the two major newspapers, The Seattle Post-Intelligencer and the Seattle Times, and also the Web site of the main TV-news station there. What I learned from these news sources agreed with my initial impression from the CNN news report I had seen Wednesday morning, just before the earthquake.
There was some additional information. One young man who had been injured in the Tuesday riot had died the next day in a hospital. That was 20-year-old Kris Kime, a good-looking young White man: a healthy, clean-cut, all-American kid, judging from the news photos of him. But there was not a word about race or about Blacks attacking Whites. I’ll read you a few sentences from the main article about the riot in the Wednesday edition of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer:
Tuesday's Fat Tuesday celebration disintegrated into ugly brawls early this morning as groups of toughs roamed Pioneer Square smashing bottles, setting off fireworks, and attacking anyone in their path. Police said 72 people were treated at area hospitals, including two with life-threatening injuries, and 21 people were arrested____
Up to 3,000 revelers had been expected, but police this morning put the total in the Pioneer Square area at 4,000
and said another 5,000 were in the surrounding area. The crowd centered at First Avenue and Yesler Way for much of the night. Partyers were rowdy but generally calm before midnight — drinking, dancing, and showering beads on women who bared their breasts. But in the early morning hours the mood changed drastically. Many fights broke out, shattered glass littered the area, and the crackle of fireworks filled the night. At least two cars were overturned. One young woman was beaten to the pavement by several women and men, and later another woman was slammed against a wall and struck several times on live television....
Ugly street brawls sporadically erupted as the crowds dissipated toward the international district. A series of fights broke out at Second Avenue and South Washington Street, leaving one man lying unconscious in a pool of blood. Bands of hooligans cruised up Washington Street on foot, and by 2:15 AM two more men were left bloodied and senseless near Fourth Avenue. One man lay curled in a fetal position — his body half on the sidewalk, half in the street. Blood spread from an open gash above his mouth. 'He just got jumped,' said Erik Osborn, 20, of Seattle, a friend who witnessed the pummeling. 'About 10 guys, some of them with minibats, just grabbed him and beat the hell out of him.' Moments later five men beat and kicked another man until his body fell limp into an intersection. They flipped over his limp body, pulled his wallet from his back pocket, then left him lying in the street.
Well, there’s quite a bit more in the Seattle Post-Intelligencer story about the riot — but not one word about race, not one word about what caused the mood of the celebration to change drastically. The words Black and White are not used once in the story. And there wasn’t any discrepancy between the story and what I had seen on the CNN television news broadcast. Then on Thursday I received an e-mail letter from an observer in Seatde that went into much more detail than the rumors
that had reached me earlier. I’ll read the whole letter to you:
Dear Dr. Pierce, we want to share with you the real story in Seattle this week. On Tuesday night, during the Mardi Gras-Fat Tuesday celebrations in downtown Seattle, 350 riot-geared police stood idle while several hundred young people began to mingle peacefully outside the bars and clubs, which were closing early. Suddenly and without warning a group of 12 to 15 Black males with an equal accompaniment of Black females began to pick out at random, drag away, and beat to a bloody pulp any young, defenseless White person they could find. The victims were between 19 and 32 years of age. All were White, usually blond. Many were young ladies who were hunted and chased, their long hair pulled violently from behind. They were punched severely with roundhouse attacks and finally, after being thrown to the ground, were kicked mercilessly until bloody, broken, and unconscious.
It was then that the Black girls finished the job by literally ripping anything of value from the usually unconscious young victim. This scene was repeated for approximately three hours by several different groups of incredibly violent, animalistic Blacks and ended only when our police chief, Gil Kerlikowske, was allowed to send in the riot police with armored cars, tear gas, horses, and ambulances. The race riot then ended within 15 minutes as the Black gangs vanished with the first signs of tactical response.
With more than 60 young people in local hospitals and one young, blond man beaten to death by these animals, we thought this might at least have made local nightly news. But due to the earthquake and the powers that be, not even my neighbors are aware of these disgusting events only minutes from our homes.
The big story you and the rest of the country will be hearing about, of course, is our 6.8-magnitude earthquake of 10:55 Wednesday morning. The real story, which will not be shown by any of the media, is the three-hour series of Black-on-White "hate crimes" that took place within eyesight of our esteemed police force and our terrified police chief.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
We are angry, frustrated, and disgusted, and we can only hope that you will pass this terrible news on to the rest of our nation. We thank you, and we support you
Well, that letter inspired me to dig further. I asked two other people who had written to me to help me gather more information about what had happened in Seatde. Finally, in the Friday edition of the Seattle Times, in a story about the murder of Kris Kime, the truth began to come out The story begins:
Kristopher Kime never knew what hit him. Jostling with dose friends in the increasingly violent crowd at Mardi Gras in Pioneer Square on Tuesday night, he saw a young woman knocked to the pavement by a group of violent attackers. He bent over to help her to her feet, fearing she would be trampled. That's when someone from behind smashed a bottle into the back of Kune's head. He crumpled to the pavement, unconscious. Several attackers set upon him wildly, kicking him in the head before moving on.
Here’s another paragraph from the same story, a description of events by one of Kime’s friends who was with him that night:
We were in our own little group, and fighting was breaking out everywhere," Mattson said. "I saw a girl being pulled around by her hair until she was knocked down, and somebody was kicking her. It was disgusting, a whole group or people beating up one person.
So far, that sounds like all of the other news coverage of the riot I’d
already read. But then, near the end of the Seattle Times story, was the following paragraph:
Witnesses said the man who hit Kime from behind was black, that he may have been part of a roving group of young black men and women who police say attacked many white party-goers in the crowd. But police spokesman Benton yesterday cautioned against concluding that the attackers were motivated by race.
Well, that’s it: the first real news about the racial nature of the riot. Everything prior to that had been just what people on radio talk shows claimed they had seen or had heard from their neighbors. And I was getting that secondhand, since I’m 3,000 miles away and can’t tune in to Seat-de-area talk shows. I never depend on rumors for the things I report to you in my broadcasts. But the story that I just quoted from Friday’s Seattle Times was enough for me to ask one of my people to locate and obtain some of the video footage of the riot that had been taken by cameramen at the riot but wasn’t used on national television news programs, such as the CNN news program I had seen. When that video footage arrived, it clinched the story. It cleariy shows gangs of Blacks attacking one White person after another, viciously and murderously, White women as well as White men, knocking them down, repeatedly kicking them in the head and stomping on them, while other Whites —
including the police - just stand and watch.
And about the time I was first seeing those images, the dam broke bade in Seatde. The story that the media bosses and the politicians had tried so hard to suppress burst into the open. An Associated Press report from Seatde released last Saturday is headlined: “Seatde Black leaders concerned Blacks blamed for Mardi Gras violence.” The report begins:
The city's Black leaders worry that young Blacks are being singled out for blame in the Fat Tuesday riots that left one man dead, another hospitalized, and at least 70 people injured. The issue was not race, but crime, they stressed in meetings Friday with Mayor Paul Schell and Police Chief Gil Kerlikowske.
The Black president of the local chapter of the Urban League was quoted in the report:
We are concerned by how the violence is being portrayed. Our fear now is that it's become a race issue.
Well, it certainly wasn’t and isn’t being portrayed as a race issue by the local politicians, including the police chief. They were failing all over themselves trying to convince everyone that it wasn’t a race issue. Clem Benton, a spokesman for the chief of police, told the Associated Press reporter, “We’re investigating these crimes as crimes. This is all about criminal activity. It’s not about race.” And Dick Lilly, a spokesman for the mayor, piously told the reporter: “Cleariy hatred has no place in our community.” The implication is clear: if you even think that there was a racial basis for what happened in the Fat Tuesday riot, you’re a “hater.”
Well, thank God there are some White Seatde citizens who aren’t afraid of being considered “haters.” These are the citizens who saw with their own eyes what happened and then refused to keep quiet about it They talked about what they saw on Seattle’s radio talk shows — and they kept talking about it until the politicians and the major media had to give up the pretense that race wasn’t an issue. If it hadn’t been for the radio talk shows the people who don’t want the world to know what really happened in Seattle on Fat Tuesday probably would have been able to keep the news suppressed.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/yea
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
11
Seattle Police Chief Gil Kerlikowske observes the massive violence against Whites, but decides not to bring it to a halt.
Last Saturday’s Associated Press report quoted one radio talk-show host:
'The people who very clearly were creating the mayhem, as plain to me as to anyone else, were African Americans," said Brian Suits, host of a call-in radio show. . . "The most crystallized opinion I heard was from a guy who perceived Seattle police were specifically staying away from looking racist," Suits said. 'They're gun-shy about the perception of coming down hard on one single group."
So now you know what happened in Seatde on Fat Tuesday, and a substantial portion of the citizens of Seatde know too. But most Americans still don’t know, for the usual reason: the big media, the national media, which are controlled almost completely by Jews, don’t want you to know.
There are several interesting aspects to the Seatde story, in addition to the fact that a series of violent, murderous, Black-on-White race attacks took place there last week and the media and the politicians tried to hush it up. Blacks were just behaving the way Blacks naturally behave when the constraints are removed. And the Jewish media bosses and the politicians who dance to their tune were just doing what we’ve seen them do over and over again in other places and at other times — in dealing with the Wichita massacre of December 14, for example, which I’ve detailed for you in several recent broadcasts.
The difference between Seatde and Wichita is interesting. In both cases the big media, the Jewish media, killed the news at the national level and kept most Americans in the dark. But in Wichita the local media dealt with the rapes and murders of the young Whites by two Blacks in a fairly forthright way. So for as I could tell, there was no attempt to keep the people of Wichita in the dark. In Seatde, on the other hand, the major media tried hard to keep even the local citizens from knowing what had happened. Why the difference between the two cities?
I don’t really know, but I’m inclined to believe that it’s primarily due to the difference in the White populations of those two cities. Washington is one of the Whiter states in the country. Only a litde over three percent of the population is Black. Seatde is a much more fashionable
place to live than Wichita. There’s a much higher percentage of yuppies and soccer moms in Seatde than in Wichita. Seatde is a trendier city than Wichita: it’s more liberal, more feminized. The people in Seatde have given indications on more than one occasion that they feel guilty about the Whiteness of their area. Church groups in Seatde have sponsored the immigration of Hmong tribesmen from Southeast Asia and are into all sorts of other programs intended to increase the “diversity” of the area, so that the White yuppies and soccer moms can feel better about themselves. Political Correctness is bigger in Seatde than in Wichita. Washingtonians are quite proud of themselves for having elected a half-Chinese mongrel for governor of their mosdy White state. That sort of thing would be much less likely in Kansas.
The Seatde police were terrified that they would arrest mote Blacks than Whites in a mosdy White crowd and then would be charged with “racial profiling,” the current liberal bugaboo, and so they stood by and watched the Blacks go on their murderous rampage without interfering. I’m pleased that at least some of the White folks in Seatde noticed that and weren’t afraid to comment publicly on it. Mandatory “sensitivity” conditioning for cops is just the sort of trendy thing that Seattle’s yuppies
and soccer moms would be in favor of. I’m sure that what happened on Fat Tuesday hasn’t changed any of their minds, but it may have caused a few of the more perceptive and open-minded residents to begin thinking about the dangerous consequences of psychologically castrating the police with “sensitivity” training.
A disturbing similarity between Seatde and Wichita is the failure of the Whites to defend themselves or their kind. In Wichita three able-bodied young White men stood and watched helplessly while two Blacks raped their women, and then all of the Whites knelt obediendy in the snow and let the Blacks shoot them in the back of the head, one at a time. In Seatde thousands of young White men stood with their mouths open in surprise and watched Blacks chase young White women through the crowd, knock them to the ground, and kick them. The only exception of which I am aware is young Kris Kime. If the Blacks hadn’t killed him when he tried to help a White girl they were attacking, perhaps he would have been charged with a “hate crime” for interfering with the Blacks’ rampage. The sort of spineless passivity displayed by most of the young White men in Seatde in the face of Black violence against their women is for more disturbing than the drunken
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
vandalism 1 saw some Whites engaged in.
I am sure that some of this pas-sivity is the consequence of the gem eral feminization or our young men. I also am sure that part of the reason the young White men in the crowd failed to organize, arm themselves with baseball bats or whatever other weapons they could find, and put a quick end to the Black violence against other Whites is the media
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
conditioning they have been receiving all their lives. They were afraid that to have opposed the Blacks would be “racist”
It is hard for me to feel sorry for Whites who are victimized by Blacks in the way the Whites of Wichita and Seattle were. White people who will not fight don’t deserve to live. White people who ate not mentally and morally prepared to fight don’t deserve to live. And White people who are sur-
prised that Blacks behaved the wav they did in the Fat Tuesday riot clearly aren’t prepared to fight.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Seattle's Fat Tuesday Riot,” aired on March 10, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
Poisonous Doctrines
Today let’s begin by talking about individualism ana individualists. I’m using those words in a special sense. In this broadcast when I say “individualist” 1 mean a person who habitually fails to consider or to give proper weight to the group context in which he Delongs when viewing the world, formulating ideas, and reaching decisions; ana who in evaluating other people fails to put them into the group context to which they belong, instead focusing narrowly only on the individual at hand.
I also will use the word “individualist” to designate a person who makes an ideology out of his individualism. In this sense an individualist is a person who believes that it is good, moral, admirable, proper, and so on, to disregard group contexts; and immoral, unpatriotic, reprehensible, and wicked not to disregard them. Actually it’s impossible to avoid group contexts, and the ideological individualist himself divides people into two groups: namely, individualists, who, like himself, are good people; and “collectivists," who, like me, are bad people, akin to communists.
I’ve spoken with you in earlier broadcasts about the ideology of individualism, and today I want to focus more on some of the practical implications of the attitude. I’ll tell you first what prompted my choice of this subject today: Two weeks ago I said some unkind things about lawyers, judges, and our judicial system, and in response to that broadcast I received a couple of indignant letters from lawyers who told me that I was both unfair and inaccurate in my negative characterization of lawyers. Not all lawyers are soulless, money-grubbing crooks, they told me. Some lawyers
are decent, honest, patriotic people, they told me. Some lawyers agree with me about most things, and it is foolish to alienate them by calling all lawyers crooks. I need their support, and I will lose it if I continue to insult them.
Well, I can’t really disagree with that. I personally know a few lawyers who aren’t crooks, and I certainly do want to retain their support. Looking at my broadcast of two weeks ago from an individualist viewpoint, it was both unfair and inaccurate. The individualist would say that I paint things with too broad a brush. I should say that some lawyers are crooks, and then the individualist will agree with me. Of course, the essence of my message two weeks ago was not that some lawyers are crooks; it was that the judicial system is corrupt The system designed by lawyers and staffed by lawyers for the purpose of making and interpreting the laws is corrupt. The fact that every lawyer is in some sense a part of that system does not mean that every lawyer is corrupt A few lawyers who are in the system are fighting against the system. I didn’t say that two weeks ago, because I wanted to keep my message simple and direct I didn’t want to distract my listeners from the main thrust of the message with qualifications and quibbles. It’s an important message, and I wanted it to make the strongest possible impression on my listeners. I deliberately paint with a broad stroke.
Here’s another example of the way in which people looking at things from an individualist viewpoint misunderstand my message. I am often critical of the Christian churches, of their subservient collaboration with
the Jews, of their encouragement of miscegenation and their other racially destructive policies. And some Christians who agree with my positions on the Jews and on race take offense at my comments regarding the overall role of Christianity in our society today, and they tell me, “Hey! I’m offended. All Christians aren’t race-mixers and collaborators with the Jews.” And of course, I understand than I understand that there are many individual Christians who are good people, Christians who don’t run with the Jews, but what I was talking about was the overall role of Christianity and the Christian churches in our society, and that role today is destructive.
Another example: I often talk about the feminization of our society and the feminization of our young men, and I make it quite clear that I don’t approve of these things. This offends some women, who take what I say personally. An expression I used in one broadcast that offended several of my women listeners enough for them to send me indignant letters of protest was the phrase “college gills of both sexes.” The implication was that college girls are not to be taken more seriously than feminized college boys. At another time I stated that permitting women to vote was a terrible mistake, and again I received letters from women who indignandy told me that they vote more responsibly than many men they know. Well, I’m sure they do, but I was calking about the overall effect of women’s voces, and that has been very damaging to our society.
Of course, women as a rule take everything personally, and so I explain individually to those who pro. test that I do take women seriously.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box
330 . Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
13
A White woman is attacked by Blacks during the Seatle Mardi Gras riot while several White men stand by.
that I value and respect them, and that I love them — but that I also understand that despite all of the fas-cinating individual differences among them, all of them are profoundly different from men.
When I receive protests from lawyers and from male Christians, however, I see the individualist fallacy at work. Men should not look at the world as individualists. They should understand that it is not only natural and proper but necessary to judge other men according to the group of which they are a part. Just as people have individual characteristics, they also have collective characteristics, and to ignore the latter from fear of being considered a racist or a sexist or an anti-Semite or a homophobe is the worst sort of folly. When one is in a war one doesn’t judge the soldiers on the other side as individuals. One doesn’t hold one’s fire because the fellow in the enemy’s uniform who is charging with a rifle in his hands may really have wanted to be a conscientious objector instead of a combat infantryman. If he’s in the enemy’s uniform, one shoots at him.
We understand, of course, that not all Blacks are muggers or gang-bangers or armed robbers or HIV-infected rapists, just as we understand that not every Jew is a predator who is actively scheming to destroy our people after he has sucked us dry. When I look at a Black I may see a criminal or a welfare bum, or I may see an honest, hard-working person, but in either case I see a Black, and I understand what his race is doing to my race collectively. Even if an individual Black with whom I am dealing is friendly, intelligent, and moral, I would be a fool to expect him to join me in a campaign to put an end to what his race is doing to my race and my civilization collectively.
I sometimes am obliged to deal with Jews: much more often than with Blacks, in fact, because Jews collectively have arrogated to themselves so many positions of control and influence in our society. And I am able to distinguish among individual Jews. I see that many of them with whom I deal are tricky and deceitful, but there are some who are straightforward and sincere, I believe. Many are really hateful, but occasionally I meet one who is almost likable. Yet I never forget what Jews collectively, as a
whole, are doing and have done to my people collectively.
We must understand that we are in a planet-wide race-war, and the survival of our race depends on our winning this war. We won’t win by wasting our time trying to figure out who the friendly Blacks are and who the hostile ones are. We won’t win by refusing to talk about what the Jewish media bosses and the powerful Jewish organizations are doing to our people from fear that we may be unjustly casting suspicion on Jews who are simply minding their own business. We must deal with them collectively, and when the crunch comes that’s certainly the way they will deal with us.
In fact, that’s pretty much the way they already deal with us. When those gangs of Blacks were running wild through the Mardi Gras crowd in Seattle a couple of weeks ago, savagely attacking White people, they didn’t try to figure out which Whites were racists and which ones were diversity-loving, race-mixing liberals. Their cry was, “Let’s get a Whitey! We gonna
kick some White ass tonight,” and they attacked any White target of opportunity they encountered.
The national media have successfully kept most of the country from hearing about the Fat Tuesday race riot in Seeatde, and on that subject I have a few more thoughts to share with you. For one thing, I’ve been able to gather a little more information about what happened that night Not only was there a series of vicious beatings and robberies of White men and women by gangs of rampaging Blacks, there also was a series of sexual assaults. The controlled media were even more eager to keep these covered up than the beatings and robberies, but the news is leaking out — in Seattle, at least
It was very similar to what happened in New York’s Central Park last year, when a gang of Blacks and Puerto Ricans grabbed White women who were walking in the park, ripped their clothes off, squeezed their breasts, pushed fingers into their vaginas, and otherwise abused and humil-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
This White man, although injured himself, is trying to stop a Black from attacking others during the riot in Seattle.
iated them. Just as in New York, in Seattle it was very definitely racial, often with both Black males and Black females collaborating in the sexual abuse of White women, and it was very definitely hostile: the same Black gangs who were sexually abusing White women were viciously beating White women and White men. When it happened in Central Park the news got out; primarily, I think, because a couple of very loud Jewish feminists were among those abused. In Seatde it’s been covered up. But now it is coming out, after a fashion. I’ll read just one line from a March 12 article in the Seattle Post-lntelli-gencer about just one woman who was being held down and abused on Fat Tuesday while a news reporter filmed the scene: wAt one point there are 19 hands — black, Asian, Hispanic — on her body."
Now I want to talk with you more about something I touched on at the beginning of last week’s broadcast, and that’s the behavior of the White people in Seatde’s Matdi Gras crowd both before and during the riot. I should begin by saying that it wasn’t the way the local media and the Seat-de police claimed it was, with hooligans of both races fighting it out Whites did not attack Blacks. It was entirely Blacks attacking Whites. I have had a chance now to study video-
tape footage of the riot, and the onesided nature of the racial attacks is quite clear.
What also is quite clear, however, is that many Whites in the crowd were acting like Blacks, and virtually all of the Whites were acting like lemmings. First, the Whites acting like Blacks: “wiggers” they are generally called, for an obvious reason. There were many young White men in the crowd wearing the backward baseball caps and baggy shorts that are the trademark uniform of the wigger. Pathetic souls that they are, they nave been robbed of any natural sense of racial identity and racial community by this utterly sick and depraved society in which we live. And I mean deliberately robbed, with malice aforethought.
The Jewish media — and the public schools — have played especially reprehensible roles in this destructive, genocidal work. Everything that in healthier times helped give our young people a sense of collective racial identity and racial pride has been repudiated in the schools. The teaching of history and literature has become a joke. The Jews and the feminists and the egalitarians have ripped the guts out of everything in the schools that used to have White racial content. The multiculturalist ideologues think this is wonderful because it prepares
our children to be world citizens in the New World Order of multicultur-alism and diversity. For the multicul-turalists it’s a religion. But the conservative Republicans who have made an ideology out of individualism think it’s fine too: at least, it’s not collectivism; it’s not racism.
But having a sense of collective identity, a sense of who we are and what group we belong to is what’s natural. We evolved with a need for this sense of collective identity. That’s the way we survived in the past. And so when the schools and the media rob the more lemming-like kids of their sense of identity, they look for a replacement. And the ^chools — and especially the Jewish media — have a ready-made replacement for them. They find it on Sumner Redstone’s MTV. They find it in Black History Month, where they are told that everyone of worth, from the ancient Egyptian pharaohs to the inventors of the helicopter and television, were Blacks. They rind it in the glorification by the media of Black basketball players and other Black sports figures. Tney find it in the almost inescapable presence of Black music promoted by the media. And they are made to understand that if they wear a Confederate flag patch on their shirts they’ll be expelled from school. But it’s OK to wear a Malcolm X T-shirt to commemorate a Black hero who wrote about how much he wanted to kill Whites. And so we have wiggers imitating Blacks in clothing styles, in speech patterns, in musical taste, and in behavior. That’s why when we look at the video footage of Seattle’s Fat Tuesday riot we can see young White men acting like Blacks, smashing windows, vandalizing cars, sometimes fighting with normal Whites, pawing girls, and behaving in a generally animalistic way.
Then there are the rest of the Whites, the approximately normal Whites. Two things are notable about them. First, they weren’t expecting the Blacks to misbehave; they were com-letely surprised when the Blacks egan attacking them. And second, they didn’t fight back. With the notable exception of 20-year-old Kris Kime, who was murdered by the Blacks for behaving the way a White man should behave, they didn’t even try to protect their own women. They just stood around and gaped at what
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
was happening. To me these two things ate far more disturbing than what the Blacks did.
So why were the more-or-less nor* mal Whites surprised when the Blacks began behaving like Blacks? Why weren’t they expecting that7 Haven’t we had enough experience with Black behavior in America yet?
And, of course, the answer to that is that the normal Whites are just as much lemmings as the wiggers. The wiggers just show it in a more degenerate fashion. The wiggers are usually the lower-IQ lemmings — the lower-class, more impressionable lemmings. But the normal lemmings, most of them less than 30 years old, have been conditioned all their lives, just like the wiggers, by the Jewish media, by the schools, by the government, and by the Christian churches to believe that Blacks are the same as Whites, except a little darker. Really, most young Americans believe that, and they’re surprised every time reality conflicts with their belief. Every
I day I receive letters from distressed young lemmings who have heard one of my broadcasts or visited my Web site. They whine at me, “Why can’t you see that we’re all the same? Don’t you understand that the only difference between us and Blacks is skin color? Don’t you know that the only race is the human race? The scientists have proved it!”
And really, they all sound pretty much alike. They have had these lies drilled into their heads, and they parrot them back at me. And some of these lemmings are reasonably bright, educated people. They really believe that scientists have proved that there is no difference between Blacks and Whites. And, I am sorry to say, some scientists have contributed to this false belief, either because they are lemmings themselves and want to show that they are Politically Correct, or because they hope to improve their chances of getting another government research grant. Some of the scientists associated with the human genome project, for example, have been quoted by the media as saying that the mapping of the human genome supports the notion that racial differences are insignificant There is only a fraction of a percent difference between the genomes for Whites and for Blacks they say. The
FREE SPEECH for March 2001
genomes for the various races are far more similar than they are different.
What they don’t say, of course, is that there is only a fraction of a per cent difference between the genome for White people and that for chimpanzees. In fact, there is only a very small percentage difference among the genomes for all the species of mammals. Most of the mammalian genome, whether it is for a White person or a rat or a Negro or a dog, contains instructions for how to synthesize hair and skin and nails and bone and milk and teeth and nerve tissue and so on. Nearly all of the mammalian genome is taken up with these instructions that are pretty much the same for all mammals. Only a tiny fraction of the mammalian genome is different for each species. But that tiny fraction of the mammalian genome that specifies whether the hair and skin and bone and other tissues will become a White person or a rat or a Negro or a dog is important. The differences, small though they may seem compared to the similarities, are significant Except to lemmings, of course, who really don’t get it.
White women baring their breasts in the presence of Black males is an indication of just how lemming-like the normal Whites are. Even back in Christian times, when the Mardi Gras festival was a much more significant thing than it is today, there was a sexual flavor to much of the revelry. But if a woman bared her breasts in a village Maidi Gras festival in those times, 200 or 300 years ago, say, there were only Whites present, only members of her own tribe, her own racial family, and she could reasonably expect that she would not be sexually assaulted. There’s an enormous difference between that and exposing herself to non-Whites. But lemmings have been conditioned not to understand that And so they really were surprised when the Blacks in the crowd began behaving like Blacks.
It is not only the lie that we are all the same, that there are no signifi-
15
cant differences between us and Blacks, that made the Whites in Seat-de such easy victims for the Blacks. It also is the abominable doctrine of the ideological individualists that it is immoral to judge people collectively, the racially destructive doctrine that it is immoral to deal with rioting Blacks collectively. The individualists have preached that we should look only at individuals committing crimes against other individuals, and we should shut our eyes to the fact of Blacks committing crimes collectively against Whites. The individualists have preached that for Whites even to notice what Blacks collectively are doing to Whites collectively, whether in a Mardi Gras festival or in our public schools or anywhere else is wicked; it is racist. It is wicked to notice what the collective Black presence in our society is doing to our society, to our civilization. We must judge each Black individually; we must not organize a White posse and begin cracking Black skulls when we see Backs collectively rampaging against our fellow Whites, the way they did in Seatde.
These liberal doctrines are poisonous, racially destructive doctrines, both the doctrine of equality and the doctrine of individualism. Of course, there’s more to it: there is the general softness, the generally feminized condition, of young White males these days. And there was the presence of the wiggers in the crowd, blurring the distinction between Whites and Blacks. Altogether, as a race we are in pretty sorry shape. It’s really dangerous, and we need to do something about it Get in touch with me, and I’ll tell you what you and I together can do.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Poisonous Doctrines,” aired on March 17, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).

Subscribe to FREE SPEECH
Send $40.00, your name and address, and a note saying, I want to subscribe o FREE SPEECH" to the address on the bottom of this page.
Please remember to write clearly.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year