“Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.” - John Adams, 1765
Speech
December 2003
$4.00
VO
For News Behind The Headlines - Subscribe Today!
Outreach Is Now Easier Than Ever
Subscribe To THE TRUTH AT LAST
Editor Dr. E.R. Fields
|This newspaper is mailed in a plain, brown, sealed envelope)
Subscribe and Receive IWo FREE Bonuses!
(For NEW Subscribers Only)
1) New booklet: “A Short History Of The Jews”
2) Two different back issues of this paper - a mine of information!
“Now in our 45th Year”
The Truth At Last
P. O. Box 1211 • Marietta, Georgia 30061
Chock Rate Desired:
1 year subscription $18	□
6 month subscription $10	□
4 month trial sub. $6	□
(Includes manuscripts)
State
Busy Schedule?
Don’t have the time or the layout programs to research and produce flyers?
National Alliance has flyers ready to download and print from the Internet at
http ://www. natall west. com /leaflets.htm or
http://www. resistance. com/ informa-tion/Get%20the%20word%20out .htm.
The research, writing and layout have already been done for you and approved. The flyers take the recipients straight to the Internet sites and the organization best designed to help the White race survive.
Flyers are available on many issues of interest to you and your community, and in other European languages than just English.
Copies can easily be photocopied ana distributed.
With much of the work already done, all that is needed is you.
The Signs That Can’t Be Ignored!
After the smashing success of Florida members in generating positive publicity for the Alliance with their series of highway billboards, the National Office is establishing a billboard fund. The money collected - about $1,200 is needed to begin - will be earmarked for future purchases of billboard space to keep the Alliance’s name and ideas prominent in the public eye. Several eye-catching designs are ready to go once the project is funded. Send contributions clearly marked “Billboard Fund” to P.O. Box 90, Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA.
Free Speech
2
December 2003
December 2003
Publisher Erich J. Gliebe
Managing Editor Shaun Walker
Editor, Layout and Design Lewis Doherty
Senior Writer Kevin Alfred Strom
Editorial Assistant Pete Harwood
Editorial Assistant Joshua McNair
Free Speech is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4. Ten copies (of the same issue) $10. Basic subscription $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, those who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Please make checks out to National Vanguard Books.
Copyright 2004 the National Alliance. All rights reserved. Any use in whole or in part without the express written permission of the National Alliance is forbidden.
Contents:
Jones and the Veld
by Kevin Alfred Strom................4
Think Racially, Act Locally
by Kevin Alfred Strom................9
War on the Border, an Interview with Jack Foote (Part One)
by Kevin Alfred Strom...............13
War on the Border, an Interview with
Jack Foote (Part Two)
by Kevin Alfred Strom ..............18
Free Speech P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946 www.natall.com
Letters to the editor, articles, comments and other submissions can be sent electronically (preferred method) to freespeech@natvan.com or mailed to the above address. Submissions used by Free Speech become the property of National Vanguard Books.
December 2003
3
Free Speech
Jones and the Veld
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of December 6, 2003
Cincinnati provides us with a frightening glimpse of the non-White America you’re building for your children as long as you put off joining or substantially supporting the National Alliance. Cincinnati also provides us with an egregious example of the bias of the Jewish media — and sobering proof of the danger of allowing any alien group to control our news media. Let me explain.
Unless you’re a hermit who entirely avoids the media, you’ve undoubtedly heard all you want to hear about the obese Black criminal,
Nathaniel Jones, who died while being subdued by Cincinnati police this week, so I’ll just briefly summarize the facts of the case.
Jones; who was using cocaine and PCP, drugs which often induce insane rages, bizarre behavior, and near-superhuman violence; was first noticed by the employees of a White Castle restaurant after he had passed out on the floor, probably from an overdose of drugs combined with a weak heart and his grossly obese 5 foot six inches, 350 pound body. Jones might have died even if police had
never been called and there had been no altercation. Before he passed out at around 5:45 AM, Jones had been behaving oddly, marching and dancing in a bizarre fashion. Paramedics were called, and when Jones awoke, left the restaurant, and continued his strange behavior, they followed standard procedure and called the police. At 6:00 AM, two White police officers arrived on the scene and attempted to converse with Jones, asking him “You’ve got to tell me what’s going
The Liferune versus Lifeline: An organization called Lifeline conducted a White guiltfest tour in several U.S. cities to ask for “forgiveness” for the White enslavement of Africans. The true victims of slavery turned out to be the Whites, who now are burdened with the Africans’ decendents. The benefactors are, in fact, the African slaves’ decendents, who live much better than their bretheren in Africa. The National Alliance was there to counterprotest this outrage as shown in the photo of Maryland members. Photo: S. Mosbey
on.” The monstrous Black then shouted at the officer “White boy, redneck,” lunged at him and attempted to put him in a headlock. The two White officers defended themselves and called for backup. The nearly 400-pound PCP-crazed
Jones was a lot to handle, especially for officers in Cincinnati, where Black riots in the past have caused timid police administrators to place a thousand and one restrictions on what policemen may do, particularly where Blacks are concerned. When they and the four other officers who arrived — one of whom was Black — finally subdued Jones, by hitting him with nightsticks and wrestling him to the ground, he had stopped breathing. He was pronounced dead shortly thereafter at a local hospital.
There was a video made of the incident, and it is quite revealing. The police officers were clearly attacked. Jones was clearly out of control and a threat to himself and others. As far as anyone has been able to determine, proper procedures were followed. But the original responding officers were White. The man they had to subdue was Black. The Black man died. That’s a cue for the Jewish media to go into overdrive — and they have. The media circus is itself a cue for other sectors of the society to respond to the ‘outrage’ we are all supposed to feel at the slightest intimation of ‘White racism.*
As I’ve mentioned before on this program, the Google News search engine (news.google.com) gives a pretty good overview of what the controlled media are saying at any given time and on any
Free Speech
4
December 2003
ignored. New laws give the authorities all kinds of NKVD-like powers, and every major city and many federal agencies have black-helmeted killers and terrorizers at their disposal. To deal with the street gangs and street animals that the Jews and ‘liberals’ have loosed on America, we need law enforcement that is just as mean and violent as the animals they are trying to control — and we need to build prisons at a rate so fast it makes your head spin. No White person would want to live in the police state that will be needed to keep a Third World America under control. No White person would want to live in Cripsville or Bloodsville, either — which is what

“If we knew how things were going to turn out, we would have picked the cotton ourselves.”
As described on the opposite page, the National Alliance did not allow Lifeline’s guiltfest message to go unchallenged. “White Guilt Zone” signs sprouted across Annapolis, Maryland. In addition to counter-demonstations in Maryland, the National Alliance also counter-demonstrated in Massachusetts and Virginia.
given subject. They’ve gone ballistic on the Nathaniel Jones story. As I record this program, they’re showing 690 stories from newspapers and television stations and wire services around the world on the rather commonplace death of a drug-soaked Negro with the uncommon circumstance that he was fighting with White officers just before he died. And some of the stories are indicative of the Black solidarity and White weakness and guilt that are the hallmarks of a society in which the Jewish media have full sway: Boycotts of White businesses by Black advocacy groups, church groups protesting against the police department, the Bi Justice Department investigating the Cincinnati police, the NAACP claiming that Jones’ “civil rights” were violated, a high-profile attorney is brought in for a possible civil suit against the city, and on and on and on.
Now I’ve spoken to you before on the fact that our law enforcement and justice system is breaking down — it can’t keep up with upward-spiraling non-White crime fueled by huge non-White birth rates and immigration. As the system attempts to deal with the war zones that the non-White parts of our cities have become,
America does begin to look more and more like a police state. Cops have to get meaner and tougher, even while their administrators try to tie their hands for ‘racial sensitivity’ reasons. Constitutional rights are routinely
you have when the police are too weak. Neither alternative is acceptable. Neither alternative gives our children a life worth living. There is only one alternative that will work, that we can live with — the alterna-
tive of the National Alliance: total racial separation. Freedom and self-determination for White people. Independence in the true sense of the word and in the sense that the Founding Fathers meant it.
But let’s back away from Nathaniel Jones for a moment and look at what’s going on right now in South Africa. Since the White government was overthrown there in 1994 and ‘democracy’ was established at the behest of the Jews and their deluded White followers, there have been systematic, planned murders of Whites on a scale that boggles the mind. The level of violence against White farmers there is admitted to be the highest level of murder in the world — over 313 per 100,000 population per year — higher than in many war zones. The rate for England and Wales, for example, is 1.3 per 100,000 — almost 300 times less. Even the pro-Black media in that part of the world admit that over 1,000 White farmers have been murdered there, though the total is undoubtedly far higher than that. These attacks by Blacks on the productive White farmers are usually called ‘farm killings,’ ‘farm murders,’ or ‘farm invasions.’ You almost never hear about them on television or in your local newspaper. This one is just typical, which I quote from newzimbabwe.com: ...four young men invaded the farm of Beatriz and Jose Freitas in the north-east of South Africa. Jose, who is disabled, was tied up while they ransacked the house. They asked
December 2003
5
Free Speech
Beatriz where her iron was. Then they dragged her to the laundry, took off her clothes, kicked her to the ground, raped her, poured oil over her, switched on the iron and applied it to her body. Her skin came away in flaps. Three years later Jose was shot dead. This attack, reported by the South African TV programme Carte Blanche, is not unusually gruesome\ There are hundreds that are as bad or worse. Old men are forced to watch their wives being raped before the couple are painfully killed. Farmers and farmworkers are tortured over many hours.
The figures I compiled last year for my broadcast “The Killing of Whites Continues” indicated that at that time 1,368 Whites had been confirmed killed in this racially-motivated murder spree in South Africa alone. I won’t repeat the gruesome details again, but be assured that these are far more than just robberies or land seizures — when the White victims are tortured and raped in the most shocking manner imaginable, there is something else going on.
The point 1 am making today about the genocide of Whites in South Africa is this: Every few days a White man, a White woman, a White child, or an entire White family is abused and raped and tortured and killed in this ongoing campaign. If the media were in White hands this would be an issue. It would be an issue discussed every day on the television and on newspaper editorial pages in terms of outrage and demands that these killings cease immediately and that the guilty be punished. But it is not Whites are instead encouraged to be concerned about alleged wrongdoings by their ancestors 150 years ago. They are encouraged to get excited about Arab leaders who might have a microscopic chance of
having a weapon they’ve never used — and even go to war over it. And they have Nathaniel Jones and Rodney King shoved in their faces for weeks and months and years on end, and are encouraged to think of ‘White racist violence’ (which is almost nonexistent) as some kind of major threat requiring new ‘hate crime’ legislation to take away even more of our precious rights.
690 controlled media stories — many of them from major media outlets — dealing with the doubtful death of a single Black drug user. And how many stories are the media carrying about the ‘farm murders’ of Whites in South Africa? Nineteen. That’s right — nineteen. And that’s adding the news.google.com search numbers together for ‘farm murders,’ ‘farm killings,’ and ‘farm invasions.’ And many of those stories are on obscure sites or from small papers with little circulation. If they’re not on ABC or Fox News, they might as well not be happening. Nathaniel Jones is happening. The White people killed yesterday on the veld are not happening. The Jewish media, my friends, are literally killing us.
[http://tinyurl.com/xjbk, http://tinyurl.com/xjh8, http://tinyurl.com/xj e5 & http://tinyurl.com/xjeq ]
On last week’s program, I spoke to you about the pervasiveness of the phrase “we are committed to the survival of Israel as a Jewish state” in the mouths of our bought-and-paid-for politicians, who could not care less about the survival of America as a White state. I gave you example after example of the use of that phrase, almost word-for-word, but just after I recorded last week’s show, I came upon yet another example of it: In 1976, when he was running his successful presidential campaign, Jimmy Carter’s election literature
stated that one of the goals of Carter presidency would be “ft/ make our total commitment to the security of Israel as a Jewish state absolutely clear.” [http://tinyurl.com xig8] So the Jewish supremacist boilerplate — “security of Israel as a Jewish state’ — is at least 27 years old and really, probably older. If any listener can come up with earlier examples of that phraseology, I’d appreciate receiving copies of them.
Jimmy Carter, by the way, like Richard Nixon before him, was a bit restive under the Jewish whip. Both he and Nixon did practically everything the Jews ordered them to do, both in terms of supporting the Jewish racial state of Israel and in making sure that America ceased being any kind of racial state for Whites. They both knew they had to do that, or their chances of reelection would be instantly reduced to zero by the Jewish money and media machine. Nixon was caught on tape in private conversation expressing his real feelings about the Jews and their illegitimate power — how they were ruining the country and were the main architects of American decline — but he never uttered a peep of it in public. Carter was a little braver. Even though he uttered and signed numerous pro-Israel statements, probably written by Jewish speech-writers, every now and then he blurted out a bit of the truth in public. He once stated, when asked why he couldn’t put pressure on Israel to change its policies, that open opposition to Israel would be “personal political suicide.” [http://tinyurl.com/xifc] He did lose the next election to the actor Ronald Reagan, who’d been taking Jewish orders in Hollywood and as an agent of the Jewish media giant MCA for decades before he entered politics.
Carter is in the news again on the subject of Israel. Last
Free Speech
6
December 2003
Tuesday he spoke at a ceremony for the Geneva Accords Middle East peace negotiations, and he said that: The present administration in Washington has been invariably supportive of Israel, and the wellbeing of the Palestinian people has been ignored or relegated to secondary importance... There is no doubt that the lack of real effort to resolve the Palestinian issue is a primary source of anti-American sentiment throughout the Middle East and a major incentive for terrorist activity.
Well, Carter is a ‘liberal’ and puts things weakly and tentatively — but there it is: the main reason for anti-American sentiment and anti-American terrorism is America’s total subservience to Israel, our funding of and participation in the Israeli killing and conquest machine.
Former Israeli prime minister Ehud Barak is upset with Carter and with the whole Geneva Accords peace negotiations process, because — you guessed it — the Accords do not recognize Israel “as a Jewish state.” And he does mean a Jewish racial state. Barak’s main complaint is that the Accords postulate the right of Palestinians — some four million of them — to return to their homes from which they or their parents or grandparents were expelled by Jews. This means that there could soon be millions of new Israeli citizens not Jewish by race, and Barak doesn’t like that. Jews deserve a racial state, he believes, a place where they can run things as they see fit and a place where their unique genetic structure can be preserved. [http://tinyurl.com/x9v4, http://tinyurl.eom//xiik	&
http://tinyurl.com/xiib]
Well, White people need a racial state, too — and considering our population is much larger than world Jewry’s, and considering our
valuable cultural variations, we need more than one racial state. We need White France, White Britain, White America, White Russia, and all the states which Whites founded and where Whites are a majority to survive and prosper. To do that, they must protect their racial integrity. If Israel has a right to do that, so does America, so does Argentina, so does Norway, so does Australia. So does the European race wherever it resides. The beginning of the salvation of the White gene pool will start with one nation, and it will spread to others. Within each nation, the attainment of White survival will begin with a small group of dedicated men and women who will strive with all their might to see their people saved. That process has already begun. It started in the hearts and minds — in the feelings and the reason — in the acts of generosity and of heroism — in the men and women of the National Alliance. It is ever renewed and strengthened by each new generation discovering the truth we have preserved and propagated and augmented. It is renewed again — as you hear or read my words — in you.
The Jews like to complain loud and long about what they falsely describe as “White suprema-cism,” while they themselves are the true supremacists. They do indeed wish to dominate other peoples in a purposely-contrived multiracial and multicultural society. The suprema-cism that threatens all peoples of the Earth, including White people, is Jewish Supremacism.
Jewish Supremacism is also the title of a new and groundbreaking work by imprisoned writer and thinker David Duke. In this new work, Mr. Duke rips away the shroud of pretended morality from the ugly body of Jewish hate. He reveals the Jewish establishment for
what it is: a maniacal racial cult based on hate, exploitation, and genocide of other peoples — and a cult which is directing its considerable resources against the very survival of White European peoples.
Even the most skeptical reader will be convinced by this book. Mr. Duke brings to light the incredible double standard prevailing when it comes to the Jewish state. He asks us why the controlled media:
Support the nation of Israel, which promotes Judaism in its schools, while opposing even the singing of Christmas carols in American public schools?
Support the nation of Israel, which has strictly segregated schools, communities, and facilities for Jews and Arabs - while condemning segregated schools and housing in America and South Africa?
Support the nation of Israel, with its restrictive “Jews Only” immigration laws, while subverting American attempts to curtail even illegal immigration?
Support the nation of Israel, which allows every Jewish citizen to carry a machine gun if desired, while advocating gun control for American citizens?
Support the nation of Israel, which openly states its mission to preserve the Jewish people and heritage, while condemning European Americans who dare to advocate the preservation of the Western heritage and culture in America?
Always depict the historical relations between Jews and Gentiles with the Gentiles as evildoers and the Jews as innocent victims, while condemning Gentiles as “anti-Semites ” if they dare defend themselves from such ethnic slanders?
December 2003
7
Free Speech
Mr. Duke looks at ancient Jewish writings and asks the objective reader to evaluate these Jewish claims for themselves:
Israelites are a “chosen people,” chosen by God above all the other peoples of the world,
Israelites have a right to rule over all other people and are promised that they will someday own and rule over the whole world, Israelites boast of genocide against whole peoples and kingdoms.
Israelites are commanded to murder all the people of the lands where they intend to live and to kill all the people of foreign nations that do not submit themselves in slavery.
Israelites are forbidden to make slaves of their own people, but are encouraged to enslave non-Israelites whom they may pass down as slaves to their descendants forever.
Israelites are forbidden to
intermarry or “mix their seed” with other peoples.
When you read Jewish Supremacism, you will be absolutely amazed at the objective evidence amassed by Mr. Duke. This evidence is drawn from unbiased and even Jewish sources, is easily verifiable, and is utterly convincing to even the most skeptical reader. Jewish Supremacism is one of the most powerful new tools we have for educating our people as to their real peril. I urge you to read this book and buy copies for your loved ones. No better gift could be given.
Jewish Supremacism by David Duke is available as our item 1075 for S24.95 plus S3 shipping and handling, a total of $27.95. This important work will change the lives of those who read it — it will awaken your friends and family members to the plight of their people in a constructive, positive way.
It will lead them away from the false paths of non-racial ‘conservatism’ or Jewish-approved racialism that does not name the architects of White genocide. Order Jewish Supremacism today for $27.95 postpaid as our item 1075 from: National Vanguard Books Box 330 Hillsboro WV 24946 USA
And please remember also to send $ 18 postpaid for a six-issue subscription to our full-color magazine, National Vanguard, which covers the issues we discuss here on our radio program from many different perspectives and in even greater depth. Our newest and biggest issue ever, our 121st, has arrived from the printer and is now available for sale. Just write to the same address given above or subscribe online at www.natvan.com or at our new news site, www.nationalvanguard.org.
Until next week, this is Kevin Alfred Strom reminding you to keep on thinking free.
What a great gift for the Yule Season !
THE TURNER DIARIES
Andrew Macdonald Catalog Item: 202 211 pages —Soft Cover	$	12.95
This is the book which the Judeo-leftist media have been claiming hysterically is the “blueprint” for everything from the Oklahoma City bombing to the takeover of the U.S. government by “White extremists.” They have declared THE TURNER DIARIES to be the “Bible of the racist right.”
Now you can obtain a copy of the “Bible of the racist right” for your self, or as a gift for a friend or relative.
Since this book is banned from most bookstores by proponents of “multiculturalism” and the New World Order, this may be one of your few opportunities to obtain it....before the revolution.
The book is available for $ 12.95, + $ 3.00 for postage and handling for orders to U.S. destinations, + $5.00 for postage and handling for orders outside of the U.S., from National Vanguard Books, P.O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA.
Free Speech
8
December 2003
Think Racially, Act Locally
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of December 13, 2003
Back in October, a group of illegal Mexican immigrants and their Jewish and Christian supporters decided to imitate the so-called Civil Rights ‘Freedom Ride’ of the 1960s, when racial agitators toured the southern part of the United States, rioting and openly flouting the state and local laws which still protected the racial integrity of the American people back then. Like their exemplars of the 1960s, these modem Free Riders — as I dubbed them — traveled with a bevy of Jewish media hangers-on, documenting their every move. They were photographed and filmed meeting with toothless Border Patrol agents, who asked them for their papers, were haughtily refused, and then let them go. They were interviewed respectfully. They were shown meeting with mayors, congressmen, senators, and other public officials eager to get the so-called Hispanic bloc vote — and anxious to win the approval of the Jewish media, which is so valuable when election time rolls around. The Jewish media gave them the equivalent of tens of millions of dollars in free advertising, promoting the idea that our immigration laws should be scrapped and that as many Mestizos who feel like it should move north and begin occupying the land that our White forefathers sacrificed and died for. Critics of the Free Riders — those who think that America should remain American — were seldom shown, and, when they were, they were attacked as ‘anti-Americans’ or ‘haters’ or ‘bigots’ or the like.
So the mayors and congress-creatures and other political publicity hounds kept on meeting with Free Riders as they toured the country in their air-conditioned buses. These public officials knew that the Free Riders were illegal immigrants.
They knew that by their very presence they were breaking numerous federal, state, and local laws. They knew that the Free Riders should
Acting Locally:	National
Alliance member Michael Weaver of Georgia shows a copy of one of the flyers he was distributing when a politically correct busy body decided to violate Weaver’s First Amendment rights by removing the flyers from the windshields of vehicles before the flyers reached their intended recepients. He brought suit against the busy body pro se to stop her activities and won against her attorney.
This victory in September 2004 comes after other First Amendment victories won by members of the Massachusetts Unit under Michael Medeiros in Bellingham and the Utah Unit under Travis Massey.
have been arrested on the spot. But there were no arrests.
And the Free Riders and their Jewish media handlers knew there would be no arrests. That’s why they were bold enough to walk right into the building with the immigration authorities with smiles
on their faces. They knew they would walk right back out again.
Meanwhile, most White Americans did what they usually do when confronted by aggression from non-Whites and the Jewish media establishment: They stayed home and did nothing. Most of them remained lost in their work — which they have to do more and more of to afford the made-in-China junk which has replaced White children as the focus of their lives — and, when work-time was through, they entertained themselves with mindless and repetitive Jewish filth purveyed to them on their plastic-cased made-in-China TV sets. It seems like the Free Riders just rolled over America without a hitch. The media are on their side, and so are virtually all of the politicians.
But there was a hitch. The men and women of the National Alliance were that hitch. They confronted the Free Riders — publicly — and made sure that the world knew that a growing number of White people are wise to the takeover-by-immigration plan of the Mestizos; and that a growing number of White people are wise to the soulless corporations’ plan to exploit those Mestizos and push Whites out; and that a growing number of Whites are wise to the plotters behind all of these things — the billionaire Jewish media elite, whose survival strategy demands that Whites be dispossessed and eventually exterminated. The environmentalists have a very good slogan that helps them focus on protecting the Earth and its endangered species to the best of their ability: Think globally; act locally. We who want to preserve Earth’s most endangered species — the White race — should see the value in this concept. We are environmentalists, too. These National Alliance members did what we all should be doing:	Think
racially; act locally.
December 2003
9
Free Speech
In October, National Alliance New Jersey Coordinator Rich Lindstrom, along with radio talk show host Hal Turner, and a considerable group of supporters chose New Jersey’s Liberty State Park — in the shadow of the Statue of Liberty and within sight of the "Immigrant Workers Freedom Ride’ rally — for the place to make their stand. When Mr. Lindstrom spoke to the assembled Americans, he spoke of the ideals that inspired the Statue of Liberty. He pointed out that the French never intended to present the Statue of Liberty as a gift to celebrate immigration to America, but rather intended it to honor our liberty and freedom. Mr. Lindstrom said that those who have twisted the meaning of the monument into a propaganda tool to support open borders are criminals “who wish to destroy the American way of life.” He called on law enforcement officials to enforce our immigration laws and put an end to the unlawful acts of the Free Riders and the endless criminal acts of non-White immigrants in this country, in which innocent Whites are often the victims of rape, violence, robbery, and murder.
Rich Lindstrom, Hal Turner, and the National Alliance members in New' Jersey saw two things: the White victims of non-White crime and its Jewish media facilitators; and the openly-flaunted lawbreaking of the Free Riders in their New Jersey home. So they took action. They thought racially and acted locally. [http://tinyurl.com/ykkn]
About a month after the Liberty State Park rally, Joe Mongelli, the Democratic mayoral challenger in Elmwood Park, New Jersey — where the local National Alliance unit holds its meetings — thought he could make an election issue of the increasingly-visible National Alliance presence in the state. His printed advertisements bewailed the presence of the National Alliance, incongruously linking us with the Republicans, who are actually more often the focus of our criticism these days than the Democrats, and he followed
Free Speech
up with a telephone campaign promising to “run us out” of Elmwood Park if he were elected. I’ll let Mr. Lindstrom tell it in his own words:
In an unsuccessful bid to oust 30-year Elmwood Park, New Jersey incumbent Mayor Richard Mola, the Democratic challenger Joe Mongelli based his campaign on the presence of the National Alliance in the New Jersey borough. The heated campaign was fueled by Councilman Mongelli 9s mailing to residents stating, “Under Mayor Mola9s watch, our borough has become a safe haven for racist and white separatist organizations. 99
Mongelli followed that up with a similar phone campaign to local residents, pledging to run the National Alliance out of Elmwood Park.
Yesterday, the citizens replied to Mongelli9s fear tactics and attempts to deny the National Alliance its Constitutional rights of freedom of speech and assembly. This morning the Bergen Record published these poll results: Mola, 2,614 votes; Mongelli, 1,997 votes. In the council two Republicans won seats, another loss for Mongelli
The largely White population of Elmwood Park has spoken. The National Alliance will continue to meet there and in other towns all across New Jersey. Neither Democrats nor Republicans can stop us. [http://tinyurl.com/ykm2]
In St. Louis, Missouri, National Alliance Unit Coordinator Aaron Collins also thought racially and acted locally.
When a group calling itself the ‘International Institute’ in St. Louis worked to plant a colony of Somalis in the city, it expected the usual zero resistance from the befuddled Whites of the city — and plenty of cash extorted from the sleeping taxpayers, along with positive publicity from the Jewish media anytime it was wanted. What they didn t count on was the National Alliance and its local leader Mr. Collins. On the second anniversary of the
10
September 11th attacks — whi h was an example of immigrant terror ism and of alien groups bringing their foreign wars to our shores -! the National Alliance stood on the street in front of the ‘International Institute’ and told the world that we had had enough of non-White immigration, legal and illegal. The impression made by the well-dressed and civilized — but adamant and firm — National Alliance protestors was such that it generated an unusual response from the media: Though many media outlets arrived to film the proceedings and the participants, none of the footage was aired. The demonstration would have made too positive of an impression and it was impossible to spin the way the Jewish media would have wanted to spin it. So it was blacked out. But thousands of White people in St. Louis saw that demonstration. There’s no Jewish censor yet between the optic nerve and the brain. [http://tinyurl.com/yks4] [http://tinyurl.com/yksd]
Two weeks later, Mr. Collins and the Alliance were on the streets of St. Louis again, when the Free Riders came to town on their nationwide lawbreaking tour. The National Alliance came out to greet them, as reported by local radio raconteur and pro-White activist Frank Weltner:
The St. Louis National Alliance participated in its third rally in as many weeks on September 29th, when 25 members showed up with signs and enthusiasm to protest the appearance of two busloads of illegal scab immigrants (and the political whores who support them) at the city9s Kiener Plaza.
During this rally, John Pommer and Frank Weltner defied the lawbreakers and traitors with shouts of “Illegal!,” “Scabs!,” “Hey, Mayor Slay, how much did they pay you to betray America? $100? $200?, ” and “Did they promise to share the drugs on their buses. Mayor Slay? ”
The appearance of illegal Mexicans in St Louis was one of a
December 2003
multi-city “tour” of appearances by 18 busloads of legal and illegal immigrants — incurring a billy by the way, of $ I million paid for by the scab-importing AFL-CIO which seems to have decided that importing low-wage scabs and putting Americans out of work are its main business now.
The National Alliance overwhelmed all other anti-immigration organizations by its numbers.
The event was rather overpoliced by an officer who seemed to have been educated by Hollywood's “Police Academy” movie. He reminded me of Nurse Ratchett in police drag. The officer grabbed signs, told the marchers to keep moving, and, in general, made himself rather obnoxious.
No one was arrested, and the mayor was well-harassed for his race-baiting antics in choosing illegal Mexicans over tax-paying and honest American citizens.
Most National Alliance members were happy with their performance and with the entire rally, which attracted about 60 patriots. Members expressed their intent to continue to appear in public to show Americans that “going quietly into that dark night of annihilation " is not what all members of the White race have in mind. !http://tinyurl. com/yksq]
The problem of non-White immigration is a problem in every White nation. The problem of Jewish control of the media seen and read and heard by White people is a problem in every White nation. These problems are race-wide problems and we must see them that way. We must think about these things from the perspective of the welfare of the entire race: we must think racially.
And, as we organize our White community across North America, Europe, and beyond, we must use our local influence and flex our local muscles so that our neighbors can see what we stand for and can see our faces, talk to us, and
know who we really are and what we’re really like. As National Alliance Membership Coordinator David Pringle has stated, while we should take advantage of the free speech opportunities of the Internet, we must also build a “flesh and blood White community” — and events like these are crucial in doing exactly that. We must act locally.
That’s what Roger Williams, Western States Regional Coordinator for the National Alliance has been doing. When National Alliance member Dan Schildhauer was fired by sports retailer Cabela’s merely for publicly expressing his opposition to illegal immigration, Mr. Williams didn’t sit on his hands; he went into action. The area Alliance literature distribution campaigns — already massive — went into overdrive, this time with a new theme: Boycott Cabela’s. When Americans can see that freedom of speech is stifled precisely because a White American dares to oppose the free labor flow for the corporations — because he dares to challenge the Jewish racemixing agenda — it is a very educational experience indeed, and Roger Williams is capitalizing on the opportunity. So far he has created boycottcabelas.com as a rallying point and activism tutorial and, in cooperation with Alliance members and coordinators across the country, there have been major public Boycott Cabela’s events in New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Nebraska, as well as smaller literature outreaches in several other states. This sends two messages:
A message to corporate giants like Cabela’s: you are going to lose money if you keep on supporting the Jewish racemixing program and especially if you trample on the free speech rights of White people.
A message to the White public: The men and women of the National Alliance care about your future. When no one else will, we will stand up for your children's future and for your free speech rights.
A perfect example of Think racially;	Act	locally.
[http://tinyurl.com/yl lj], [http://tinyurl.com/yllw], [http://tinyurl.com/yl3 8], [http://tinyurl.com/yl37]
Recently, Jewish former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright spoke at the University of Washington. Albright was an architect and facilitator of the Iraq sanctions, which unjustifiably killed hundreds of thousands of Iraqi children and undoubtedly contributed to hatred and terrorism against the United States. But — much worse she was also the one who launched the brutal NATO bombing campaign against Yugoslavia during the Clinton regime, which killed many thousands of innocent White people, qualifying her as a major war criminal and probably the greatest female war criminal of all time. She was hoping to meet at the University, answer a few softball questions, pose as a ‘stateswoman,’ have a couple photo ops, collect her fee, and leave. But thanks to local National Alliance activist Neil Camberly, it didn’t work out that way. I’ll let Mr. Camberly tell it in his own words:
I could hardly contain my joy to hear Justin Cowgill tell me that former Clinton Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, one-time wielder (not to mention user and abuser) of unimaginable military force, undebatably the worst female war criminal alive, would deliver a lecture at my alma mater, the University of Washington in Seattle. I and many others I know have waited anxiously for an opportunity to protest this hideous (in more ways than one) monster since early 1999, when she launched a brutal NATO bombing campaign against Yugoslavia, brazenly violating multiple central tenets of the GENEVA CONVENTIONS CODE ON WARFARE.
I spent all day thinking up and manufacturing large, doublesided signs and an event-specific flier, excited at the prospect of my group of 20 friends joining a protest
December 2003
11
Free Speech
staged by leftists angry about Albright's nonchalant, dismissive remarks concerning the US-induced deaths of hundreds of thousands of Iraqi infants.
Alas, we were the only protestors (!) in a city notorious for its ability to muster up anti-establishment rabble. There wasn't even heavy security for Albright in a building with a dozen entrances that we ultimately infiltrated after being kicked out a half-dozen times.
This was a slight disappointment, but shouldn't have been much of a surprise: The event was sold out two weeks ago, they already had the audience they wanted, and the local (including student) media essentially hushed it up to avoid trouble and embarrassment for the school and city. They're beginning to learn their lesson.
In any case, we didn't let a lack of rif-raf-augmented ranks stop us from doing what we could to spoil Albright's presentation and educate star-struck students and faculty about her criminal background. We marched from the library to the hall, lined up outside the entrance to the hall, displayed our (awesome) signs, loudly chant-
ed catchy slogans (MADELEINE ALBRIGHT: WAR CRIMINAL and NO MORE ZIONIST WARS), and ensured, despite constant police interference, that roughly one-third of the 800people in attendance were armed with our FLYER. I'd bet it was this latter action of ours that bothered her most Note-cards or no, I doubt I could concentrate enough to describe a court with Kim Jong II if I faced an audience as a quarter of its faces turned down periodically to study a digest sheet of my life's biggest no-nos. But then again I'm one of those people who know the sting of actually having to buy a scary mask on Halloween.
We capped it off with some great local food and drink and big smiles all around. This is serious business, we were protesting the cold-blooded murder of thousands and thousands of innocent people — our people — but I don't think I dishonor their memory by emphasizing the great feeling, the FUN of reasserting our will on the territory our people gave up decades ago. EVER YBODYshould be doing this. Even lone individuals. SHOWING our presence is how we will wedge our feet back in the door of the ideological battlefield. The gods know
that is one place where our sword« are BY FAR the mightiest
Madeleine Albright and her kind are a serious global threat to peace and to the survival of our people. Neil Camberly and the National Alliance members and supporters who joined him saw that threat. They thought racially. Then they acted locally. Hundreds of students — future leaders — saw or heard us as we were the only voices raised against this Jewish killer. You can see a short video clip of the rally at the following URL — it is quite evident that those inside the hall heard our voices, [http://tinyurl.com/yl5m]
Neil Camberly. Roger Williams. Aaron Collins. Rich Lindstrom. And thousands of other National Alliance members. Ladies and gentlemen, as listeners to this radio program you are probably already thinking racially. Now you need to act locally. Join and support the National Alliance.
Until next week, this is Kevin Alfred Strom reminding you of the words of Richard Berkeley Cotten: “Freedom is not free; free men are not equal, and equal men are not free.”
Now order a copy of the flag which flies over the National Headquarters!
This standard 3x5 flag with metal grommets features a black Life Rune with an Oak Crest. The most common colors used in the flags, coat of arms and seals of the White world, scarlet red, royal blue and pure white, are also used in this flag. The flag can be obtained for only $20 and $3.00 postage and handling from The National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946 or our Web site at www.natall.com.
Free Speech
12
December 2003
War on the Border: An Interview with Jack Foote
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of December 20, 2003
Today on Dissident Voices we welcome Mr. Jack Foote, founder of Ranch Rescue, an organization on the frontlines of the illegal invasion of the United States’ southern border.
K A S Welcome, Jack!
FOOTE:
Thank you, sir. I appreciate the opportunity to speak to your listening audience.
KAS: What is Ranch Rescue?
FOOTE:
Well, first of all,
Ranch Rescue is not 2004. a single organization; it is a network of multiple, independent state chapters. We work together collaboratively and cooperatively and at the invitation of private landowners to help them deal with crime that no one else will help them with. I am only one of the founders; I’m not the founder. There were eight of us originally. I’m not technically the leader; I’m only the national spokesman, because there’s no way that any one of us could lead all the separate state chapters. We’ve also got one chapter outside of the United States. That last chapter is in South Africa.
KAS: Can you explain why there’s a chapter in South Africa?
FOOTE: Because the farmers and ranchers out there are deal-
ing with the same — if not worse — crime wave that we’re seeing in our southern border counties.
KAS: I see. Well, we have covered that problem on our radio program before. Very good.
FOOTE:	Our	Colorado
chapter, actually, is the one that is most active and set up the South Africa chapter. They’re very involved also in the South African refugee situation.
KAS: Very good. I did notice there’s even a separate website for Ranch Rescue Colorado. How long has Ranch Rescue been around?
FOOTE:	We’ve been
around since the fourteenth of June, 2000. Our first field mission was conducted in October 2000 on Roger Barnett’s property right here in Cochise County. What we try to do is help the landowners directly. It’s not specifically an immigration issue, it’s not even specifically a border issue. We’ll go and help
13
landowners in any part of the nation and, in fact, we have a mission going on right now in Colorado called Operation Foxbat. We’re sending our volunteers to help the owner of a private wildlife preserve deal with the crime that’s been committed on her land by trespassers and poachers during hunting season. They come onto her private land, terrorize her, and maim and kill her animals. So our volunteers are helping in that regard as well. We’re also conducting what we call Operation Thunderbird here in Cochise	County,
Arizona, directly up against the border. In this case, our landowner host has been shot at from Mexico. He’s had the Mexican Army appear on his property four times since June that we know of. We’ve had one group of drug-smuggler paramilitary troops dressed in black fatigues and carrying machine guns come onto the property once since June. The day before yesterday I led a patrol. We found a stash of crystal methamphetamine on the property. This is a very well-used conduit for the smuggling of people and the smuggling of drugs and the smuggling of weapons. So, given the fact that no one has provided a credible deterrent — no one from our government, anyway, has provided a credible deterrent to these crimes — our landowner host has asked for our help as individual citizens and volunteers and neighbors.
KAS: It does seem to me that this is the sort of thing that the United States government and the
American
Prussian Blue (Lamb and Lynx Gaede) performed at the “Folk the System” festival sponsored by the National Alliance’s Sacramento, California Unit, September 10th through 12th,
December 2003
Free Speech
local authorities should be protecting these American citizens from.
FOOTE: You’re absolutely correct. They should be, but they’re not.
KAS: What was the inspiration for starting Ranch Rescue some three years ago?
FOOTE: The inspiration first came from the story that we heard of rancher Bob Maupin in eastern San Diego, California. He was in eastern San Diego County on his ranch when he was kidnapped at gunpoint by eight armed, uniformed Mexican soldiers who crossed the international border, came onto his private land, and were in the process of dragging him back to Mexico when he was rescued by the Border Patrol. Fortunately his daughter had enough presence of mind to get on the phone and call the Border Patrol, who sent a team and intercepted and arrested these eight armed, uniformed Mexican soldiers who were on American soil. Now, despite the fact that we have photographs on our website of these eight armed, uniformed Mexican soldiers who were being held on Mr. Maupin’s property by the border patrol — and we have photographs of their weapons — the State Department and the Border Patrol now claim that this event never happened, that the Mexican Army would never do such a thing.
KAS: Well, who do they claim it was? Clearly the Border Patrol was on the scene.
FOOTE: Yes, sir. But they all deny that it ever happened, despite the fact that we have the photographs on our website. And by the way, your listeners who want to go and look at these photographs can find them on our website at www.ranchrescue.com. Now this same incident happened again on November 24, 2003 just before Thanksgiving. A family of five — a mother, a father, and three minor children — were dragged from their home — from their privately-owned property on the Rio Grande in Texas
Free Speech
— into Mexico by armed, uni- smuggling industry that directly formed Mexican soldiers. This was benefits Mexico most of all, and reported on WorldNet Daily and that’s why it’s being deliberately was reported on NewsMax. The ignored and the facts swept under facts are not in dispute, despite the the rug by our own government. I
obfuscations that our own government tries to throw up. This actually happened, and they can also read this story on our website.
KAS: Is the Mexican government admitting that these things have happened?
FOOTE: They have refused to comment on it, and until we get coverage from the major news media of this cross-border terrorist raid by the Mexican army we’re never going to have any sorts of answers provided by anyone.
KAS: Do you have a clue as to what the reasons for these attacks by these uniformed soldiers are?
FOOTE: We do know that the second-largest industry in Mexico is drugs, and the illegal smuggling of drugs and people combined is the largest industry in Mexico. It exceeds the industry of tourism; it exceeds the revenues generated by oil production; it is what Mexico does more of than anything else is smuggle drugs and people illegally into the United States. Now keep in mind that the old days where you saw ones and twos and small groups of criminals coming across the southern border into the United States are gone. Now 99% of the illegal alien traffic is controlled and benefit is derived from [it] by the same criminal cartels that do the drug-smuggling. So the money paid to smuggle people into the United States goes into the same pockets as the money from the drug smugglers. Violence escalates daily.
KAS: Are big U.S. corporations involved in this? I know some of them are after the cheap labor that these immigrants bring.
FOOTE: I think they indirectly benefit from it and would certainly support it, if there’s any way they could get away with it. But the fact remains that this is an illegal
14
mean, this is very, very comparable to the situation that we saw in Florida in the 1980s with rampant drug-smuggling. It was completely out of control, and the drug- smuggling rings were knocking each other off to avoid having any competition. In fact, two weeks ago, there was a running gun battle between two rival groups of people smugglers. They were firing shots at each other with SKS assault rifles from moving vehicles on the Interstate — Interstate 10 — between Tucson and Phoenix. Four were killed, six were wounded, but I never saw anything about it on
national news.
KAS: So, you say the stories of these invasions, these gun battles are really downplayed by the major national media?
FOOTE: Well, did you hear
anything about it?
KAS: No, I did not.
FOOTE: Yeah, this happened two weeks ago right here on Interstate 10 between Tucson and Phoenix. It resulted in a so-called crackdown called Operation Icestrom by the Bureau of Immigration and Custom Enforcement, or ICE, as they call themselves now, and they sent fifty additional federal agents into the Phoenix area to supposedly crackdown on these people-smugglers. But the net effect down here on the border has been absolutely zero. We’re still seeing hordes — mobs — of criminal aliens pour across this privately-owned property, and the best thing we can expect from our own government is that they will do everything possible to aid the pro-criminal alien groups — what we call the Open Border Mafia - groups like those headed up by Armando Navarro and Isabel Garcia
and Robin Hoover. These--1 can’t
use those words on radio ______
December 2003
these...individuals of the Open Border Mafia work collectively to frustrate the efforts of those of us that are trying to protect ourselves and protect our friends and neighbors.
KAS: What kind of people are in your group and what exactly do they do? You were inspired by these attacks, but what was your first step and where have you gone from there?
FOOTE: Who are we? Well, we’re all sorts of people, all different walks of life. If you look at our website, you can read our mission statement, which is property rights first, foremost, and always. We work together to protect and defend the property rights of all of our nation’s citizens, regardless of race, color, creed, or religion. We also accept volunteers on that same basis. Where we went the first time was to Roger Barnett’s property. Roger has a 22,000-acre ranch just east of Douglas. I’m just west of Douglas where I am right now, and on a good day Roger will only see 150 to 300 people coming across his property, violating his property rights. Only 150 to 300 on a good day. On a bad day he sees four to five hundred — every single day. That’s one ranch. Arizona is the number-one criminal crossing point in the nation. There are more apprehensions by the Border Patrol in the area just around Douglas and in Cochise County than in any other county on the border. In fiscal year 2000 the Border Patrol’s own figures show that they apprehended over 289,000 criminal aliens just in the area around Douglas. That’s not even the entire county, that’s just in the tiny little area right around this town. If you talk to the locals and if you listen to their experiences, they’ll tell you that for every one that the Border Patrol catches at least ten more get through successfully. So, if 289,000 got caught in fiscal year 2000 — yeah, okay, fiscal year 2000 had an extra day — but that’s still 790 per day. If one is
December 2003
getting caught for every ten that get through, that’s 7900 criminal aliens running around loose in the middle of the night on somebody else’s private property without permission, committing God knows what kind of crimes along the way, every single night.
KAS: Unbelievable.
FOOTE: Now, since 9-11 they’ve fudged the figures and claim that they’ve reduced it from 700 a day to 70 a day, but they’re lying. They don’t count the ones that they catch that elect to go for what’s called “voluntary return.” What they also won’t tell you is how many they catch that are not Mexican. If you’re caught and you’re from a nation other than Mexico, well, you don’t get returned to Mexico. What happens is that the Border Patrol will ask you where you want to go and if you’re not on any terrorist watch list or any wants or warrants are out for you — not that they actually check these people that well — they will give this criminal alien a bus ticket to wherever they want to go inside the United States and they’ll also give them a notice to appear in court at some later date, probably a year and a half in the future. .
KAS: An illegal alien from El Salvador can get a bus ticket to Chicago or Richmond?
FOOTE: Paid for by the American taxpayer.
KAS: Unbelievable!
FOOTE:	That	is	how
they’re handling the enormous flow of criminal traffic into this county. Now back in October of 2002 we successfully conducted Operation Hawk on private property in the neighboring county of Santa Cruz. We confiscated and turned over to the authorities 279 pounds of high-grade marijuana that we captured while we were operating on this private property. The following month — November 2002 — all of the Border Patrol highway checkpoints leading out of Cochise County were closed down. [If] you leave any
15
other border county, any other border city, and head north on the highway you will encounter a Border Patrol checkpoint. Not in Cochise County. Not in the number one illegal crossing point in the nation.
KAS: Why’d they do that?
FOOTE: Well, they will tell you one thing — the official so-called story — but we know that the real reason is because we were so successful in calling attention to these crossings on private property. Their thinking was, “If we just open up the highways, then all these criminals can just come north without coming across private property.”
KAS: So they’re trying to actually harm your efforts.
FOOTE: Well, they’re trying to make their own numbers look better than they actually are. You have to understand the way the thinking at the Border Patrol works. If they make more apprehensions this year than last year they say “Look! We’re doing a better job! We’re catching more criminals! We declare victory!” If they catch fewer — whether they actually catch fewer or they just say that they catch fewer — then they say “Look! We’re deterring them from crossing! We declare victory!” No matter what happens, no matter what the numbers are, the Border Patrol declares victory.
KAS:	Sounds	like	the
bureaucratic mind at work.
FOOTE: Well, you have to understand that the people in management of Border Patrol are motivated by their desire to retain their bonuses, their promotions, their vacations, and their retirement. They are not motivated by protecting the lives and property of these county citizens. Most of the Border Patrol management are not from here. They don’t live here. They don’t have a history or a family in the border counties. They come from someplace else. They don’t care what happens to our families down here. They only care what happens to their own measly
Free Speech
futures. And if they can get away with it, they will fudge the numbers.
KAS: Well, don’t their bosses — don’t the people who are in charge — give them an incentive to do their jobs right, to do them properly to protect the citizens?
FOOTE: Well, judging by the results that we have seen on this particular property, no. Keep in mind that the largest Border Patrol field station in the nation is here in Douglas, Arizona. I am looking at out my window right now. It is less than a quarter of a mile from this house. The lights from that station shine in my bedroom at night. That doesn’t stop them from coming across this property. We’re right next door to them. We have property that goes right up to their back fence.
KAS: That’s very bold. Now I understand that Ranch Rescue volunteers only go on private property where they’ve been invited by the owner, so does that mean you actually have a ranch or a landowner who is a host of your people?
FOOTE: Multiple landowners have invited us onto their property here in Cochise County. Right now, as we’re speaking, we have a team of volunteers on one of our neighbors’ property in pursuit of drug smugglers. The place where I’m standing is our landowner host’s property. He hosts our barracks facility bunkhouse; he allows us to feed our volunteers here and we field them out across the county from here. He’s not here with us tonight unfortunately because he was arrested on November 25th by a federal SWAT team.
KAS: What is the story behind that?
FOOTE: Well, they claim that there were federal charges against him, but all of those federal charges have since been dismissed; he is not being held by the feds anymore for any federal crimes. He’s being held in Pima County jail up in Tucson and no one will tell us why.
KAS: Held without charge? Isn’t that illegal?
FOOTE:	Last	time I
checked, yes, sir. But we don’t have the funds to hire him a decent attorney, so we’re having to accept the services of the public defender. Now why he’s being held, nobody knows. But he’s been arrested and he’s being held because he was the landowner who hosted our group of volunteers. There is no other reason. These idiots, these miscreants, these six-hundred-dollar business suits underneath game-show hosts’ hairdos are protecting the criminals against us citizens. This is the inmates running the asylum right here in Cochise County.
KAS: I was going to ask you, Jack, what the federal government’s attitude towards your efforts were, but obviously they’re extremely hostile. Are there any politicians — local, state, or federal — doing anything to stop illegal immigration or doing anything at least slightly supportive of your efforts?
FOOTE: There are no politicians who support our efforts to protect private property rights; none that we’re aware of. We’re not an immigration reform group. We are, purely speaking, a private-property rights group. I do understand that Congressman Tom Tancredo from Colorado is very much involved in the immigration reform effort, but those efforts will take years to bear fruit. If he changed the entire policy and approach to immigration law enforcement today there would be no effect on this private property this evening. We need help now. And we need direct aid from men who know how to march and men who know how to take orders in the field and that’s exactly the kind of volunteers that are coming down here. Not that everybody who comes here is a superman or a superwoman. We have folks come here to volunteer that do nothing more than drive vehicles around, operate radios, cook the food for our
16
volunteers. These folks are very valuable. These support volunteers are crucial to our effort. We also have folks here that volunteer to do nothing more than construction. We’re trying to expand the bunkhouse capabilities so that we can hold more volunteers at the same time. But we still need security volunteers to make all of those fimctions possible.
KAS: So these are people with regular jobs or retired folks?
FOOTE: Everybody who comes down here comes down here and volunteers on their own time and on their own dime. Now we’ve been very blessed in that we’ve had donations of food from a church in California. In fact, they’ve got more food waiting for us if we can somehow get out there and transport it back here. But we feed these volunteers two hot meals a day and we provide them with a warm bunk to sleep in for as long as they can devote the time. Some of these guys — God bless them — have come out here and said “I’ll spend two months and I’ll help you,” or “I’ll spend a month and I’ll help you,” but if someone comes out here and spends a day and helps out, that helps us keep this property secure and protected for our landowner host when he returns. He’ll come home eventually. I want him to come home to a house that’s still standing, not one that these criminal drug-smugglers and people-smugglers have burned to the ground because we had to leave it abandoned, because that’s what’ll happen.
KAS: Definitely. Is there any organized resistance to what you’re doing on the border?
FOOTE: There are what we call the Open Border Mafia, the procriminal alien groups that call us all sorts of names. But while they can make wild accusations, they apparently cannot make any valid arguments because none of them have had the courage to accept my challenge — which has been standing
December 2003
Free Speech
out there for three years — to publicly debate anyone, anywhere, anytime about what we do within Ranch Rescue, who we are, and what we stand for. The chief critic all these years has been Isabel Garcia — who, by the way, works in Pima County as a public defender, yet there is no record of her ever having appeared in court. She’s an attorney; she’s a college-educated communist. She will not debate me. She appeared at the front gate of this property while the Univision television crew was already here. The Univision crew — and Univision, by the way, is a Spanish- language TV station — was here at our invitation. And I let them go up to the front gate and I said to them “Tell Garcia that I will debate her at the front gate on camera now.” When they told her this, she said no and left. She ran away. None of them have the courage to meet me in a debate. I am not that good of a debater. I was a C student in college; I barely graduated. I was a terrible debate team member when I was in high school. I lost every debate that I had except one, and that was
because my opponent failed to show up. Isabel Garcia is a trained attorney, supposedly trained in debate, supposedly successful at it. Yet she ran away from a public debate with me, not because I’m a better debater, but because I have right on my side and she knows it.
We’ll continue our interview with Mr. Jack Foote of Ranch Rescue next week. We appreciate the fact that Ranch Rescue is not taking a position on racial matters, but is instead concentrating on its mission of doing what the government has failed to do in protecting American families from the Mexican invasion. And make no mistake about it — it is an invasion. It’s the Mission of the National Alliance to make the facts of this invasion and the racial and cultural change it represents known to White Americans and to translate that knowledge into political and social change. Enforcing the law is not enough — though we must demand that it be enforced — and I wish that Ranch Rescue was ten thousand times larger than it is now or that Mr. Foote ran the Border Patrol so it
was done properly. But enforcing the law is not enough because even if the immigration invasion — legal and illegal — were totally stopped immediately the Mexicans would soon take over much of the United States anyway due to their high birth rate. The only solution that will work is White living space. Until we have our White living space I’m glad that we have men like Jack Foote, who are working within the system — though that system fights them at every turn — to stop these criminals and highlight the treason which allows them free reign. On our next program we’ll find out what Ranch Rescue does when confronted by alien invaders who refuse to leave; how and why the Border Patrol covers up its refusal to stop the invasion; and how the Mexican invasion is now turning into a real shooting war.
Until next week this is Kevin Alfred Strom reminding you of the words of Richard Berkeley Cotten: Freedom is not free, free men are not equal, and equal men are not free.
What a great gift for the Yule Season !
HUNTER Catalog Item: 140	$	12.95
Andrew Macdonald 259 pages-------------— Soft Cover
By the author of THE TURNER DIARIES, this second novel packs at least as strong a message: When an honorable man confronts evil, he must neither submit to it nor ignore it, but he must take up arms against it.
That is what Vietnam veteran Oscar Yeager does in response to treason, race-mixing, homosexuality, and other depravity in Washington, DC. With spectacular results, he declares war on the enemies of his people. After that, no politician, media liar, or other degenerate is safe from his bombs, silenced pistols, garrotes, and other weapons.
Oscar Yeager becomes a one-man death squad — until he is caught by a frighteningly ambitious FBI official and given a proposition he cannot refuse.
Then he develops a new strategy._
This new edition has been reprinted in a larger, 6 inch x 9 inch trade format.
HUNTER is available for $ 12.95,1 $ 3.00 for postage and handling for orders to U.S. destinations, + $5.00 for postage and handling for orders outside of the U.S., from National Vanguard Books, P.O. Box 130, Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA.
December 2003
17
Free Speech
War on the Border: An Interview with Jack Foote, part 2
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of December 27, 2003
Today we continue our interview with Mr. Jack Foote of Ranch Rescue, and his report of the ongoing invasion of the United States by criminal aliens crossing our southern border — and the government’s refusal to help Americans who are victims of this invasion.
Ranch Rescue is a group of volunteers who help private landowners resist the invasion, send the invaders back where they came from, and make citizen’s arrests when the invaders refuse to return, are armed, or are uniformed foreign troops on American soil.
Whatever you thought about the invasion of I America before, after listening to Jack Foote, you’ll have a new and enhanced awareness of the scale and severity of this war on everything that America real-| ly is supposed to be.
KAS: Mr. Foote, you describe your opponents as the *Open Border Mafia9 — what does that term mean?
FOOTE: The Open Border Mafia is not a single group — it is a collection of these quasi-socialists and pro-criminal-alien advocates who run around calling us names and then disappear into the
KAS: What is their problem with you? How could anyone oppose protection of private property from criminals?
FOOTE: Look at Karl Marx’s Communist Manifesto.
statistics. They absolutely refuse to reveal to the American public what the percentage is. Since 9-11 they have declared that information to fall under ‘national security.’
A	grandmother here in
^ss****	Cochise County
[Arizona] took photographs which she sent to me two days ago — I still have them on my computer — of a group of 40 that she found as they were being apprehended by the Border Patrol. She stopped her car; she got out; she took pictures of the 40. All of them were non-Mexican. Not one of them was a Mexican.
KAS: How could she tell?
FOOTE: She asked the Border Patrol Many	families participated in the fun activities at	the	agent on site if any of
September 2004 “Folk the System” festival sponsored by	the	^em were Mexican.
National Alliance’s Sacramento, California Unit, lead by KAS: Okay. Drahomir Stojkovik. National Alliance envisions expanding FOOTE- She was these great networking and entertainment events across the told no, none of them country.
dark, like snipers, without ever actually standing up and accepting the challenge to publicly debate
fhemsdveV3015 <	'°g‘C	*****	-	and	will	not	pub"
Tell me what plank number one is.
KAS: Abolition of private property.
FOOTE: Abolition of all private property. I think that their true intentions and their true agenda are very clear.
KAS: What percentage of the illegal immigrants are not Mexicans?
FOOTE: Well, that’s an interesting question. Since the Border Patrol no longer publishes
- those
were. 40 in one group were not Mexican.
KAS: What were they?
FOOTE: Well, that’s a real good question, since the Border Patrol refused to say definitively what they were.
KAS: It seems to me that with 90 per cent, of the border-crossers making it without being apprehended, that’s an excellent way for terrorists and all sorts of ne’er-do-wells to enter the United States.
FOOTE: Yes, keep in mi„d that 289,000 were caught in fiscal year 2000, which equates to about
18
December 2003
Free Speech
2.8 million getting through successfully — because for every one that’s caught, ten more get through. That’s not a number I made up. That’s from the locals who’ve lived through this nightmare during the last five years.
KAS: What other nationalities have been apprehended?
FOOTE:	Yemenis,
Iranians, Iraqis, Russians, Poles, Koreans, El Salvadorans, Ghanaians, I mean — you name it — just about every nationality in the world has been caught here at one time or another. This is the number one crossing point in the United States. Since there are no Border Patrol highway checkpoints out of Douglas [Arizona] anymore, this is the easiest way to get north once you get past the line. If you can get over the border, then all you’ve got to do is find a ride north, because you won’t be stopped on the highway. Of course, the unintended side effect of this policy has been a skyrocketing rate of carjackings and car thefts. You steal a car, and the minute you get out of town you’ve got a free shot north. Nobody’s going to stop you, because there are no Border Patrol checkpoints anymore.
KAS: When your patrols encounter someone trespassing on private property — crossing the border, crossing this person’s property — what do you do?
FOOTE: Well, every mission is slightly different. For this mission, here’s what we do. If they are simply trespassing on the property and they are in civilian clothes and they are not armed, we will immediately order them to leave the property in the direction that our landowner host has specified.
KAS:	Are	your	men
armed?
FOOTE: Absolutely, but that is at their choice. We do not require them to be armed; we offer them the choice of being armed.
KAS: So your men tell them to leave?
FOOTE: If they refuse to leave — or if they refuse to leave in the direction that they’re told by our landowner hosts or by us acting as a limited agent of the landowner — then simple trespass becomes criminal trespass. That’s a misdemeanor. We will place them under citizen’s arrest for refusing to leave in the direction we tell them to, or for refusing to leave at all. We’ll also add any charges that we can find in terms of damaging the property, theft, assault, you name it. We’re out there looking for criminal activity as the invited guests of the host. If we encounter criminals who are armed, we’re not going to let them wander off the property still carrying weapons. We will disarm them. And we will place them under citizen’s arrest for more than just simple trespass. If they’re in uniform and they’re armed, then they’re not civilian trespassers; they’re foreign military, and they are terrorists. Under the laws of the state, we cannot use deadly force unless deadly force is first used against us or threatened to be used against us. Now, in the case of civilian criminals, that means they have to point a weapon at us or take a shot at us before we can return fire. Everybody who’s taken a concealed handgun class understands this simple principle — that you cannot just simply and arbitrarily and overtly first use deadly force. It has to be in response to the threat or the use of deadly force by someone else. However, if they are armed and in uniform and acting in a coordinated and directed manner, then they constitute a foreign military unit. The essence of the deadliness of foreign military is what we call Command, Control, and Communications. C3 capability is the definition of the deadliness of all modem military units. If they are armed and in uniform and acting in a coordinated and directed manner, then their very presence is a direct, immediate, credible, and deadly threat.
KAS: What do you do in response to that threat?
FOOTE: We fire them up. No warning. No requests. If they’re armed and in uniform and obviously a foreign military unit, then we will open fire.
KAS: How often has that happened?
FOOTE: Damn near happened earlier this week. We encountered Mexican military on the property. Now our recon element was only two men, so there weren’t enough of them to open fire safely and get out alive. They were outnumbered seven to one. But what we’ve decided to do in that case in the future is not to hesitate. This is the last time they’re coming onto this property. They were in OD green uniforms and they were smuggling drugs on this property. The next time that a unit like that is encountered, we will open fire — even if we’re outnumbered. We’ve had encounters like this four times on this property since June.
KAS:	Have casualties
resulted?
FOOTE: No. Four times we’ve spotted them. We haven’t opened fire on them. We will open fire next time. We’re done playing around at this point.
KAS: How often have shots been fired between illegals and the Border Patrol?
FOOTE: That’s a weekly occurrence here. That happens just about every week. There were two such shooting incidents last week, three the week before, and the list goes on.
KAS: Here on American Dissident Voices, we’ve covered the farm invasions, rapes, and murders that are happening in South Africa. Is anything comparable happening to Americans? Have any Americans been raped, attacked, or killed on the border this year?
FOOTE: I invite your listeners to visit our web site, www.ranchrescue.como, go to the ‘Stories’ page, and read ‘Silent War’ and ‘Silent War 2.’ Those
December 2003
19
Free Speech
were written by Kerry Morales. She is herself an immigrant into the United States. She woke up in her bed with a criminal alien’s hands around her throat. She lives in Duvall County, Texas, and her husband is a uniformed law enforcement officer — and he cannot protect her. She has been the victim of home invasions twice in less than a year. The last time was the time she woke up with this rapist’s hands around her throat. She defended herself by pulling her 40-caliber handgun from underneath her pillow. She has to sleep with that to stay safe. You can also find on the ‘Media Coverage’ page the story of the elderly Parker Canyon Lake couple here in Cochise County who offered food and water to a group of three criminal aliens, who, after they finished their meal, attacked the elderly couple, beat the man senseless, stuffed him into a covered pickup truck bed, and forced the wife to drive the truck to pick up more criminal aliens. You can also read the story of the man who came home, in 2001 here in Cochise County, walked into his living room, and found a group of 20 criminal aliens waiting for him. One of them came at him with a hunting knife. He defended himself with his handgun. All the criminal aliens scattered out the back door and windows. He was uninjured, and they did catch most of them. They caught the guy who was his attacker — he was pretty easy to identify, since he was the only one of the group who had a 38-caliber hole in him. But did this attacker get charged with anything? Did the brave County Attorney here in Cochise County charge this criminal alien from Mexico with assault with a deadly weapon, or attempted murder, or breaking and entering, or home invasion? No. After 48 hours this criminal alien was patched up in the hospital at local taxpayer expense and he was sent back to Mexico. No charges were filed.
KAS: Sickening!
FOOTE: The rights of private landowners, the rights of
Free Speech
American citizens, take second place to the special consideration that is given to criminal aliens from Mexico. If you are a Mexican national caught in this nation illegally, even in the commission of a crime, you face nothing more serious than simple deportation. That is not establishing a deterrent to crime. Because if you’re a criminal alien from Mexico and you get caught walking down the public road — you get deported. You get caught in somebody else’s living room — you get deported. If you commit any crime short of murder — you will just get deported. And if you commit a murder, all you need do is run back across the border into Mexico. Mexico will not extradite you.
KAS: It’s a license to rape, rob, and even kill.
FOOTE: We are facing, eventually, the same sort of crime wave that was happening in Rhodesia in the 1970s and is happening in South Africa right now. These criminals pour across the border and rape, kill, pillage, and bum with impunity. The border County Attorneys have granted blanket immunity from prosecution based solely on nationality and immigration status. You can commit any crime in the world short of murder and get away with it in Cochise County and in most of the other border counties.
KAS: Why do they do that?
FOOTE: That is a very good question for investigative journalists to begin asking these border County Attorneys.
KAS: Is it that the media would crucify them if they did something about it?
FOOTE: All they have to do is enforce the law. All they’d have to do is say ‘zero tolerance,’ no special consideration. It’s not a question of them not having the tools available. It’s a question of them having the will to apply them. If an American citizen commits these same crimes he will absolutely be prosecuted. But if a Mexican
20
national who’s in this country illegally commits these crimes, he’ll be allowed to walk. Why is that? That’s a question I want to have answered.
KAS: I do too. We know the national media are hushing most of this up, but are there any members of the local media on your side?
FOOTE: Absolutely. There was a reporter from the Douglas Daily Dispatch by the name of Xavier Zaragoza. He was invited out here weeks ago, at our invitation. He was here the day that our landowner host was arrested. In fact, he followed Casey into town when he left here. Casey got arrested at the local gas station. When he followed our host into town and saw this federal SWAT team swoop down on our landowner host, he got out of his car to take pictures, and the federal agents pointed submachine guns at him and told him to put the camera down. They were accompanied by local police officers from the Douglas Police Department, who told these agents that he was a member of the local media. He’s a validated, certified member of the press — and they pointed machine guns at him because they didn’t want pictures taken of their crime. These are agents of the federal government who are committing crimes against our citizens in order to protect the criminals who are victimizing our landowners.
KAS: Did Mr. Zaragoza publicize this in his newspaper?
FOOTE: He has been terrorized. And his newspaper is not allowing him to speak out about this.
KAS: So you’ve got one guy in the local media on your side but he’s not allowed to speak. Anybody else?
FOOTE: We’ve had a lot of very good journalists and correspondents with us in the past. Probably one of the bravest ones was Rob Krott, who actually came out in the field with us during
December 2003
Operation Hawk in Santa Cruz County in October of 2002. He published a wonderful two-part article which appeared in two issues of Soldier of Fortune magazine — very good coverage. We’ve had very fair coverage from the NBC affiliate in Tucson, KDOA, Channel 4. They came out and did the video of us turning the dope over to the local authorities last year in October. And they came right out and said. Took, these are volunteers, they’re here on their own dime and their own time — why is it we’re being called amateurs by the sheriff in Santa Cruz County when he couldn’t do what we did?’
fC A S :
Good question. Well, I’m glad you’ve gotten some fair coverage.
FOOTE: Very little.
KAS: It sounds pretty sparse, though.
FOOTE: We look at it this way: Every time we get some negative coverage, it spreads the word about what is going on down here, who we are, what we’re doing, and how we’re going about doing it.
KAS: Are you growing?
FOOTE: Absolutely. We’ve had the most tremendous amount of growth in the last year — more in the last year than we had in the two years before it.
KAS: Even so, though, aren’t your efforts dwarfed by the scale of this problem? I mean, the border between the United States and Mexico is 2,000 miles long.
FOOTE: Well, we’re looking at this as one step at a time. It is better to do something that is not enough than to do nothing. Because not enough is still more than nothing.
KAS: How many volunteers do you think it would take to secure the entire border? If you had, say, a patrol of twenty men every mile — that’s 40,000 men.
FOOTE: Absolutely; if they had the right equipment and communications and support.
KAS: Well, look at it this way: If we’ve got 150 billion dollars to spend to make sure that the borders are secure in some Middle Eastern country.
FOOTE: Why can’t we spend half that or a quarter of that to secure our own border?
KAS: Right. If a 40,000-man force were required, with that kind of a budget we could spend 3.75 million dollars per man on that force!
FOOTE: Right. What we need to have to secure the border is a military force. That is the only thing that is going to properly secure it. Yet our own attorney general has come out and said publicly that there are ‘historical and cultural reasons’ why we cannot put our own military on our own border. But apparently those ‘historical and cultural reasons’ do not affect the Mexican military — because we have solid, clear videotape of armed, uniformed Mexican Army patrols up and down the border here in Cochise County every single day. The difference is that these Mexican Army patrols, which operate in broad daylight carrying German-made machine guns in American-made Humvees, are not there to protect the lives and property of American citizens. They are there to secure the borders for the business interests of the drug smugglers.
KAS: It seems to me that if we have the money to protect the borders of countries in the Middle East, we can protect our own borders — whether it be with the Border Patrol, a militarized border, or subsidized volunteer forces of some kind.
FOOTE: You either militarize the border or accept the fact that we have an open invitation to terrorists to cross here.
KAS: What kind of help does Ranch Rescue need?
FOOTE: We need men with law enforcement and military backgrounds — particularly light infantry, because that’s the way we
operate. We need folks who are willing to come here on their own time and their own dime, with their own gear and equipment, and help us secure this property and the property of our neighbors — which we are gaining the trust and cooperation of every day. We are now in a position in which we will very soon be working with a group of landowners who collectively own over 1800 acres in one of the most heavily-travelled drug smuggling corridors in the county. We have a group of volunteers on their property right now, tonight, as we speak. While we’re talking, I’m monitoring the radio and I’m listening for traffic from them to let me know what is happening on that property. We need more men just like that. We also need men and women who can operate a radio, operate a video camera, drive a vehicle to shuttle our volunteers back and forth, cook the food, talk to the media, write articles. We need all sorts of support and construction volunteers. We’re trying to construct physical facilities on this property to house additional volunteers and to store equipment. Donations continue to pour in — we always like money, but we also like things like food, night vision devices, video cameras, anything that you can think of that would help our overall effort. We had a very generous gift given to us just a month ago by a man who was cleaning out his storage unit in Texas. He donated an entire ammunition reloading setup to us, the likes of which I’d never seen before. There must have been $10,000 worth of reloading equipment in that gift. It was very generous. We’ve had folks offer to donate us horses, or donate their time as horse patrol. That’s very effective out here. We had Mad Mike Williams from Soldier of Fortune magazine out here. Mike Williams is 78 years old, and can’t ride a horse and can’t hump a rucksack out in field, but he brought decades of experience as a warrior. Mike fought in the Congo in the 60s. He fought in Rhodesia in the
December 2003
21
Free Speech
70s. He formed — and led as tactical commander — a unit called Grey’s Scouts. His experience in running horse-mounted infantry units has been invaluable to us, laying the groundwork for establishing our own horse-mounted patrols out here.
KAS: Jack, you sound very passionate about this. Is this the main focus of your life now?
FOOTE: It’s begun to be — much to my wife’s chagrin. Since I now devote so much time to this, she calls Ranch Rescue my mistress. But I think that everyone needs to understand that this is a fight that we are in — that this is not just a silent war that we are in; this has become a shooting war down here on the border. Shots are fired on this border at least once a week — if not every night.
KAS: And that’s within your limited area right there, correct?
FOOTE: All up and down this border, if someone comes up and says ‘this happened last night,’ I have stopped being surprised at it.
KAS: How can interested parties reach you, Jack?
FOOTE: Go to our Web site at www.ranchrescue.com or send me an email at volunteer@ranchrescue.com.
There are links to the articles that have been written about us and that have been written about the incidents here on the border. There’s even a story there about how a guy successfully smuggled an elephant — I’m not making this up. You look far enough down on that list of media stories — this guy actually smuggled an elephant across the border, through the customs checkpoints.
KAS: If you can smuggle 8,000 people a day, I guess you can smuggle an elephant.
FOOTE: I just couldn’t resist putting that up there; it just had to go.
KAS: Can people write to you via postal mail?
FOOTE: Yes. The address is on our Web site, but just in case you want to hand it our here, it’s: Ranch Rescue Post Office Box 2684
Douglas AZ 8S608
Or you can phone us right here at Camp Thunderbird. The number here is 520-364-3966. If you get the voice mail, it’s because we’re on the phone.
KAS: Is there anything else you’d like to add before we close the program?
FOOTE: The thing that everyone needs to understand about Ranch Rescue is that we are not the first choice of these landowners. They would rather be able to pick up the phone and call someone from the government that they pay their hard-earned money for in taxes to come out and protect their properties — to secure their homes and families — to enforce the laws. They call Ranch Rescue as a last resort because no one else is coming out and providing a credible deterrent. We stand shoulder to shoulder with these landowners who have invited us. And shoulder to shoulder we collectively point to our government and say to all of them: Either you keep these criminals off of this property, or by God, gentlemen, we will.
KAS: Thank you, Mr. Jack Foote. Thank you for your patriotic and humanitarian efforts and thank
you again for being a guest on American Dissident Voices.
FOOTE: Thank you for the opportunity to speak to your listening audience, sir.
Ranch Rescue provides protection to landowners along our border. The National Alliance provides protection to our genetic heritage, without which there would be nothing else worth protecting.
We give special thanks today to National Vanguard contributing editor Ben Parker for arranging this interview, [http ://tinyurl. com/zmkg]
Let me take a moment this Yuletide season to thank all of you who have made the National Alliance and National Vanguard a success in 2003. Thanks to all of you who have faithfully stood by us when the controlled media and the rumor-mongers started their lie machines. Thanks to all of you who have contributed money, purchased books and CDs, and subscribed to our magazines. Thanks especially to every single one of our authors and editors who have made our publications what they are today. Thanks to all of you great-hearted men and women who care about the future of our uniquely beautiful and creative race. Together we will reach even higher in 2004, as we make the first steps on a bold journey which we believe will reach the stars. Good Yule to each and every one of you!
Until next week, this is Kevin Alfred Strom reminding you of the words of Richard Berkeley Cotten: “Freedom is not free; free men are not equal, and equal men are not free.”
0		0
	Featuring Gifts for the Yule Season which Cannot be Found Anywhere Else: Resistance Records National Vanguard Books www.resistance.com %|jr www.natall.com	i 1 I I
0		0
Free Speech
22
December 2003
The multi-billion dollar hip-hop and rap industry forces race-mixing, drugs, perversion, guilt, and self-loathing into the mind of every White child. Resistance music is the only voice out there telling young White people that ours is a culture and a race worth preserving and fighting for.
For the time being, our racial enemies control the mass media and so our people must be awakened and won over, one at a time if need be. Now that you have received the message, you have the responsibility to your kinsmen to help them out of the maze of degradation and filth that has been constructed around them.
We are asking you to do your part. Many of you subscribe to Resistance Magazine, but many do not. For only $20 a year, you get four issues of the best music magazine in the world. Subscribe and share your magazines with relatives and coworkers. Give it to some poor, little wigger in your neighborhood; you may be saving his life.
Any issue from #9 up is available for $2.50 apiece if you buy 10 or more copies (mixed issues allowed). Join with a friend or two and commit to buying ten or more issues a month. Can you imagine the impact of a steady stream of Resistance Magazines circulating among the kids in your neighborhood? If you’re tired of the wiggers you see yourself surrounded by every day at school and work, Resistance Magazine is a valuable resource. Use it! If you have not subscribed, please do. If you already subscribe, please extend your subscription for two years or buy one for a friend. Buy in bulk and distribute them to local kids or get your local music stores to carry it. Resistance is operated by members of The National Alliance (www.natall.com), which the ADL recently called “the most active and dangerous neo-Nazi organization,” so all your money is going to help spread our message to people of European Descent everywhere. Together we can help make the difference necessary for the survival of our race. Thank you for your support.
RESISTANCE RECORDS P.O. BOX 67 - HILLSBORO, WV - 24946-USA www.resistance.com
The music and publications Resistance Records sells are illegal in many parts of the world. Many people would like to see them made illegal in the United States as well. Those who purchase Resistance Records products are not merely consumers of a product, and Resistance is not merely distributors of a product. Resistance Records, its bands and its supporters are fighting a war to awaken the survival instincts in a dying people.
December 2003
23
Free Speech
American Dissident Voices
Shaded Area Indicates WWRB Coverage Area in the Contiguous 48 U.S. States
Broadcasting Worldwide to the European
Diaspora
Listen...
...every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at tne times and frequencies shown.
In addition to the shortwave broadcasts, the text and audio file&iof the broadcast are available at all times through the Internet at
IEC
1
X O i
www.natvan .com and
www.natall.com
Worldwide on Shortwave: r
Saturday 6:00pm Eastern Time (Saturday 23:00 UTC)
5.085 and 6.890 MHz via WWRB
Saturday 11:00pm Eastern Time (Sunday 4:00 UTC)
5.085 MHz via WWRB
I- n >i L4
Send $2 today and receive a sample copy, of our iotic monthly Free Speech, along with our e book catalog for patriots, containing over books, tapes, and videos.
National Alliance Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA
National Vanguard Magazine
NationalCP Vanguard
liliiJpWM*’]
The newest issue of National Vanguard magazine, number 124, features
* Determination, an editorial. Relentlessly pursuing our goals will keep us strong as Jewish power inevitably passes its zenith.
Selling White Genocide, Hugh Lincoln looks at the too-slick-by-half betrayal of Whites by Luke Visconti and
his new variation on the Jesse Jackson corporate shakedown, Diversitylnc.
*	Geologic Wonders, Ben Parker’s fiction takes us to the Southwest desert, where something wonderful and unexpected is about to happen to two White hikers.
*	Forum Letters from readers on “stealth activism,” the trials and triumphs of the National Alliance, the self-limiting nature of intelligence, and much more.
*	News from the Homelands, Mark.Cotterill brings us an in-depth look at the gains and losses for racial nationalist and anti-immigration parties in the recent European elections.
*	Situation Terminal, But Not Serious, Bob Whitaker on “The CIA: Junior Keystone Cops”; and “Whatever Happened to the Communist Conspiracy?”
*	Postscripts, by Revilo P.
Oliver “A Faith for the Future?”; and “Only Yesterday:	Revilo	Oliver
Looks at the Roots of White Decline.”.
^Holocaust Commemoration, Part I, Brilliant analysis by Irmin Vinson of the secular religion, driven by Jewish ethnocen-trism, that is growing up around the “Holocaust.”
*	...and more! All that and more is yours in the best issue yet of our flagship publication.
A single copy of National Vanguard magazine may be obtained for $5 postpaid in the US and Canada, $8 elsewhere. Please specify issue number 124 when you write. A six-issue subscription is only $18 in the US, $z6 in Canada, and $36 worldwide. Write to National Vanguard Books, Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA. Or you may order online atnatvan.com or nationalvanguard.org.