FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the first Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
The Case of Hendrik Mobus
In our program last week we talked about the Jewish campaign to oudaw Politically Incorrect speech: so called “hate speech.” Of course, as I mentioned last week, the Jews aren’t the only ones trying to abolish the Bill of Rights. The Jews are the principal schemers and the prime movers, but the radical feminists are among their most zealous allies; so is the homosexual lobby. Every group in this screwed-up society of ours that has had special privileges bestowed on it by the government — every member of the Clinton coalition — wants to silence anyone who might be inclined to question his group’s privileges. And then there are the bleeding-heart liberals, who really believe that the freedom not to be offended by what anyone else says or writes is more important than freedom of speech.
But the Jews are the ones planning the campaign, and the mass media are their principal weapons against our freedom. Two weeks ago a
30-year-old White man, Eric Toews, died in Tacoma, Washington, after
Hendrik Mobus
being savagely beaten, kicked, and stomped on a Tacoma street by a gang of between 15 and 20 Blacks in what even the local newspapers described as a “thrill killing.” Now, the reason Eric Toews was beaten to death by a gang of Blacks is that the local news media had carefully avoided reporting a dozen other vicious, unprovoked beatings of White men walking alone on Tacoma streets during the previous month. And the reason that the news media had avoided saying anything about the earlier beatings is that the victims were White men, and the gang was Black.
You see, the news media in Tacoma weren’t waiting for “hate speech” to become illegal. They already had imposed a rule against “hate speech” on themselves, and what could be more “hateful” than reporting the attacks on White men by a gang of Black teenagers? The Tacoma news media were concerned that if they reported the attacks, local Whites might take measures to pro-
2	FREE	SPEECH	for	October	2000
tect themselves against non-Whites.
At the very least, news of the attacks would have caused some Whites to have bad feelings about teenaged Black gangs: the news would have “incited racial hatred," as the liberals like to say. In other words, reporting the attacks and identifying the attackers as Blacks and the victims as Whites would fall within the generally understood definition or “hate speech." So the news media in Tacoma kept quiet about the attacks until Eric Toews was beaten to death. Even then the Seattle Postrlntelligencer told its readers that the police had “no reason to believe the attacks were racially motivated.” Really: no reason.
So, you see, the police also have learned not to say anything which might be considered “hate speech” even before the First Amendment has been abolished.
The family and friends of Eric Toews really aren’t as understanding of the attitude of the police and the media as they should be. In fact, they are angry: One friend, Jesse Kimmer-ling, said blundy: “This wouldn’t have happened if he had known about the earlier assaults." One of Eric's employers, Dan Zimmer, said: “Maybe this could have been avoided, and Erik would still be talking to us if he knew it was not safe to walk alone in that area, if the police had made the population aware this was going on." Well, I don't know, but the implication of those statements doesn’t sound good to me. I think Mr. Kimmerling and Mr. Zimmer ought to be thankful that we don't have a “hate speech” law yet; if we did, they might be in trouble.
One predictable consequence of police and media restraint in dealing with the Black-on-White gang attacks in Tacoma is that they have spread to other communities in the Pacific Northwest. Last week, on August 31, between 7:00 PM and midnight, a gang of Black teenagers roamed through downtown Seattle, selecting White men at random and beating them and robbing them in at least six separate assaults. The very brief report on these assaults in the Seattle Postrlntelligencer on September 2 mentioned die Tacoma murder of Eric Toews and auoted a police spokesman who saia that die Seattle assaults seem to be “copycat” attacks. Seattle's other major newspaper, the Seattle
Times, neglected to mention the race of either the victims or the attackers in its news coverage. That was the general pattern for the other news media, which described the gang of attackers only as “young men wearing red shirts with shaved heads.” There was no mention of race, and many citizens undoubtedly were left with the impression from this description that the attackers were White skinheads.
I’ll tell you about another way in which the news media are participating in this Jewish campaign against so-called “hate speech,” and that is by attempting to convince the more impressionable members of the public that “hate speech” already is illegal.
I’ll give you a hypothetical example: A member of the Ku Klux Klan gets in a fight with a Black Muslim over a parking space, and one of the two is killed. When the news appears in a mainstream newspaper, here are the two possibilities for the way it will be headed. If it is the White man who is killed by the Black, the headline will read: “Man charged in parking space slaying.” If it is the Black who is killed by the White man, the report will be headed: “White racist charged in unprovoked murder of Black man.” And it’s not just the newspapers, I mentioned in an earlier broadcast that when John King, one of the three White ex-convicts who killed a Black ex-convict by dragging him behind a truck in Jasper, Texas, was sentenced for the killing last year, NBC anchorman Tom Brokaw announced the sentence on the NBC Evening News with these words: “In Jasper, Texas, today the racist got the death penalty.” The subliminal message there is that John King was sentenced to death for his racism, rather than for any specific criminal act.
I’ve seen even more blatant cases of this sort of media trickery. A man is distributing leaflets that have a racial message by tossing them from his car window onto lawns or driveways as he drives through a residential area. He is observed by a policeman, who arrests him and charges him with littering. The headline of the newspaper report will read: “Man arrested and charged in distribution of racist leaflets.” It’s clear what die message is that the average lemming will absorb from that. It's not that littering is illegal; it* s that dis-
tributing racist leaflets is illegal. Now newspaper people are crooked, bu| most of them aren’t stupid. When they do something like that it’s delib-erate. They intended to deceive. And it’s a very common sort of deception. Keep your eyes open when you read your newspaper, and you’ll spot similar cases yourself.
Now I’ll tell you about a very recent personal experience I have had in this regard. It’s especially interesting, because it illustrates not only the aspect we’ve just talked about of the media role in the anti-First Amendment campaign, but it also shows us the government’s role in this subversive effort. As many of you know, these American Dissident Voices radio broadcasts are not the only medium I use for reaching the public with my message. I also use music. In fact, last year I bought two record companies, one in the United States and one in Sweden. Both of them publish and distribute resistance music, which reaches mosdy young people. Three months ago I had a visit from a young German musician who has made a name for himself with resistance music in Europe. He is Hendrik Mobus, and he is 24 years old. I invited him to stay as my guest and help me establish new oudets in Europe for my records. And that’s what he did for 10 weeks. He stayed as my guest, and we talked about the role of music in our overall effort Hendrik is an extremely intelligent young man, quite serious, and entirely committed to our struggle. When he was a teenager in East Germany, however, he got himself into trouble. At the age of 16 he was involved in a killing. Well, he was tried and convicted as a juvenile, and he served his prison term, using his five years in prison to get his thinking straightened out. Eventually he was released, and after that he devoted himself to his music. But he wasn’t as discreet as he might have been: he began telling the mainstream German media what he thought about things. Now, in Germany since 1945 it has been illegal to tell anyone what you think about things, unless your ideas are Politically Correct. That’s what happens to you when you lose a war: you lose your freedom. So the German government told Hendrik he would have to go back to prison.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40A
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
3
Hendrik decided he’d rather not do that; he’d rather continue producing and promoting resistance music. So he left Germany and came to the United States — legally, with a passport and a visa. The German government then asked the Clinton government to arrest Hendrik and send him back to Germany, so that he could be put in prison for saying what he thought
Two weeks ago today, when Hendrik left my place to buy some groceries, a dozen of Mr. Clinton’s secret policemen jumped on him, jammed a pistol in his ear, slammed his face down on the back of a car so hard that teeth marks were left in the paint, twisted his arm behind his back with such force that they broke the arm, and hustled him away. Hendrik is a quiet, skinny, non-violent intellectual. He was unarmed and put up absolutely no resistance when he was arrested. And yet they broke his arm.
And the Federal cops who arrested him knew what he was being arrested for. They had copies of the extradition request. They knew that his alleged offense was simply speaking to the press in Germany. And yet they broke his arm when they arrested him. And then, before Hendrik could contact me or an attorney, they shoved a paper in his face and told him to sign it. It would make things a lot easier for him they said. Hendrik, in a great deal of pain from his broken arm and not really understanding the situation, signed an agreement not to contest deportation to Germany for overstaying his visa. That was a mistake, but I believe that it can be undone, so that the government cannot short circuit the extradition process with a deportation.
I’ll tell you why the Clinton government would rather deport Hendrik than try to extradite him, and why I prefer to fight an extradition instead of a deportation. The reason why the government prefers deportation and we prefer extradition is that the things Hendrik did in Germany which resulted in the extradition request are not illegal in the United States. In the United States they are constitutionally protected activities. Most Americans don’t understand
Hendrik Mobus in the Buffalo Federal Detention Center
that the Germans have no free speech. They don’t understand that in 1945 we didn’t liberate the Germans; we took away their freedom and imposed an occupation government on them, from which the present German government is descended. The present German government would like to keep it that way, with most Americans remaining in the dark on this issue. And most Americans also don’t understand that their government in Washington collaborates with the German government in punishing Germans who say what they think. The Clinton government would like to keep it that way, with most Americans remaining in the dark about their government’s true attitude toward free speech.
I want to use Hendrik’s case to expose the utter hypocrisy of the U.S. government where free speech is concerned. Fortunately for this purpose, Hendrik’s case is a matter of enormous public interest in Germany now. The German public is fascinated by the fact that a 24-year-old German has been arrested and brutal-
ized by the secret police here for making a Politically Incorrect statement in Germany. I already have given three major interviews to Germany’s largest television networks in the past eight days, and if the German interest in Hendrik continues, the controlled media in this country will have a hard time ignoring the principal issue involved: namely, that the present U.S. government, while pretending to be in favor of free speech actually sympathizes with repressive laws of the sort the Jews have succeeded in imposing on the Germans, so that they can continue using Germany as a cash cow for Israel, and the Germans can’t complain about it.
Imagine this: A Jew in Saudi Arabia is arrested carrying a sign that says, “Mohammed was a bed-wetter.” The Jew escapes from the Saudi police and comes to the United States. The Saudi government requests that our government arrest him and return him to Saudi Arabia to be tried for sacrilege. Can you imagine the sort of cooperation the Saudi government would receive from the Clinton government? Can you imagine Madeleine Albright sending out the U.S. Marshals to round up the Jew, breaking his arm in the process, and handing him over to the Saudis so they can whack off his head in a public square in Riyadh? Can you even imagine that7 But when the German government requests the extradition of a young German musician who composes the sort of music and says the sort of things the Jews and the liberals don’t like, the Clinton government falls all over itself in its eagerness to help the German government punish the young man who merely did what any American is free to do. The Clinton government and the Jewish media bosses will tell you that they believe in free speech, but I tell you that it is what they do rather than what they say which reveals to us what they really believe. The officials of the Clinton government take an oath to defend the Constitution of the United States from all enemies, foreign and domestic, but in fact they themselves are the greatest and most dangerous enemies of the Constitution.
© 2000 ! National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
4
Hate graffiti by “anti-Fascists” directed against Hendrik Mobus in Germany
And the Jewish media have employed the same sort of deliberate deception in their reporting of Hendrik’s arrest that they have employed in practically every other case where ideological issues are involved. So far not one media report in the United States has focused on the fact that the German extradition request cited only so-called “offenses” in Germany which are not offenses in the United States. Not one U.S. newspaper had a headline anything like, “German musician arrested in United States for making Politically Incorrect music and press statements in Germany.” The headline in the Washington Post on August 29 was: “Fugitive Neo-Nazi from Germany Is Captured in West Virginia.” And the lead paragraph in die Washington Post story is: “After secredy trailing a German neo-Nazi fugitive on his journey ... to West Virginia, the U.S. Marshals Service arrested the convicted murderer near the 200-acre property of White separatist William Pierce, author of The Turner Diaries, authorities announced yesterday.”
Now, you can read the fine print for more information on the arrest, but the message that will stick in the mind of the average newspaper reader is what is in the headline and the lead paragraph: Hendrik was arrested for being a neo-Nazi, and he also is a fugitive murderer. The pattern was the same for the other U.S. media.
The Associated Press story, also on August 29, was headed, “German neo-Nazi fugitive arrested in West Virginia.” The story in West Virginia’s terminally liberal Charleston Gazette the next day — that’s August 30 — was headed, “Police catch up with neo-Nazi in Lewisburg.”
Again I stress that not one report of Hendrik’s arrest in the mainstream media focused on the fact that he was arrested only for what he said in Germany. Instead they all implied that his real offense is being a neo-Nazi and that it’s perfecdy reasonable to arrest people for that in the United States. And of course, they dragged in the red herring of his juvenile offense and then tried to associate the ideas of “fugitive murderer” and “neo-Nazi” in the minds of readers. And not one of them — not one — mentioned that the U.S. Marshals broke his arm when they arrested him, despite the fact that he was unarmed, offered no resistance, and was not believed to be violent or aggressive. And I should mention in this regard that Hendrik was examined by a physician after his arrest, his arm was x-rayed, and it was determined by the physician to be fractured — but not a word of this appeared in the mainstream media here. They didn’t want the public to have any sympathy for a hate speech” criminal. Again, imagine what they would have had to say about a broken arm in the hypotheti-
cal case of that Jew committing sacrilege in Saudi Arabia. You would never hear the end of it. It would have been another Elian Gonzales story, with televised images of the bruises and swelling, with hourly updates on his condition from the prison physician, and so on, day after day. But in Hendrik’s case, not a word.
Well, I hope that I have made my point that neither the politicians in the Clinton government nor the media bosses really believe in free speech, and they’re lying when they say they do. They believe in free speech only for those people with whom they agree ideologically, those people whose interests are the same as theirs. And they definitely do not want people who disagree with them to be able to express themselves. That is why they’re pushing so hard now for so-called “hate speech” laws and trying to make the lemmings believe that they already can be prosecuted and sent to prison for saying anything that is “racist.” That’s why the Clinton government collaborates so enthusiastically with the German government in persecuting Germans for Political Incorrectness.
My aim in telling you all of these things is to alert you to the danger we are facing from those who want to take away our liberty and to try to galvanize you into speaking out yourself and alerting others. My aim is not to discourage you or to make you feel that all is lost because the forces arrayed against our freedom are so powerful. So let me end our program today on a positive note. The German government is not desperate to make an example out of a 24-year-old kid who smarted off to the media because it is confident that history is on its side. On the contrary, the German government is bent out of shape by Hendrik because it’s scared to death of him —- and thousands of others like him. The German government senses the instability in the air. It knows that the whole structure on which its power rests is rotten. It is afraid of dissent, afraid of where dissent may lead.
And the Clinton government and the Jews behind the government are afraid of dissidents for exactly the same reason. They don t send a SWAT-team of trigger-happy goons
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
5
after a skinny, unarmed, 24-year-old musician with Politically Incorrect ideas and break his arm because they’re filled with confidence in the historical inevitability of militant lesbianism, or whatever it is the Clinton government stands for.
They do it because they are afraid. Let’s help make their nightmare come true.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Case of Hendrik Mobus,” aired on September 9, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
I want to hire the best immigration attorney I can find to fight the Clinton gov-I ernment's effort to turn Hendrik Mobus over to the German government. One of my I reasons for doing this is that I believe Hendrik should not be imprisoned for saying I what he believes, either in Germany or in the United States. A more important rea-I son, however, is that I want to make as big an issue as I can of the Clinton govem-I ment's hypocrisy about the First Amendment. I want to rub the government's nose I in its hypocrisy.
s	jffjpli
I already have filed a petition for political asylum for Hendrik in order to pre-I vent the Immigration and Naturalization Service from deporting him.
What I want from you is help with the legal expenses of fighting Hendrik's I deportation, which easily can exceed $100,000. I cannot pay the whole cost alone. I With your generous help, however, I can do it. Please send the largest donation you I can to:
National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Note at the bottom of your check "Hendrik's Defense Fund."
Thanks William Pierce
1
Wrnmmmmmmmmummmmmmmmmmmmmmsmmmi
Behind America’s Moral Decay
Today I want to talk with you about a topic that I believe is extremely important. It’s a topic that I have been thinking about for a long time but have hesitated to talk about because it’s a big, complex topic, and I don’t have much in the way of scientific data on it: I don’t have a lot of hard statistics, just a number of general observations and a good bit of specific anecdotal material. Because this topic is so important, however, I have decided just to plunge into it. Perhaps our listeners will be able to contribute to this subject if we discuss it more than once.
The subject is the general decline in moral fitness of White Americans. In fact, I believe this moral decline is an affliction not just of Americans, but of White people nearly everywhere. I don’t want the word moral to be misunderstood here. I’m not talking at all about the same thing some Christians refer to when they lament the decline of morals in America. I’m not talking about sex, for example.
By moral fitness I mean such things as strength of character, toughness, degree of self-discipline, willingness to endure hardship. But moral fitness is more than that Being morally fit also means having an internal code of behavior and sticking to it. It means having values and standards that one applies in a systematic way to guiding one’s own behavior and to judging the behavior of other people.
It means having some purpose in one’s life and directing one’s life in accord with that purpose.
What I see around me in America today are very few people with much moral strength — fewer, at least, than we had 50 years ago: fewer men, for example, of whom we can say with confidence, “he is a man of his word”; fewer men and women who are willing to work really hard over a long period for the achievement of a goal. And I see many more men and women — especially young men and women — who are soft, self-indulgent, undisciplined, and with neither moral standards nor purpose in their lives.
Well, that’s a bit too general to have much meaning, I’m afraid. Let me try a few specific examples to illustrate my point. I’ll begin with glass-blowers. Before the Second World War every chemistry department and every physics department at a university large enough to sustain any sort of scientific research had a glass-blower on the staff for making specialized glassware. Glass is not especially easy to work with, and learning how to make glass scientific apparatus with it, and make it well, requires much training and much practice. But before the war there were enough young Americans willing to spend several years in apprenticeship to an experienced glassblower in order to learn the necessary skills. They could then count on secure employment at a university or at a company engaged
in scientific research or in manufacturing scientific apparatus. By the 1950s, however, good glassblowers were becoming hard to find in America, even though more jobs were available and salaries were going up. Some large companies had their own training programs, but universities who needed glassblowers generally had to import them from some place such as Germany, where apprenticeship programs for skilled trades were still the rule.
I mentioned the shrinking supply of glassblowers, because that is something with which I had personal experience, but my impression is that die phenomenon is more general than that: young men are less willing to enter trades which require long periods of training before they are fully qualified and can earn more than an apprentice’s wages. I’ll generalize even further: Americans are less willing — in fact, less able — to postpone gratification than they were half a century ago. Of course, we all would like instant gratification — but we used to have the willpower and self-discipline to postpone it a bit when that was advantageous. In talking with young people especially, I get the definite impression that there is much less willingness to focus on long-range goals.
Another example of this is to be seen in the spending habits of Americans. Before the Second World War young families went to a bank to bor-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Then...
row money to buy a house, but that was about it; eveiything else required cash. If you wanted to buy a piece of furniture or a radio or a new suit, you had to have the money first. Even in buying a car, the common practice was to save the money from one’s sal-ary, and when one had enough one purchased the car. Credit cards may have been around, but they certainly weren’t as common as today. In order to acquire the things they wanted, Americans had to plan ahead and exercise some self-discipline.
In today’s age of plastic credit, that is much less the case. And it seems to me that there has been a real loss in self-discipline. The average American today ends up paying much more for things simply because he not only can’t wait until he has earned die money for the things he wants, he can’t pay off his credit card debt at the end of every month and avoid interest He just doesn’t have the willpower. He can’t control his desire to have more shiny junk and to have it now, and so a good bit of his income goes to paying interest. If he had the willpower to wait, he could
avoid interest and actually own many more things.
Of course, we always had people without self-discipline and who were unwilling to postpone gratification. There always were people who had to be paid every week. If you paid them only once a month they would spend their whole paycheck in the first two weeks, and then they would starve during the next two weeks until another payday. It just seems to me that the problem is worse today than it used to be.
Here’s another example for those of you who are employers. I’ve had many people who are in business for themselves complain to me about how difficult it is to find young Americans who are good for any kind of work. And I’ve noticed the same thing myself. A young employment prospect seems eager and enthusiastic; ne talks a good line. But if you give him a real job to do, you will quickly discover that he has no conception of what work is. He really believes that a plausible excuse is a satisfactory substitute for performance. He believes that going through the motions and putting on a
good show of working is rk working. He never SAJ* A
bility for the results of Responsibility is an alien him. It is as if the work |H
____ I	to
real, and he doesn’t auite grasp^ the consequences of adequate work1 inadequate work, of success or fail,.01 are real too.	g
Poor work habits are part of tk problem. Young Americans these ck nave not had much experience at real work as they were growing up. M0jt of them have not had to deliver news, papers or mow lawns or wash cars ot do anything else to earn their own money from the time they were 11 ot 12 years old. Delivering morning newspapers is an especially good discipline: it forces a young boy to crawl out of his warm bed at three o’clock in the morning and go out into a dark, often cold or wet, world and do hard work by himself for a couple of
Uaiit-c Anrl ka miicf rln if PVCtV ITlOnV
ing, whether he feels like it or not. It is inevitable. Most young White Americans never have been faced with the inevitable choice of no work, no money; they’ve always had a way around it, and not having had to face that inevitability has stunted their moral growth.
Well, it’s worse than that. I refer to these young people who can’t cope with real work as members of the Star Trek generation. On Star Trek a meteoroid hits the spaceship and knocks a big hole in it. The air is rushing out into space. Electrical wiring is arcing and sparking. Fires have broken out all over the ship. Vital systems have stopped functioning. So the crew members grab fire extinguishers and screwdrivers and run around for a few minutes fixing things up, and pretty soon everything is more or less back to normal — whereas in reality everyone would be dead. Kids raised on television have been given a grossly distorted conception of reality, a distorted reality in which there are no really painful consequences for failure, a distorted reality in which every problem has an easy solution.
And it’s not just television. It’s also a welfare system, which protects people from their own folly and weakness and vice and keeps them aware that if they fail at whatever they’re trying to do, there s something to fall back on, so they don t really have to succeed. And it s an educational sys-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 •
Hills boro ■ WV 24946 • $40/yar
tem that has shifted away from rigor and hard rules and performance toward fuzzy concepts and lots of verbalizing and social conditioning. Problem solving, with exact answers required, is out; being able to wave your hands and talk about a concept is in. Using language with precision and understanding the structural functions and relationships of words, are out; that’s too masculine and analytical. Studying the history of our people and our civilization and learning the values and traditions that gave us strength in the past are out; that doesn’t mesh with multiculturalism.
In fact, the schools in America have abandoned completely the task of building character and instilling values in young people. If you think I’m exaggerating, go to your library and check out a set of the McGuffey’s Readers that were used widely in American public schools in the latter
part of the 19™ and the early part of
the 20th century. McGuf fey’s Readers not only taught young Americans how to use their language far more precisely and elegantly than young Americans are taught today; they also taught children values. Every anecdote and story and reading selection in the McGuf fey’s Readers taught a moral lesson: a lesson about courage or honesty or perseverance or loyalty or correct behavior. Compare the quality of the language in the McGuf fey’s Readers and their content with the reading material in America’s elementary schools today.
None of these aspects of moral decay I’ve mentioned is new — with the possible exception of the loss of a sense of reality resulting from watching thousands of hours of television. We’ve always had soft, lazy, self-indulgent, irresponsible people with a short attention span who had insufficient self-discipline to postpone gratification. But the problem is substantially worse today than it was 50 years ago. There’s more hedonism and less responsibility, more softness and less perseverance, today than in the past There’s less purposefulness in young people’s lives and less willingness to work long and hard and carefully to achieve what they want. Of that I am certain, even though I don’t have hard statistics to prove it.
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
So what are the causes of this moral decline, other than television, and what can we do about it7
Undoubtedly the sustained material prosperity of the past half-century has been a significant contributing factor to our moral laxity. The natural conditions of life that kept us hard and morally tough in the past have been abated to a large extent by our relative material wealth. Soft and ill-disciplined individuals who would have perished a century ago and who would have been kept at the bottom of the socioeconomic ladder 50 years ago are so sheltered from Nature’s selective forces today that they are able to thrive almost as well as more fit individuals.
The morally debilitating effects of wealth have been recognized for a long time. The Roman patrician, Cato the Censor, railed against the moral decay of the citizens of the Roman Republic 2200 years ago, and he directed most of his criticism against his fellow aristocrats and their self-indulgence. He called upon them to return to the Spartan ways of their ancestors and to raise their children with the same rigor and austerity that had prevailed during the time of their grandfathers. Cato undoubtedly had some effect, but he lacked the authority to enforce measures sufficiendy severe to stem the tide of decay. Then as now, most people, rich as well as poor, were inclined to take the course of least resistance, with little thought for the consequences; as long as they could indulge themselves they did. Nevertheless, the Republic lasted another two centuries — which is a lot longer than America is going to last.
The destruction of the American family certainly is a major cause of our moral decay. Before the Second World War the nuclear family was the norm among White Americans, with the mother at home to take care of the children. That was true in working-class families as well as in the middle class. There were no daycare centers for preschool children, and when the kids came home from school their mother was waiting for them. Children, in other words, got vasdy more parental guidance and influence then than now. And they got a lot less permissiveness.
You know, it used to be that there was a clear distinction between childhood and adulthood. A child was
7
fully under the control of his parents, and he was completely dependent on his parents. An adult, on the other hand, was on his own. He was independent; he could do whatever he wanted; but he was completely responsible for himself. As a child approached the magic age of 16 or 17 or 18, he looked forward with eagerness to becoming an adult and having his freedom. He looked forward to other things too: sex, being able to choose a mate, being able to buy things for himself and choose his own life-style, being able to have a car. But he understood that he would be responsible for himself. He would have to support himself, and he would be held accountable for what he did. His parents no longer would be there to support or to shield him.
This distinction between childhood and adulthood is a very fundamental distinction, and among humankind it has been nearly universal, from every European society of which we have records down to the most primitive non-White tribes — until now. Among White Americans the distinction really has become blurred since the Second World War. On the one hand the parental control and the restrictions that formerly were characteristic of childhood almost have disappeared. Nowadays young kids have money, sex, freedom to do almost anything they want — but no responsibility. And on the other hand far too many young men continue to be supported by their parents well into their 20s or even into their 30s. They shun independence. It’s an unhealthy situation all around.
There’s another reason, in addition to the softening influence of too much wealth and television’s loosening of the grip on reality and the lessening of parental guidance, for the decline in moral strength of Americans today. That reason is a deliberate policy of moral destruction that has been implemented with increasing effectiveness during the past half century. In every society there are frictions who want to push social or political changes in particular directions. There are egalitarians, for example, who really believe that people ought to be equal even if Nature didn’t make them that way. They have combined forces with the feminists to reduce competition in the lives of children at school and at play. They have
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
...Now
downgraded the idea of winning or losing, of success or failure, of excellence or mediocrity. They have instilled into children’s minds the notion that cooperation is better than competition, that working in a group or on a committee in which no single person is responsible for the outcome is better than individual striving, that a uniform level of achievement is better than having some individuals excel and some fail. In addition, the feminists have played a major role in the destruction of the family, not just by teaching that the family is a repressive institution which is unfair to women, but by using their political influence to push policies which have undermined the family.
Then there are the multicultural-ists, who are absolutely determined that we must integrate Blacks and Vietnamese and Mexican mestizos into our society in a way in which the various non-White minorities will be
happy and successful. They are determined to change VTiite social institutions in any way necessary to facilitate their goal of a happily integrated society. Lowering achievement standards in the schools and performance standards in the workplace and in the armed forces in order to accommodate Blacks, for example, seems to them a small price to pay for successful integration. Likewise, they are happy to phase out the teaching of history to young people in order to weaken their sense of European identity and make them more willing to accept multiculturalism. The fact that people with a weak sense of identity tend to be people without strong values is not half as important to them as achieving integration.
There are people — White people — who actually prefer the moral situation we have today to the one we had before the Second World War. They feel more comfortable with weak,
Of*
indecisive, self-indulgent and sponsible people around 'them. tT
don’t like strong, selfconfidem, 2 pendent people.
We’ve always had this interplay 0f ideological factions in our society What’s really new is the role of tf\e mass media in favoring some factions over others. In the past the factions with really nutty and destructive ideas didn’t have much influence over policy. A faction that believed the family repressive and wanted to weaken it, for example, would have a hard time prevailing over the general feeling that the family ought to be kept strong -unless Hollywood began backing the anti-family faction. A faction that wanted to lower performance standards so that Blacks could do better relative to Whites wouldn t have made much headway — without media
backing.
When the Jews began gaming control over the mass media o news
and entertainment early in the 2 century, they began using their grow ing influence over public opinion to favor the factions with the mos destructive ideas and goals. The Jews not only backed feminist policies, or example; they actually supplied most of the feminist writers and propagandists themselves. They not only supplied most of the money and brains behind the postwar drive for a multicultural society, they also launched programs to weaken the opposition by undermining the character of the White population. In the 1960s, during the drive to weaken and discredit the forces of tradition, the Jews were the prime movers, and the mass media were their indispensable weap-
I apologize for this crude and unscientific explanation of the fact of the moral decay of White America. I believe, however, that if you look soberly and carefully at the evidence all around you, you will find that there is much truth in what I have said. Think about it.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Behind America’s Moral Decay,” aired on August 26, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95
postpaid.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 •
Hillsboro • WV 2 4•
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
9
What’s Important
A couple of weeks ago we talked about the case of a young German musician, Hendrik Mobus, who was arrested by the Clinton government’s secret police while he was my guest in West Virginia. I told you that the reason for die arrest was an extradition request from the German government The “crimes” cited in that extradition request all were what George Orwell would call “speech crimes” and what the Jews, feminists, and liberals in America call “hate speech”: he made some statements to the press in Germany that the German government didn’t like, and he was seen giving the Roman salute at a music concert Of course, those aren’t crimes in America; in feet, they are activities which are activities specifically protected by the Constitution. Nevertheless* Hendrik was arrested by the Clinton government’s thugs, with such force that his arm was broken, for making a Politically Incorrect statement to the press in Germany.
Well, Janet Reno and the rest of them thought about the implications of that for a few days and decided that they’d rather not have extradition hearings in which I and others surely would raise the “speech crime” issue. That might alert some members of the American public to the feet that the Clinton government is helping the German government lock people up for having Politically Incorrect opinions; that might raise some opposition to the plan to enact similar “hate speech” legislation here. So they dropped their extradition claim against Hendrik and turned him over to the Immigration and Naturalization Service to be deported back to Germany for overstaying his tourist visa. We helped him file a petition for political asylum in the United States, on the grounds that he would be persecuted for his political beliefs in Germany. In feet, we cited in the petition for asylum the charges for which the German government wanted to send him to prison, as listed in the extradition request, as proof that he would be persecuted for his beliefs and denied freedom of speech and freedom of association.
The situation in Germany today really is quite grim; it’s about what we
The Bundesamt fur Verfassungsschutz (the office for the Protection of the Constitution) is a government agency in Germany involved solely in the investigation and prosecution of political dissidents.
can expect in the United States in five to ten years if the liberals and the Jews have their way. There were police raids all over Germany just a few days ago against Germans who were suspected of listening to the wrong kind of music. The police kicked in people’s doors before dawn and seized their collections of Politically Incorrect CDs. The police regularly raid concerts and arrest everyone in attendance if the government doesn’t like the lyrics of the songs being played. Any political party the government doesn’t like can be banned, and anyone who is a member can be sent to prison. Hundreds of Germans are in prison today because they belonged to Politically Incorrect organizations, were overheard making Politically Incorrect statements, or were caught with Politically Incorrect books or CDs. All of this repressive activity by the German government is done to “protect democracy.” The Germans in prison have been charged with “anti-democratic speech” or “anti-democratic associations.” It’s really like something right out of Orwell’s 1984, and it’s becoming worse by the month over there — and our government is helping the German government in this repressive activity and is moving in the same direction itself.
Well, I’ll certainly do what I can to publicize this state of affairs during the fight to keep Hendrik from being deported, but I’ll tell you what’s a bigger obstacle in this fight than either
the German government or the Clinton government: that’s the lack of understanding on the part of so many of our own people about what’s really important in the world around them and in their lives, and what isn’t important
I’ll give you an example: We need to obtain the services of the most competent and aggressive immigration attorney we can find. We have our own staff attorney here at the National Alliance, but immigration law — like most other branches of law — is very specialized, and to have any chance at all of beating the government one needs a specialist who knows all of the tricks the government is likely to use. The typical reaction we get when we talk with these high-priced specialists about Hendrik’s case is: “Hey, so the guy’s going to be deported; so what? He’s just one guy. People get deported all the time. I’ll work on it if you want me to, but I’ll need ten grand up front. I’ve got an $1800 BMW payment due next Friday, and I haven’t paid my bar bill at the country club yet this month.” I’m exaggerating, of course, but only slighdy. We’ll find a competent and aggressive attorney, but it’s a bit like finding a needle in a haystack. Most lawyers are far more interested in making their BMW payments and having an open account at the country club than they are in the sort of fundamental issues that are involved in Hendrik’s case. Which is to say, most lawyers are not really interested in things like freedom of speech and freedom of association. When you begin explaining to them that the German police regularly raid concerts that play the sort of music Hendrik is involved with and lock all of the concert-goers up; that the political organizations Hendrik belonged to in Germany have been banned by the government, and that Hendrik is subject to arrest just for meeting peacefully with other members of a banned organization, the lawyers don’t care; you can see them begin to get fidgety and their eyes begin to wander. They really don’t care. What’s important to them is that Germany still makes good cars and good beer and that
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/jear
to
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
The Speaker of the House signs the bill permitting women to vote in 1920.
they themselves make enough money to buy these good things.
And you know, it’s not just law-yers. Look at the popularity polls in the current presidential campaign in America. They’re sickeningly reminiscent of Clinton’s popularity polls during the Monica Lewinsky scandal. People didn’t care: at least, not about the important things, such as the dignity or their government and the integrity of their elected officials. What they cared about was that the economy was keeping them comfortable, and their buddy Bill still had a nice, friendly smile for them.
You know, I’m certainly not a fan of George Bush. The man is obviously a crook. But at least he doesn’t hang around with Bill Clinton. He doesn’t have quite as many Jews in his campaign — or in his family — as Al Gore does. But at the moment Gore is making the voters feel a little warmer and fuzzier, and so he’s ahead in the polls — at least with the women and the Blacks. God, what a mistake this country made in 1920!
I always catch hell from my female listeners when I say something like that, so let me assure you now that I love and respect and admire and appreciate them — as women — but collectively they are a disaster when they become involved in politics. This is not to say that there aren’t a lot of very foolish men who also vote for whoever gives them a warm and fuzzy feeling. But it is the female vote that gives the edge to filth such as Bill Clinton and Al Gore.
The problem of not caring about the important things, however, is a problem I see in both sexes. Most of the lawyers who are far more interested in making their BMW payments than in whether or not the government in Washington respects our Bill of Rights are men. And I spoke last week about how a couple of clever shysters from the Southern Poverty Law Center, Morris Dees and Richard Cohen, stole Richard Buder’s church in Idaho from him. I mentioned that the mainstream Christians and the media people and the politicians in Idaho are beside themselves with joy about the verdict.
Why is that7 It’s because they were embarrassed by Buder’s brand of Christianity. More accurately, they were embarrassed about having Idaho
described by Dees and Cohen and the media Jews as a “haven for hate” because Buder’s church was there. Now they can feel good about themselves again. What the Butler verdict means for the First Amendment is of far less importance to them than being able to feel good. I mean, really, the mainstream Christian preachers were saying about Buder’s loss of his church, “Good riddance.” It seems to me that that’s a bit shortsighted. My thought is that being embarrassed because your neighbor believes something that is ridiculed and criticized by the media is not half as important as the right of your neighbor to be as ridiculous as he wants — because that’s your right too. Well, I guess Christian preachers these days are as worried about their standing in the country club as lawyers are.
I am reminded of what another preacher once said. He said, “What does it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his immortal soul?” I believe that preacher had a better understanding of what is important and what is not than the mainstream Christian preachers of Idaho.
Well, I’m not one to talk much about immortal souls and so I’d say it a little differently myself. I’d say, keeping your freedom is more important than having the Jewish media say nice things about the state you live in. I’d say that helping our fellow Europeans in Germany regain their freedom of speech and association is more important than making your BMW payment. I’d say that restoring dignity and integrity to our government is more important than any sort of scheme to lower the cost of prescription drugs or keep the Social Security system solvent a while longer. I’d say that ensuring that our grandchildren are able to grow up in a White world, where they will be in the majority and their values will prevail, rather than growing up in the sort of multicultural jungle America is becoming now, is more important than feeling good about yourself.
The future of our race, the survival and advancement of our race, the quality and the security of our race — these things are far, far more important than our individual or collective comfort today.
We used to understand that sort of thing. How did we forget? How did so many of us lose our understanding?
I believe that I see part of the answer to that question when I look at the way schooling has changed in America since the Second World War. In the past the schools not only provided a more structured and disciplined learning environment, they also provided moral guidance. I’m not talking about school prayer. I’m not an advocate of school prayer. But we used to learn about our history and our traditions in school. We used to have White role models that we could identify with. We learned to a large extent what is important just by learning about the behavior and attitudes and accomplishments of our ancestors. Anyway, we got a lot more useful moral guidance then than the kids get in the glitzy, multi-culti, hip-hop, consumption-oriented schools today, where it’s tantamount to a “hate crime” to teach White kids
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946
$40A
about White history or White tradi-dons or White values.
A bigger part of the answer is the excessively soft life-style most Americans have today. When we lived on the land and had to deal with life-or-death problems on a frequent basis, we were more aware of fundamentals than we are today. Nature gave us less leeway for mistakes, and so we really had to know what was important in order to survive. Behaving badly could have very serious consequences, and it was essential for a man to have a good set of rules to live by. A sense of personal honor was not a luxury: the man without one was considered a scoundrel and shunned, whereas today the man with one is likely to be considered a fool and shunned.
Today having too many luxuries and comforts tends to cloud our vision and distract us from the basics. Being shielded from the consequences of our bad judgment and our bad behavior makes us careless.
Personally, I believe that success and prosperity need not ruin our values or make us less fit — provided we compensate for the absence of Nature’s discipline with an artificially imposed but no less rigorous discipline. Lacking such a discipline, however, we must expea decay. And certainly, no democratic system is capable of imposing such a discipline upon itself. It will be imposed either naturally, by a drastic change of circumstances, or artificially, by a non-democratic government motivated by a concern for the long-term quality of the race.
A collapse of the American economy to the point where urban populations are starving, rioting, and hunting each other on the streets for food would be a blessing, in that it would teach us forcefully that there are more important things than making the next BMW payment. And perhaps it would make us fit enough to overcome the long-term threats to our race: perhaps it would make us fit while there’s still enough of the right stuff left in us to become fit. Unfortunately, I don’t have the ability to cause a collapse of the American economy. About all I can do at this time is talk with you about the important things that we ought to be thinking about* the important things that we ought to be guided by instead of
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
the unimportant things that so many of us are preoccupied with today.
Here’s a guideline: the things that are important are the things that endure, the things that last, the things that are immortal. A thousand years ago our ancestors in Europe didn’t have quite the same notion of the immortal soul that the mainstream Christians do today, but they believed in immortality nevertheless. One of their most often quoted religious sayings, which expresses very concisely their idea of immortality, comes from that part of the Elder Edda known as Havamal. The saying is: “Cattle die, and kinsmen die, and so must one die oneself, but there is one thing I know which never dies, and that is the fame of a dead man’s deeds.”
Well, that’s a little poetic, but it expresses clearly the notion that more lasting, and therefore more important, than our possessions and our friends and our pleasures in life — even than life itself — is the reputation that we make for ourselves and our lasting accomplishments. Many things are implied by this single idea: for example, the conviction that it is better to live an honorable life, to live nobly, than it is to be rich. Or the conviction that it is better to live a useful and purposeful life than merely a comfortable life, and that one’s purpose in life — the purpose or cause to which one consecrates his life — ought to be something which lasts beyond the life of the individual.
One can consecrate his life to the service of an idea — an ideology — and many have done that in the past. But it is better, I think, to serve the race in which an idea is incarnate, the race which gives life to the idea, the immortal race of which the individual is only a mortal part. Much more important than paying our bar bill at the country club is having some influence on the type of world our people will live in a thousand years from now, making some contribution now to that world. That’s what gives our lives lasting value. That’s what gives us immortality.
What am I saying? This is the Clinton era. Notions like that are entirely out of place in this era of democracy and equality and multicul-turalism and feminism. This is the era of Morris Dees and Richard Cohen and the fast buck; the era of the hip-hop culture and Political Cor-
11
rectness. Can you imagine anyone who would vote for A1 Gore — or for George Bush — having even the faintest understanding of what I’ve been talking about? This country already was sunk when Bill Clinton was elected President, and no riots or political assassinations resulted. The approval ratings Clinton has had prove that most Americans have no clue as to what’s important and what isn’t. The idea of consecrating one’s life to something which is immortal is wholly alien to them. The average American in the Clinton era believes that if you can’t eat it, spend it, or have sex with it, it isn’t important Perhaps he wouldn’t state it quite so starkly, but deep inside that’s what he really believes. He neither understands nor values anything else.
I don’t want to overstate this point. I know that there are many non-average Americans who do understand what I’m talking about, who do value the important things. I receive letters from them every day. These non-average Americans may make up as much as two per cent of the White population. But I also receive letters from some of the other 98 per cent — from some of those who think of themselves as Democrats or as Republicans. I have had some of these average Americans tell me that I am wrong to be against “diversity” and multiculturalism. Some of them tell me that multiculturalism is a good thing because it adds spice and variety to their lives; they appreciate multiculturalism because it gives them a choice of Vietnamese, Korean, Mexican, Taiwanese, Cantonese, Thai, and various Middle Eastern cuisines all within a block or so the office where they work. Life would be so dull if all they could choose from were American and European cuisines. Others tell me that “diversity” is good for America because it strengthens our economy. Having all of those Mexicans and Salvadorans and other mestizos here to do our farm labor and our dishwashing and all of those Pakistanis and Indians and Chinese here to do the high-tech jobs in Silicon Valley keeps our economy strong and our shopping malls full.
And really, I am sure that these Gore and Bush supporters really believe the things they tell me in their letters. To them it really is more
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
America hasn’t always relied on non-White workers

important to be able to titillate their palates with all sorts of exotic cuisines than it is to have a healthy, homogeneous White population, a healthy European culture in America. And keeping the stock market up and the shopping malls full now is more important to them than maintaining
White autonomy: more important than being dependent only on our own people in every phase of our economic activity.
So we shouldn’t be surprised that nearly all of our lawyers are far more interested in their standing at the country club than they are in things
such as freedom. We should,. , surprised that the Christian 1 be ters of Idaho are glad to be ^ Richard Buder.	^	of
It’s a very sad situation for ica - but we still do have that tZl cent out there. And let me tell you whenever I have any sort of interac-tion with the other 98 per cent, I really appreciate the two per cent who do have some understanding of what’s really important. If our race is to survive, it will be because of you. And by the way, if any of the two percent listening now happens to be a lawyer, I’d especially like to hear from you right away. I have something important for you.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program What s Important,” aired on September 23, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Feasting on the Sheep
Well, I knew it was coming — in fact, I predicted it when I spoke with you more than a year ago about the Jewish extortion campaign against Switzerland. I told you that if the Jews succeeded in sucking the blood they were demanding out of the Swiss, eventually they would come for our blood too. And now they’re here, demanding that Americans also pay diem back for their losses during the so<alled “Holocaust,” just the way the Germans and the Swiss and die French and the Dutch and others have been forced to pay them. I made that prediction because I know the Jews. I know that they always will be looking for more victims until they have sucked all of the blood there is to be sucked from this planet, and then they will turn on each other and begin sucking their fellow Jews’ blood. They cannot help it It is their nature to be deceivers and destroyers and bloodsuckers.
And there is some justice in their coming for our blood now. I could even call it poetic justice — because, after all, we are the ones who helped
© 2000 •
them suck the blood from others. We held their victims at gunpoint for them. We threatened their victims. It was our government that said to other countries, “Give these poor, innocent, deserving Jews whatever they want from you, or we will make you pay even more.” That’s what our government said to the Swiss a couple of years ago, when the Jews were demanding Swiss blood. Worse than that, it was America that destroyed the best part of Europe at their behest a little over half a century ago and then turned the rest of Europe over to them so they could suck it dry.
The Germans were the only people in Europe who had pulled the Jews’ fangs from their necks and were booting them out of Germany, and so we destroyed Germany for them. And then we turned Poland and the Baltic countries, and Hungary and Serbia, and half a dozen other European countries over to communist rule for 50 years. Every one of those countries behind the Iron Curtain was saddled with a government bureaucracy swarming with Jews, and they sucked
Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV
the blood of the people for half a century, until there was almost no more blood left to suck and the economies had been dried up. Ten years after die collapse of Jewish communism each of those countries is still dirt poor, still trying to rebuild itself. And the Jews still are sucking blood from Eastern Europe, by forcing thousands of young Russian and Ukrainian girls into the White slave trade, making them work as prostitutes for their Jewish slave owners.
Do you remember how it was a couple of years ago when they began demanding billions of dollars from the Swiss? Swiss banks had kept the money that some Jews had squirreled away in Swiss accounts before the Second World War and then died before they could reclaim their loot, and the big Jewish organizations and the Jewish media were complaining that the money should now be turned over to the Jewish organizations so that they could distribute it to “Holocaust” survivors.
The Swiss were responding, sure some of the dormant accounts in our
24946 Mk
banks undoubtedly belonged to Jews, but we follow the same rules for dormant Jewish accounts that we follow for dormant non-Jewish accounts. Just prove to us that you are the legitimate heir to an account holder, and we’ll give you the money, which in any case totals no more than a few million dollars for all of our dormant Jewish accounts.
So the Clinton administration began applying pressure to the Swiss, threatening to cut off trade with Switzerland and not permit Swiss banks to operate in the United States unless the Swiss coughed up all of the billions of dollars the Jews were demanding. Politicians elected by the American people were falling all over themselves to help the Jews squeeze as much blood as possible from the Swiss. Do you remember that despicable, toadlike Senator Alphonse D*Amato from New York, who was the Jews’ principal shabbos goy, their principal Gentile step’n’fetchit in applying pressure to the Swiss? Do you remember the threats against the Swiss coming from the White House? You know, it was we who elected every one of those politicians, we who voted for Alphonse D’Amato and Bill Clinton and all the rest who were helping the Jews squeeze the Swiss.
And it was the same thing when the Jews turned on Germany. The Germans already had paid the Jews more than 60 billion dollars in blood money, but the Jews then began yammering that Jews who had been forced to work in the German defense industry during the war still were owed billions of dollars in back wages. So we helped the Jews squeeze the Germans once again.
And then the Jews turned on France. The Jews wailed that when they were chased out of the part of France that was occupied by the Germans during the war, the French government had collaborated with the Germans. So now the French people owed billions of dollars to the Jews to atone for that wartime collaboration. And our government told the French that they had better pay. And then it was the Dutch. And then it was the big multinational insurance companies.
I was quite certain that eventually the Jews would get around to us, and now they have, and no one should be surprised. Do you expect a vampire to
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
give up his diet of fresh blood and begin drinking milk instead, just because the only remaining source of blood happens to be his next-door neighbor?
You know, some people criticize me because I am not polite enough in talking about the Jews. They believe that it is very vulgar of me to refer to the Jews as vampires or bloodsuckers or parasites. They remind me that most Jews wear nice suits and drive nice cars and live in expensive condos — so they couldn’t really be as bad as I say. Many Jews are polite, well educated people — lawyers and businessmen — and I really should just stick to the facts! they say, and not resort to name-calling. That’s not polite. That’s not gendemanly.
Well, listen, I just wish that some of these gendemen who think I’m not polite enough would talk about the Jews themselves. They can be as polite as they want. They can stick to the facts and avoid name-calling. I’d love to hear them do that. There are thousands of gendemen out there who know the facts and also have access to the media. But they’re all keeping their mouths shut. They’re all afraid that they may be kicked out of the country club if they say anything the Jews don’t like, no matter how politely they say it. And since that leaves the burden on me, I’m obliged to try to get the message out as effectively as I can.
I deliberately use colorful language. I deliberately use provocative phrases that I hope will stick in the minds of my listeners. It may be offensive to the gendemen when I refer to Jews collectively as deceivers and destroyers and bloodsuckers, the way the Great Reformer Martin Luther did, for example. But I believe that the language I use is appropriate and accurate, even if it is colorful sometimes. Anyway, I’ll just give you a few facts and let you decide whether or not “deceiver” or “destroyer” or “bloodsucker” is an accurate description of the Jews as a whole, as a race.
I’ll read you just a few sentences from an Associated Press story which came out a little over two weeks ago, on August 28: “In the coming weeks Jewish organizations plan to push for payments from dozens of U.S. corporations that they accuse of using forced labor. . . . ‘It’s their turn,’ said Steinberg.” The Steinberg referred to
13
is Elan Steinberg, executive director of the World Jewish Congress. The U.S. corporations are those that the Jews claim had some business relationship with Germany before or during the Second World War, more than half a century ago. Now the Jews are demanding that these companies give money to the Jews because the companies may have made a profit 55 or 60 years ago that came in part from Jewish labor.
That’s astounding, isn’t it? Listen to what Gideon Taylor, the head Jew in an organization called the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany, has to say about it. I quote again from the August 28 Associated Press report: “We are looking at this as an issue to bring up with these companies in September, and we intend to bring it up very firmly and very decisively. The issue is really whether American companies will face up to their responsibility in a way that is moral and proper.”
These Jews turned communism loose on the world and destroyed 60 million of our people in Europe — not to mention the 100,000 young Americans who were killed by communists in Korea and Vietnam. They bled Eastern Europe dry.
They gave gangsta’ rap and the hip-hop culture to American kids. Every time you see a 14-year-old White kid wearing baggy shorts and a backward baseball cap, listening to a Black rapper on his Walkman, and trying desperately to act Black, you can thank the Jews in Hollywood.
They gave us race-mixing and multiculturalism and open borders. Whenever you see a White woman with a Black man, remember that it was Jewish lawyers who campaigned against miscegenation laws and eventually overturned them. Whenever you see a group of swarthy Mexican mestizos lounging on a street corner, keep in mind that it was Jews who pushed for the changes in our immigration laws that opened our borders to the Third World.
Jews gave us the 1960s with Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin and Mark Rudd and his Students for a Democratic Society. And at the deepest level they gave us Bill Clinton too. From Jewish Hollywood and Jewish Madison Avenue and the Jewish agitators on our university campuses in the 1960s and 1970s came the values,
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
the attitudes, the mores that made it possible for someone like Bill Clinton to become President of the United States. . | . And they are demanding compensation from us! Can you imagine? That’s what they call chutzpah.
And if any tender-hearted soul believes that it’s unreasonable of me to blame all of them collectively for what their Red Brigades and their Hollywood propagandists have done to our people, just look at the other side of the coin for a moment When the Jews suck 60 billion dollars in so-called reparations out of Germany, that’s a collective tax on all Germans for the benefit of the Jews. When they extort money from the biggest corporations in America, all of us end up paying for it If they suck a billion dollars in blood money out of Ford or General Motors — and you can bet they’ll get a lot more than that — that’s just a cost of doing business. Prices go up to compensate, and we pay the Jews: ten dollars from every White American household. When they suck three billion dollars out of our taxes to provide military and economic support for Israel, that’s $30 from every White American household.
So it is a collective thing. It is them against us. In fact it is them against the world. The problem is that they understand that, but the world doesn’t
Well, I promised you facts today. I’ll give you the facts of a recent court case that illustrates how their system of bloodsucking operates. In Idaho, near Coeur d’Alene, there’s a church. It’s called “Church of Jesus Christ Christian.” Its minister is an 82-year-old retired aircraft engineer named Richard Buder, who came from California to Idaho in 1973, bought 20 acres of rural land, and built a church on it He’s held Sunday services there for the past 27 years. Better known than the church itself is its outreach program, Buder’s “Call to the Nation,” which is also known by the name “Aryan Nations” and has members in many places outside of Idaho.
Buder preaches a brand of Christianity generally known as “Christian Identity.” It’s a brand that is at odds with most of the mainstream brands, in that it preaches that Jesus wasn’t a Jew and that today’s Europeans are
Richard Butler
related to the Israelites of the Old Testament. It preaches also that today’s Jews are interlopers who have no claim on either the Old Testament or the New Testament. Needless to say, this doctrine is not looked on with favor, either by the Jews or by those Christians who believe that the Jews are “God’s chosen people.” To counter Buder’s preaching, the Jews have used their media to demonize Christian Identity and its adherents, portraying them as violent and dangerous “haters.”
Now, I don’t want to argue religion today. I believe in neither Christian Identity nor any of the mainstream brands. I don’t really know Reverend Buder, although I did meet him once 14 or 15 years ago. I have met enough Christian Identity believers over the years, however, to know that most of them are not violent and dangerous. They’re a bit more tighdy focused on their religion than most mainstream Christians are, but other than that they’re pretty normal people.
The Jews’ use of their media to create a climate of hate against people like Richard Buder, however, has led to some violence. People incited by this Jewish hatred have made problems for Buder and his church. Two years ago someone tried to bum his church down. Someone shot and then disemboweled his pet German shepherd. People have tried to disrupt his church services. Sometimes hostile crowds incited by Jews with megaphones have gathered outside the gate to the church property. And sometimes Buder’s church members have
overreacted to this hostility anrl done foolish things.
On the night of July 1, 199^ a car drove past Buder’s church, and two security guards heard what they thought was a shot fired from the car at the church. They hopped in their own car and gave chase, firing several shots from a rifle into the back of the other car in a Wild West scenario and eventually forcing the other car to stop. The man and woman in the car claimed that what the guards thought was a shot was just their car backfiring. After some discussion, the guards let the man and woman go, and the latter prompdy went to the police and filed assault charges against the guards. The guards were arrested, tried, and convicted. And if Reverend Buder had been a mainstream Christian preacher — or almost anything but a Christian Identity preacher — that would have been the end of it.
But a badly misnamed organization supported by Jews and leftists, the Southern Poverty Law Center, heard about the case and saw it as a way to silence Buder’s preaching and make a lot of money for themselves at the same time. On behalf of the man and woman whose car had been chased, the Southern Poverty Law Center filed a civil suit against Buder and his church, claiming that the pair had been so frightened by the chase that they were suffering from post-traumatic stress syndrome, a fancy name for what used to be called shell shock, and that since the security guards had been acting to protect the church, Buder and the church were responsible for their shell shock.
The two principal actors in the Southern Poverty Law Center are Morris Dees and Richard Cohen. They make their living by filing ruinous lawsuits against organizations and individuals that their Jewish supporters hate, and then collecting donations from those supporters. I ought to know: five years ago they sued me, and although they won only an $85,000 judgment for their purported client, they raised for themselves nearly $10 million in donations from their supporters by sending out hind appeals while they were suing me. This sort of behavior is called “barratry” by the legal profession, and it used to be illegal. Today barratry is
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro •
WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 2000
15
Morris Dees
winked at by our corrupt and politicized courts if it is for a Politically Correct cause.
Nine days ago a jury in Coeur d’Alene decided that Buder and his church must pay more than $5 million to the man and woman who were frightened by the security guards. The value of Buder’s church and his other property is estimated at $200,000. After the verdict Morris Dees crowed to the media: “We intend to take every single asset of Aryan Nations now and forever. We even intend to take the name of Aryan Nations and close that sad chapter in the history of Idaho.” Really, there was never any pretense during the trial that it was a claim for damages; everyone understood that the aim was to bankrupt Buder and his church, to stop Buder’s preaching, and to intimidate other Christian Identity churches. All of the statements of the politicians and the media people, and the spokesmen for Idaho’s various “human relations councils” and other leftist organizations, both during and after the trial, also expressed the same view: it is good that Buder has been silenced, they all said. He is a “hater” according to Morris Dees and the Jewish media. His religion is not Politically Correct. So let’s shut him up. That’s what the trial was about
So how did this happen in America, where we’re supposed to be free to express our opinions and to preach any religion we want, whether anyone else likes it or not7 I’ll tell you how.
First, it wasn’t just Morris Dees and Richard Cohen. They’re a couple of bottom-feeding shysters, a couple of barrators always on the prowl for opportunities to enrich themselves,
but they couldn’t do any damage in a healthy society. This happened because a corrupt judge in a totally corrupt court system and a totally brainwashed and feminized jury — a nearly all-White, though mosdy female jury — were eager to prove their Political Correctness. They all were eager to show their agreement with the lynch mob rather than risk having the lynch mob turn on them. And the lynch mob are the people who decide what is Politically Correct and what is not and then use their finely honed psychological skills to persuade the TV-bred lemmings that all of their peers already are on the bandwagon and will think ill of them if they don’t climb on too — you know who those people are.
I’ll just hit the key elements here once more: First, we have a population of lemmings, unable to think for themselves, who always follow the crowd. There’s not much we can do about that Human populations everywhere consist mosdy of lemmings.
That’s the way Nature designed things.
Second: the strong individuals among our people who should be shepherding the lemmings in healthy directions and setting the moral tone for all of us have themselves gone astray. They have become soft and self-indulgent. They have forgotten their responsibility to provide leadership. We need to awaken them and remind them of their duty.
And third, seeing that the shepherds had left their posts or fallen asleep, the vampires moved in to feast on blood. The Jews took over Hollywood, over Madison Avenue, over television, over our popular music industry, over our principal newspapers and magazines; and, using this media weapon to control the lemmings and corrupt our government, our courts, and our other institutions, they began feasting. We need to begin shooting vampires.
But we haven’t yet done what we need to do. That’s why the lemmings think it’s just fine that the Jews were able to silence Richard Buder and take his church away from him. That’s why the Jews certainly will succeed in bleeding Ford and General Motors and dozens of other American companies of billions of dollars in reparations for the Second World War, while the lemmings look on approvingly. So let’s get started on what we need to do.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Feasting on the Sheep,” aired on September 16, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
% m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m. m m m m	^	^	^	^	^	m	m	'4%
1...........
|
I
i
I
i
O 1	«	|	i	jn
oubscribe to r#eem$m4
Enclose $40 for a one your subscription to Frt
Name:
I Address:
%
I
I
I
Mail to:
National Vanguard Books P.0. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
I
1
I
Your subscription helps to keep	Dis	mmb'iceson
% m m m m. m m m m m m m. m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m %
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year