FREE SPEECH • SEPTEMBER 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. IX
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
To Be, or To Be


msmsm
i r
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH

, or
Tcfee Nici
jg
Dr. William Pierce
iiilli
:


The Saga of
■	i	.f.	''''
ahweh ben Yahweh
” Dr. William Pierce | y
Ii
M
.mm
llll
Iliilllll
....
mm
______________.... — —
and Moral Health
I	™j
Dr. William Pierce
Sliltltlll Illlil illll
' ■
||p
When Unreason
■ fjgj ,	\
■n .*v i -
Kules
|Dr. William Pierce--! __________________:
Nice
Have you been paying attention to what’s happening in Rhodesia and South Africa in recent weeks? Certainly not, if your only sources of news are the controlled news media, such as CNN or the network television news programs. They’ve been far too busy giving you interviews with Chandra Levy’s parents.
Of course, I have reported to you from time to time on the situations in Rhodesia, now officially known as “Zimbabwe,” and in South Africa. It is depressing to me to talk about these things. It is depressing to me to see the predictions that I made long ago coming true. And it has been even more depressing than usual recently as the deterioration of conditions in those countries has accelerated, as the ultimate horror that I predicted has become visible.
Two weeks ago, we talked about the growing phenomenon of the gang rape of White women by Blacks in South Africa. It has been a little over
a year, however, since we talked about the seizure and looting of White
The British flag is flown for the first time at Fort Salisbury, Rhodesia
farms in Rhodesia and the killing of White farm families there by mobs of Blacks. President for Life Robert Mugabe wanted to enhance his popularity among his followers by taking land away from White farmers and giving it to Blacks. When he.began this activity Mugabe had to use a certain degree of caution for two reasons. First, virtually all the agricultural product of Rhodesia came from the White farms; Blacks engaged only in subsistence farming, and White forms that were turned over to Blacks essentially went out of production, weakening the country’s economy. Second, a substantial portion of White Rhodesians were British citizens, and the British government was protesting the dispossession and mistreatment of its citizens.
It soon became clear to Mugabe, however, that the British government of Prime Minister Tony Blair really didn’t care what happened to Rhodesia’s Whites and that the govern-
FREE SPHHCII for Scpic
mber 2001
A murdered farmer in Zimbabwe
merit’s protests were merely empty words. Furthermore, as the Rhodesian economy, badly damaged by the earlier seizures of White farms, sank further toward chaos, jobless Blacks clamored for even more White land. A government of reasonable men might have salvaged the Rhodesian economy by a combination of austerity measures and strict law enforcement, but that is not the African way. The African way — more generally, the Black way is to kill the goose a nd get all th e golden eggs now. So Mugabe, in order to maintain his popularity, has continued to let the mobs of jobless Blacks seize White farms and despoil them.
The process is now spiraling out of control. Last week a group of White farn icrs fought their way through a mob of squatters who were attacking a White farm. They rescued the besieged White farmer, but they injured a number of the Black squatters while doing it The Mugabe government in turn arrested 23 of the White farmers who had been involved in the rescue, denied them bond, and threw them into prison in chains, where they now arc at the tender mercies of Black jailen.
It is mid-winter in Rhodesia, and die unheated prison cells where the White farmers are being held are freezing. When three jailers in the prison responded to a request from
the Whites for blankets, Mugabe promptly had the jailers themselves arrested. The Whites are not to be “coddled, ’ be announced, sending a clear message to the other jailers and to policemen that Whites could be abused with impunity. Mugabe has, in effect, declared all White Rhodesians to be outlaws. Blacks may attack them and steal their property, and they may not attempt to protect themselves. In order to make things perfectly clear, Iasi Saturday Mugatic's second-itKommand, Vice President Joseph Msika, announced: “Whites arc not human beings. In the past year only nine White farmers have been murdered by Blacks during the seizures of White farms, but the death toll is now certain to increase rapidly, Also last Saturday, Mugabe steeply increased his goal for the dispossession of Whites when he revealed a new plan calling for 95 per cent of all White farmland in Rhodesia to be turned over to Blacks. That, on top of the imprisonment of the 23 White farmers, caused a mass exodus of White families from farms in the area of northern Rhodesia where mobs of Black squatters have been most active recently. Three hundred women and children were evacuated from 130 White farms over the weekend, and more than 60 o ftl lose farms already have been invaded and ransacked by squatters, who routinely
slaughter nil |h*I cals and dogs left behind, carry off everything of value, own upping oul bathtubs mul other plumbing iixtmvs, and destroy the iwsl, White evacuees in the town of Chinhoyi were attacked on the sheets by Blacks, and While women who attempted to fake food and warm clothing to their impiisoncd husbands were beaten outside the prison,
And the controlled media here ;uc silent. I he politicians are silent. The Christian ministers, who used to preach crusades against Rhodesia when it was a While country, are silent. The various bleeding-heart types, who are leriihly distressed over what AIDS is doing to the Black population of Africa and always are run* ning around organizing international conferences and lobbying the government to provide more medical assistance to AIDS-strlc ken Blacks, are silent.
The media bosses are silent because they are happy with the present situation. 1 his is the way they planned it. I he politicians and most of the rest arc silent because they really don I care. I hose who are a little uncomfortable about the stepped-up genocide being waged against Whites in Rhodesia arc afraid to say anything lest they he accused of "White racism.’ Everyone with any sense at all of Political ( Correctness understands that any expression of concern or sympathy for White people engaged in a conflict with Blacks is raclsti I he details are irrelevant: in any racial conflict, one must support the non-White side In order to he Politically (.orred. It doesn't matter what the Blacks are doing to the Whites: if you complain about it, you will he accused of racism.
I ve seen this happen many times. My organization, the National Alliance, distributes leaflets and stickers with the message, Earth's most endangered species: the White race help preserve if, and then our address. I hat's all: no mention of Blacks, Jews, racial conflict, or anything else, just a call for concern about preserving our own kind. And yet every time we distribute- this message, the news media begin shrieking hysterically about “racism'' and “hatch every time. Some of our “Earth's most endangered species si it leers show up in a sc hool or on a university earn pus oi posted on traffic*
(D 2001 • National Vanguard liookt • liox J JO • Hilltborp • V/V 24946 • $40/yeur
signs in | community, and the local media people begin shrieking about “hate propaganda” and urge local citi-zens to call the police if they see one of our stickers.
The big Jewish media bosses have everyone who works for the media, Gentile as well as Jew, so thoroughly conditioned, so thoroughly indoctri-nated with anti-White propaganda, that any expression of concern for White people is denounced immediately as “hate” and “racism.” I’ll guarantee you, if the White Rhodesians were mopping up the Blacks over there, running the last of them out of the country and reclaiming their farms, there would be non-stop anti-Rhodesian coverage on every television news program in America and in Britain. There would be calls from the politicians in the Congress for our government to send in the U.S. Army to save the Blacks and punish the wicked White Rhodesians. A strict embargo on all trade with Rhodesia already would have been imposed. That idiot we have in the White House wouldn’t have to study the matter the way he did before issuing a statement on stem cell research; the Jews would have him on television immediately denouncing the Rhodesians and threatening grim reprisals. And his British counterpart, Tony Blair, would be shaking his fist and foaming at the mouth as he raved against the evils of “White racism.”
And do you know what the British and U.S. governments have done to discourage Mugabe in his current war against the White population of Rhodesia? The Brits are threatening not to let their cricket team play in Rhodesia when it goes on tour next year. Last week the U.S. Senate passed something called the “Zimbabwe Democracy and Recovery Act.” It couples additional monetary handouts from the U.S. Treasury for various programs in Rhodesia to visa restrictions on those charged with violent repression of civil rights. Visa restrictions! That’s what’s supposed to make Mugabe behave himself!
Of course, there’s no hint in the “Zimbabwe Democracy and Recovery Act” of the genocide being waged against White Rhodesians. Really, the whole idea of the thing is to provide money for the so-called “democratic opposition” to Mugabe’s dictatorship: money to finance Black demo-
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
crats, not to save White Rhodesians. Even so, the whole business is being handled very quietly, lest the media make a fuss about it and claim that it’s a “racist” act because by helping Mugabe’s opponents it may help the White farmers. But really, there’s no danger of the media making a fuss about it because the last thing the Jewish media bosses want to do is alert the White lemmings here about what’s going on in Rhodesia.
Well, as I said earlier, I don’t like to talk about what’s going on in Rhodesia and in South Africa, and believe me, what’s happening in Rhodesia now will be happening in South Africa soon. It depresses me to talk about this. I talk about it because it is a powerful lesson for us. It was only a few years ago that both of these countries were White countries. They were good, decent places for our people to live. I knew South Africans and Rhodesians. They were better people, on the average, than White Americans: better looking, healthier, better racially, better genetically. They had a small problem with Black terrorists, but it was a small problem. Fewer Rhodesians and South Africans were killed each year by Black terrorists than were killed in traffic accidents. Many, many more died each year from smoking cigarettes than from fighting a bush war against Black communists such as Robert Mugabe. And yet both countries now are under Black rule and are sinking rapidly into savagery and chaos.
How did it happen? The short answer is that it happened because both countries were persuaded to commit collective race suicide. I knew Rhodesians more than 20 years ago, before they all decided to commit suicide. I have known South Africans both before and after their collective suicide in 1993. They had some weaknesses that I noticed from the beginning. For one thing they were far too strongly under the influence of their churches and of Christian doctrine. This was especially true of the Afrikaners, the Boers, but I also noticed it to a lesser extent among Rhodesians and among the English portion, the Anglican portion, of the South African population. The Christian churches trained every Black terrorist leader in Rhodesia and in South Africa, but this fact seemed to make no impression on the Whites there.
3
The churches were a part of White society. The Whites believed the churches were on their side: White, Christian civilization versus Black savagery and superstition, that sort of thing. Even after the churches betrayed them to their enemies, most of them still believed that.
Well, actually, there was more to the psychological weakness of the Whites than subversive Christian “brotherhood” teaching. In a sense, the Whites were too civilized, too genteel. I used to tell my South. African visitors, “It may be that the Black terrorists are no real military threat to you, but the only viable long-range solution for you is to get rid of all the Blacks and other non-Whites in your country. Do whatever you must do: force them out, sterilize them, kill them — otherwise you will lose your country. Of course, it was easy for me to say that and much harder for the South Africans to implement it, with their economy making such extensive use of Black labor. There would have been very tough economic, political, and diplomatic problems to solve.
But the negative reactions of my South African guests to my advice went beyond these practical difficulties, beyond their reluctance to give up their Black gardeners and cooks and cleaning women and their reluctance to face the economic problems of restructuring their economy to use White labor only. They were shocked by my advice. Most of them, I believe, regarded Blacks as fellow human beings who were merely at a lower stage of development and still needed guidance and help from Whites. “Blacks are like children,” they told me. “They need our help, and most Blacks know that. They know that they are better off under our guidance than they would be without it. That’s why we don’t have to worry about their ever trying to take over our government and run it themselves. They know that they need us. It’s only a few terrorists who are a problem, and we can deal with the terrorists.”
You know, that sounds a lot like the sort of foolishness that I used to hear from my fellow Southerners back in the 1950s and even into the 1960s. None of the Southerners with whom I discussed the matter believed that Blacks were equal in intelligence to Whites or in their ability to build or to maintain a civilization, but they
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
A White minister preaches to his Black congregation in Zimbabwe
could not quite bring themselves to regard Blacks as vermin to be eradicated. That just wasn’t Christian. And even those who were relatively free of Christian influences felt that I was going too far. “Help the Blacks along,” they told me. “Make a few concessions to them, show them that we aren’t interested in oppressing them, and they will behave themselves. They will see that it is in their interest not to wreck the society that has given them so much more than they could obtain on their own. We can’t just exterminate them or force them all to go back to Africa. That would be barbaric. That would be stooping to their level.”
Foolishness. Suicidal foolishness. We really have become too civilized and have forgotten one of Nature’s most basic rules: Two different types of animal cannot perma-nendy occupy exacdy the same ecological niche. One eventually must drive the other into extinction. That is what is happening now in southern Africa. And in fact, it also is happening in America.
We accept the truth of this when other species are involved. Why is it so difficult for many of us to apply the
rule to ourselves as well? Why do some of us believe that it is uncivilized or un-genteel to deal with our race problem in a rational way?
I’m sure that everyone has heard the propaganda slogan promoted by the Jewish media and their collaborators to the effect that racists are made, not born. The Politically Correct party line is that children are born without any racial feelings or predispositions at all, and that if we don’t teach them to be racists, they will grow up loving everyone equally, and that will be a desirable state of affairs. That’s the way to avoid racial conflict, and so we should be very careful to shield our children from any influences that might make racists of them.
Well, for one thing that propaganda is based on a lie. And for another thing the lie is calculated to weaken us and to hasten our annihilation. The fact is that children, while not born with an explicit set of opinions about racial matters, are born with a strong tendency to regard their own kind as friend and those who are not their kind as foe. To this extent, racism does not require deliberate tutelage. Children become racists, which is to say, they develop a strong
preference for their own kind, through a natural process known as “imprinting” very early in life. Nature gave us this tendency because it is a survival trait. We developed the trait over millions of years of evolution, because those of us who had it were more likely to survive than those who didn’t have it. And the media bosses and their allies, who are saturating us with the lie that racism is unnatural and evil, don’t want us to survive.
If you want to read more about the evolutionary basis of so-called “racism,” I recommend that you read some of the works of the very distinguished anthropologist Sir Arthur Keith, especially his book A New Theory of Human Evolution. It’s a bit hard to find these days because it’s Politically Incorrect and has been purged from many libraries that formerly carried it. Sir Arthur Keith was a.'very civilized and genteel man, but he also was a perceptive and honest student of Nature.
As for me, I make no pretensions to gentility. I tend to be crude and simple and direct. Sir Arthur Keith explains it all in very polite terms, but I say it simply this way: If we want our kind to survive on this planet longer than another generation or two, then we must clear the cobwebs of Christian superstition and Jewish propaganda from our minds and face the facts without being squeamish. One fact is that we must have exclusive possession of those portions of this planet that constitute suitable habitat for us. Another fact is that in order to obtain and maintain that exclusive possession, we must be prepared to kill, to annihilate, any and all competitors. A third fact is that racism is God’s gift to any race that wants to survive. Racism is healthy and natural and essential, and we had damned well better clear of minds of die Judaeo-Christian lie that it is evil and wicked and nasty and low-brow.
To sum it up, the law of life is: kill or die. That’s still the law, no matter how civilized and genteel we become. We do not invalidate the law by wearing the latest fashions, by being computer whizzes, and . by attending very polite tea parties. The law does not say, of course, that we cannot cooperate with our kind, that we cannot collaborate constructively with other members of our own race.
It does not say that we cannot design
@ 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yea
and build a society in which we can work and play and breed and live at peace, more or less, with other White people. Not at peace all the time, but most of the time: enough of the time to still continue building and develop-ing and improving our civilization, and, make no mistake about this, it is our civilization and no one else s.
But the law of life does tell us that if we believe that being nice to members of other races will persuade them to be nice to us, then we are on the way out, just like the Rhodesians. It does tell us that if we deal with Blacks and mestizos and Asians under the
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
assumption that they are like us because they have learned to speak English and to mimic our manners, or that they have the same aspirations and ideals and standards and values and way of looking at the world that we do, then we will doom our posterity to oblivion. If we take the paternalistic attitude, as the South Africans did and as many American Southerners did, that the Blacks are like children, whom we should protect and promote and assist, and think that they will appreciate our help, then the fate of our race will be that of the dodo.
5
Look at what is happening in South Africa and in Rhodesia now today. Think about how the Rhodesians and South Africans got themselves into their horrible, lethal predicaments. Then ponder the question: should we strive to be nice, or should we strive to survive?
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “To Be, or To Be Nice,” aired on August 18, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Saga of Yahweh ben Yahweh
An Associated Press news story recendy caught my attention. The story was about the release from prison this week of a Black religious leader, who calls himself Yahweh ben Yahweh. His name actually is Hulon Mitchell. He’s a former Black Muslim, and, in fact, he ran a Black Muslim mosque in Atlanta for a while in the early 1970s, until he was accused of sexual improprieties with underaged Muslim girls and of dipping into the collection plate. He dropped out of the Nation of Islam, where he was known as Hulon X, and in 1978 founded his own church, the so-called Nation of Yahweh, with a religion based on Judaism. He calls his followers “Black Hebrew Israelites” and tells them that they, rather than the Jews, are the “chosen people” ordained by God to rule the world, as described in the Old Testament. He took for himself the name Yahweh ben Yahweh that’s Hebrew for “God, the son of God.”
So why should we be interested in yet another megalomaniac religious cult based on Judaism? Well, the thing of interest to us about the Nation of Yahweh is the initiation requirement Hulon Mitchell established for the elite, inner circle of his church, the so-called “Brotherhood.” The requirement was the murder of a White person, and the brinjging to Mitchell of some evidence of the murder, such as an ear or even the head of the victim. In fact, Mitchell preached to his whole congregation that the killing of White people whom he calls ^blue-eyed devil,s” is pleasing to Yahweh.
MBM W FOR YAHWEH BEN YAHWEH From the yahwehbenyahweh.com web site
By the time the police finally wound up Mitchell’s race-murder cult in November 1990 and packed Mitchell off to prison, his followers had butchered and mutilated at least 23 men, women, and children, 14 of them in Miami alone. Some of the victims were recalcitrant members of his own church, and the Associated Press story doesn’t give a racial breakdown, but a figure that I’ve seen elsewhere puts the number of White victims at 16. Mitchell spent a litde over 10 years in prison. That works out to about eight months for the murder of each “blue-eyed devil.” He was released on parole earlier this week.
You didn’t hear about it? You didn’t see anything about it on CNN or network television? You shouldn’t be surprised. It’s not the sort of news that the bosses of the controlled media want you to know about. There was a story about it last Saturday in the Washington Post, but the entire thrust of that story is the infringement of Mitchell’s civil rights by the conditions imposed on him by the parole board mat released him. The Washington Post article is not headed
“Black Cult Leader Who Ordered Ritual Murder of Whites to Be Released.” Oh, no! A headline like that would be considered “racist” by the people who run the Post; they are afraid that it might make White readers wary of Blacks. It might even lead some readers to ask questions, such as, “Why has this nutcase Black murderer been turned loose?” although I myself am not so optimistic about the ability of White Americans to figure out who their enemies are and react appropriately.
The actual head on last Saturday’s Washington Post story is “No Freedom of Religion for Yahweh,” and the subhead is “Parole Commission Limits Contact with His Followers.” There’s no mention at all in the story about the initiation requirements for the “ Brotherhood” or of the ritual murder of “blue-eyed devils”: just one cryptic mention, at the end of Mitchell playing with the severed ear of a White victim. The story deals almost entirely with Mitchell’s contesting of the conditions imposed on his parole by the parole board. They told him that he couldn’t have any further contact with the more than 1,000 members of the Nation of Yahweh. His lawyers have gone to court to have the conditions on his parole removed.
You know, I remember the same sort of reluctance on the part of the controlled news media to report the details of Mitchell’s activities 10 years ago, when he was arrested,, charged, tried, and sent to prison. There was minimal publicity, as if the media bosses were embarrassed by the whole affair.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
Yahweh ben Yahweh
It’s worth our noting that Mitchell got his idea for the initiation requirement into his so-called “Brotherhood,” the inner circle of his church, from a similar operation by the Nation of Islam during the time he was a member of that group. I talked about this in a broadcast a couple of years ago, but it’s worth repeating. During a six-month period in 19/3 and 1974, when Mitchell was a high-ranking member of the Nation of Islam, an elite group inside the Nation of Islam called the “Death Angels” murdered several hundred White men, women, and children. The exact number will never be known because many of the victims were so-called “street people”: runaway teenaged girls on drugs, hippies, and the Tike people who weren’t missed when they disappeared.
There were many of these pitiful lost souls on the streets of San Francisco in the 1960s and the 1970s: products of the great “counterculture” revolution promoted on American university campuses by Jews like Jerry Rubin and Abbie Hoffman. Their corpses often were hacked up and dumped in the ocean or buried. But the San Francisco police who tracked the Death Angels counted 15 very tangible victims from all walks of life, not just street people: 15 murdered White people, and eight others who were seriously injured during attempts to murder them. While they were
looking for the killers, the police referred to the series of murders as the “Zebra” killings: all Black on White.
Eventually the Death Angels were broken up when San Francisco police arrested eight of them. Four of them were put on trial, and after the longest trial in California history — a year and six days — they were convicted on all counts. The transcript for the trial fills nearly 14,000 pages and fills 141 volumes. During the trial, one witness, Anthony Harris, a Death Angel himself, spent 12 days testifying to me horrifying details of Death Angel operations. The Nation of Islam taught that the killing of a “blue-eyed devil” is pleasing to Allah, just as Huion Mitchell later taught that it is pleasing to Yahweh. Inside the Nation of Islam, there was an elite organization whose members had especially pleased Allah. That was the Death Angels. To become a Death Angel one had to murder nine White men or five White women or four White children. In 1974, the San Francisco chapter alone of the Death Angels had 15 accredited members.
Some of the White victims were taken to a loft used by the San Francisco chapter of Death Angels, where they were tied to chairs and tortured to death in ways far too gruesome to describe here. Harris testified that he was given the butchered remnants of one of these kidnapped White torture
victims, all trussed up in a plastic sheet like a turkey, and told to drive the package to a bluff overlooking San Francisco Bay and throw it into the water. And the killing wasn’t confined to San Francisco or even California. Other chapters of the Death Angels murdered Whites in New York, in Georgia, in Florida. The word spread among Black Muslims everywhere, and it is very difficult to believe that Huion Mitchell did not get the idea for his “Brotherhood” and its initiation requirement from the Death Angels.
As with the Death Angels in California, many of the ritual murder victims chosen by Mitchell’s Black Hebrew Israelites were the easiest White victims: people who wouldn’t be missed young runaways, street people, low-class Whites who lived in Black neighborhoods or who socialized with Blacks.
Well, as I said earlier, in November 1990 the police finally caught up with Huion Mitchell, also known as Yahweh ben Yahweh, and charged him and his followers with 14 murders in the Miami area. And now he’s out of prison again, and the only question is whether or not he’ll be permitted to run the Nation of Yah-weh again.
A couple of much more interesting questions for us are, first, why was this hate-crazed mass murderer of White people turned loose under any conditions? Ten years for sending his followers out to murder 23 people or 14, if we count only those in Miami, and then turned loose on us again!
Imagine that this murderer was a neo-Nazi leader who sent his followers out to kill Jews as initiation requirements, bringing back an ear from each victim as proof to their leader that they had done as ordered. Do you think that there’s any chance the government would be turning him loose, simply imposing on him the condition that he no longer could be a neo-Nazi leader? Can you imagine the howl you would hear from the media if that did happen? There would be no end to it. There would be tearful interviews with relatives of the victims on network television every day. The media would put on an even bigger circus than the one they put on after the dragging death of a Black ex-convict in Jasper, Texas, three years ago. And we would hear from the media a non-stop chorus of “hate, hate, hate” and ‘hate crime, hate crime, hate crime, racism, rac-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
ism, racism.” You know that’s the way the media would react. You’ve already heard it from them often enough.
Why, then, the almost total silence about the release of Hulon Mitchell, alias Yahweh ben Yahweh? Winy is neither the word “hate” nor the phrase “hate crime” used even once in the Washington Post story about the controversy over the conditions of his release? Why is the general public almost completely ignorant of who this man is and what he did, even if it happened 11 years ago? Why is the public just as ignorant of the hundreds of “Zebra” murders committed by the Death Angels? Why do the controlled mass media never say anything about these atrocious murders of White people by Blacks? It’s not that there’s a shortage of facts; as I said, there ate 14,000 pages of horrifying testimony from the Death Angels trial. Could it possibly be that the reason for the silence of the media is that the murderers are Black and the victims are White, and that fact contradicts the media party line the Jewish party line that Blacks are the good guys and Whites ate the bad guys, and that in interracial conflict Blacks are the victims and Whites are the aggressors? Could that be it?
Before I tell you about another recent news story that may help to answer these questions, I’ll mention that if you have an inquiring mind and want to dig up the facts on the horrendous “Zebra” killings that inspired Yahweh ben Yahweh, a good place for you to start is with Clark Howard’s 1979 documentary book Zebra. That book will lead you to other sources. Although it is out of print, you should be able to find it in a larger library, if it hasn't been purged by the minions of Political Correctness.
The other recent news story is from Denver’s Rocky Mountain News, which is one of Colorado’s major newspapers. It’s about preliminary court proceedings late last month against a gang of teenagers in Colorado Springs who murdered another teenager and his grandparents in a rural area 50 miles west of Colorado Springs. There are several things about this story that make it potentially interesting at a national level, and yet it has not been touched by the news media outside of Colorado. Is it possible that the media bosses feel that they’ve already given enough attention to teenaged murderers in Colorado with the saturation coverage
of the shootings at Columbine High School in Littleton, less than a hundred miles from Colorado Springs? I really don’t think that’s their reason for suppressing this story outside of Colorado, but I’ll let you be the judge of that.
The murders took place at the beginning of this year, and the murderers were arrested during the past few months, as the police gathered evidence. Charged with murder now are Isaac Grimes, 16; Jonathan Matheny and Glen Urban, both 18; and Simon Sue, 19. Their trials are scheduled for later this year. Grimes, Matheny, and Urban are White. Simon Sue is a non-White immigrant from Guyana, in South America, primarily of Indian ancestry. He is the local gang leader of a paramilitary, anti-racist organization with roots in Guyana. He calls his organization Operation and Reconnaissance Agents, but it usually is identified in news reports from Colorado Springs only by its initials, OARA. Sue preached to the other teenagers about the evils of White racism, and he ordered them to commit several burglaries to steal guns and money to be used for fighting racism.
One of their victims is 15-year-old Tony Dutcher, who was a schoolmate of theirs in Colorado Springs. On revious occasions, Tony nad invited is classmate Isaac Grimes to the rural home of his grandparents. During one of these visits, Grimes had decided that the grandfather, 60-year-old Carl Dutcher, was a White racist, and he reported this back to Sue and the other members of OARA. Sue decided that Carl Dutcher should be killed because of his racial beliefs. During the New Year’s school vacation at the beginning of this year, Grimes visited Tony at his grandparents’ rural home. The two boys camped out in a lean-to behind the Dutcher home. During the night, Grimes crept up behind Tony with a knife and cut his throat as he lay in his sleeping bag. Police said that Tony’s throat had been cut all the way to the spinal column, and he bled to death.
Grimes then went into the Dutchers’ house and awaited the arrival of another member of the antiracist gang, Jonathan Matheny. When Matheny arrived, he shot Carl Dutcher with a rifle. Dutcher’s wife, 58-year-old JoAnna, barricaded herself in a bathroom, but Matheny shot her through the bathroom door. Grimes
7
finished them off by slitting their throats.
Now, I don’t think that it’s necessary for me to explain to you why the Jewish bosses of the national news media decided that this was a story you didn’t need to hear about What’s indisputable is that it was a horribly atrocious series of murders with several very newsworthy aspects, and that if you live outside of Colorado you didn’t hear a peep about it until I told you about it a moment ago.
Suppose that the murderers, instead of being members of an antiracist gang led by a non-White, had been White racists, and suppose that their victims had been chosen because one of them favored racial mixing. Do you believe that the media bosses would have suppressed the story of the murders or decided that it just wasn’t newsworthy?
Of course, stories of Black-on-White crime are suppressed by the media every day. I chose this particular story because it not only illustrates the way in which news is selectively reported by the controlled media in order to support their party line, but it also illustrates the concrete results of the anti-White brainwashing conducted by the media and the schools.
We might with good justification blame the murders of the Dutcher family on the Washington governments insane immigration policy, which permits resentful, hate-filled, non-White trash such as Simon Sue into this country.
With even better justification we can blame the murders on the. racial propaganda campaign of the media, the government, the schools, and the churches. That propaganda campaign pumps into the heads of young White people the lies that all the races really are the same under the skin; that the only reason members of all races can’t live happily and productively together is the divisive effect of White racism, and that Whites who don’t want to live and interbreed with non-Whites are hate-filled and irrational and are the cause of all interracial strife. The propagandists don’t come right out and say it, but they certainly imply that these White racists, who are holding back racial progress and making things unpleasant for everyone, ought to be done away with in some way. That certainly was the message that teenagers Isaac Grimes, Jonathan Matheny, and Glen Urban. absorbed from television and from their school teachers. That was the message that
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
led them to obey the orders of the hate-filled mongrel from Guyana and to murder the Dutcher family.
Interestingly enough, it’s also the message that played a major role in the Columbine massacre in Litdeton, Colorado, in April 1999. The two teenaged murderers at Columbine High School, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, were fervent anti-racists who fantasized on their Internet Web site about torturing and murdering White racists. Where do you think they picked up those sick and poisonous ideas? Who put the idea into their heads that we live in a “racist” society and that racists ought to be killed?
If you remember, the spin put on the Columbine massacre by the Jewish media bosses right after the killings is that Harris and Klebold were neo-Nazis and racists, even though one of them, Klebold, was a Jew. It wasn’t until later, when investigators began looking into the private lives and the Internet postings of the two killers that it came out that they were not racists but rather were fanatical anti-racists. But that fact never received much publicity, even though several pungent excerpts from their Web site were reported in the New York Times. The average American couch potato still believes that the killers were White racists who deliber-
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
ately targeted Blacks in their massacre, because that was the lie propagated by the media immediately after the massacre, and it was never withdrawn.
The point of all of this is that the controlled mass media in America are consistent and deliberate in their policy of deception. Whether it was their intense anti-apartheid and anti-White propaganda against Rhodesia and South Africa back when those were both White countries, followed by their deafening silence about the horror of what’s happening in those two countries today under Black rule; or their silence about the atrocious series of “Zebra” murders of “blue-eyed devils” in this country by the Death Angels and then by Yahweh ben Yah-weh’s Black Hebrew Israelites; or the spin that they put on their reporting of the Columbine massacre in 1999; or their suppression of the story of the butchery of the Dutcher family in Colorado this year, they consistendy suppress or minimize news that might undermine their multiculti, egalitarian propaganda. They consistendy suppress or minimize news of non-White aggression against Whites.
They slant the news with the deliberate intention of making White people feel apologetic or even guilty for defending themselves against non-Whites. They deliberately attempt to
disarm us morally and keep us off guard. They deliberately conceal from us information that would lead us to question their policies or their motives. They deliberately deceive us with the intention of making us believe that things are rosy wherever their policies have been put into effect, such as in South Africa and Rhodesia, and that everything will be rosy here when their open-border immigration policies and their plans for more “hate crime” and “speech crime” laws have had time to . .take effect.
They are consistent and deliberate in their use of the media to deceive us because their aim is to weaken us and to destroy us, the way they already have weakened the White people of South Africa and destroyed the White people of Rhodesia. The Jews are our misfortune. The Jews are the eternal enemies of our people.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Tire Saga of Yahweh ben Yahweh,” aired on August 25, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
Self-Discipline and Moral Health
Well, the murder of White farmers and the gang-rape of White women by AIDS-infected Blacks continues apace in South Africa, as does the seizure and trashing of White farms in Rhodesia. Rhodesia’s Black dictator, Robert Mugabe, is boasting openly now of his intent to run all Whites out of Rhodesia. He understands now that no other country will come to the aid of the White Rhodesians, and he can do anything he wants to them. The British government of Tony Blair talks about not letting Britain’s cricket team play in Rhodesia, and the U.S. government of George Bush talks about imposing visa restrictions on Mugabe ana members of his government if he doesn’t behave himself, and so Mugabe is laughing at them and proceeding with his plan to ethnically cleanse Rhodesia.
I could talk more about these things happening to our kinsmen in southern Africa and about the failure of our corrupt and treasonous governments to do anything to stop what is happening. I could talk more about the way in which the Jew-controlled news media in America consistendy ignore these things: the same media that spearheaded the effort to persuade Americans only a decade ago to apply economic and diplomatic pressure to White South Africans until they turned their country over to Blacks.
I also could talk about more horrible Black-on-White crimes that have been committed in America recendy and about the refusal of the controlled media to report these crimes. There’s certainly plenty of that happening, and it’s important to publicize
it, as I often have done in earlier broadcasts.
Today, however, perhaps you will bear with me while I talk about a much mote prosaic matter: less bloodstirring than the murder and rape of our kinsmen in southern Africa and less provocative than crimes against our people in America. What I want to talk about today is what’s happening to the character and the spirit of our people. That’s important, and in a sense it’s as much at the root of our other problems as is the control of our news and entertainment media by the Jews or the corruption of - our political process and of our governmental and social institutions resulting from that control.
Actually, I’ve talked about this before, but I’ll try to deal with different aspects of it today. In discussing the changing character and moral
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • V/V 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
9
American men and women today are softer, weaker, less reliable, less willing to accept responsibility, less patriotic, less able to endure discomfort or hardship, less willing to postpone gratification, and more willing to tolerate weakness and corruption in others than they were in the past.
quality of our people, it’s important for us to have some fixed standards to which we can refer. I don’t want to sound like some old geezer complaining about how much tougher he had it as a kid than today’s kids do. So I’ve collected input from a number of other observers: teachers, parents, employers. I’ve tried to get balanced and reasonably accurate views of the state of morals in America today and 50 years ago, and to examine the differences and to try to understand what caused the differences.
I’ve also examined statistics where they were available. It’s difficult to quantify some moral elements numerically, but others can be quantified or at least, correlated in a reasonable way with things that can be quantified. For example, I believe that it is reasonable to correlate the level of personal debt with the ability to postpone gratification: the greater the level of personal debt — typically mortgage debt and credit card debt — the less the ability to postpone gratification. In the last 30 years, the average personal debt in America, measured as a percentage of income, has increased 70 per cent. People are much more likely today to spend money they don’t have than they were 30 years ago. And there is, of course, a penalty for that. People end up spending a great deal more for the things they want if they borrow money to buy them, and so they end up being able to buy less than the per-
son who earns his money before he buys and therefore pays no interest.
Without beating around the bush, I’ll tell you now what I have concluded about the change in the moral quality of our people during the past half century. American men and women today are softer, weaker, less reliable, less willing to accept responsibility, less patriotic, less able to endure discomfort or hardship, less willing to postpone gratification, and more willing to tolerate weakness and corruption in others than they were 50 years ago. And White American men are less masculine than they were 50 years ago.
I haven’t studied the matter enough to decide whether women are less feminine than they were. Certainly, there still are many very feminine women in America, but there also are more than enough unfeminine women running around today, and these un-feminine women, these feminists, certainly have more influence and are doing much more damage than they were permitted to do in the past. Whether American women as a whole are less feminine than in the past, however, I can’t say. But it definitely is the case that American men are less manly on the average than they used to be. And by “less manly” I don’t mean less sexually active; I mean less dignified, less self-reliant, less dependable, less self-confident, less courageous. Today they talk more and whine more, are less
inclined to keep their commitments, and are more inclined to wait for someone to tell them what to do. They aren’t as tough as they used to be.
Our people are less disciplined than they used to be. More specifically, they have less self-discipline, less ability to use will-power, to make themselves do what they believe they ought to do. There is in each of us a combination of infantile urges and more mature desires and needs. The infant seeks only to gratify himself and to avoid pain. The well-developed man or woman has a more inclusive concept of “self’ than the infant. He is concerned not only about his own needs but also about the needs of his family, his community, his clan, his nation, and his race.
And the well-developed man or woman has longer-range needs than the infant. The infant wants instant gratification, instant relief from discomfort. That’s all that is of concern to the infant; nothing else matters. The well-developed adult, on the other hand, thinks about future needs and future dangers and is able to balance these against present feelings: against present desires and fears and pain. He subordinates the present to the future. If he decides that a. future need is important, he will suppress present desires, endure preseht discomfort, and face present dangers, in order to achieve his future goal. The ability to do this is a function of a per-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 * $40/year
10
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
son’s degree of self-discipline. The person without self-discipline remains infantile in his behavior, and often in his attitudes as well.
The person with a high degree of self-discipline is able to keep his infantile urges under firm control and to marshal all of his resources, all of his strength and intelligence, to accomplish what he believes is most important.
This undoubtedly is an oversimplification, but I believe that it is nevertheless useful to look at all of the aspects of moral decline that I mentioned earlier:	the
greater softness, the lesser dependability, the lesser self-reliance, the lesser ability to postpone gratification, and the lesser degree of patriotism, as consequences of lesser self-discipline. By lumping all of these aspects of moral decline together as a decline in self-discipline, we only need to ask ourselves:	what has caused our
decline in self-discipline, by and large.7 Why does the average American man or woman today have less self-discipline than the average American of 1940 or 1950?
I believe that there’s more than one answer, more than one reason for the lesser degree of self-discipline today. In the first place, self-discipline develops as a result of the application of external discipline, especially when we are young. There is, of course, a genetically determined component of self-discipline, the innate self-discipline of the race as a whole, which evolved with us over millions of years and enabled us to survive. Because our temperate-zone environment was less forgiving, and imposed a harsher external discipline on us, and on other races that also evolved in the North, than the tropical-zone environment imposed on the races that evolved in the Tropics, we and the North Asian peoples, the Japanese and the Chinese, for example, have greater innate self-discipline than Blacks do. But selfdiscipline also is the consequence of training, of the deliberate application of external discipline, when we are young. And it is clear that there is much less of that today than 50 years ago.
The raising of children in America has been feminized, softened. Spankings and other forms of corporal punishment are out. In feet, the
In former times, children were expected to help with chores.
prevailing attitude among White parents today is that any sort of punishment or denial is a bad thing. Disobedience no longer merits a whipping or the withdrawal of an allowance. Disrespect to a parent no longer earns a hard slap across the fece and being confined to one’s room for a few days. Self-indulgence in children actually is encouraged today.
Daily chores, which used to be the norm for children, no longer are required. The number of children who are trained on a musical instrument or who are trained in any way at all has declined drastically. In America’s feminized child-raising environment, to require a ten-year-old child to practice for two hours every day on the piano or the violin is considered cruel and unusual. To require a 12-year-old to spend four hours a day studying Latin or mathematics after school is equally abhorrent to television-bred parents.
So the lack of external discipline for children today definitely is a big part of the problem. And why is external discipline' no longer imposed? Well, for one thing, we live in a less demanding world or so it seems to .most Americans at the moment. We are fat and soft and spoiled. Technological advances have given the average family so many labor-saving appliances in the laundry room, in the kitchen, and in the yard that less labor is needed. The tendency today is not to repair things or to clean things and reuse them, but to throw them out and buy new ones. So chores for the kids aren’t really the economic necessity they used to be. And with both parents working outside the home, with the day-care center replacing the parents, the enforcement of proper standards of behavior becomes more difficult. Most parents don’t even try. They just let their kids absorb * their morals from television and then run with the pack.
But there are other for why reasons why external discipline no longer is imposed on children: propaganda against it. We experience propaganda that makes discipline a bad word, propaganda which makes the whole concept of discipline. suspect and Politically Incorrect. Discipline is “fascist.” Disciplined is what the German Nazis were, with their heel clicking and saluting and their “Jawohl, mein Fuhrer!” The disciplined Germans were evil and racist. We’ve, seen that in a thousand Hollywood films and a thousand TV serials. Much better to be relaxed and informal and insubordinate. That’s the American way. Take the Black man as a model in this regard. Discipline leads to the gas chambers and to guilt, guilt, guilt! To discipline a child is to warp him and make a little Nazi out of-him. That’s the party line that has been pumped into us by television and by Hollywood for the past 50 years.
For the most part, the party line that the Jews have fed us from. Hollywood has been implicit rather than explicit. Implicit propaganda is generally more effective, because it’s less obvious and more difficult to counter. When they launched the “counterculture revolution” on America s college and university campuses 40 years ago,
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
11
Some Whites have been utterly corrupted by the Jewish countercultural revolution. The'parents of these girls are Rastafarians and the girls are smoking marijuana with their full consent:
however, they came out of the closet. They denounced any sort of discipline or self-restraint in quite explicit terms. The assault on discipline was just one front in a Jewish war against everything traditional. The aim was not only to turn Gentile students against authority and to get them to abandon their own standard of conduct: it was to turn the whole Gentile world upside down.
At the same time that discipline was denounced explicidy as “Nazi,” there were assaults on so-called “racism” and “sexism” and traditional morality and traditional standards of civility and decorum and grooming. There were demands for more Black students to be recruited and more Black professors to be hired, regardless of qualifications; for women to be treated like men; for coed dormitories; for an end to the emphasis on Western, that is, on White civilization, which was denounced as racist and sexist. It was the beginning of Political Correctness: Whites are bad, Blacks are good; heterosexual men ate suspect, women and gay men are okay; discipline and self-restraint are stuffy and old-fashioned, whereas licentiousness, incontinence, and wantonness are “cool.” Fidel Castro, Che Guevara, Ho Chi Minh, Eld-ridge Cleaver, and Malcolm X became campus heroes and role models.
The amazing thing is that the Jews were able to persuade not only homosexuals and feminists and non-Whites to go along with their crusade against traditional Gentile society; they also were able to persuade heterosexual White men and women. Clearly, there already was a good deal of softness in our society, especially at our universities.
Many groups were behind the crusade against discipline, but no one expressed its spirit better than the two Jewish youth activists, Jerry Rubin and Abbie Hoffman, leaders of the Youth International Party, or “yip-pies” for short. These two Jews probably got as much media publicity as all the other counterculture revolutionaries together. Rubin’s book, Do It!, was published in 1970 by the Jewish publisher Simon and Schuster, which is owned by multibillionaire Jewish media boss Sumner Redstone, who also owns MTV and CBS, among other media. You can find Rubin’s book in nearly every public and uni-
versity library, and it would do you good to read it, but I’ll read you just a few excerpts now, in which Rubin explains what the Jewish counterculture revolution is all about. And I apologize ahead of time for the obscene language. Part of the Jewish strategy was to break down all the traditional standards of behavior and discourse and to make civility and polite language seem old-fashioned.
Puritanism leads us to Vietnam. Sexual insecurity results in a supermasculinity trip called imperialism. Amerikan foreign policy especially in Vietnam, makes no sense except sexually. Amerika has a frustrated penis, trying to drive itself into Vietnam's tiny slit to prove it is The Man. The revolution declares war on Original Sin, the dictatorship of parents over tneir kids, Christian morality, capitalism, and supermasculinity trips....
Our tactic is to send niggers and longhair scum invading white middle-class homes, fucking on the living room floor, crashing on the chandeliers, spewing sperm on the Jesus pictures, breaking the furniture, and smashing Sunday school napalm-blood Amerika forever.
We will do whatever is forbidden. We will outrage Amerika until the bourgeoisie dies of apoplexy. We will turn Amerika's colleges into nudist camps.
Rubin says much more for example, he tells his young readers that they should kill their parents because
parents are repressive and . keep the kids from doing what they want to do, and he always spells “America” and “American” with a “k” instead of a “c” in order to suggest a German and therefore a Nazi flavor. He ends his book with the counterculture manifesto:
At community meetings all over the land. Bob Dylan will replace the National Anthem. There will be no .more jails, courts, or police. The White House will become a crash pad for anybody without a lace to stay in Washington. The world will ecome one big commune with free food and housing, everything shared. All watches and clocks will be destroyed. Barbers will go to rehabilitation camps, where they will grow their hair long. There will be no sucn crime as "stealing" because everything will be free. The Pentagon will be replaced by an LSD experimental farm. There will be no more schools or churches because the entire world will become one church and school. People will farm in the morning, make music in the afternoon, and fuck whenever they want to.
Again, I apologize for the language, but I really wanted you .to get the flavor of what the Jews were pushing on our university campuses. I was there at the time, as a professor. The kids were absorbing the Jews’ propaganda, and most of the parents were too busy with their own affairs to pay
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
12
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
attention. Books such as Do It! were very widely read, and despite the childish phrasing and shock-effect style were taken seriously by millions of young, White Americans, just as was the Jewish singer Bob Zimmerman, who used the name Bob Dylan.
Although Rubin and Hoffman and the other Jews on our campuses went further and expressed things more brazenly and more crudely than the mainstream media, the mainstream media supported them, as witnessed, for example, by Simon and Schuster’s publication and distribution of Rubin’s book. All of the Jews in the media were peddling the same poison, just packaged differendy for different segments of our population. And very few people who knew better were willing to speak out against what was happening, from fear of being denounced as “anti-Semitic” or “racist.” The people who knew better also had become too soft and too lacking in self-discipline.
Certainly, we ourselves are to be blamed for failing to structure our
society in a way to keep ourselves disciplined as our technological advances freed us from natural disciplinary pressures. The attitude in America during the past few generations has been, “I want my children to have an easier life than I had, a softer life.” The attitude instead should have been, “It is my responsibility to ensure that my children grow up to be strong, self-disciplined men and women.” And we should have structured our schools and other institutions, and our child-raising practices, accordingly. But we didn’t. And because we didn’t, we have a generation of White Americans who are softer and flabbier mentally, morally, and physically than we had two generations ago.
In addition to this huge mistake on our part, however, we made the even bigger mistake of permitting Jews to infiltrate our society and to take over virtually all of our mass media of news and entertainment, which in the television age are able to determine what most of our people think. And the Jews have used their control of the
When Unreason
In the 19n century, in 1865, an Englishman, using the pen name Lewis Carroll, wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, in which he described a number of events in a fantastic dreamworld. The characters in this dreamworld behaved in erratic and irrational ways. In Wonderland, things just didn’t make sense. That’s the way many things are in our world today. They just don’t make sense. Our society seems to be operating according to some very badly flawed logic. The behavior of public officials and private citizens alike is often irrational: far more often than it should be or than it has been in healthier times. Let me give you some examples.
The members of my organization, the National Alliance, distribute much printed material to the general public. Every day, National Alliance members are handing out leaflets at shopping malls, or posting stickers on bulletin boards or power poles or construction fences, or tossing packets of informational material on front porches in residential neighborhoods.
Some of the material that we distribute contains figures on race and crime, which we obtain from the Department of Justice in Washington, or on race and HIV infection rates, which we obtain from the government’s Centers for Disease Control in Adanta. This material is designed to inform the reader on matters that we believe are important. Other material that we hand out or post in public places has only a very brief and simple message intended to put open-minded and responsible people in touch with us. An example of this material is a sticker that says simply: “Earth’s most endangered species, the White race help preserve it.” That’s all, and then it gives a contact address for the National Alliance.
None of our material is insulting or derogatory or threatening. It’s not intended to offend anyone or to generate any sort of hostility. It’s intended only to inform people and to put them in contact with us. And it does put many people in touch with us. But the reaction from the mainstream news media and from people who are
media to exacerbate the indiscipline resulting from our own laxity. They have done everything they could to make us even softer and flabbier and therefore less willing and less able to resist their further encroachments.
Nature does not for long tolerate softness and indiscipline in man or in beast. Either we will free ourselves from Jewish influence and then restructure our society so as to make our race fit once again, or we will cease to exist as a race. This is a fact of life, and it is a fact that justifies whatever means are necessary, even the bloodiest and most radical means, to bring our people once again to moral health.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Self-Discipline and Moral Health,” aired on September 1, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from. National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
Rules
direedy dependent on the good graces of the news media — politicians and bureaucrats, for example — the reaction is really Alice in Wonderland stuff. Every time they see one of our “Earth’s most endangered species” stickers they become semi-hysterical and denounce it as “hate” literature. Really. To them the message “help preserve the White race” is “hate.” I’m quite serious. It’s not just a few unstable media people who react in this way. They all do it. They all denounce that message as “hate.” And of course, so do all of the people in public office who feel that they must stay in the good graces of the mass media.
And they react similarly to our informational material on racial crime and AIDS statistics. If one of our leaf' lets points out that the Justice Department’s crime data show that a White person is 55 times as likely to be assaulted by a Black as a Black is to be assaulted by a White, the media people go berserk and begin shrieking “hate!” “hate!” And they are echoed by the politicians and the bureaucrats,
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
The real word is beginning more and more to resemble the world of absurdity presented in Alice in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll.
disseminated; it’s also their management of the news: their deliberate exaggeration of every White offense against a non-White and the minimizing or suppression of every non-White offense against Whites. I’ve certainly given you plenty of examples of the latter in recent broadcasts: their total blackout of news on last December’s Wichita massacre, the nonreporting of what is happening to White people in Rhodesia and South Africa today.
Well, we all understand their reasons for the way they distort and censor the news: the media people are totally committed to the concepts of egalitarianism and multiculturalism. They want everyone else to be totally
committed to these things also. In fact, they insist on it. So whenever any evidence appears that Blacks and Whites really aren’t the same, that there are profound psychological and behavioral differences, as manifested in the much higher rate of criminal activity among Blacks, for example; or that there are significant physiological differences, as manifested in a much higher susceptibility to infection by HIV, then this evidence must be concealed. If it can’t be concealed, then it must be explained away.
How do you explain away the criminal behavior of Blacks? It’s difficult, so you confuse the issue. Every time a White commits a crirpe against a Black you raise an enormous hulla-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro | WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
13
including local police officials, who already know that the data are factual. They also know that this information is never supposed to be mentioned in public. The public is not supposed to hear about them.
One of our leaflets cites data from the government’s Centers for Disease Control to show that a heterosexual Black male is 14 times as likely as a heterosexual White male to be infected with HIV. Actually, that figure is several years old, and the ratio of Black to White infection rates has been increasing. The actual figure today is more than 15: a heterosexual Black male in the United States is more than 15 times as likely as a heterosexual White male to be infected with the AIDS-causing virus. The aim of this leaflet is to make White women aware of their much, much greater risk of catching AIDS if they have sexual contact with a Black. But the mainstream news media, all of them, denounce this informational material of ours as “hateful” and “racist” every time we distribute it in a community to any significant extent. And public officials regularly join their hysterical chorus of name-calling. Local police chiefs refer to our AIDS informational material as “hate literature” and lament the fact that there is no law against it.
This is Alice in Wonderland behavior. I mean, the news media are supposed to keep the public informed about significant matters of public interest. They’re not supposed to try to keep the public from hearing about any news, whether that news is agreeable or disagreeable. The police are supposed to protect the public from significant dangers. Does anyone really believe that racial crime data are not interesting to the public7 Does anyone really believe that warning the public about the danger of being infected with AIDS by having sexual contact with high-risk groups is not protecting the public? How can trying to keep the public from learning about the danger of AIDS infection possibly be compatible with the police mission of protecting the public?
But in feet the people who control the mainstream news media do try their best to keep you from hearing a lot of news. It’s not just their screaming bloody murder whenever they see one of my pamphlets or leaflets with information they don’t want
14
baloo and drown out all of the other news. If Whites are still concerned about Black criminality after that, you start beating the drums for reparations. You begin talking fast about how much Whites owe Blacks for two centuries of slavery. You try to make Whites feel guilty for not wanting to live with Blacks or to have their children go to school with Blacks. You trot out a few Christian preachers to give racial brotherhood sermons. You persuade the White public or, at least, the softer-headed Whites that if Whites will just be nicer to Blacks and will give them lots of reparations payments for slavery, then Blacks will stop raping, robbing, and killing Whites, and we all can live together in multicultural bliss and Whites won’t have to feel guilty any longer.
What about the much greater danger of our women coming down with AIDS if we let them consort with Blacks? What about that 15-to-one ratio between heterosexual Black males and heterosexual White males? Well, you simply deny it. You say that it isn’t true, that the statistics from the Centers for Disease Control are misrepresented, and you count on most of the public being too lazy or too inept to look into the matter for themselves. And of course, you scream about “hate” and “racism,” and you trot out the Christian preachers again for more sermons on racial brotherhood and togetherness. And you give a big play to all of the new films coming out of Hollywood in which the White heroine beds down with a Black and doesn't catch AIDS as a consequence. You make interracial sex seem not only safe but also fashionable. And you never stop screaming that anyone who tries to persuade the public that sex with Blacks is risky is a “hater” and a “White supremacist” and a “neo-Nazi.” These tactics of denial and obfuscation and name-calling and guilt mongering generally work because the people who know better — the medial researchers and the officials at the Centers for Disease Control — will keep their mouths shut rather than risk being labeled “haters” themselves.
One other thing you do, just to be sure, is try to persuade the public that it may be illegal for us to distribute crime statistics from the Justice Department or racial infection rates from the Centers for Disease Control.
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
It may even be illegal for members of the public to receive this information from us. They may get themselves into some kind of trouble if they accept a leaflet from us in a shopping mall or find a package of informational material from us on the front porch. You don’t want to come right out and say it’s illegal, because ysu run the danger of discrediting yourself. So instead you trot out a politically ambitious chief of police to announce sternly that he is investigating the distribution of “hate material” and that he has instructed his officers to be on the lookout for whoever is distributing it.
Then you send out reporters to interview a few Nervous Nellies and self-righteous soccer moms who will say how shocked and horrified they are that “hate” has raised its ugly head in their peaceful community. You quote one of them saying she is saddened that in the 21st century there still are bigoted people who have not accepted equality and multicultural-ism. And you report that a team of police officers is going door-to-door collecting the material that was distributed before it disturbs more citizens. All of this usually is enough to convince at least the dimwits in the community that there is something dangerous and threatening about anyone who tries to distribute material that calls into question the equality of the races or the desirability of more multiculturalism. If one of these more impressionable citizens sees one of us coming, he’ll run for cover and dial
911.
This is nuts. It’s crazy. Really, the Mad Hatter and the March Hare and the Queen of Hearts in Wonderland behaved more rationally than the media people and police officials and many members of the White public in America behave today. What sort of nightmare world are we living in, where the people who are supposed to keep us informed instead deliberately misinform us about some of the most important things happening to us and try to keep us ignorant and confused, and the people who are supposed to protect us collaborate with those who misinform us in order to keep us from being warned about some of the greatest dangers feeing us? And a great many members of the public themselves don’t behave much
better. I mean, really, isn’t that Alice in Wonderland stuff?
How does a race that has sent men to the Moon get away with such wacky behavior here on Earth? Do you really want to know? The answer is rather depressing, but I’ll tell you anyway.
In the first place, the general public always has been a bit wacky and inclined to irrational behavior. The average citizen always has been ready to believe in witchcraft or miracles and to go see witches burned in the town square or watch in awe as some statue is persuaded by a priest to weep “real” tears. He’s always been ready to believe things that his own eyes and a little common sense should tell- him are not true. I’ve talked to World War II veterans who were persuaded 60 years ago by the news media that Adolf Hider was getting ready to invade America, and we had to invade Europe in order to stop him, and they still believe that if we hadn’t teamed up with the Soviet Union to smash Germany and force half of Europe under the communist yoke, the German Army would have invaded the United States, and we’d all be in concentration camps now.
I spoke with other people just a couple of years ago who really believed that at midnight on December 31, 1999, airliners would fall from the sky and elevators all over the world would stop working. I laughed at their claims that there would be chaos on New Year’s Day 2000 and then explained to them why they were wrong and that the whole Y2K hoax was being promoted by hucksters who had something to sell. Then they became hostile and accused me of working for the enemies of America because I encouraged people not to waste time and money preparing for what they claimed was the imminent Y2K disaster.
And I’ve spoken with even more people who have let themselves be persuaded that there really is no difference between the races and that anyone who does not profess such a belief is a “hater.” The great mass of our people always have been like that: ready to swallow every hoax and swindle that comes along, if it is being promoted by clever enough snake-oil salesmen, and certainly the people who control America s mass media are clever. The soccer moms and the
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 2001
15
Dudley Dorights who profess them' selves shocked and horrified when they see a flyer with crime statistics or HIV infection statistics suggesting that Blacks and Whites really are quite different, these people are just the 21st
century version of the 19"1 century types who were shocked and horrified that anyone would deny the creation myth in the Book of Genesis and of
the 16th century types who were shocked and horrified that anyone would assert that the Earth is not the center of the universe.
As I said, wacky attitudes and behavior are nothing new for the general public. In good times, the public was fortunate enough to have strong and benevolent leadership by individuals not subject to the general wackiness: strong enough to crack heads in order to keep the snake-oil salesmen from taking excessive advantage of the public’s gullibility and benevolent enough to provide a positive example and protection for those members of the public independent-minded enough to free themselves from the reigning superstition. In bad times, the snake-oil peddlers were in the ascendancy, and witches that is, those citizens who seemed reluctant to participate in the general wackiness, were burned by the thousands.
Today the snakeoil salesmen definitely are riding high. At the moment, they do not have the power to consign heretics and skeptics to the torture chamber and then burn them at the stake, but the people who should be our leaders and who should keep the snake-oil salesmen in check, the people who are rational by nature and who hardly should be expected to have been taken in by the foolish notions that the races are equal in capability and identical in nature, and that multiculturalism is a desirable
state of affairs, these leaders are going along with the snake-oil salesmen.
In past centuries the leaders might be forgiven for permitting the snake-oil salesmen to operate. The snake oil, by providing behavioral and ideological guidelines for the masses, whether those guidelines were entirely rational or not, kept them out of trouble, kept them from becoming restless, and allowed the leaders to go about their more enlightened affairs without having to crack the whip over the mass of citizens. Today the foolishness of egalitarianism and multiculturalism certainly are not keeping the masses out of trouble; they are carrying the whole society, the whole race, lemmings and leaders alike, to disaster.
Why are the leaders of our society the intellectual leaders, the business leaders, the military leaders, the political leaders all collaborating with the snake-oil peddlers and behaving as irrationally as the Duchess and her household retainers behaved in Alice’s nightmare world of Wonderland?
I could talk for a week about that, but the short answer is that our society today is more corrupt than it has been in centuries. The corruption has spread to every level. Greed and cowardice have infected the White leadership stratum as much as the masses. There used to be some aristocratic qualities in our leaders: a bit of pride and dignity. Today they all are very democratic and don’t mind making fools of themselves and behaving like the characters in Alice’s nightmare, as long as they can hang onto their wealth and privileges.
Actually, there’s more to it. In past centuries the snake-oil peddlers could wave their holy water around and threaten hellfire and damnation, but that frightened only the dimwits. Today, the snake-oil salesmen can
wave fists full of money and threaten to cut off credit and impose boycotts and withhold government contracts, and that frightens all too many of those who should be leaders. Furthermore, through the process of democracy, the snake-oilers have brought the government under their spell and are able to use the power of government to intimidate leaders, who as a class are more easily intimidated today than in the past.
Finally, things really are more difficult and discouraging than they used to be. If I were a university president or a general in the Army or the chairman of a big multinational corporation or a U.S. senator, I’d be very discouraged about trying to fix things by working within the system and according to the rules. And even when one contemplates breaking the rules, things don’t seem very promising. If I were a top general contemplating a military coup, I’d be very discouraged by the fact that the patriotism and the sense of personal honor that used to be taken for granted among my fellow officers are mosdy gone now. What other generals could I trust? The corruption has spread too far. Better, perhaps, to just continue parroting the same irrational, Alice in Wonderland nonsense as everyone else. When everyone is acting like a fool, then one’s own foolishness is not so likely to cause embarrassment.
Well, that’s one way of looking at the nonsensical nature of our society today and the irrational behavior of so many of our people. As for me, I believe that it’s not half so important to make excuses for it or explain it, as it is to simply to recognize that it is terminally corrupt and is carrying us all to our destruction and. then to begin dealing with it as such. It has become a bit late for the easy ways for the electoral solutions and the military coups, and so we’d better be thinking about the hard ways, the radical ways, the total ways, and we’d better be thinking about them now.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “When Unreason Rules,” aired oh September 8, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
Subscribe to FREE SPEECH
Send $40.00, your name and address, and a note saying: “I want to subscribe to FREE SPEECH” to the address on the bottom of this page. Please remember to write clearly.
Your subscription helps to keep AMERICAN DISSIDENT VOICES on the air.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year