Free
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. — John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • AUGUST 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO.
VIII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America's only uncensored patriotic radio' program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the
<H n 11H---------2 ... ± j *
_ —	—o—	—rj	i——	i'*) wfico voi me same issue) for
$10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First
Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH

Black Is Good; White Is Bad
me William Pierce




tee of
Ithe BeanSI


s»
faielRlbes Adfc
■I	If'	T	iH
■l



■H&rnies
r. William PierJ«B I
mm



lBe»*wish Mob) in America

Black Is Good; White Is Bad
Today let’s talk a little about the mass sexual assaults on White women by Blacks and Puerto Ricans that occurred in New York City a little less than two weeks ago. The assaults were on the Sunday before last: June 11, which in New York is officially Puerto Rican Day. And I should tell you that that fact alone dampens my sympathy for the victims right from the start. It’s hard to feel sorry for anyone who would choose to live in a place that has an official Puerto Rican Day.
1 don’t know what your image of Puerto Ricans is. I believe that for most Americans it’s a smiling, brown face serving them some sort of iced beverage with rum while they are relaxing under a beach umbrella. That’s the average soccer-mom's image, which she acquired from watching those television commercials for Caribbean cruises. Whites who live in New York and have to deal with Puerto Ricans on a continuing
basis have a different image: they call them “cockroaches,” “cucarachas.” They are the ghasdy result of crossbreeding Caribbean Indians, Blacks, and an especially low grade of White trash and teaching their mongrel offspring to speak Spanish — of a sort. They are probably the most unsavory ethnic group in the very unsavory stew of ethnic groups which is New York City.
About the only good thing that can be said for the Puerto Ricans is
**-

|	' -	  P_
N A T I ON A
PUERTO
RICAN
% DAY r\
PA R A D E
I
'tv* ^ X	, .XV •• *
that they have set off a lot of bombs in various U.S. government offices over the years, and on one occasion they launched an assault on the U.S. Congress and shot half a dozen congressmen. They also made a reasonably creditable — but unfortunately unsuccessful — assassination attempt against President Harry Truman in 1950. But these valiant acts were carried out by an almost-White Puerto Rican elite and hardly compensate for the worthlessness of the average Puerto Rican.
After Puerto Ricans in New York’s Central Park sexually assaulted approximately 50 White women — plus a couple of non-White women — following the Puerto Rican Day parade on June 11, everyone was looking for someone to blame. The first thing the media and the politicians had to say about that is, “Don’t blame the Puerto Ricans! It wasn’t a racial thing! The victims were of all races.”
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
Well, while it is technically correct that not every single victim was White, anyone watching films of the attacks can easily see that nearly all of them were — while all of the attackers were non-Whites. The rampaging mob really wasn’t interested in Black and Puerto Rican women, and so non-White women who were in the area managed to scurry out of harm’s way, while the mob of Puerto Ricans and Blacks deliberately singled out White women — and White girls as young as 14 — ripping off their clothes, squeezing their breasts, and thrusting their fingers deep into their genitalia. White men who accompanied some of the women were held and forced to watch while the non-Whites brutalized and humiliated their women. Despite the fact that nearly all the victims were White, the news story on the assaults in this
week’s issue of Gerald Levin’s Time magazine pictured both of the two Black victims, including one with per-oxided orange hair. The aim clearly was to create the impression that at least half the victims were Black. The story in this week’s issue of Katherine Meyer Graham’s Newsweek magazine had a photograph of one of the two Black victims.
Some of the women blamed the police, who ignored the victims when they pleaded for help. There were rumors that the politicians had ordered the police not to arrest or harass the Puerto Ricans, lest they riot I’m inclined to say, well, that’s life in the Great Satan these days. What do you expect7
But many people are acting surprised by the sexual assaults and the reports that the police refused to intervene. The media and the politicians
have been telling them that the rate in New York is going down: fe have been boasting that the experiment in multicultural living i8 succeeding. And now this! What nasty surprise! That’s like a family liv. ing in a cockroach-infested apartment The family is too lazy or too preoccupied with other things to clean up the apartment and get rid of the cockroaches. They have heard rumors that cockroaches spread disease, but every-one still seems healthy, so they just discount the rumors, ignore the cockroaches, and continue watching their ball games on TV. Then they start getting sick. I’m not surprised. Are you surprised?
I’ll tell you what does surprise me, and that’s the fact that the Puerto Rican Day assaults have gotten any media coverage at all. This is the sort of thing that the controlled media nearly always take great pains to ignore. They don’t want to confuse the lemmings, who have been taught that multiculturalism is the most wonderful development since the wheel. It makes me suspect that one of the women who had her genitalia probed by the subhumans in Central Park knows somebody who was willing and able to raise a fuss.
Certainly, these mass assaults on White women by our colored bothers generally are ignored successfully. Two moths ago, for example, Black college students had their so-called Black Springbreak 2000” celebration in Biloxi, Mississippi. Approximately 20,000 young Blacks congregated in the Biloxi and Gulfport area, generally behaving as we expect 20,000 young Blacks to behave when they have the local law enforcement agencies overwhelmed. They ate in restaurants and walked out without paying. They smashed up convenience stores when the storekeepers ran out of beer. One unhappy White storekeeper complained, “My bathrooms are ruined. I didn’t believe people could be so mean and ugly.” Well, I hope you believe it now. Other Whites were shocked to see Blacks pulling down their pants and relieving themselves on the sidewalks.
’ The real Black behavior, however, manifested itself when White women and girls who didn’t have the sense to stay indoors - or in some cases were
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
3
caught going to or from their places of employment — were spotted by the Blacks. The cry would go up: “There’s a White girl. Get her!” Then exactly the same thing would happen that happened in Central Park. The unfortunate White girl would be mobbed by Blacks, her clothes would be ripped from her body, and she would be fondled and probed while other Blacks gleefully watched and videotaped her humiliation. There were even photographs in the local newspapers of stripped White girls running from the mob and trying to cover their nakedness with their hands while the Blacks leered at them and made obscene gestures. But these Mississippi newspapers, just like those in New York, carefully avoided describing what happened in racial terms.
Well, that’s certainly not the Mississippi I remember from the days when I was an undergraduate. In those days if a mob of Blacks had assaulted White women the way they did two months ago, not one would have left Biloxi alive. Roadblocks would have been set up to keep them from fleeing, and they would have been hunted down and killed to the last Black- The police would be manning the roadblocks and helping to provide the firepower. But you know, Mississippi is part of the so-called “New South” these days, where Blacks not only can get away with that sort of behavior, but the politicians and the media make excuses for them and cover for them.
Well anyway, my point was that you didn’t hear about what happened in Biloxi two months ago unless you happen to live there. I got my information from the Gulfport, Mississippi, Sun Herald, but it certainly wasn’t in the Washington Post or the New York Times. Most such incidents are successfully covered up by the national media. The incidents this month in Central Park are the rare exceptions to the rule.
So who is to blame for this situation? Well, the soccer moms undoubtedly will find some small flaw in the system to blame, some minor breakdown in the system which is supposed to permit them to live in the multicultural jungle that America has become without being assaulted by
the animals who also live in the jungle. They want to put a Band-Aid on the system — perhaps fire some lower-level police official — and then have things continue as before but without the assaults. They want to be able to stroll through Central Park on Sunday afternoons, with subhuman animals all around them and still be perfectly safe. They are out of touch with reality. Reality is that if you insist on living in a jungle, then you should expect to be eaten.
Reality is that Whites and non-Whites are different. To Blacks and Puerto Ricans, grabbing a woman in public and ripping her clothes off is no big deal. Rape is no big deal either. Blacks really don’t understand why Whites take rape so seriously. In the Third World rape is a macho thing. Young men do it and get away with it. And of course, as we bring more and more non-Whites into the United States, we must expect to see more and more of the sort of behavior we saw in Biloxi and in Central Parle And it’s not just the non-Whites. In fact, already White behavior also is moving in that direction. The Jewish mass media already have pounded the notion into the heat ds of the lemmings and the college girls of both sexes that whatever is Black is
K' »
good, that Blacks and Puerto Ricanfr and Mexicans may have cultures anct' lifestyles different from ours, bu§* really, theirs are better than oursfe cleaner and greener and wiser anti less offensive than ours, nicer thai ours. The same sort of destructive nonsense is being taught in many of" our public schools and in our colleges and universities.
I’m sure you’ve heard this “Black is better” party line yourself often enough, but I’ll read you a couple of paragraphs from a letter I received ar few days ago from a woman who pro> vides a perfect example of just what I’ve been talking about. This particular soccer mom, who goes by the name Cherylynn Hoff, apparently listened to one of my broadcasts, didn’t like it, and decided to tell me how displeased she is with my Political Incorrectness. Ms. Hoff writes:
I am an educated, upper-middle class "White" woman of wholly "European" descent, the kind of person you wish to recruit. Your attitudes and beliefs, beyond embarrassing me, highly offend me. I'd like to know what maxes you feel you are, in any way, "better" than anyone else.
“Better” seems to be a word Ms. Hoff finds offensive, because she encloses it in quotation marks. Actually, there are a number of words in
H 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
her letter in quotation marks — the word “European,” for example — and I suspect that these are words she has been conditioned to feel uncomfortable about Ms. Hoff continues:
First of all, in terms of protecting our territory from non-Whites, you must remember that your 'European' heritage indicates that you are culturally and racially from Europe, not from the Americas. Tile Europeans came and exploited and abused this good American land and its native peoples, who have traditionally held beliefs and practices of deep respect for the land and Nature, the kind of knowledge and respect that hundreds of thousands of well educated, upper-middle class
Suspects in the Central Park attacks
White people are paying big bucks to learn at seminars, retreats, and alternative education programs. Why? Because White Europeans, while having the market cornered in terms of aggression, control, and manipulation, have missed the boat in terms of spiritual values that honor and respect the beautiful earth and the beautiful creatures that Great Mother Earth has created for us__
It is Whites who brought the Blacks here — as slaves. They did not come of their own volition. They were stolen by force from their tribal structure, the attributes of which you obviously have no knowledge or basis for understanding. Go educate yourself, darling, about the value of elder wisdom as passed to indigenous
youth through traditional tribal rites of passage, and you will find a structure desperately missing and much needed in the depravity of White America. Your ignorance and lack of capacity to appreciate what you can learn from indigenous cultural structures are, beyond embarrassing, obviously extremely dangerous. Gunpowder, arms, egoism, and a drive to control, manipulate, and destroy are not qualities of which to be proud. Yes, they helped Whites get on top for a minute period of this earth's long history, but they are not qualities that will enable Whites to endure tneir deluded brand of supremacy. The natural order will take place, and people like you will fade away under the patchwork of multiethnicity and interbreeding, fight as you may in an unattractive quandary of fear and hatred. You live in fear and thus are fighting a losing battle. I can bet hands down that many of your members cannot hold a candle to the many intelligent, beautiful, talented, well educated, loving people that I am blessed to have in my lire who come from a variety of different ethnicities and cultures.... Frankly, I don't want more people like you on this earth. The contributions my friends of color and my friends of same-sexed sexual orientation have made to our society are vast..
Well, you know, I didn’t choose that letter to read to you for its brilliance, but because it is typical of a mind-set which unfortunately is very common among White Americans, not only among women but also among feminized men, who like to think of themselves as educated. And in a superficial sense they are educated, in that they have passed through one of the institutions pretending to be universities in America these days. When Bill Clinton speaks to university audiences about the fact that Whites are rapidly approaching
The victim of one of the attacks as filmed by an attacker
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
5
More suspects
minority status in America, it is women like Ms. Hoff — and their male counterparts — who applaud. They really have been trained to hate their own race, their own civilization, their own traditions.
Black is good, White is bad. That sounds pretty simpleminded, but in essence that is what people like Ms. Hoff have been taught. An ironic aspect of this situation is that these people have an instinctive realization that American society is in a terminal state of decay — Ms. Hoff refers to it as “the depravity of White America” — but when they go looking for solutions, the Jews, wearing their “New Age” guru hats, are waiting for them at the ticket booth, ready to take their money and stuff them full of even more baloney about “indigenous cultural structures” and the wonders of the colored brother in “seminars, retreats, alternative education programs,” and the rest of the New Age brainwashing apparatus.
One of the standard features of such seminars, retreats, and so on is the claim that Blacks and so-called “Native Americans” are much more sensitive to environmental problems than we are. White heterosexual males are obsessed with gunpowder and destruction, while people of color are born environmentalists. That’s about as blatant a falsehood as you’ll find among all of the New Age hocus pocus. Take a look sometime at the membership of serious environmental groups such as the Sierra Club. You’ll have a hard time spotting a non-White face among them. Really, they
would like nothing better than to have more “diversity” in their ranks, but the non-Whites just aren’t interested. To Blacks and Mexicans environmentalists are crazy to be concerned about things like trees and whales.
Take a look at conditions on any Indian reservation. They don’t spread their trash around like that because the White man forces them to. They do it because they don’t understand why they shouldn’t. When Europeans began arriving here in substantial numbers more than 400 years ago, the only reason the Indians hadn’t made much of an impact on the land was that they had only a Stone Age culture. They were still hunters and gatherers, without the know-how to sustain more than a very sparse population. If the Indians had had steel tools and gunpowder and machinery, there wouldn’t have been a buffalo or a tree left by the time the Whites arrived. And there wouldn’t be an environmentalist movement today were it not for the White people who are concerned enough about the environment to devote their time and money to trying to preserve it. Unfortunately, not every White person shares that concern — many care as little about Nature as the Blacks and Indians do — but it is only among Whites that there is any concern at all.
Anyway, back to Biloxi and Central Park. I always trv to be completely frank with you, and so I should tell you that I rejoice whenever something like that happens. It makes me feel good to see even a very minor riot like the one earlier this week in Los Ange-
les. Of course, I am very sorry that many of the women who are raped or humiliated are completely innocent. It is a very rough educational experience for them. It’s too bad that the women who are victimized when the Blacks revert to their jungle behavior can’t all be Cherylynn Hoffs.
You know, I used to think that a good, brutal gang-rape by Blacks or Puerto Ricans would straighten out the thinking of someone like Ms. Hoff in a hurry. I don’t believe that any longer, though. I’ve seen too many examples of just how strong a grip Political Correctness has on such people. They would rather die — really, they would rather die — than be Politically Incorrect, than be thought to have an unfashionable opinion. By the time Cherylynn was out of the hospital she would have figured out how what had happened to her was entirely the fault of heterosexual White males. Such people can be cured, but it’ll take more than a gang-rape. To make the lemmings change course will take a scientifically designed program of mass conditioning of the sort the Jews have used to get them moving in their present direction.
Nevertheless, I still welcome these demonstrations of indigenous tribal exuberance such as we saw in Biloxi and Central Park. They may do nothing for Cherylynn Hoff, who will continue hoping for the extinction of the White race so she won’t feel guilty or embarrassed any longer, but there are many other White women — and White men too — who are capable of learning something from these demonstrations. They need to learn a lot, while there still are enough of us to
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
A victim of the attacks being interviewed
do something about the course of events. .	_______________
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program Black Is Good; White Is Bad,” aired on June 24, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 post-paid.
Another victim being interviewed about the attacks.
The Nature of the Beast
Last week we spoke about the crowing trade in White sex slaves in Israel and the reaction — or lack of reaction — to that trade in America. I read to you from the June 16 edition of one of Israel’s major newspapers, the Jerusalem Post, in which two Israeli feminists reported on the luring of Gentile girls from Russia, Ukraine, Latvia, Hungary, and other eastern European countries to Israel with the false promise of high-paying jobs as secretaries or teachers ana then the grabbing of these girls by Jewish slave dealers as soon as they land in Israel. The girls are raped, beaten, and terrorized by the Jewish slave dealers to make them compliant, and then they are auctioned to the owners of brothels and sex clubs, where they are kept in locked apartments ana forced to work as prostitutes. The Jerusalem Post article also imported that the reason Israel is the (center of the international trade in White female slaves is that in Israel it is perfectly legal to buy and sell human beings and to own slaves, provided they are not Jews.
And we spoke about the fact that Americans still support the state of Israel with billions of dollars in military and financial aid every year, and we still behave as if the attempt by the Germans 60 years ago to rid their country of Jewish influence — the so-called “Holocaust” — was the most terrible crime in the history of the world. Our news media here still refer to the slave state of Israel as a “bastion of freedom and democracy” in the Middle East Our President welcomes the prime minister of Israel at the White House with open arms, instead of sending our Navy to the pastern Mediterranean to blitz Tel Aviv with cruise missiles and smart bombs until the Jews free all their White sex slaves and permit an army
of United Nations “peacekeepers” to occupy Israel so that country can be taught that slavery is a “no, no.”
Why is that7 Why are Jews not held to the same standards as other people? Indeed, I received some reactions from listeners to last week’s broadcast who told me that Jews cannot be held to normal standards of behavior because they are “God’s people” — did you get that?: “God’s people” — and it is wicked to criticize them: it says so right in the Bible, these listeners told me.
Our first tendency might be to dismiss such listeners as hopelessly primitive Bible-thumpers. Why should we take seriously any White erson who believes literally and lets imself be governed by the Jews’ own collection of superstition, myth, and pseudo-history? Well, one reason for taking the thumpers seriously is that, unfortunately, there still are a lot of them out there — and many of them, aside from their habit of Bible thumping, are not really bad people. They have been deluded by preachers and churches; they have had a lot of nonsense pounded into their heads when they were young. But really, are people who believe that the universe was created in six days and that the Jewish fortune teller Isaiah was able to make the sun reverse its course across the sky — are they any more ignorant or gullible than people who maintain that the only difference between Whites and Blacks is the color of their skin? Is the religion of the Bible worse than the religion of egalitarianism, the TV religion?
A better reason for listening to the thumpers is that they have a good point: a point that is relevant to our own concern with the Jews. The Jews are the “chosen people,” the so-called “people of the Book. It s not just the more primitive Christian sects that
make that claim; it is the Jews themselves. That claim, in fact, is the fundament on which all of their religion, all of Judaism, is based, and it merits our serious consideration. We don’t have time on this program for a comprehensive study of the Bible, but I recommend strongly such a course of study to anyone who is seriously interested in the Jewish question.
We can note quickly a couple of things about the Jews’ Bible, however: about the Old Testament. It does condone slavery; it does condone the buying and selling of human beings. The Jewish god, Yahweh, or Jehovah, also sets his own stamp of approval on slavery in the Jews’ Bible; he gives specific instructions to the Jews on buying and selling slaves. Slavery, of course, was an institution practiced by others as well as the Jews during the period of the Old Testament, what makes it relevant to the subject under discussion here is that Judaism is the most conservative of religions practiced in the world today. The Jews always have regarded every word of their Bible as inerrant. For centuries their rabbis have quibbled legalisti-callv oyer the tiniest details, ana their quibbling is set down in the Talmud, to serve as a guide for all observant Jews today. Every comment in the Old Testament about diet or clothing or grooming is taken as a divine commandment, which must be obeyed today by Orthodox Jews.
The Jews have insisted that the Christians change their religion to suit the Jews, and the Christians have been disgustingly accommodating. The New Testament accounts of the crucifixion, for example, have been drastically reinterpreted to absolve the Jews of all blame. The New Testament describes the Jewish mob which handed Jesus over for crucifixion and then demanded that the crucifixion
© 2000 * National Vanguard Books • Box
330 ■ Hillsboro • WV	•	$40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
7
be carried out, threatening to riot and screaming that they and their descendants would take the blame. When the Roman official in charge wanted to acquit Jesus of the Jews’ charges against him, the Jews insisted that he be crucified and said, “His blood be on us and on our children.” But in modem times the Jews complained that this New Testament account had led Christians to hold a grudge against them. And so the Christian theologians and church officials got busy and announced that it wasn’t really the Jewish population of Jerusalem the New Testament was talking about in its accounts of the crucifixion — it isn’t the Jews who must bear guilt for the shedding of Jesus’ blood — it is all of humanity. That is the new interpretation.
And the rewriting of the account of the crucifixion is only one example of the ways in which die Christians , have changed their religion in a vain effort to please the Jews. As a general rule, whenever the Jews yell, “Jump!” every Christian leader, from the Pope down to the most primitive radio evangelist, immediately responds, “How high, sir.7”
But with the Jews it is quite different Nobody even asks them to change their religion in order to make it less offensive to Christians or Muslims or others. And the Jews wouldn’t dream of making any changes anyway. The interpretation in the Talmud is inerrant. If Yahweh told the children of Israel 4,000 years ago that it’s okay to buy and sell slaves, then it’s still okay today. And in the state of Israel today even the atheistic Jews in the government are very careful not to offend Orthodox Jews.
When the Romans conquered Gaul and Britain and parts or Germany, every Roman legion which marched north from Rome was followed by Jewish slave dealers, ready to buy from the Roman commanders their prisoners of war and the civilian inhabitants of conquered towns and villages. It wasn’t just that some of the slave dealers happened to be Jews; buying and selling slaves was almost a Jewish monopoly, to the extent that being in the fur business or being a diamond dealer in New York is a Jewish monopoly today. There’s no law against a Gentile setting up a shop on
New York’s 47 1 Street and buying and selling diamonds, but no Gentile in his right mind would consider doing that. The Jews would gang up on him and have him fleeced ana
Who is the “real” Jew? This friendly looking musician ...
bankrupted within a week. An so it was with the buying of captives from the Roman Army. Jews, in fact, like to boast that they have been in some parts of Germany longer than the Germans have been there. And that’s true to the extent that in the settlements that grew up around the permanent Roman camps along the Rhine and other places, the Jewish slave dealers had their own trading posts attached to the camps. When the Germans later forced the Romans out, some of the Jewish traders stayed.
A thousand years later the Jews still were buying and selling slaves in Europe to an extent which scandalized their Christian neighbors, resulting in a number of royal edicts during the Middle Ages prohibiting Jews from owning Christian slaves. After the discovery of the New World and the beginning of large-scale commerce in Black slaves between Africa and the West Indies, the Jews of the Netherlands — especially those who recendy had been expelled from Spain and Portugal — were quick to grab a substantial part of the commerce in Black flesh for themselves. They were well positioned to do so, because they were prominent among ship owners ana those already engaged in international trade.
My reason for making these historical and theological digressions is to establish the fact that slave dealing is sanctioned by both religion and tra-
dition among the Jews. They can’t get away with it in Europe or America these days, but in Israel, among themselves, they see no reason why they shouldn’t follow their natural inclinations. They must disguise those inclinations, of course. But disguise, deception, is something that also comes naturally. The Jews have a modus vivendi that really is unique among the races of man. For at least the last 2,600 years — that is, ever since the so-called “Babylonian captivity” — and perhaps even much earlier, the Jews nave striven to maintain their own separate identity and at the same time to live as a minority in non-Jewish societies. Other races have chosen one course or the other: either to be themselves, among their owh kind, or to lose their own identity anjd assimilate into another society. Tl\e Jews always have wanted to have it both ways, and their skill at disguise and deception has been essential ip the degree of success they have had. t
And that gets us to the question-I want to discuss with you today. What are the Jews really like? Which is die true Jew: is it the leering, hook-nosecl slave dealer in Tel Aviv who brutalizes our women because his religion anii the laws of his country permit him tb do so, or is it the sensitive, violin-playing philanthropist Jew presented to ils by Hollywood? More generally, is the real Jew the Israeli citizen who, white not a slave dealer himself, is comfortable with the traditions of his people and with the fact that his fellow JeWs are still in the slave business — or is It the friendly Jew who owns the clothing store at the mall where you shop and seems no more sinister than any other shop owner? Is it the alien-looking Orthodox Taimud-Jew, with hi's long sidelocks and yarmulke and black garb, that one sees in New York’s “diamond district,” or is it the normal-looking Jewish economics professor one had in college, who seemed like a nice guy?
Well, of course, the question is misleading. All of these Jews are “real Jews,” but no one of them has ail of the characteristics as an individual Jew that all of them together have. The fact is that there is quite a bit of diversity among the Jews. As an illustration of mis, in Israel today the Orthodox Jews — that is the Jews who take Judaism seriously — and the rest of the Jews are practically at war with each other over policy issues. The Orthodox Jews are actually burning down the synagogues of the non-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
... or this repulsive looking pimp?
Orthodox Jews. They are calling each other “Nazis.” The atheistic and other non-Orthodox Jews outnumber the Orthodox Jews in Israel, but the latter are more tightly organized and more fanatical. The point is that Jews do disagree on many things.
So is it at all meaningful to asso-date things such as the White slave trade in Israel or the promotion of interradai sex between Whites and non-Whites in America with the Jews as a whole?
And the answer to that question is yes. it is meaningful to assign certain characteristics to Jews as a whole — as a people, a race, a nation — and also to hold the whole Jewish people accountable for certain polides and certain actions: “His blood be on us and on our children.” That is something which has been understood for a long time, much longer than 2,000 years. Yet, a great many Americans today have been so confused by the brainwashing propaganda of the past few decades that they no longer understand it They think that it is a reasonable policy for newspapers not to mention the race of a criminal, for example, because to do so might prejudice people against Blacks. You might argue that if a Black rapist or a Black mugger is on the loose, our people should know about it, so that they can protect themselves. They should know what he looks like. Yet, the liberal will argue that since not all Blacks are rapists or muggers, it’s bad to mention the race of some who are, because that will cause our people to be wary of Blacks generally.
And of course that’s true. People do generalize. People do stereotype.
That’s why we’re still on this earth. It’s a survival trait Our ancestors a million years ago saw what happened when one of their people got bitten by a poisonous snake, and they began avoiding snakes generally, even though many snakes aren’t poisonous. Better to be safe than sorry, they thought, even though our bad opinion of snakes generally might not be justified. The white women who got stripped and probed by Blacks and Puerto Ricans in Central Park a little less than a month ago had failed to generalize. They had failed to conclude that it’s a good idea to stay away from any area with a high concentration of non-Whites, just because some non-Whites are like those they encountered in Central Park.
The Whites of Rhodesia also failed to generalize when they turned their country over to Black rule more than 20 years ago. Their politicians and their media people and their preachers said to mem, “All Blacks are not terrorists. There are many hard-working, law-abiding Blacks. The terrorists are only a minority. It will be ail right to let the Black majority rule our country, because they will keep the terrorists under control. It would be wrong to generalize about Blacks and Black-run countries. It would be racist.” And the Rhodesians believed their politicians and media people and preachers. They failed to look around them at the Black-ruled countries of Africa, every one of which is a pest-hole and a basket case. They failed to consider the lesson of history, to look at Black behavior generally over the centuries. They believed that it would be wicked of
them to come to a general conclusion about Blacks as a whole, as a race because not all Blacks are the same-some Blacks are not bad, and it would be uniust to lump them in with the rest by generalizing. And so now history is phasing out the White Rhodesians. They have proved themselves unfit to survive. Since Mugabe was reelected a few days ago the attacks on White farms and on White farm families have been stepped up. More and more of them are being forced off the farms they have owned for generations. Soon ail of them will be gone.
So now, why is it fair to lump the nice Jewish economics professor you had in college, the nice Jewish shop owner you know, together with Ehud Barak and Ariel Sharon and the White slave-owners of Israel? It is fair because if we fail to do it — if we fail • to draw correct conclusions about the Jews as a whole, as a people — we ourselves will not survive as a people. The Jewish shop owner, the Jewish professor, do not exist in a vacuum; they exist in an ethnic context. They are not simply individuals; they are members of a racial community, a national community. They are Jews, and that word has a real meaning for them. They are Jews whether they are religious or not, whether they ever have entered a synagogue or not. They are Jews whether they are in the White slave business in Israel or in the television business in America or simply shop owners or professors.
In Israel there are Jews who believe that permitting Israel to become the world center for the trade in White slaves was a tactical error that may end up costing the Jews as a whole more than it’s worth, just as there were some Jews in Germany before the Second World War who believed that the promotion of communism was a tactical error for the Jews as a whole and might end up costing the Jews as a whole more than they would gain from communism. But when it comes to making a choice, the Jewish shop owner and the Jewish professor will not turn against their own people just because they believe that the Jews’ trade in White slaves is a tactical error. The Jews in America overwhelmingly favored the bombing of Belgrade last year by Madeleine Albright in order to force the Serbs to be nice to the KLA terrorists who were trying to take over Serbia’s Kosovo province.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
9
But they would not favor bombing Tel Aviv to force the Israeli government to stop the Jewish trade in White slaves. The friendly Jewish shop owner and the nice Jewish professor overwhelmingly favored the sending of troops into Kosovo to force the Serbs into line with the New World Order, but I will guarantee you that they would not favor the sending of troops into Israel to break the Israeli Jews of some of their nasty habits — such as forcing Russian and Ukrainian and Latvian and Hungarian girls into prostitution — or torturing Palestinian prisoners or sending Mossad assassination teams into other countries to murder people the Jews don’t like by squirting poison into their ears or planting radio-controlled bombs in their telephones. No
In our last two broadcasts we have talked about the Jewish trade in White slaves and about why the Jews engage in such activity. Today we’ll expand that discussion to some related subjects.
First, however, let me tell you that after last week’s broadcast, just as after the broadcast of the previous week, a number of listeners wrote to me that I am wrong about the Jews, that they really are not the evil and destructive creatures I have made them out to be; they are clever and sensitive and creative and have made many important contributions to our society. They reminded me of Jesus and Freud and Einstein and suggested that our civilization is based on the contributions of these three Jews. I don’t know why they forgot to mention Karl Marx. A few years ago, when communism was still fashionable, the apologists for the Jews used to list Jesus, Marx, Freud, and Einstein as examples of great contributors to Western civilization, and then they would slyly mention that all four just happened to be Jews.
I will come back to this matter of Marx, Freud, and so on a little later in our broadcast today. At the moment I’ll just mention that die reason I bring these names up is that some people tell me that these are the men we should think of when we think of Jews, not the Jewish slave dealers. The slave trade is an anomaly, they tell me, and it is not at all
honest person who really knows the Jews will contradict me on that.
I’ll reiterate: despite their diversity, the Jews are a unit, and if we are to survive we must understand that and act accordingly. In deciding our own policies we must consider the effects of the Jews as a whole on our society and on our people. The salient fact is not that the Jewish economics professor we had in college seemed to be a nice guy; the salient feet is that Jews own Hollywood and Madison Avenue and are using that ownership to persuade White girls that it is fashionable to have sex with Blacks. The salient fact is not that the Jewish shop owner we know is a friendly and helpful guy; the salient fact is that we have an open-borders policy which is flooding America with sub-human
representative of Jews and their activities.
Well, well, well! I have on my desk at the moment a news item from Brazil. It is dated July 5 — that’s just 10 days ago — and was reported by Reuters news agency. It is about a child prostitution ring operated in Brazil dv Israeli diplomats in order to satisfy the sexual appetites of Israeli tourists. I’ll bet you haven’t seen anything about this on whichever network. television news program you watch. The head of the child prostitution ring is Arie Scher, Israel’s consul in Rio ae Janeiro, The ring recruited girls as young as nine years old and organized sex parties with the children for Israeli tourists. One of the child prostitutes was questioned by Brazilian police and led them to the home of a Hebrew language teacher in Rio, Georges Schteinberg, where police seized photographs of hundreds of naked children and videos taken at sex parties with the children. Viewing the videos, police officials recognized the swimming pool and deck of the Israeli consul, Arie Scher, which was the scene of many of the sex parties.
I’ll quote direedy from the Reuters news report:
Police said a young girl testified she was filmed and photographed by the teacher, Georges Schteinberg, having sex with Israeli tourists. She also explained that Scher participated in some of the sessions .... 'We confirmed that the pornographic pictures were taken next to the consul's pool and on his deck,' said Rob-
trash from Mexico and die rest of the Third World, and that policy is favored by the great majority of Jews in America, but by only a small minority of non-Jewish White people.
The salient feet is that if we do not think about the Jews as a whole and do something about them as a whole, history will phase us out just as surely as it is phasing out the White Rhodesians.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Nature of the Beast,” aired on July 8, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Carnies
erto Costa, a chief investigator for the civil police.
Arie Scher, of course, was immediately whisked out of Brazil by the Israeli government before the Brazilian police could question him. Now, why is this story significant? After all, among every nationality there are perverts and degenerates and child molesters. Yes, but not every* government is involved in child prostitution. Are we supposed to believe that the Foreign Ministry back in Jerusalem didn’t know that one of their diplomats was using the consular residence in Rio de Janeiro to entertain big-shot Israeli tourists with sex parties featuring children? Are we supposed to bel ieve that Israel’s super-efficient intelligence apparatus wasn’t aware of what Jewish tourists were doing at the consular residence? And doesn’t this sort of thing fit right in with the Israeli government’s toleration of forced prostitution and White slavery?
I’ll read you something else. This is a much older report about White slavery. It was written in 1925, in Germany:
The relation of Jews to prostitution and, even more, to the White-slave traffic, could be studied in Vienna as perhaps in no other city of Western Europe, with the possible exception of the southern French ports. If you walked at night through the streets and alleys of Leopoldstadt [the Jewish district of Vienna], at every step you witnessed proceedings which remained concealed from the majority of the German people until the War gave the soldiers on
The Rubes and the
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
the eastern front occasion to see similar things, or, rather, forced them to see them.
When thus, for the first time, I recognized the Jew as the coldhearted, shameless, and calculating director of this revolting vice traffic in the scum of the big city, a cold shudder ran down my back.
Those words I just read are from chapter two, volume one of Mein Kampf. The author is Adolf Hider, describing his horror at what he saw as a young man in Vienna just before the First world War. Now I’ll read you a more recent comment on the white-slave trade:
In Russia, for example, traffickers prey on orphanages. In a typical scenario, a trafficker will pay an orphanage director approximately $12,000 to take a group of cnudren on a "field trip" to the local McDonald's, for example. Groups of children will then leave the orphanage with the trafficker and never be seen or heard from again.
Those were the words of New Jersey’s Congressman Christopher Smith, introducing a bill into the House of Representatives just a few weeks ago. The bill, designated H.R. 3244, is the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000.
Congressman Smith, of course, did not dare to identify the slave traders who abduct Russian girls from orphanages and force them to become sex slayes, but I’ll tell you who they are. They are members of the DrganU zatsiya, the Jewish organized crime syndicate misleadingly referred to by the media in this country as the “Russian Mafia.” It seems that the passage of 90 years and a so-called “Holocaust” have not persuaded the Jews to change their ways.
Jews don’t operate in a vacuum, of course. In Russia and Ukraine, for example, where the Jews currendy obtain most of the girls and young women they enslave for the sex trade, they depend upon a corrupt environment. The Jewish slave trader who abducts young girls from an orphanage in Moscow or Sl Petersburg, as related by Congressman Smith, depends upon a corrupt official in charge of the orphanage who will accept a bribe to let the Jew take the girls on the “field trip” from which they never return. In Russia the official corruption permeates every level of government The Jews had nearly 75 years to arrange that, to stamp out the old, aristocratic way of doing things and replace it with their way.
I had hopes that when Boris Yeltsin lapsed into his final vodka stu-
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
Arie Scher and friend
por, a Russian patriot might take his place and begin a general housecleaning in Russia. It’s becoming increasingly obvious, however, that Vladimir Putin is no patriot He is simply another Russian front man, somewhat better disciplined than Yeltsin and less dependent on vodka, but he receives his orders from the same peo-le behind the scenes. There was a ig revelation in this regard just a few weeks ago, when the political police in Spain leaked the news that Putin had been slipping secretly into the country for visits to a luxurious villa on Spain’s south coast, near Cadiz. The villa is owned by Boris Abramovich Berezovsky, the Jewish billionaire media tycoon and racketeer, who was the power behind Boris Yeltsin and appears now to be the power behind Putin. Other villas around the Berezovsky villa in Spain which Putin visited are owned by leading gangsters in the Organizatsiya, and the Spanish police observed conferences between Putin and these Jewish gangsters — which explains why Putin has made
absolutely no move against the organized crime that is plaguing Russia.
Putin did arrest one leading Jewish gangster last month and charged him with stealing money from the government. That was Vladimir Gussinsky, who is one of Berezovsky’s Jewish rivals for the control of Russia’s mass media. The power struggles in Russia these days are between various groups of Jews, with the real Russians having virtually no say in what goes on. Gussinsky was locked up for only four days- — just long enough for the Jewish media in the West to begin squawking about “anti-Semitism” in Russia and hinting that the Putin government was beginning a “persecution” of the Jews there. Ana of course, Bill Clinton and half of the members of the U.S. Congress expressed their “concern” over the Gussinsky arrest. It was the same when the Iranian government cracked a Jewish espionage ring in Iran recently and arrested a group of Jewish spies. If Putin had arrested a real Russian, or if the Iranian government had arrested a dozen French or Polish or German spies, the media over here wouldn’t nave been interested, and there would have been no expression of “concern” by Clinton and the other politicians.
Here’s another related matter; that’s the huge influx of Jews from the former Soviet Union into the United States. As the communist system the Jews had built up in the Soviet Union began to come apart in the 1980s, primarily as a consequence of a disastrously inefficient economy — an economy that was supporting a huge load of parasites, with the Jews foremost among them — Soviet Jews began looking for another host, like fleas on a dying dog looking for a healthier dog to jump to. Some of them went to Israel, but the United States was their host of choice. In order to get around the very tight limitations on immigrants from Europe, the Jews over here began wailing about “anti-Semitism” in the Soviet Union and how their Soviet Jewish brethren were being “persecuted.” That, of course, was pure baloney. It’s true enough that the real Russians hate the lews passionately — and for very good, reason — but the only people over there who have been persecuted since the Reds took over are the Russians, not the Jews. But the wailing was a good enough smokescreen for Jews and their allies in the U.S. Congress to slip through a special
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
11
immigration quota for “victims of persecution” in the Soviet Union: the so-called “Lautenberg Amendment.” For all practical purposes, it applies only to Jews. Any Jew living in Russia can claim “victim status, and when he arrives in the United States is automatically entided to all sorts of benefits at the expense of American taxpayers.
Most Americans are blissfully unaware of this racket. Not only do we now have several hundred thousand Soviet Jews in the United States who have never worked a day in this country, receiving a government check each month, and living in subsidized housing, but we have given the Orga-nizatsiya a foothold here that we will come to regret dearly. Certainly, most Jews who come here from the Soviet Union aren’t gangsters — but about 10 per cent of them are, according to the estimates of police officials who must try to cope with them. If they weren’t Jews they wouldn’t have been admitted to the country. Their criminal records and their mob affiliations alone would have kept them out. But they’re here now Because of the unique status the Jews have arranged for themselves, here as everywhere else.
The FBI and many other police agencies in America recognize the threat posed by the Organizatsiya, or “Russian Mafia,” as the media insist on calling it in order to keep the public from realizing its Jewish nature. In money laundering, drugs, gambling, the slave trade, child prostitution, illegal weapons dealing, organized car theft, insurance fraud, securities fraud, you name it, organized Jewish gangsters from the Former Soviet Union are rapidly dominating organized crime activities in the United States. And yet very little is being done to stop them. For one thing, they all carry Israeli passports, and when one of them is in danger of arrest he simply catches the next plane to Tel Aviv, where he is safe from extradition.
There are other factors involved, however, which make the Organi-zatsiya infinitely more dangerous than die Italian Mafia ever was. Police agencies, including the FBI, are very hesitant to crack down on these Jewish gangsters because they are Jews, and the first thing a Jewish gangster does when he is arrested is proclaim his innocence and accuse the cops who arrested him of being “anti-Semitic” and using “Nazi tactics.”
Police agencies everywhere have been sensitized to these words. They duck, run, and take cover whenever they hear them.
A much more substantial shield for the Organizatsiya is corruption. The Italian Mafia, of course, used to bribe cops on the beat, police officials, judges, prosecutors, mayors, governors, and other politicians in order to stay in business. The difference is that the Jews use corruption much more effectively than the Mafia ever did. A corrupt politician taking money from the Mafia always had to worry about being exposed by the media. Italians didn’t control the media. A politician in the pocket of the Organizatsiya, on the other hand, has very little worry that he ever will see a headline in a Jewish newspaper accusing him of taking bribes from the Jews. Soviet Jewish gangsters are invited to the White House and to Democratic Party fund-raising dinners, where they can have their photographs taken with Bill Clinton. That just doesn’t happen with the Italian Mafia.
This business of Jewish organized crime is really extremely important. It is something that will influence the life of every American in the near future, just as it influences the life of every Russian today, and I want to talk about it in much more detail in later broadcasts. For now, I just wanted to use the example of the Organizatsiya as one more piece of evidence for the fact that Jews really are special; they really are different. They are not like us, and they are not just members of another ethnic group who need to become more fully assimilated, and then they will be just like us.
In a couple of earlier broadcasts I used the Jewish role in the White-slave trade as an example of the unique nature of the Jews, and some listeners accused me of picking on the Jews. They believe that the Jewish role in die slave trade is an anomaly, not at all characteristic of the lews as a whole, just as they believe that Jewish organized crime is an anomaly, just as they believe that Marxism was an anomaly, just as they believe that the Jewish control of Hollywood and Madison Avenue and the rest of America’s mass media is only a coincidence, a fluke with no special significance and certainly nothing to worry about.
What they see as characteristic of the Jews is Jesus, Marx, Freud, and
Einstein — except that it’s not really fashionable to talk about Marx ana his Jewishness these days. The apologists for the Jews seem to believe — and would like to have us believe too — that the Jews are pretty much like us — that is, they aren’t fundamentally alien; they’re just a very bright, sensitive, creative, innovative, and well-meaning people, and we shouldn’t hold White slavery, communism, or the Organizatsiya against them. Instead we should be thankful because they gave us Jesus, Marx — excuse me, we’re not supposed to mention Marx any more — because they gave us Jesus, Freud, and Einstein.
I think that I’ll not get into religion today, so let’s just talk briefly about Freud and Einstein. In popular lore they are held up as the founder of the modem science of the mind and the founder of modem physics, respectively. The average member of the public has the vague notion that if it were not for Sigmund Freud we would know nothing about psychology or psychiatry today, and that if it were not for Albert Einstein we would have neither nuclear energy nor space travel. This notion is not based on fact but rather on a myth propagated by the Jewish mass media simply because these two men were Jews.
Sigmund Freud may have been a pretty clever Jew, but he also was a charlatan. He understood some things about the peculiarities of the human mind — as did other students of the mind in his day — but he, in a typically Jewish fashion, embellished, embroidered, waved his arms, and dramatized. He was a clever showman, a poseur, as much as he was a scientist. Freud, with the help of his fellow Jews in his profession and in the media, created a pseudo-scientific illusion which caught the attention of many people. With a sober face he advanced as science what really was not science. But it was flashy and catchy and clever, and many people believed it was science. Ultimately, Freud did more to hold back an understanding of the human psyche than he did to advance it
Einstein wasn’t a charlatan. He was a very competent mathematical physicist, and he made some genuine contributions to our understanding of our world. But he did not invent nuclear energy or even lay the theoretical groundwork for the use of nuclear energy, nor is he the father of space
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
travel or of modem physics. But he was a lew, and because of that his name has been drummed into the public’s consciousness. Every couch potato and baseball fen recognizes the name Einstein, but none of them has ever heard of James Clerk Maxwell, or Max Planck or Arnold Sommerfeld or Erwin Schrodinger or the other jiants of modem physics. That’s not because the work of these men was ess important or less fundamental than that of Einstein; the reason is that they weren’t Jews.
Now I’ll state a fundamental truth that is basic to an understand' ing of the nature of the Jews and of the Jewish role in our civilization. That truth is that the Jews as a whole are myth makers, illusion builders — or to put it less politely, they are trick' sters. Their whole existence among us is based on deception and illusion and misdirection. Some of them are very clever. Some of them are creative. But they are quite alien in their nature. It is almost as if they had landed here from another planet
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
Arnold Sommerfeld
They disguise their alienness with a remarkable talent for. deception. We are like a bunch of rubes at a circus, at a carnival, and they are the carnies.
And where the rubes are con-cerned, the carnies stick together. Cer-
tainly, not every lew is involved in slave dealing or child prostitution or welfare fraud or is a member of the Organizatsiya or, in the case of older Jews, belonged to the Communist Party. But whenever the call “Hey, rube!” goes out, all of the carnies do their part to assure that the carnies win the fight — which is why you didn’t hear about the Israeli consulate in Rio de Janeiro being a center for child prostitution until I told you about it today. The nice, non-communist, non-gangster Jews who control your media thought that it would be tetter for the rubes not to know about it.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Rubes and the Carnies,” aired on July 15, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Jewish Mob in America
I promised last week that I would tell you in more detail about what organized Jewish criminals are doing in the United States, and that’s what I’ll do today. Actually, I’ve discussed this subject with you a few times in the past, especially in my broadcast of May 16, 1998, wnich was tided “Paying the Organizatsiya.” There have been many new developments in Jewish organized crime during the past few years, and although the mass media have carefully avoided talking about these developments, never using the word “lew” and referring only to “Russian organized crime when they do occasionally mention the subject, a new book was published just a few weeks ago by Little, Brown and Company, which provides an up-to-date and reasonably good introduction to the topic of Jewish organized crime. I’ll refer occasionally to the book during today’s broadcast The tide of the book is Red Mafiya: How the Russian Mob Has Invaded America.
Interestingly enough, the author of the book, Robert Friedman, is a Jew himself, which just goes to show that when there’s money to be made, whether in selling books or pushing drugs, Jews will even turn on each
other. Certainly, the Jewish gangsters turn on each other often enough in Friedman’s account. Both in Russia and in the United States, members of the Jewish mobs machine-gun and bomb each other today even more readily than the members of the Italian gangs used to shoot it out in Chicago back in the 1930s. And although Friedman adopts the standard media ploy of referring to the gangsters as aRussians,” he really cannot help revealing that nearly all of them are Jews.
For example, when he comments on the reluctance of the FBI and local and state police to crack down on the so-called ‘^Russian Mafiya” or even to investigate it, he notes:
.. . [I]n general, state and Federal law enforcement agencies were loath to go after Russian mobsters, instead devoting their energies to bagging Italian wiseguys .... And because the Russian mob was mostly Jewish, it was a political hot potato, especially in the New York area.
Friedman even points out that the mainstream, “respectable” Jewish organizations, such as the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, pressured the police agencies to take it easy on their kinsmen in the Jewish crime gangs, claiming that any public-
ity associated with investigations or arrests would “foster anti-Semitism” and lead the Gentile public to protest against the continued influx of Jewish gangsters into the United States from the Soviet Union as “refugees.” Even after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, however, writes Friedman:
Jewish organizations continued to lobby the Justice Department to downplay the threat posed by the Russian mob. The Russian Mafia has the lowest priority on the criminal pecking order/ admitted FBI spokesman Joe Valiquette during a 1992 interview.
Well, I’m sure it hasn’t been too difficult lobbying the Clinton Justice Department to be nice to Jewish gangsters, since they have been the source of so much of Clinton’s campaign money.
The Anti-Defamation League, of course, has a long history of cozy associations with Jewish crime bosses and with the FBI, giving the Jewish pressure group a great advantage in pulling the necessary strings to shelter the most important of the Jewish gangsters from prosecution. And it wasn’t just the Anti-Defamation League that sheltered the flood of Jewish thugs, extortionists, murderers, drug dealers, White slavers, and rack-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
eteers pouring in from Russia. The Jewish religious establishment in America did everything it could to facilitate the influx. That’s a noteworthy point because the Jewish gangsters are portrayed by apologists for the Jews as being barely Jewish, Jews with no real consciousness of being Jewish, while the Jewish religious establishment is portrayed as being a pious bunch of rabbis, especially the Orthodox Jewish establishment. Actually it was in the Orthodox establishment that the gangsters formed their most useful connections.
Friedman points out that the first of the Jewish mob’s godfathers in the United States, Evsei Agron, owed his crime career to a politically connected Orthodox rabbi, Ronald Greenwald. Rabbi Greenwald had gotten his political connections working for Richard Nixon’s 1972 reelection campaign. He was Nixon’s ambassador to the Jewish community. In the 1980s Raboi Greenwald became mob boss Agron’s one-Jew think tank and facilitator. Mob insiders report that most of Agron’s rackets were planned in Rabbi Greenwald’s Manhattan office. A leading mob member in Toronto, Joseph Sigalov, is also a leader in Canada’s Orthodox Jewish community and the publisher of an influential Orthodox newspaper.
So, if these Jewish mobsters get invited to Democratic Party fundraisers and serve as advisers to Republican reelection committees and are in tight with the Orthodox Jewish religious establishment, and if the FBI thinks jhey’re not really as important as trie Italian gangsters, maybe we shouldn’t worry about them either. Maybe they’re really not such bad guys. Maybe they’re just nice, Jewish boys who sometimes step over the line and break the law.
Well, the Italian gangsters certainly don’t look at them that way. A member of the John Gotti gang in New York was recorded with a wiretap warning an acquaintance:
We Italians will kill you. But the Russians are crazy — they'll kill your whole family.
This view also is shared by policemen who have had to deal with the Jews. A New York City policeman told Friedman:
The Russians are ruthless and crazy. It's a bad combination. They'll shoot you just to see if their gun works.
One leading Jewish gangster in the United States, Monya Elson, was
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
Ludwig “Tarzan” Fainberg
a hit man, a contract killer, before he became a gang boss. He began by murdering Ukrainians in Kishinev, his home town. Then he went to Moscow and murdered Russians. Then he came to America and began murdering Americans. He boasts that he has more than 100 confirmed kills. And it’s not just that the Jews are more ruthless, vicious, and bloodthirsty than the members of the Italian Mafia. They are smarter, better organized, better protected politically, and much greedier: while the Mafia is stealing a million dollars, the Jews are stealing a billion. Finally, there are many more Jewish gangsters in America man Italian Mafia members. By the early 1990s there already were some 5,000 hard-core Jewish gangsters from the former Soviet Union operating in the New York area alone. That’s more than the members of all
13
of the Italian Mafia families in the United States.
And the Jews are continuing to pour into the country from Russia. The current flood began nearly 30 years ago, when corrupt politicians in the Congress, working with mainstream Jewish organizations and the Jewish media, enacted legislation that opened a sewer line from the Soviet-Jewish underworld to America. The late Washington Democratic Senator Henry Jackson, who never went to the bathroom without getting permission from the Jews, spearheaded the effort to tie trade agreements between the United States and the Soviet Union to an increase in die flow of Jews from the Soviet Union to the United States.
The pretext for giving special status to Jews, for using U.S. economic power to persuade the Soviet government to permit Jews to leave when no one else could leave, for allowing the Jews who left to come to the United States without the usual immigration background checks — even for having American taxpayers foot the bill for flying them over here and then pay for subsidized housing, food stamps, and other special benefits for them — all of this was based on the pretext that Jews were persecuted in the Soviet Union. The mass media over here portrayed the Jews in the Soviet Union as the principal victims of communism, rather than as its originators and its principal beneficiaries. That’s an especially egregious example of the Jews* “big lie” technique, in which they brazenly stand the truth on its head, because with their monopoly control of the media there is no one to contradict them.
Friedman interviewed a well-known Jewish gangster in Miami, known to his associates as “Tarzan.” His real name is Ludwig Fainberg. He came to the United States from Ukraine, a country whose natives have traditionally hated the Jews, for very good reasons. Fainberg is not a religious Jew, but he certainly is very Jewish, the kind of Jew the real Ukrainians instinctively despise. But was Fainberg persecuted in Ukraine? Hardly. Friedman reports:
To . . . [Fainberg] being Jewish simply meant having certain privileges. 'Jews were the richest people in town/ he told me. 'Jews had cars, Jews had money, Jews lived in nice apartments. We were comfortable. My mother had nice clothes and jewelry. We took a vacation once a year to Odessa, a stunning city with a boardwalk and gorgeous beaches. It was filled with
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
mobsters and entertainers. It was a city with a Jewish flavor.
Fainberg is describing his life as a Jew in Ukraine in the 1960s and 1970s at the height of the supposed persecution of Jews by the communist regime. There was persecution, all right, but it was the Ukrainians who were persecuted by the Jews, not the other way around.
The same story is told by other Jewish gangsters. Marat Balaguia, the Jewish godfather of organized crime who succeeded Evsei Agron in New York after the latter was assassinated, also came from Ukraine. He told Friedman:
Jews had some of the best positions in the country They were the big artists, musicians — they had big money.
The Soviet government did crack down on dissidents of all races, of course, and this included those Jews who tried to undermine the govern' ment’s policy in the Middle East because they considered it pro-Arab, just as it included Ukrainian nationalists and other ethnic separatist groups. But it did not include members of the Jewish organized crime gangs, who were not dissidents. The Jewish criminals — and the Jews generally — were happy with the situation in the Soviet Union,; because it allowed them to exploit the Russians and the Ukrainians. They already were living high on the hog in the Soviet Union when their Jewish kinsmen in the United States opened the border to the Promised Land for them, and they seized the opportunity to live even higher on the hog.
The collapse of communism made things worse for the real Russians and Ukrainians, because it destroyed the order in their countries and allowed the Jews to run wild, plundering and pillaging at will. But it did not dampen the desire of many of them to come to the United States and plunder and pillage even more. Friedman quotes Boris Urov, formerly the chief investigator of major crimes for the Russian attorney general. Urov said:
Its wonderful that the Iron Curtain is gone, but it was a shield for the West. Now we've opened the gates, and this is very dangerous for the world. America is getting Russian criminals. Nobody will have the resources to stop them. You people in the West don't know our Mafiya yet. You will. You will!
The name of the game in Russia after the breakup of the USSR in
1991 was “privatization.” It was praised by the bought politicians and (he controlled media in the West as a giant step toward a free-enterprise society, with inefficiendy managed state-owned enterprises and natural resources being sold to private businessmen, who, spurred by the profit motive, would manage everything much more efficiendy, resulting in a great increase in Russian productivity and prosperity. That was the theory. Actually, privatization was a massive looting of Russia’s wealth by the Jews. The Jewish bureaucrats inside the government made “sweetheart” deals with the Jewish mobsters outside the government, who in any case were the only citizens with the capital to buy anything.
Everything which previously had been owned, in theory, by ail the people collectively and managed by the state ended up in the hands of the Jews, and the Russian people had nothing, not even in theory. Instead of becoming more prosperous, the Russian economy has declined every year since the end of communism in 1991. The Russian people have been reduced to a state of beggary. While Russian and Ukrainian peasants kill one another fighting over a few potatoes in the fields, in Moscow ana St. Petersburg and Odessa Jews cruise the boulevards in their Mercedes, wearing diamonds and furs, eating in glitzy restaurants where a meal costs more than a real Russian earns in a month, and patronizing sex clubs stocked with beautiful Russian women.
The Jews aren’t even trying to use the stolen wealth of Russia to get the country back on its feet. Like a plague of locusts they have devoured everything they could, and the rest they have moved out of the country. Hundreds of billions of dollars of Russia’s capital is taken out of the country every year by the Jews as the looting continues. It’s not just that they want to be the richest people in a rejuvenated, capitalist Russia. Their greed is purely destructive. It’s a grab-and-run operation. When the U.S. government, through the International Monetary Fund, sends billions of dollars in loans to Russia, it simply disappears. The Jews squirrel it away, and it’s never seen again in Russia. And over here the politicians pretend that they don’t know what’s going on.
But they do know what’s going on. The CIA’s spies send a steady stream of reports back to Washington. They reported that Boris Yeltsin
and the crowd around him were ail on the take and were controlled by the Organizatsiya. But the Bush administration and then the Clinton administration pretended not to know. All the Bushites and the Clin-tonistas cared about was that Yeltsin was the candidate being promoted by the Jews in Russia — and of course, by the Jew-controlled media over here — and so they promoted him too.
I don’t know whether or not you remember when Yeltsin was running for reelection in 1996, but I do. All of the Jewish media people over here were sweating it. They were afraid that a real Russian nationalist, a Russian patriot, might win. The Clinton government was holding out the promise of more money for Russia only if Yeltsin won. In fact, Bill Clinton was campaigning as hard for Yeltsin’s reelection as Yeltsin was.
I’ll tell you what would have happened if an honest and intelligent Russian nationalist had won instead of Yeltsin. He would have replaced the key leaders in the Army and the secret police with people he could trust. He would have done this carefully but quickly. And then he would have sealed Russia’s borders and halted communications with the rest of the world for perhaps 48 hours. At the £nd of that time there would not have been a Jew or a collaborator with the Jews left alive in all of Russia. The Russian Orthodox Church would make him a saint, and the Russian people would remember him with gratitude and affection for as long as the Russian nation lasted. But of course, with all of the Jew-controlled media in Russia pushing hard for Yeltsin, and with plenty of vote-stealing going on, Yeltsin was reelected, and the looting of Russia continued.
And in America the Jewish mob has continued to consolidate its power. The Miami gangster, Ludwig Fainberg, was really gloating when he explained to Friedman the difference between the Jewish situation in Russia and the American situation and what the Jewish gangsters have in mind for America. The Jews of Russia are cunning predators, he explained. That’s the way they have survived the hard conditions there for centuries. But the Americans are soft and trusting, like sheep ready to be fleeced and slaugh-terecf. American laws were made only to be broken by the Jews.
A New York police detective lamented to Friedman:
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946
$40/year
FREE SPEECH for August 2000
15
PIG OUT PARTY
THURSDAY, MAY 11,1995 AND
FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1995
(With Invitation Only)
FREE DRINKS ★ FREE GIFTS FREE GIRLS* FREE SEX FREE BUFFET (Includes Our Famous Roast Pork)
BE FREEH!
YOUR INVITED
SPECIAL GUEST
APPEARING LIVE, NUDE ON STAGE I
GINALAMARCA
*95 PENTHOUSE PET OF THE YEAR INTERNATIONAL SUPER MODEL
As seen on
Howard Stem / Salley Jesse Rafael/Monte! Williams and In over 75 issues of Penthouse
3 SHOWS DAILY
6:30 pm ''If 9:30 pm • 11:30 pm COME EARLY FOR BEST SEATING!
Thursday, May 11	Friday, May 12
EVENTS	EVENTS
Arm Wrestling Contest	Aim Wrestling Contest
Banana Eating Contest	Beer Drinking Contest
Beer Drinking Contest Best Fake Orgasm Best Fake Orgasm Best Lesbian Show (pah Prizes)	(Cash Prizes)
SPECIAL THANKS TO PORKY'S FAMILY AND MR. BILL SEIDLE FAMILY FORGIVING ME THE OPPORTUNITY TO CREATE PORKY’S LOVE YOU ALL TARZAN
Promotional flyer for Tarzan’s strip club “Porky’s”
My second comment is that the Jewish Mafiya does not operate in a vacuum. It operates within the Jewish community as a whole. It operates with the support of the Jewish establishment, from the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith to Hollywood ana the New York Times. It also operates with the support of the Christian establishment, from Billy Graham up to the Pope. These support groups won’t put up a fuss if the FBI arrests a Jewish contract killer or a Jewish extortionist or two now and then, but any realistic effort to stamp out the whole kehillah will have all of the support groups screaming bloody murder. To use other words, what we must deal with is not a criminal problem but a Jewish problem. The problem will be solved only after this fact is generally understood. Meanwhile, the American sheep had better resign themselves to a good fleecing.
Thanks for being with me again today
Why are we being victimized by noncitizens who can run to Israel or Russia and can't be extradited? The Russian gangsters have told me that they've come here to suck our country dry....
How did the Russian mob become so entrenched? They are into Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid fraud. Why is it that every ambulance service in Brooklyn is run by the Russian mob? Why are so many of their doctors practicing without a license? They have invaded Wall Street from boiler-room operations to brokerage houses. Nothing is too small for them to steal. Even the guys with the multimillion-dollar Medicare scam still have to have their food stamps."
I’ll add two comments to Friedman’s report on Jewish organized crime in America. First, it will not be stopped, regardless of whether A1 Gore or George Bush wins the White House this year. The FBI has essentially put the Italian Mafia out of business in the United States during die past decade, but it won’t put the Jewish Mafiya out of business, and the reason is that the Jews have vasdy more money at their disposal for corrupting the system than the Italians ever did, and America is rapidly becoming as corruptible as Russia.
In fact, I have a strong suspicion that the reason the FBI suddenly made a major effort to cripple the Italian Mafia was to make room for the Jews. The Italians and the Sicilians
thought they had the fix in, but the Jews trumped them with a bigger fix. In the sort of country America has become since the Second World War, any criminal organization run by intelligent men with hundreds of billions of dollars at their disposal to corrupt the system — and with the
Erotection of the mass media — can’t e stopped by governmental action. Individual Jewish gangsters will be arrested, and have been arrested in the past, but the sort of decisive action needed to stop Jewish crime cold will not be taken.
Additional Reading:
Friedman, Robert I., Red Mafiya: How the Russian Mob Has Invaded America, Litde, Brown and Co., 2000
Simis, Konstantin, USSR: the Corrupt Society (The Secret World of Soviet Capitalism), Simon and Schuster, 1982
Brokhin, Yuri, Hustling on Gorky Street: Sex and Crime in Russia Today, Dial Press, 1975
J V; ’________________________________
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Jewish Mob in America,” aired on July 22, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
| Subscribe to Free Speech \
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech
Name:
Address:

Mail to:
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
i

Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/ytar