FREE SPEECH • APRIL 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. IV
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH*! 8 §|
m
W."",	>>;-
-----— -


enng
■Hj
William Pierce
ersityM
Strength.
rilliam Pierce'
i
Wm
if
e
illiam Pierce

Dr. William Pierce
Countering the Poison
Today let’s talk more about a very disturbing phenomenon that we’ve discussed several times in the past few weeks, namely a conditioned inability of White people — or at least, a substantial percentage of White people — to defend themselves against non-Whites. When I first tola you about the rapes and murders of those Whites in Wichita, Kansas, by two Blacks — rapes and murders the news of which was blacked out almost completely by the media outside of Wichita — I commented that the most shocking thing about this atrocity ill the total lack of resistance by the White victims, their complete failure even to attempt to defend themselves against two Blacks armed only with one relatively anemic pistol. The White men just stood and watched the Blacks rape and abuse their women, and then they all knelt obediently in the snow when the Blacks told them to and let themselves be shot in the back of the head, one at a time.
Mexicans happily riot in Arizona An overturned car is visible in the background on the left side of the photo.
For the past two weeks we’ve been talking about the Mardi Gras race riot in Seattle, where small groups of Blacks viciously attacked individual White men and women in an overwhelmingly White crowd. While the Blacks punched young White women to the ground and then kicked them senseless, and while they ripped the clothes off other White women and pawed and probed them, nearby White men just stared without attempting to intervene.
Now I want to read to you a letter that I received from a listener of my American Dissident Voices broadcast He relates an experience that he had in New Jersey:
A Black mugger, in broad daylight, attempted to rob a young. White businessman at knife point as the latter was making a withdrawal from an automatic teller machine. Rather than submit quietly, as so many of our young, European males do these days, the strapping young White man, a six-foot, five-inch giant named Paul, unleashed a devastating knockout punch to the mugger's face. The Black mugger, a muscular six feet, three
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
An older White woman in Arizona is attacked by a Mexican while several White men look on without interfering.
inches or so himself, fell to the pavement like a ton of bricks.
The White hero, however, received a nasty knife gash in his forearm as he was throwing his punch. He was bleeding profusely all over his white shirt and his suit. Nevertheless, Paul calmly took out his cell phone and called 911 to report the attempted robbery and his own wound.
As Paul was waiting for help to arrive, the Black thug began to regain consciousness and slowly raised his heaa off the sidewalk. Big Paul then stomped on the mugger's head to make sure he stayed down andout. Upon seeing this, a White female, one of the group of eight to ten witnesses who had gathered, shrieked in horror and scolded our White hero for stomping on the Black criminal's head! A wimpish White male yuppie then leaned anxiously over the downed Black to see whether or not he was still breathing!
I was utterly dumbfounded. Here was a White victim-tumed-hero, covered in blood, and yet some of the Whites who witnessed this event were more concerned about whether or not the poor, knife-wielding Black animal had suffered a serious concussion. I and some others attended to the bleeding Paul, but it was a bizarre scene. Paul's cut was nasty but not life-threatening. I assume that the knife-wielding Black got off with a slap on the wrist in court that was far less painful than Paul's gash.
The inexplicable behavior of some of the White witnesses left a lasting impression on me. It wasn't until I read some of your material that I fully understood the true source of the disgustingly wimpish behavior I witnessed that day. If more White Americans were made of the same stuff as Paul, Western
civilization would be back on the right track in 30 days, don't you think?"
Well, yes, if more White Americans reacted to non-White aggression the way Paul did, we would be in much better shape. And you know, White Americans, even those who weren’t six feet, five inches tall, used to behave the way Paul did. A century ago almost any able-bodied White male would have behaved the way Paul did. And it would have been inconceivable that two White witnesses would have behaved the way the White female and the White male yuppie did in the incident described in the letter I just read to you. Really inconceivable!
So what has happened to us? Have we been softened up by too much Christianity, too much turn-the-other-cheek preaching? Well, I don’t think so. At least, I don’t think that is the primary cause of our present malady. Certainly Christians are in the forefront of the wimp brigades these days, but the country as a whole is less Christian now than it was a century ago. A higher percentage of our ancestors were convinced Christians than in the general White population today, but not even the worst of the
Bible-thumpers among the pioneers who settled this country had let themselves be emasculated by their religion. Though they may have carried a Bible in one hand as they headed west and claimed the land ror themselves and their posterity, they carried a rifle in the other hand. They were self-respecting Christians.
Has it been too much easy living, too much luxury and comfort, that has made cowards of most of us and has turned some of us into partisans of our enemies? Well, I think that’s a part of the answer, but certainly not the whole answer. More than once, when speaking with people who already agree — in theory — with me on the racial issue and on the Jewish issue I have had the experience of seeing them recoil in horror when I talk about what ultimately needs to be done to clean up our society. When I talk about cleaning out the stables — when I talk about an inevitable civil war — they are horrified. I realize, of course, that we are in no position at this time to punish traitors and clean up our government. But even to contemplate a final solution for getting rid of the filth in the government and in the media horrifies my listeners. They will only consider solutions that don’t involve violence or bloodshed: only nice, peaceful, non-violent solutions that don’t hurt anyone’s feelings. When I talk about the eventual need for ethnic cleansing on a massive scale to undo the damage done by non-White immigration and miscegenation during the past century, again they are horrified. “Oh, we can’t do that,” they say: “That’s genocide!”
And 1 do think that this excessive squeamish ness, which comes from living a soft and sheltered life, is to some degree responsible for paralyzing the will of our people. Maybe there’s some Christianity mixed in there too, which makes so many of our people unwilling to do what must be done to protect our race, our society, our civilization. But whether it’s Christianity or softness, the unwillingness to take effective action when needed is very real. In the Seatde Maidi Gras riot, for example, the Whites in the crowd certainly weren’t going to stop the Blacks from rampaging by appealing to the Blacks’ commitment to a multicultural society. They weren’t going to stop them by laying a hand gendy on their shoul-
© 2001 j National Vanguard Books • Box 330 1 Hillsboro | WV 24946 • $40/ycar
ders and saying to them, “No, brother, no. You mustn’t abuse people this way.”
The only way to stop those Blacks would have been for a group of White men — and it would have needed only four or five sturdy White men — to arm themselves with baseball bats, fence posts, tire irons, pocket knives, or whatever other emergency weapons were at hand, and then to attack one gang of rampaging Blacks at a time and take them out — disable them — not by reasoning with them or by threatening them but by the decisive use of violence. That, of course, would have meant cracking Black skulls and drawing blood — and risking injury to themselves. And most White men aren’t up to that these days. They really haven’t been raised right.
It is the sheerest foolishness to imagine that America is a powerful nation because a 100-pound girl in a U.S. Army uniform can push a button in some command center and launch a missile that will destroy a city somewhere on the other side of the world. Americans have lost their manhood — or they are well on the way to losing it — and that is why we will not be able to defend ourselves from our internal enemies, who are the real threat to our existence.
It is essential, of course, for us to have missiles capable of taking out Peking or Tel Aviv. It is essential for us to have a high-tech military capability so that we can kill thousands or even millions of enemies for each one of our own casualties. That’s necessary because we foolishly have helped the non-White races of the planet reduce their death rates, industrialize themselves, and multiply until they gready outnumber us, and we have helped the Jews develop Israel into a deadly arsenal of nuclear, chemical, and biological terror weapons. We need a high-tech military force to deal with this external threat. But what will destroy America is the enemy within, and against that enemy nuclear-tipped missiles and our other long-range weapons are useless. The enemy that will destroy us consists of the growing hordes of non-Whites already inside our borders and the White traitors in Washington and in every statehouse and every city hall and every newspaper office and every courthouse in the country who
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
invited those hordes in and who now pamper and indulge them. That is the enemy that will destroy us, and to fight that enemy manhood is necessary.
Weil, there’s one more reason why White Americans stand around with their hands in their pockets, gaping helplessly while gangs of Blacks attack other White men and sexually abuse White women. It’s the reason, I am sure, why that White woman in New Jersey was much more concerned about the welfare of the Black robber on the pavement than the welfare of the White man he had attacked with a knife. And, although I can’t be sure, I strongly suspect it’s also the most important reason why those White men in Wichita allowed the two Blacks to rape and abuse their women and then let themselves be killed without putting up a fight.
This most important reason for our inability or unwillingness to defend ourselves, our women, our nation, our civilization from the enemy within is that we have been psychologically conditioned all our lives — deliberately conditioned — not to defend ourselves against this enemy in our midst. What is the worst thing you can call a lemming, the thing that will make the average lemming turn pale with fright as he vehemendy denies your charge? What label is guaranteed to make any politician or bureaucrat or Army officer or chief of police grovel and apologize and run for cover? That is the label of “racist,” of course.
It’s a label that was virtually never used 50 years ago, in the days when American society was supposedly racist through and through. Even 30 years ago White Americans could talk about race in an open and honest way, without fear. Even university professors, who these days are not noted for either courage or intellectual honesty, could talk about racial matters 30 years ago. I was a university professor, and I discussed with my colleagues the inevitable decline in academic standards which would accompany the government’s efforts to force universities to accept unqualified Black students and unqualified Black faculty members. In those days, even though some professors were flaming liberals, we could at least discuss racial matters. But within the past 30 years the iron curtain of Political Correctness
3
has descended, not just on our university campuses, but on our whole society.
How did it happen? It happened because we were deliberately brainwashed, deliberately conditioned psychologically by clever propagandists. Television was the principal propaganda medium — and still is. The most popular television shows, which nearly every American viewed — shows such as All in the Family and M*A*S*H — were clever propaganda, designed deliberately to make “racism” a feared label and to put a whole range of other ideas and attitudes beyond the pale of acceptability while at the same time making acceptable certain types of behavior which previously were abhorrent to most Americans.
All in the Family s Archie Bunker was used to make White Americans with traditional ideas about race and sexuality seem ridiculous, to seem ignorant and small-minded. M*A*S*H, starring the leftist actor Alan Alda, was used to make Whites with traditional attitudes seem like vicious bigots, despised by all decent people. Tens of millions of White Americans watched these programs on black-and-white television screens week after week. I was one of those White Americans. The programs were genuinely funny, genuinely entertaining. And they were genuinely poisonous to the easily manipulated lemmings who made up the vast majority of the viewers.
And I hardly need to tell you that this brainwashing effort aimed against the White American majority was designed and implemented almost entirely by the tiny Jewish minority in our midst, who by the 1960s had gained virtually total control of the mass media of news and entertainment. They staffed the media at every level and pumped their poison into virtually every living room in America. All in the Family was the creation of Norman Lear. M*A*S*H was the creation first, as a Hollywood film, of Robert Altman and later, as a TV series, of Larry Gelbart. Lear, Altman, and Gelbart were all Jews, and so was virtually every other propagandist working behind the scenes of the media. Behind every media campaign of lies and deceit, behind every piece of poisonous propaganda, behind every piece of subversive filth being
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
Poison as comedy
poured into American living rooms and American schoolrooms was a gaggle of scheming, hate-filled Jews bent on destroying our civilization and our race.
Well, All in the Family and M*A*S*H were just two examples of the media brainwashing blitz that shifted into high gear in the 1960s and is still accelerating. There were dozens of other TV series, some subtle and some not so subtle; there was the slanted network television news; there were Hollywood films and radio programs and popular magazines. And there were other propaganda themes besides racial equality and the promotion of homosexuality. There was the “Holocaust,” all about how the poor, persecuted Jews had suffered so terribly at the hands of the Germans — through no fault of their own, of course — and were deserving of all sorts of compensation and special consideration and exemption from blame.
There was the drive to “equalize” men and women in military service, in the workplace, and in every other way. This drive to equalize the sexes was not carried on just through political lobbying and demonstrations. Television entertainment played a major role by masculinizing the portrayal of women and feminizing the portrayal of men and by portraying as a bigot and a hater, as an object of contempt and ridicule, anyone who didn’t want to go along.
There was the drive for so-called “children’s rights,” the drive for unlimited permissiveness and against parental “repression” of children — and in fact, against any form of discipline or restraint. This drive was perhaps most visible in the efforts of radical youth-movement Jews such as Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin with their “kill your parents” slogan in the 1960s and 1970s, but it was Jewish television that promoted more subdy and also more effectively the attitudes that parental authority was old-fashioned and out of style and that self-discipline, responsibility, and good work habits were only for dull, narrow-minded people, that the modern attitude was, “if it feels good, do it” This Jewish propaganda blitz, this brainwashing campaign aimed at demoralizing White America, has been and still is a multi-front campaign. Its most important ffont may have been the racial ffont, and its next most important ffont may have been the sexual front, but every aspect of our society — every institution — that may have provided us with a sense of pride or solidarity has been and still is under attack. The aim has been not just to make Blacks equal to or a little better than Whites, to make women equal to or a little more powerful than men, to give children as much authority as parents; the aim has been to equalize, to democratize, to homogenize everything. Anything from the old order — anything from
the White, patriarchal, hierarchical order — that stands out is to be attacked and pulled down: equalized, democratized, homogenized.
An interesting example of this is the recent drive to undermine the prestige and blur the identity of the Army’s elite Rangers, with their distinctive black berets and their extraordinarily martial and masculine esprit de corps. Anything that is elite is hated and disparaged by the partisans of the new world order — and especially something like the Rangers, long a hotbed of masculine, patriarchal, inegalitarian attitudes. Rather than making a direct, frontal attack on the Rangers, the Army’s politicians and bureaucrats decided as a first step to take away the Rangers’ distinctive appearance. They decreed that henceforth every member of the Army, including every Black female clerk and every mestizo cook, would wear a black beret, just like those worn by the Rangers. It would be a unifying move, the Army bureaucracy smirked.
The next step undoubtedly would be to require the Rangers to lower their standards and to have a quota for Black females and mestizos. The Rangers have been sharply criticized, along with the Army’s Special Forces and the Navy’s Seals, for being too White and too male. It’s past time for all of these elite groups to be equalized and feminized.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
5
The Rangers, 1 am pleased to note, did not cave in quiedy to the attempt to equalize them with the rest of the Army. They raised hell about it and won a good bit of support from many other people, including some influential people. The Army politicians refused to back down on their decision to give black berets to every-body, but under pressure they grudgingly gave permission, just a few days ago, for the Rangers to switch to tan berets, thus maintaining — for a while — their distinctiveness.
Aside from the Rangers, unfortunately, there aren’t many segments of our society who have had the pride and self-respect to stand up to the equalizers. Most have gone along qui-
edy. Many have gone along enthusiastically, hoping to curry favor with the equalizers.
So what do we do? How do we go about restoring our manhood? Unfortunately, for America as a whole it’s not as simple as it would have been for the Whites in that Mardi Gras crowd in Seatde. It’s not just a matter of a few of us grabbing fence posts and splitting Black skulls. The first thing we must do is stop the flow of Jewish lies and Jewish poison and Jewish filth into every American living room and every American classroom. That is an enormous task, an extremely difficult task. We are taking now one small, first step toward the accomplishment of that task by coun-
tering the lies and the poison with these American Dissident Voices broadcasts. Only a small fraction of our people hears these broadcasts now. We need to reach many more of our people before we can take the next step. You can help us reach that next step sooner by telling your friends and neighbors and co-workers about these broadcasts. Please do it!
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Countering the Pbison,” aired on March 24, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Diversity Is Our Strength
Three or four years ago the slogan most diligendy promoted by the controlled mass media was “diversity is our strength.” Posters with this slogan and a broad, multi-hued band of stripes representing skin colors of various races were displayed in classrooms and workplaces all over the country. Clothing advertisements in all of the slick, yuppie magazines pushed the same theme. The idea was that the fewer White people and the more Blacks and Browns and Yellows we have in America, the stronger and more prosperous we’ll be.
I had friends who laughed at this propaganda campaign. They couldn’t believe that anything so stupid would catch on. I didn’t laugh, because I had learned long ago that P.T. Bar-num was right on target when he said that no one had ever lost a nickel by underestimating the intelligence of the American public. Actually, it’s not that the public is stupid in the sense that they can’t learn how to tie their shoes or get across the street safely. It is that the public will believe anything if they believe that others believe it That’s the lemming factor. And this “diversity is our strength” brainwashing campaign was pushed hard. You saw this foolishness wherever you looked. And pretty soon it was clear that the lemmings had begun to believe it My hate mail began containing indignant questions such as, “Why ate you against immigration?
Don’t you know that diversity is our strength?”
This promotion by the Clinton government and the media of the nutty idea that the more diversity we have the stronger we are didn’t really change any policies or trends. I suspect that the aim of the media bosses in launching it was to head off growing resdessness about the refusal of the government to control America’s borders. Illegal immigrants were pouring into the country — and of course, still are — and the Clinton government was pretending not to notice, but many ordinary citizens were noticing and weren’t happy. The media bosses decided to stifle the criticism of the Clinton government’s immigration policies by persuading the lemmings that immigration, legal or illegal, is a good thing, as long as the immigrants aren’t White, because non-White immigrants add to our “diversity” and thereby make the country stronger.
And the government kept doing just what it had been doing, and the diversity has kept increasing. The consequences are catching up with us, and they aren’t good — but the diversity-mongers are maintaining their pretense that we’re becoming stronger and stronger by becoming less and less White. A few days ago I saw a brief report on the CNN news program I watch about the increasing diversity in America’s classrooms. More and more of the children in
America’s schools were born in the Third World, or their parents were, and, oh, isn’t it a wonderful thing? Just imagine how much stronger our schools are than they used to be!
Well, yes: we have a lot more metal detectors in the schools than we used to. I guess that’s a sign of strength. We’ve had more school shootings since the beginning of the Clinton era than in the whole prior existence of the United States. The experience of dodging bullets undoubtedly strengthens the students. The pregnancy rate of unwed White female teenagers in the schools is approaching the Black rate. Probably that’s a sign of strength too.
One of the nuttiest expositions of the “diversity is our strength” creed that I’ve heard is the one put forth by Federal Judge Patrick Duggan last December in his ruling on a discrimination suit against the University of Michigan by two White students who were denied admission while less-qualified non-White students were admitted. The judge, in ruling against the White students and in favor of the university’s racial quota system, abandoned the old liberal argument that quotas are needed to make up for supposed past injustices to Blacks and other non-Whites. The reason for making the university more “diverse,” according to the judge, was not to benefit minorities. It was to benefit the university and its White students. The real goal of our universities is not
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH
for April 2001
Typical "Diversity is Our Strength" propaganda
to educate students in the traditional sense but rather to condition them to become “active participants in our pluralistic, democratic society once they leave."
Judge Duggan believes — or says he believes — that racial diversity strengthens the university and the White students in it by rubbing their noses in as much diversity as possible and thus conditioning them for life in the New World Order of democracy and muldculturalism where there will be no White majority in America or anywhere else, if he and his kind are successful. It's worth noting that Judge Duggan, if his name means any-
thing, is not a Jew but an Irishman. Furthermore, he was appointed to the Federal bench not by some far-left Clinton nutcase but by Ronald Reagan. He doesn’t have to pretend to believe such destructive foolishness in order to keep his job. And unfortunately, there are lots of other judges and bureaucrats, both Jewish and non-Jewish, who believe or pretend to believe the same thing. At least, that’s the party line they’re pushing. That is frightening.
“Diversity is our strength." You know what that reminds me of: “War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.” In case you don’t
recognize them, those were the official slogans of the government of Oceania in George Orwell’s novel 1984.
Let me tell you what kind of “strength” comes from our diversity. Alienation is the primary product of diversity. People who live in a homogeneous society, where the people they work with and interact with every day are similar to them — that is, look similar, have similar values and attitudes, react in similar ways to events — people in a homogeneous society tend to bond with the people around them. They tend to feel a sense of community. They tend to feel a sense of security from having people like them around them. They seek the approval of the people with whom they have bondeef. They feel a sense of responsibility and protectiveness toward these people. With good leadership and reasonably good human stock, the community is strong.
Take away the homogeneity, and you gready reduce the likelihood of bonding. Instead of a community you have simply a collection of individuals, and each of those individuals is thinking, at least at a subconscious level, “It’s every man for himself.” Without homogeneity you no longer have a common set of shared values. Antisocial behavior goes way up: schoolyard shootings and drug usage, for example. Neurotic and psychotic behavior goes way up too. Diversity is a real boon for the psychiatrists. Borderline people, who would adjust reasonably well in a homogeneous community, are much more likely to go over the edge and become neurotic or psychotic as the diversity increases.
Without homogeneity the individuals in the society have a weaker sense of identity, a weaker sense of who they are and of what they belong to. They’re much less likely to find positive role models among the real people around them:	among their
teachers and neighbors and community leaders. They’re much less likely to have constructive goals or to lead purposeful and useful lives.
Our people’s instincts remain pretty much the same even as our environment changes and becomes more “diverse.” Our young people still seek role models. We still seek to bond with others and to share their values and attitudes. When we no longer can find what we seek among real people around us, many find
© 2001 « National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
their role models and their values and attitudes in the artificial world of the media. Which is to say, instead of nat-ural role models, they find artificial role models designed by the men who control our mass media: role models designed by the masters of brainwashing who are deliberately destroying our civilization. That too is frightening.
You want more specifics? Classroom diversity — the thing 1 heard CNN bragging about and the thing Judge Duggan thinks is a real bonus for White students — has made a wasteland out of America’s public schools and is rapidly doing the same thing to our universities. I’m a physicist myself, and so when I was a student I spent most of my time in very specialized mathematics and science courses. But for most university students — certainly, for those taking a general course of study — the most important courses are history and literature. Those are the subjects which more than any others strengthen a student’s sense of identity and his feeling for the civilization he has inherited from his forebears. Those are the subjects that give him a knowledge of and appreciation of the traditions of his people and a sense of responsibility to protect their cultural and racial heritage.
It is for exacdy this reason that history and literature are the subjects that have suffered most at the hands of the diversity-mongers. The last thing in the world they want is for White students to develop a strong sense of identity or a sense of community with their own kind. That frightens people such as Judge Duggan as much as his nightmare vision of a multicultural world in which a White minority must adapt to the whims and ways of a non-White majority should frighten any normal, spiritually healthy White person.
So how do the diversity-mongers prevent, say, White children in a sixth-grade classroom from beginning to develop a sense of racial identity and an interest in the history and traditions of their own people? Well, the answer is obvious: give the White kids a big dose of diversity. Put lots of Blacks and Vietnamese and mestizos in the classroom with them. Then, instead of teaching them about things European — instead of having them read about Greek mythology — about
free speech for April 2001
Zeus and Apollo and Aphrodite — and about the empire-building exploits of Alexander and Caesar in the ancient world and about the nation-building accomplishments in the New World of Patrick Henry and George Washington and Thomas Jefferson, pump them full of fraudulent Black history: not just during Black History Month, but every month of the year. Teach them about how the heardess, mercenary White plantation owners rounded up millions of happy, carefree Africans, put them in chains, and made them work as slaves in order to enrich their White masters. Teach them how the thieving gringos stole half of the United States from the peace-loving mestizos and the other half from the Native Americans, and about how the Yankee imperialists economically exploited the cultured, altruistic peoples of Asia.
Instead of having them read the stuffy literature of dead, White males, give them a big dose of lesbian resentment against our patriarchal society. Immerse them in Ebonics and the ravings of Black nationalists. Teach them that in music Puffy Combs and Dr. Dre really have it all over Mozart and Beethoven. Make their heads spin. Condition them to become “active participants in our pluralistic, democratic society,” as Judge Duggan said. But be sure the metal detectors are working, because not everyone reacts well to the conditioning.
In past broadcasts I have emphasized the Jewish role in this destructive business of diversity-mongering — and, indeed, one can hardly overemphasize that role, because the media under Jewish control have been the major driving force behind the “diversity is our strength” propaganda campaign. But we should note that the Jews are not the only ones promoting this destructive wickedness.
It really hurts me to talk about this, but the fact is that a very substantial portion of the White people who should be providing leadership for us now have turned against their own race — and it’s not just the judges and the politicians and the bureaucrats. Much of the rest of the White elite — the wealthy and the powerful and the influential — have sided with the Jewish media bosses in the campaign to force diversity on the rest of us. In some cases the reason for this
7
treason is religious or ideological. Although there undoubtedly is a correlation between wealth and intelligence, wealth alone does not guarantee independence of mind, nor does it guarantee principled behavior. Just as there are blue-collar lemmings and white-collar lemmings, there also are some very wealthy lemmings.
Beyond this, I am sorry to say, there still is much class prejudice, socioeconomic prejudice, in America and also in other White countries. Just as there are people who are resentful by nature and hate anyone they perceive as having more than they have, or being more talented or better looking or more successful, so also are there snobs, who really believe that their wealth makes them better and more deserving than those who have less wealth. They really believe that they don’t need the test of their race. They believe that they can continue to be wealthy and privileged on their own strength alone. They do not see themselves as merely a small and temporary part of something larger and more permanent and infinitely more important than themselves. They are completely self-centered. They support the Jews’ open-borders policy because it ensures that they will have not only cheaper labor in their factories, but also a steady supply of gardeners for their estates; cooks and cleaning women for their mansions; chauffeurs for their limousines. Their attitude is that the competition from non-Whites will keep the working-class Whites in their place and compel them to work a litde harder for a little less pay.
Even the prospect of large-scale miscegenation does not displease them. Blending the non-wealthy Whites with the non-Whites to produce a dull and degenerate, coffee-colored working class increases the distance between the masses and the elite and magnifies their own sense of superiority. In other words, they believe, with Judge Duggan, that conditioning for life in a “multicultural, democratic” world is what’s good for the hoi polloi — but of course, not for the elite.
We’re all familiar with the phrase “limousine liberal.” Unfortunately, it’s not just wealthy liberals who believe that the social experiments they’re perfecdy willing to impose on working-class and middle-class Whites
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
Seventh-graders in North Carolina celebrate Black History Month.
shouldn’t be imposed on them and their rich friends. There are all too many rich conservatives with the same attitude. For them, pushing for more diversity in America means being able to wrap themselves in the cloak of Political Correctness and having a favorable press — or at least, avoiding the unfavorable press which is an ever-present hazard for rich conservatives who do not support Politically Correct policies. Just like the rich liberals, their attitude is, yes, indeed, force the working-class White kids to go to school with Blacks and mestizos if that’s what the Jewish media demand, but my kids will go to private schools in Switzerland with personal bodyguards.
I m sure that wealthy people weren’t always inclined toward race treason the way so many today are. In normal times the wealthy were much more connected to the other social classes. The wealthy may have been selfish, they may have been unfair, but they understood that they were part of the race. They understood that their fate was tied to that of the other social classes. They were at least as concerned about the fate of the nation, the fate of the race, as any member of the middle class. They identified with their nation and with their race. But today most of them do not They are as alienated as everyone else. The attitude of the wealthy, like that of the ocher classes, has become, “it’s every man for himself.”
And when I imagine myself in their shoes, I think I can understand that attitude. They look at the absolutely insane behavior of our society, of our government, and of most of our people. It scares the hell out of them, just the way it does any nonlemming, any person still able to think for himself, regardless of his social class. They see the government refusing to enforce its own immigration laws. They see our cities filling up with non-Whites from the Third World, and nobody’s doing anything to stop it. The media are telling everyone it’s wonderful that were getting so much more diversity. The government is telling everyone it’s wonderful. The Christian preachers are telling everyone it's wonderful. And the lemmings are parroting what they hear: “Isn’t it wonderful that we’re getting so much more diversity!”
The wealthy man observes this insanity, and he thinks to himself: “Everyone else may be crazy, but I don’t have to let this insanity destroy me and my family. I’ll just use my wealth to insulate myself from it. Why should I worry what all of these insane people do to themselves, as long as I can escape from it myself? Our civilization is sinking fast, but fortunately I have a lifeboat, and it’s every man for himself,”
And I must admit that I have come close to thinking that way myself. I took a trip out to Los Angeles not so long ago — the first time l’d been there since I was a graduate stu-
dent at Caltech back in the 1950s -and let me tell you, if you like diversity, Los Angeles is the place for you to be. What a cesspit of diversity! The entire infrastructure out there is non-White: the cab drivers and the bus drivers and the sales clerks and the waiters and the cooks and the road crews and all of the hotel and motel workers. About the only White people I saw were a few men in business suits carrying briefcases. And these few Whites seem to have no clue as to how vulnerable they are. They think everything is normal, the way it ought to be.
Anyway, you see people of otherwise normal intelligence mindlessly parroting such idiotic nonsense as diversity is our strength” while the ravages of diversity are so apparent all around them, and your first impulse is just to give up. You think to yourself, a race so stupid, so blind, so easily and willingly manipulated and controlled by the Jews, doesn’t deserve to survive. But then you remember, hey, I’m part of that race. I’m not wealthy enough to have my own lifeboat, and most of you arent either. We aren’t able to insulate ourselves with money from the insanity all around us. If the ship sinks, we drown — or get eaten by the sharks. We don’t have the luxury of being able to look down our noses at the foolish behavior of the rest of our people. We are obliged to do something to change that behavior. If we want to save ourselves we must compel many others to save themselves as well, whether they want to or not.
When a man wants to save himself, the first thing he must do is try to understand his situation. When he wants to help others save themselves, the first thing he must do is help them understand their situation. That is what we in the National Alliance are trying to do: wc are trying to help all of our people understand their situation. That’s a difficult task, but also a necessary task. You can help with that work too. It is your responsibility to help.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Diversity Is Our Strength,” aired on March 31, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
© 2001 • National Vanguard Hooks I Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
9
As Ye Sow....
First, I want to admit to an error I made in last week’s broadcast. I attributed to the circus impresario P.T. Barnum the statement that no one ever lost a nickel by underestimating the intelligence of the American public. At least two alert listeners have since pointed out to me that the statement actually was made by the journalist and writer H.L Mencken. The statement for which P.T. Barnum should be remembered is that a sucker is born every minute.
Last week we talked about the rewards of increasing “diversity” in America. The primary reward is the growth in alienation as young Americans fail to develop a healthy sense of racial identity and fail to find satisfactory role models. Diversity goes up, and homogeneity simultaneously goes down. And as homogeneity disappears, so does the individual’s sense of community, of belonging, of identity.
And we also talked about many of the side benefits of diversity: rising suicide rates, a gready increased incidence of neuroses and psychopathologies, more schoolyard shootings, a growing pregnancy rate among unwed White teenagers, the confusion and loss of values, lowered academic standards, the trashing of the history and literature curricula in our universities, and a number of other consequences of the diversity being visited upon us by the government and the Jewish media.
And America isn’t the only nation ruined by the diversity-mongers. If you’ve been paying attention to the news of what’s happening in the Balkans, you will have noticed that the bloodshed and misery begun there by the determination of Madeleine Albright and the Clinton government to ram multiculturalism down the throats of the Serbs is still spreading. The killing going on in Macedonia now is a direct consequence of the Clinton government’s bombing of Belgrade in order to force the Serbs to accept the multicultural-ization of Serbia’s Kosovo province. If you remember, the excuse given by Madeleine Albright and her kosher crew was that the wicked Serbs were mistreating the Albanian minority in
Kosovo, who merely wanted to live in multicultural bliss with the Serbs.
Well, of course, the Albanians wanted no such thing. They wanted exacdy what the Serbs wanted: namely to have Kosovo all to themselves. So as soon as Madeleine’s hired gunmen shifted the balance of power in Kosovo and forced the Serb army out, the Albanians, instead of hugging their Serb neighbors began killing and terrorizing them. The Serbs fled for their lives, and now the Albanians run Kosovo, except for a few all-Serb enclaves. And more recendy the Albanians have decided that what worked in Kosovo should work in neighboring Macedonia, where they also have a sizable minority. And so now we have Slavs and Albanians killing each other in Macedonia. What the Clinton government’s effort to multicultur-alize Kosovo has done, in other words, is cause the bloodshed and violence and unhappiness in the area to increase gready. Before Madeleine there was a more-or-less peaceful status quo. Serbs occasionally killed Albanians, and Albanians occasionally killed Serbs. Now there is chaos and wholesale bloodshed.
Without outside coercion, people generally choose to live among their own kind. Sometimes they fight against other ethnic or racial groups, but the fighting is minimized by maintaining separation and allowing the various groups to run their own affairs and live according to their own customs. Then a multiculturalist comes along and tells everyone that it is wicked for people to mind their own business, that what they should do instead is mind everyone else’s business, and the result is great unhappiness for everyone concerned, except for the multiculturalist, who sees his work as minding other people’s business and forcing people to live with people they don’t want to live with.
Actually, the multiculturalists began their lethal meddling in the Balkans a long time ago. After the First World War they thought it would be nice to take a bunch of different peoples, Croats and Serbs and Slovenes and Montenegrins and Albanians and Macedonians — some
Muslim, some Catholic, some Eastern Orthodox — abolish the borders between them, and force them all to live together multiculturally in a new, artificial country called Yugoslavia. The communists held this artificial, multicultural creation together with the threat of bayonets and firing squads, but after the collapse of communism, the various groups which had been forced to live together were at one another’s throats, fighting to have their own territories where they could live by themselves again without outside interference.
Actually, there’s more to the story. There are two types of multicultural-ists. There are the cold-blooded butcher types, like Madeleine Albright and her kosher crew, who have no ideological commitment to multiculturalism, but who use it as a weapon in their ongoing war against the rest of the world. And there are the wet multiculturalists, the ideological multiculturalists, who really believe that no one should be permitted to mind his own business. They really believe that mixing all sorts of different people together and then having the government enforce their togetherness is the right way.
When the bloodshed begins, the Madeleine Albright types laugh up their sleeves, and the wet types tear their hair out and try to figure what went wrong. After die Mardi Gras race riot in Seatde a month ago, the Madeleine Albright types were concentrating on keeping the news suppressed: keeping it from reaching the rest of the country, lest it cause some of the sheep to have second thoughts about the advantages of more “diversity.” The wet multiculturalists were wringing their hands in distress and whining, “Oh, why can’t we all just learn to get along with each other.”
The wets are still trying to figure it out, still making excuses for the Blacks, still trying to explain their behavior in a Politically Correct way, and they are distressed at the reaction they are getting from a substantial portion of the White public. Many Whites are continuing to express outrage in letters to newspapers and on the radio talk shows in Seatde over the failure of the police to protect
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
IBM: too lucrative of a target for the Jews to ignore
Whites and to arrest Blacks in the riot from fear of being accused of “racial profiling.” They also are complaining about the reluctance of local prosecu-tors to charge Black rioters with “hate crimes,” although many Blacks were shouting, “Let’s get a Whitey,” as they attacked Whites.
Actually, Seattle provides an amusing illustration of multicultural' ism at work. The city is filled with very wet soccer moms and White yuppies, all claiming allegiance to multi' cultural ideals. Now they’re trying to find excuses for why it didn’t work.
For wet multiculturalists to be happy in the long run, they need to practice their multiculturalism at a distance: they need to get the government to impose it on other people. When it comes home to roost in their own backyards, they have problems dealing with it.
Well, there also are other chick' ens coming home to roost. Ever since the Second World War the United States has been a hardworking attack dog and collection agency for the world’s lews. The whole world had treated tne poor, innocent, inoffensive
Jews so terribly, that the U.S. govern' ment would force the rest of the world to pay reparations to the Jews for mis' treating them. First it was the Germans who were forced by the U.S. occupation army to cough up tens of billions of dollars for the Jews. Then it was the Swiss, who were threatened by the U.S. Congress with boycotts if they didn’t pay the Jews. And so it went The French had taken some of their property, and the Jews wanted it back. The Swedes had traded with Germany during the war, and had been paid by the Germans with Jewish gold, and the Jews wanted it back.
I predicted a couple of years ago that eventually the Jews would get around to us. Most people thought me wrong when I made that prediction. After all, it was the United States Army that pulled the Jews’ chestnuts out of the fire in Europe during the Second World War. If the United States had remained neutral and had made plain its intention to remain neutral, there need never have been a war in Western Europe. Germany need never have fought France and Britain and the United States. Germany would have smashed the Soviet Union, destroyed communism, and chased the Jews out of central and Eastern Europe forever. But the United States, under Franklin Roosevelt, secredy pledged its support to Britain if Britain would fight Germany until America could find an excuse to get into the war. It was American bombs that destroyed German cities and killed millions of German civilians. It was American intervention that permitted communism to survive and that also permitted hordes of communist rapists and murderers from the East to swarm over a defeated Germany. It was America that wreaked a Jewish vengeance on Germany and the German people for daring to raise their hands against the Jews. And after the war it was America that gave billions of dollars of aid to the fledgling state of Israel and made it possible for the Jews of Israel to prevail over their neighbors and seize Arab land.
So how could the Jews possibly have the gall to demand reparations from America, which always has been their biggest benefactor.7 What possible basis could they have for demanding reparations from us? People thought me silly for making such a
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
prediction. Well, those chickens started coming home to roost last year, when the Jews filed claims against Ford and IBM and other American companies which had had subsidiaries in Germany before the Second World War. Because the German government had forced Jews to work in German defense industries during the war — and those industries included some of the German subsidiaries of American companies, the Jews claimed back wages from the American parent companies. But that was just the preliminary skirmish. Now a whole flock of chickens has arrived.
In a lawsuit filed a few weeks ago in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, Jewish groups representing so-called “Holocaust survivors” are demanding $40 billion dollars. The U.S. government, the Jews claim, foiled to bomb and destroy the rail lines leading to Auschwitz, the big labor camp in Poland where the Germans produced synthetic rubber and other war materials using Jewish workers and where, the Jews claim, four million of them died in gas chambers. According to the Jewish complaint, if the Americans had bombed the rail lines to Auschwitz, then the Germans wouldn’t have been able to send all of those Jews to Auschwitz to be gassed, and they presumably would have survived the war. The Americans didn’t bomb the rail lines to Auschwitz because there were many anti-Semites leading the American war effort, and they didn’t want to do anything to save the Jews.
To me it sounds like a lamebrained argument: They say that if the Americans had bombed the rail lines to Auschwitz then the Germans, being a pretty dull and unimaginative bunch, wouldn’t have been able to figure out what to do with the Jews they intended to send there to be gassed. But the Americans didn’t bomb the rail lines because they didn’t really want to save the Jews. That’s the argument being made, and the Jews want $40 billion from the U.S. government The specific charge being made by the Jews against the Americans is “complicity in genocide.”
It sounds preposterous, but I think it’ll work. Can you imagine anyone in the media laughing at the Jews’ claim that the Americans should pay
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
them $40 billion for “complicity in genocide”? I think the media will take it all very seriously. Can you imagine any American politician speaking out against the Jews’ claim? I think they will foil all over themselves to support it as the case begins to generate more headlines in the months ahead.
I think that the Jews will get their money, and it will come from our pockets, and it will serve us right. And then the feeding frenzy will begin. And why not? The rule is, never give a sucker an even break, and we certainly are the world’s champion suckers.
I don’t mean to imply that in this latest claim the Jews are simply holding out their hands and saying, “Giff us your money!” There will be all sorts of the standard legalistic hocus-pocus generated with smoke and mirrors in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia in the coming weeks and months. They will spend months presenting a huge amount of evidence and testimony to prove that we really are guilty of “complicity in genocide” and that we really do owe them $40 billion. That’s easy enough to do, of course, when you have your opponents so terrified of being labeled “anti-Semites” that they won’t put up a defense.
For example, one batch of evidence the Jews will present in court is that in 1943 and 1944 430,000 Jews were deported from Hungary to Auschwitz, and all that would have been required to prevent these deportations would have been the bombing of the rail bridges from Hungary to Poland. The Americans had air superiority and easily could have bombed the bridges if they had wanted to, but they didn’t. The Americans, therefore, are guilty of “complicity in genocide” for the claimed gassing of those 430,000 Jews from Hungary. Furthermore. the Jews claim, those 430,000 Jews had $2 billion worth of valuables with them when they were deported: gold jewelry, coins, precious stones, and so on. After the war that $2 billion in valuables was looted by American troops. The Jews want it back — from us. I think that it’s poetic justice for the Jews to gouge that money out of a bunch of cowardly hypocrites like us who are afraid to stand up to them and have been their bullyboys against the rest of the world for so long.
And there are other chickens coming home to roost soon. For more
11
than 50 years we have helped the Jews plunder and murder the other peoples of the Middle East: not just the Palestinians, but the Egyptians and the Iraqis and the Lebanese and the Syrians and the Jordanians and the rest. And they've all just taken it. We kick them in the teeth at the behest of the Jews, and they don’t kick back. We’ve assumed that they will keep on taking it forever without kicking back. A big part of the reason they’ve let us kick them in the teeth for so long is corrupt leadership. We’ve been paying off several of the governments over there to let the Jews do whatever they want to do. The Egyptian government of Hosni Mubarak even has passed laws prohibiting Egyptians from writing or saying anything critical of the Jews. That hopped-up little excuse for a king the Jordanians used to have until recendy was afraid he would lose his status as an international jet-setter and playboy if he got out of line. The Saudis and many of the other oil sheikhs of the Persian Gulf are making too much money selling their oil to the Americans to give us any trouble. Just last month the government of Lebanon banned an international conference of historical scholars scheduled for Beirut, because in their writings some of those scholars have deviated from the Politically Correct line laid down by the Jews on who was to blame for the Second World War and what happened during that war. The Jews asked the Lebanese government to ban the conference, and that’s what the Lebanese government
did,
But all of that is beginning to change. A new generation of young militant artists and intellectuals is opting out of the corrupt and shameful suhsetvience that has been the rule for Arabs in the Middle East for so long. These young militants are capable of much more than simply strapping explosives around themselves under a coat and then walking into a crowd of Israelis and blowing themselves up. They are writing poetry and music and novels and essays and editorials and film scripts that their corrupt political leaders have declared illegal, but that nevertheless are circulating in hundreds of thousands of copies among their people. Young militant film directors are making films that their governments have banned but that nevertheless are
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
being seen on videos that go from hand to hand. Illegal songs that denounce Israel, the Jews, and the United States are being sold openly on CDs in Cairo and sung defiandy in public by young people. At the top of the charts now is the song “I Hate Israel.” It was inspired by televised scenes of the Jews shooting a 12-year' old Palestinian boy to death in the arms of his father last September.
Songs and films may not seem like much against U.S. aircraft carriers and Israeli terror weapons, but this rapidly growing militancy among young Arab intellectuals and artists is very significant In the past the sui' cide bombers have been mosdy young religious fanatics, poor and unedu-cated, and they weren’t much better at building an effective bomb than the average Ku Kluxer in this country. The new generation of bomb-makers will be brighter, better educated, wealthier, and better connected. Some of them, like Osama bin Laden of the older generation, also may be religious, but the important thing is that the affluent sons and daughters of the corrupt Arab leadership are finding it fashionable now to be nationally con-
scious, to support the oppressed Pa1-estinians and Iraqis, and to take action against the newly perceived enemies of their people.
I have no specific knowledge of what those actions will be, of course, but I suspect that they will be more sophisticated and more carefully planned and executed than the suicide bombings of the past — or even the World Trade Center bombing in New York in 1993. If we see unexpected outbreaks of foot-and-mouth disease at 50 different locations at the same time in the United States, with the consequent devastation of our entire livestock industry, we’ll know that some of our chickens have come home to roost George Bush and the other corrupt flunkies of the Jews in America can ratde their aircraft carriers and rage about “cowardly acts of terrorism,” and the corrupt leaders of the Arab world can imprison or shoot their own sons and daughters in an effort to hang onto their wealth and power, but the chickens will keep coming. That is a promise.
It’s foolish even to think about trying to keep the chickens away at this late date. Historical events usually
are connected. One follows from another. The course of history can be changed, if one looks ahead far enough, but it’s like changing the course of a moving locomotive. We won’t accomplish much by pushing on the side of the locomotive as it’s going past, but if we get far enough ahead and move the tracks in front of the locomotive, we can change the direction in which it will go.
We ceased being vigilant a long time ago. We became shortsighted. We allowed weak men and corrupt men to lead us for too long. We allowed the Jews into our society. We will pay the price for that, and it will be a terrible price. But perhaps even now we can plan ahead and do something about moving the tracks in front of the locomotive.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “As Ye Sow....,” aired on April 7, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
Shocking Differences
During the past couple of weeks we’ve spoken a bit about the “diversity” being pushed so vigorously by the government and by the Jewish media, and I apparendy made some irreverent remarks on this very sensitive topic which gready offended some of our more Politically Correct listeners, because I’ve received a number of letters from listeners who were practically in tears.
The general tenor of these letters is: “Why can’t we all just learn to get along with each other? We’re really all the same. The only difference between us is skin color; why is that so important to you? Why do you hate people just because they’re from a different country? By coming here with their different customs they enrich our lives.” Et cetera. Some of the letters were more on the weepy, hand-wringing side, and some were more on die belligerent, hateful side, but they were all written by folks who are distressed that I want to stop the flow of non-White immigrants into
America, boot out the ones who’re already here, and then hunt down and hang the people who arranged to bring them here.
Some folks just can’t understand why I want to do that. I must have spoken with a dozen interviewers for the mass media who asked me: “What’s wrong with multicuituralism? Why do you think it’s bad?” That’s exactly what I was asked by a pretty, young woman reporter for a German television news program last week. And I believe that she was sincere. She really didn’t understand. That’s the lemming factor. The girl wasn’t stupid. It’s just that her brain is wired in such a way that she is incapable of absorbing any information or reaching any conclusion that is Politically Incorrect
If multicuituralism and diversity were not promoted by the controlled mass media — if wanting to have a clean, White America were still Politically Correct, the way it was here, say, 50 years ago, and also the way it was
in her country until 1945 — then she would be able to understand perfeedy well why multicuituralism is socially, culturally, and racially destructive. She would agree completely with me. But because it is unfashionable to understand such things now, she can’t. And I don’t mean that she doesn’t want to understand; I mean that she can’t understand. That is the way lemmings function.
I’ve often thought about how we might rearrange the wiring in a lemming’s brain and permit him or her to understand what is blocked out by the overwhelming compulsion to conform, to be fashionable. I’ve spoken in the past, only half jokingly, about the oak-table-leg method of persuasion: about putting a lemming on a diet of 500 calories a day and beating him half to death with an oak table leg about once a day until he gets his thinking straightened out. That’s the method the communists used in their so-called “labor reeducation” camps, and it seems to have worked pretty
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
well. It’s also the method the Allies used on the German population after the Second World War to make them realize the error of their ways in supporting Hider. Eventually they had most of the Germans blaming Hider for their suffering instead of the people who were raping, beating, looting, and starving them.
Well, of course, I can’t use trauma and privation as an educational method, but perhaps it is nevertheless possible to shock a lemming to his senses. I don’t know, but it is something you might like to try for yourself. So with that in mind let’s talk for a moment about the Chinese. The Chinese are a people with whom we are rapidly becoming more and more closely involved, both through trade and through immigration. And the properiy conditioned lemming will tell you that there’s absolutely nothing wrong with that. The Chinese, after all, are exacdy like us, except that they speak a different language, are a litde darker, and have slanted eyes. They add wonderfully to our “diversity” here. They enrich our culture by their presence.
Well, actually they’re not quite like us. They have different customs, and those different customs come from a different way of looking at the world, a different attitude toward life, and that different attitude evolved over the course of thousands of generations of living in a different environment from the environment in which our ancestors lived. For example, the Chinese eat babies and see nothing wrong in it. And what they do to cats and dogs they get their hands on is too horrible, too sickening, for me to describe here. What they do to cats and dogs is much worse than just eating them. But to get back to babies: I had heard reports from time to time about the Chinese custom of eating babies in the belief that it is an especially healthy thing to do. For a modem nuclear superpower, the Chinese have some strange ideas about health. These ideas have nearly wiped out a number of species of wild animals because of the insatiable Chinese demand for their body parts. Ground rhinoceros horn is in such demand that it has seriously threatened the rhinoceros with extinction. The same sort of demand exists for tiger penises and various bear parts.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Chinese are profoundly different from Europeans
Human babies are harder to get for eating, and I imagine that there are laws in China about killing babies for that purpose. But there seems to be no law against eating aborted human fetuses. A number of hospitals in China that perform abortions sell the aborted fetuses for eating. The smaller fetuses are cooked in a soup. The late-term fetuses are eaten more like roast suckling pig. The Chinese government understandably is a litde bashful about having Western journalists publicize this sort of thing, just as it is bashful about having Western journalists film what the Chinese do to cats and dogs. Not to worry, though: Western journalists understand that it would be the worst kind of “no, no” to publish such information in the West; it might dampen the public’s enthusiasm for more togetherness with the Chinese.
Despite the effort on both sides to keep these peculiar customs of the Chinese from becoming better known in the West, information is available to the diligent seeker. I recendy acquired photographs taken in a restaurant in China of a Chinese man eating what is quite plainly recognizable as a late-term human fetus. The photographs are shocking and disgusting to me, and I imagine that they also will be shocking and disgusting to the average American lemming. They won’t be shocking to Chinese,
of course. Eating fetuses is no stranger to them than, say, the habit of eating snails in garlic sauce is to a Frenchman.
The significance I see in the Chinese habit of eating fetuses, even if only the wealthier Chinese can afford them, is more than simply a difference between us and the Chinese in culinary tastes or in ideas of what’s healthy. A society that sees nothing wrong in eating babies, a race that finds this habit acceptable, is profoundly different from ours. The difference is far deeper than language or skin color or facial features.
Now, I don’t hate the Chinese because they aren’t White. I don’t hate them for being different I don’t even hate them because they see nothing wrong in eating aborted babies. That’s their business. I do have stronger feelings about what they do to cats and dogs, and if I had the power to do so I would depopulate China in order to put a stop to that. But if they want to eat Chinese fetuses, I don’t care — so long as they do it in China, not here. But they will be doing it here if we permit the criminal insanity of multiculturalism to continue. And it won’t be just Chinese who’ll be doing it. Think how much the customs and the morals of White Americans already have changed under the influence of the multiculturalism we already have here.
14
I’m not telling you that if more Chinese come to America we’ll all be eating babies. I believe that most of us, even our lemmings, will retain an instinctive block against that sort of thing. But the Chinese nevertheless will change our culture. More impor-tant, they will change our attitudes, our morals. If we have a lot of Chinese immigrants in America eating fetuses, you can bet your bottom dollar that any White American who publicly expresses his disgust, his disapproval of this habit, will be denounced by our Jewish media as a “hater,” a “bigot,” a “racist,” and so on. Christian preachers will be issuing a call for more tolerance. Politically ambitious prosecutors and police officials will announce to the media that they are looking into the possibility of filing “hate speech” charges against the White person who made the offensive remarks.
You know that’s what would happen because it’s what already has been happening with other phases of the campaign to multiculturalize America. The lemmings adjust to it in the same way frogs in a kettle over a fire adjust to the gradually increasing temperature of the water. But at this time the idea of eating babies probably still will shock most lemmings, just as taking a frog from a kettle of cold water and dropping him into a kettle of boiling water will shock the frog.
Would you like to try it? Send me a 9-inch by 12-inch, self-addressed envelope with 55 cents postage on it, and I’ll send you two photographs, each approximately eight by ten inches in size. One is of a Chinese man in a restaurant in China carrying a plate with a large, late-term human fetus. The other photograph shows him sitting at a table and eating the dismembered fetus. The head of the fetus is still attached to the torso, and the features are clearly distinguishable. They are horrible, shocking, disgusting photographs. I’ll send these photographs to you free if you send me your envelope with 55 cents postage on it and promise to show the photographs to other people and get them to listen to an American Dissident Voices broadcast with you.
I want to emphasize to you again: I don’t hate Chinese because some of them in China eat babies, and the rest of them think that’s all right I don’t hate Blacks because of some of
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
the things they do in Africa that I find disgusting. That’s their business — as long as they stay in China or in Africa, as the case may be. I just don’t want them here. I don’t want to see them. I don’t want to hear them. I don’t want to smell them. I don’t want to hear liberals or Jews making excuses for them. I don’t even want to think about them.
Well, the Chinese are not the only exotic ingredient in America’s multicultural stew. The Jews are a much more important exotic element because they wield so much more power in American society through their control of our mass media of news and entertainment. And there are people who will tell you, “So what7 What difference does it make if the Jews control Hollywood and television? They’re just like us, except that they have a different religion.” That is what the lemmings have been taught to believe about the Jews. But in fact, the Jews are as profoundly different from us as the Chinese are, and the difference consists in much more than the Jews’ uncanny ability to accumulate money. The Jews, like the Chinese, have a fundamentally different way of looking at the world, and this difference is based in thousands of generations of separate evolution in a different environment.
I’ll give you just one example of this difference today. This is something I first noticed when I was a junior high school student in Dallas, Texas. The school I attended was in one of Dallas’ wealthier suburbs, and there were a number of Jews in the school. What I and several of my classmates noticed about the Jews was their uniquely Jewish sense of humor. One doesn’t expect much delicacy in the jokes told by 14-year-olds, of course, but the thing that made the jokes that appealed especially to the Jews stand out was their scatological content Nearly every Jewish joke involved excrement in one way or another. As I said, this Jewish tendency was so pronounced that I and my Gentile classmates noticed it and commented on it, even though we didn’t understand it. And it wasn’t that we had an exceptionally large number of budding Howard Sterns among our Jewish classmates. The inclination toward scatology is a general Jewish characteristic. Jews themselves, including Jewish psychologists,
have commented on this Jewish trait often, explaining it in terms of the collective Jewish experience throughout history. It is real, and it is quite noticeable.
The Jews who control America’s entertainment media are men who as much as anything else want to make money, and they understand the need to keep their Jewishness from being too obvious in the entertainment they produce for Gentile consumption. At least, they used to understand that, but in the last decade or so they’ve become a lot cockier, a lot bolder. They believe that they have such a tight grip on the minds and morals of the Gentiles now that they can do and say anything they want on the television screen without danger of a Gentile reaction. They believe that they now can let all of their Jewishness hang out. And I’m not talking just about the Howard Stern types. I’m talking about the ultra-rich and powerful mainstream media moguls, Jews such as Michael Eisner and Gerald Levin and Sumner Redstone. Sumner Redstone’s MTV has been described by students of the media as the single most powerful influence on the attitudes and behavior of teenaged White girls.
I don’t watch MTV myself, and I suspect that most White parents of teenaged girls, even very liberal and trendy parents, also don’t pay attention to what their daughters are being indoctrinated with by Sumner Redstone’s MTV. An example of which I recendy became aware was brought to my attention by the filing just last week of a lawsuit against MTV in Los Angeles Superior Court. Let me give you the details: three months ago, on january 21, MTV was taping a pilot for a new show called Dude, This Sucks. Some teenaged girls were visiting the studio during the taping. A studio employee instructed them to stand on the stage in a certain place for a part of the show in which a pair of performers known as the “Shower Rangers” were to go through their routine. The girls were not told what the performance would be or how they would be involved in it.
The “Shower Rangers” were two men dressed in Boy Scout uniforms. They came on stage, turned their backs to the camera and to the teenaged spectators on the stage, dropped their trousers, bent over, and let fly
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 2001
15
with a shower of semi-liquid feces, spattering the unsuspecting girls from head to foot. Apparendy they had dosed themselves with a powerful laxative prior to the performance.
To Jews, including billionaire Jewish media moguls like the owner of CBS and MTV, Sumner Redstone, this sort of thing is hilariously funny. It’s their idea of humor. Unfortunately for MTV, however, the girls who were sprayed by MTV’s “Shower Rangers” weren’t amused, nor were their parents. Last week two of the girls sued. One of them told the court:
We were having a good time until the second act of Dude, This Sucks went on. All of a sudden I was smelling something disgusting, and I started to gag. I looked around at my friends. They were covered in something. As I looked down at myself I realized that I was too.
Another of the plaintiffs, 14-year-old Kelly Sloat, spoke of the humiliation the girls felt when they returned to school:
Everyone knew about it, even some of the teachers. Most of the kids were cracking jokes or wouldn't come near us because, even though we washed off the feces, they said we smelled. I will never, ever forget what a horrible experience this was.
The girls’ lawsuit charges MTV with “infliction of emotional distress, negligence, and battery.
I would charge MTV and Sumner Redstone with much more than that. I would charge Mr. Redstone and his fellow Jews with a deliberate effort to degrade White culture, White standards, White morality. I would charge them with attempting Co destroy all traditional ideas in young people’s minds of what is right and just and noble and beautiful and replace those traditional ideas and values with a Jewish concoction of filth and degeneracy designed to make our young people accept a Jew-dominated, multicultural pigsty society. And in my book, that’s a hanging offense.
And I assure you that when the time for hanging comes, it will not be just this one incident with the “Shower Rangers” which leaves Sumner Redstone and all of his kosher crew dancing on air. This incident is merely an illustration of a general pattern of behavior over a long period of time. I chose this illustration not just because it is current, but because it is a matter of court record. You can verify all the details for yourself. You cer-
Kelly Sloat
tainly won’t get those details from the other Jewish media.
I also chose this incident because it cannot be written off as an aberration, like some piece of Howard Stern scatology. Sumner Redstone is a mainstream Jew: one of the wealthiest, most powerful, and most influential Jews in the world. He is a leader of the Jews, a Jew to whom nearly all the other Jews look up. No one can call him an aberration. He is the essence of Jewish influence on our society. He is a Jew who is welcomed with open arms at the White House, regardless of whether a Democrat or a Republican is in residence. And he believes that what teenaged White girls need is more exposure to the “Shower Rangers.” That will loosen them up, make them more open-minded, and prepare them for sex with Black boys.
And if you’ve been paying any attention at all to the trends in entertainment for teens, you’ll understand that there’s nothing exceptional about the “Shower Rangers.” They are just one more step in the direction the Jews have been going all along: not just Sumner Redstone, but all of them, from the time they first began
taking over control of our entertainment media.
In the 1930s Gentile leaders, most of them Christians, were able to threaten Jews effectively with boycotts if they violated standards of decency. One of the most effective leaders of this effort was Joseph Breen, who helped establish the Production Code for Hollywood in 1934. Breen knew exacdy what he was up against. Of Jewish filmmakers Breen wrote in 1932:
These lousy Jews ... are simply a vile bunch of people with no respect for anything but the making of money.... These Jews seem to think of nothing but money-making and sexual indulgence.... [They! are the men and women who decide what the film fare of the nation is to be.
The Production Code constrained the Jews for a couple of decades, but with the advent of television the Jews gained far more influence over public attitudes and behavior than the churches had. The Jews could safely ignore the Code, and in the 1960s they began pushing again in the same direction Sumner Redstone is still pushing with the “Shower Rangers.”
So you see, Jews really are different. They’re not just like us any more than the Chinese are. And let me tell you something: I and a lot of other White Americans have had just about as much of the Chinese and the Jews and the Blacks and the rest of the multicultural filth here as we will tolerate. We’ve been pushed about as far as we’re willing to let ourselves be pushed. We want our country back, and we intend to take it back, and if a lot of soccer moms and yuppies and Politically Correct journalists who can’t understand that get in the way, they’re going to be hurt.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Shocking Differences,” aired on April 14, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
I... Subscribe to FREE SPEECH 11
Send $40.00, your name and address, and a note saying “I want to subscribe to FREE SPEECH” to the address j on the bottom of this page.Please remember to write clearly.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year