IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
FREE SPEECH -JUNE 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO. VI
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Shielding Evil
Dr. William Pierce
Moral AIDS
Dr. William Pierce

Our Task
Dr. William Pierce


Termites
Dr. William Pierce

Shielding Evil
The horror in Rhodesia contin-ues — the ethnic cleansing, the murder and rape and dispossession of the Whites there by the Blacks — and the media here continue to ignore what is happening there or to downplay it drastically, showing only happy mobs of Blacks chanting and dancing as they demand that more White farms be turned over to them. Certainly, I’ll be talking about Rhodesia more in the future. Today, however, let’s back off a little and look at some other things that are happening in our world that may not seem to have much to do with the genocide of our people in Rhodesia but that nevertheless can help us understand better why that genocide is happening and why the mass media here are ignoring it.
Let’s begin today with a law suit that recently ended in a British court in London. It was a libel suit that the noted British historian and writer David Irving had brought against a
Jewess, Deborah Lipstadt, who had written a book calling Irving a “Holocaust denier” and implying that he is neither an objective historian nor a truthful writer. Lipstadt’s book, published in 1994, is Denying the Holocaust: the Growing Assault on Truth and Memory. Irving’s position is that
David Irving
he is not a “Holocaust denier”; he is a “Holocaust” examiner. He is an objective historian who examines historical evidence and attempts to reach correct historical conclusions from that evidence. And, Irving said, the Jewess, Lipstadt, had damaged his professional reputation by falsely claiming otherwise. So he sued her for libel.
Now, I personally never have been involved in any sort of litigation in a British court, but I have observed the British courts in action, and it seems to me that they are approximately as corrupt as American courts. On that basis I certainly never would have sought justice in a British court. But Irving is a man of courage and conviction, and he did — and the Jews around the world reacted with outrage. They reacted to his libel suit against Deborah Lipstadt as if he were suing each of them personally, as if each of them were being threatened personally by his effort to obtain a declaration from the court that the
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
Jewess had libeled him by calling him a “Holocaust denier.”
Let’s try to understand the way in which the Jews use that term. Just from the customary meaning of the words, we would expect a “Holocaust denier” to be a person who claims that there was no “Holocaust”: that all of the Jews’ claims of being persecuted and killed by the Germans during the Second World War are lies. In other words, a “Holocaust denier” would seem to be a person who claims that no Jews were persecuted or killed. Well, there are such people. There are genuine “Holocaust deniers,” and I have met one or two of them. But there aren't many of them. Their position is untenable. Jews were killed during the war. I’ve spoken with German soldiers who killed some of them. In Poland and Russia and the Baltic states, Jews made up substantial majorities of the Communist Party apparatus, including the secret police. They had committed horrible atrocities against the non-Jewish populations among whom they lived and were bitterly hated for it. And they were sympathetic to the Soviet side throughout the war, serving as spies, saboteurs, and anti-German partisans. The Germans often rounded up Jews as hostages when the Wehrmacht moved into a new territory in the east. Then when a German soldier or official was assassinated, a group of these Jewish hostages would be shot. Furthermore, every Red Army unit had a political commissar attached to it; his job was to watch for any signs of Political Incorrectness among the troops. A very high percentage of these political commissars were Jews, and the practice of many German commanders was to separate these communist commissars from captured Soviet troops and shoot them. As I said, I’ve spoken with former German soldiers who did some of the shooting and with others who witnessed the shooting of Jews.
And many Jews were rounded up, deported, and packed into concentration camps or forced-labor camps during the war, and many of these concentration-camp inmates died from disease and malnutrition in the camps, especially toward the end
Deborah Lipstadt
of the war, when it became very difficult for the besieged Germans to continue providing adequate sanitation and nutrition to the prisoners. It’s difficult to estimate how many Jews lost their lives during the war as a result of German policies against them: perhaps half a million, perhaps a million, maybe even more. It’s also difficult to estimate how many non-Jews — Poles, Balts, Russians, Ukrainians, Croats, Germans — lost their lives during and especially after the war as a result of the policies of the Jews or the Jews’ allies against them: there were at least five million of these non-Jewish victims, perhaps as many as ten million.
Anyway, neither David Irving nor I am a “Holocaust denier,” in the common-sense meaning of the term. But that’s not the way the Jews use the term. To them the “Holocaust” is not simply the persecution or killing of the Jews during the war. It is a body of dogma consisting of thousands of specific claims, which non-Jews are required to swallow whole, without question or quibble. To the Jews a “Holocaust denier” is any non-Jew who has even one question or quibble about any of these claims. If one points out, for example, that the stories the Jews were circulating for many years after the war about dead Jews being skinned to make lampshades and about the bodies of gassed
Jews being converted into soap are lies with no basis in fact whatsoever, one is called a “Holocaust denier.” That’s the way the Jews use the term, and it’s also the way the people in their employ, such as journalists, use the term. A single quibble about fake lampshade photographs or whatever, and one is a “Holocaust denier.” That certainly is cute of them to have their own definition of the term, but not to share that definition with the general public. When they accuse someone like Irving of being a “Holocaust denier,” they want the lemmings to believe that he’s some sort of flat-earth crackpot who believes he can walk on water and who really claims that there were no concentration camps, that no Jews at all were killed during the war, and so on. They want to destroy his credibility.
And so when Deborah Lipstadt, who is a professor of the very trendy and Politically Correct new academic discipline known as “Holocaust studies” at Adanta’s Emory University, called Irving a “Holocaust denier” he sued her for trying to damage his credibility as a historian, and the Jews of the world went berserk. At any given moment there are dozens of libel suits in progress in the courts, and very few of them attract any attention, but the Jews regarded Irving’s suit against Lipstadt as a mortal threat. Mobs of shrieking Jews gathered outside the London courthouse, screaming death threats at Irving and throwing things at him each time he showed up for a hearing in connection with his suit: really remarkable behavior.
That reminds me of the sort of reaction that I often get from Jews. I was being interviewed on a New York radio talk show two weeks ago, the Alan Colmes Show, and a Jew who identified himself as “Bernie” called in from Brooklyn and was foaming with hatred as he announced how much he wanted to kill me. I thought about Brooklyn Bernie’s reaction to me and the reaction of the Jews to Irving’s law suit, and I contrasted this with the behavior of other people toward the Jews. I never have seen a Pole or a Latvian or a German or a Russian shrieking at a Jew in public that he wants to kill Jews because of
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
3
This photo shows German schoolgirls who have been made to carry placards with the names of children and infants who died during “the Holocaust.” The Jews hope that such shameless guilt-mongering will insure that they continue to receive “hands off’ treatment for many years to come.
what Jews or Jewish policies have done to his people. The Poles, for example, have suffered much more at the hands of the Jewish communists than the Jews suffered at the hands of the Germans. In 1940 Jewish communists tried to decapitate Poland. They rounded up as many of Poland’s military officers and her writers and professors and scientists and poets and other intellectuals and leaders as they could and murdered them. Many of the victims were buried in the Katyn forest, and their graves were discovered later by the German Army, but other mass graves of Polish leaders still are being discovered in Russia today.
And what do you see today? Do you see Poles becoming hysterical in public and screaming at the Jews for being anti-Polish? No, what you see instead is Jews making a circus about how anti-Semitic the Poles are! What you see are delegations of Jews from the United States going to Poland and demanding loudly and arrogandy that Polish Catholics remove crucifixes from areas near places that the Jews have declared to be “Holocaust” memorials!
Sometimes it’s difficult to decide how much of this Jewish behavior is calculated theatrical display designed to impress the lemmings and how much of it is based on a genuine conviction that Jews are entided to do whatever they want to the Gentiles, and the Gentiles aren't entided to defend themselves. If one sees the Jews outside the London court shrieking their hatred at David Irving or listens to Brooklyn Bemie on the radio in New York mouthing his hatred of me, one cannot help but remember that the Romans 2,000 years ago regarded the Jews as the most hate-filled race in their empire. But we also must remember that the Jews are in fact a theatrical people, whose whole existence has been based on illusion and deception.
In the case of David Irving’s libel suit against Deborah Lipstadt, they really were worried that if the court decided that he wasn’t a “Holocaust denier” for pointing out that some of the specific “Holocaust” claims are bogus, then their whole body of “Holocaust” mythology, of “Holo-
caust” dogma would come unraveled. If historians are permitted to examine and investigate the “Holocaust” piece by piece, instead of being required to swallow it whole, then it not only loses much of its substance as the bogus components are removed, it also loses its mythical quality; it loses its ability to inspire awe in the lemmings. And to the Jews this is extremely important. The “Holocaust” is a shield they use to cover many things, and it is an effective shield only when it is able to inspire awe.
Well, they really need not have worried about David Irving’s libel suit. They had a Politically Correct judge who ruled against Irving and then went out of his way to denounce Irving on his own as a “Holocaust denier.” And that really should not have surprised Irving. Two groups of people in our society who can be counted on absolutely to do the bidding of the Jews are journalists and politicians, and the unfortunate fact is that judges these days are more often than not politicians: soulless men on the make, without scruple or principle.
What really caught my attention about the Irving case was the reaction by the Jews to their victory. It was obscene. They were crowing about their own righteousness and spewing hatred at the defeated Irving. It reminded me of the way the communists in Italy — many of whom also were Jews — dealt with the defeated Benito Mussolini at the end of the Second World War. Not only did they murder him after he had surrendered, but then they murdered his mistress, Claretta Petacci, they kicked and stoned the bodies until the faces were unrecognizable, they danced around the bodies in glee, they urinated on them, and then they put the bodies on public display, hanging them upside down by their feet, so that Claretta’s dress fell down around her shoulders.
The Simon Wiesenthal center in Los Angeles issued a statement crowing that the libel verdict was:
a victory of history over hate. . . . David Irving's career as a historian is over.
. . . He wifi be relegated to the garbage heap of history's haters.
And virtually every major newspaper in America crowed along with die
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
Wiesenthal Center. Mortimer Zuckerman’s New York Daily News called the verdict “a powerful setback to the Holocaust denial movement" and editorialized:
By rejecting a libel suit brought by crackpot historian David Irving — who denies the extent of the Holocaust — Britain's High Court has sent a strong condemnation of those who try to rewrite history.
No reasonable person who has read one of Irving’s meticulously researched and carefully written histories of the events of the Second World War would describe him as a “crackpot” And I think that not even the few thoughtful people remaining in our thoroughly corrupt judicial system or in Britain’s equally corrupt judicial system believe that the proper role of the courts is to condemn those scholars who try to give us a more nearly correct understanding of the past.
The New York Times quoted Lips-tadt’s Jewish lawyer, Anthony Julius, who said:
It's important to secure definitive rulings against Holocaust deniers, to send them back into the anti-Semitic ghetto from which they came.
The New York Post referred in an editorial to Irving’s “sinister campaign of Holocaust denial” and stated:
We don't expect David Irving to be silenced by Justice Grey's verdict, but hopefully it will cause those legitimate historians who have credited his crackpot theories to think twice before using him as a source of information.
Of course, the historians considered “legitimate” by the Jews and their lackeys in the media and the courts are those who already are so corrupt that they wouldn’t even consider questioning any aspect of the “Holocaust” story, not even those already completely exposed as bogus, such as the claim that the Germans converted the corpses of dead Jews into soap and lampshades.
I said a minute ago that the reason the Jews become so nervous and defensive when anyone begins asking questions about any detail of the “Holocaust” is that they use it as a shield. They also make an enormous amount of money from the “Holocaust” story. But mainly it is a shield
One of the not at all subliminal messages of the film Black & White is: the most wealthy and beautiful White girls want to have sex with ghetto Blacks — so you should too.
to cover some very questionable activities of theirs. Consider the state of Israel, for example. While we bomb other countries to rubble that are suspected of attempting to develop nuclear, biological, or chemical weapons — Iraq for example — we completely ignore Israel’s development of a huge arsenal of weapons of mass destruction. While we impose a starvation blockade on Iraq, we actually facilitate Israel’s use of military technology stolen from us to build doomsday weapons. We pretend not to notice when Israel thumbs its nose at the rules that apply to everyone else.
Why is that7 Why do the ordinary rules of behavior not apply to Israel.7 Well, of course, it is the “Holocaust.” Any criticism of Israel, any questioning of Israel, immediately brings the accusation of “anti-Semitism” and images of heaps of dead Jews, fake lampshades, gas chambers, crematoria, and so on. That’s why Israel’s arrogant, strutting, toad-like little prime minister, Ehud Barak, was among those Jews crowing about the Irving verdict last month. When the verdict was announced Barak told the New York Times about the importance of the “Holocaust” to Jews, and he concluded his statement by alluding to Israel’s illegal arsenal of weapons of mass destruction when he boasted about his country’s military strength, which, he said, is great enough now
so that, “no one in the world will dare rise against the Jewish nation.”
And the American taxpayers are still paying billions of dollars every year to maintain the Jewish nation’s illegal arsenal, so that Barak can make that boast
Of course, Israel’s illegal weapons program isn’t the only thing shielded by the “Holocaust” Have you seen some of the filth coming from Hollywood recently? Hollywood has launched a crash program to make sex between Whites and Blacks fashionable. And because Hollywood is Jewish from top to bottom, that means that it’s a Jewish program. And it’s not just coincidentally a Jewish program; it’s not that Hollywood just happens to be Jewish, and this trendy new thing of trying first to make rap and other aspects of Black life fashionable among White teenagers and now promoting interracial sex just happened to come from Hollywood as some sort of natural development. No, this is entirely artificial; it is something the Jews have been planning and working toward for decades.
I’ve been telling you for a long time what they were trying to do, even when they were doing it very subdy and were denying that they were doing it. It wasn’t so subde, of course, that other perceptive observers didn’t understand what they were up to, but most of them were afraid to comment on it. And the reason they were afraid was the “Holocaust.” They were afraid that if they imputed any sinister motives to the Jews who own Hollywood, they would be accused of “anti-Semitism,” and the whole “Holocaust” apparatus, with Jewish soap and lampshades and gas chambers and the rest, would be unleashed on them. But now all of Hollywood’s subdety in their race-mixing campaign is gone. Now it’s all out in the open, all quite brazen and obvious.
Take a look at the latest race-mixing abomination to come out of Hollywood, Mr. James Toback’s film Black and White. They are really gloating over the way they have corrupted and multiculturalized White teenagers in America. First they uprooted and alienated young Whites from their own heritage, their own racial com-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
munity, their own folkways. They made them feel that they had nothing to identify with, nothing to belong to, nothing to be proud of. To be proud of one’s European heritage, of the qualities and accomplishments of one’s White ancestors, is to be racist. What is really cool is the hip-hop culture. It is cool to be Black. That is the poisonous message the Jews of Hollywood and Madison Avenue have been putting into the minds and hearts of many White teenagers. It is cool for a White girl to have a Black boyfriend. That is the deliberate, calculated message of Hollywood. And most of the people who see what they’re doing to our people are afraid to call them to account for it because of the “Holocaust” myth.
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
And just about every White American who has some inkling of the horror now occurring in Rhodesia understands that the reason the television networks are remaining silent about that horror is that it is Blacks killing and raping and plundering Whites there, and that if it were the other way around their television screens would be full of it day and night. They understand that much, but they are afraid to carry their understanding much further and to connect Jewish ownership of the mass media with this anti-White bias, because to do so would be “anti-Semitic,” with all of its connections to the “Holocaust” and gas chambers and lampshades.
5
That’s what I mean when I say that the Jews use the “Holocaust” as a shield for their activities today. So if you ever wondered why “Holocaust” museums and “Holocaust” memorials are sprouting like poisonous mushrooms all over America — if you ever wondered why Jews and their bought politicians are insisting that “Holocaust” propaganda be pounded into every White child’s head in school — now you know.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Shielding Evil,” aired on May 6, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Moral AIDS
Last month a few of my fellow members of the National Alliance distributed some flyers on the campus of the University of Texas in Austin. The flyers warned White women about the AIDS dangers of sexual contact with non-Whites, pointing out in particular that heterosexual Black males are 14 times as likely to be infected with AIDS-causing HIV as heterosexual White males are. Well, the usual suspects really had a fit about our flyers. The Jews and the liberals and the feminists and Marxists and the rest organized a “rally against racism” on the campus, with the wholehearted support of the university administration. The student newspaper joined the chorus of those bewailing the fact that anyone would believe that Blacks are in any way different from Whites in the matter of sexually transmitted disease and that anyone would want to discourage sexual relations between White women and Black men. I mean, that’s all terribly racist, isn’t it, and there’s just nothing worse than racism, is there? The liberals and the Christians were wringing their hands about our racism, and the Marxists and the feminists were muttering darkly about some sort of physical retribution against us.
I received a prissy letter from the university administration complaining

IriHB
Don't have sex with;
1. Intravenous drug abusers
3. Blacks (heterosexual Slack males are 141 iglfr likely as Whites to be HIV earners)
■ NATIONAL ALLIANCE POB 90 ♦ Hillsboro • WV 24946 .	.	’	(304)	653-4600_________
i|
iiii
HI
The message that caused so much controversy in Austin, Texas
about our leaflets, and a radio station in Austin, KVRX, interviewed me about the affair. The radio interview gave me an opportunity to counter some misinformation our opponents had been disseminating on the campus, to the effect that our statement that Blacks are much more likely to be HIV carriers than Whites is false. The anti-racists wanted the public to believe that there’s no difference between Whites and Blacks where AIDS is concerned. I mean, we’re all equal, right? It’s embarrassing to them to have people talking about the much higher HIV infection rate of Blacks. That smacks of racism!
The part of our message that caused the most distress to the Politically Correct folks at the University of Texas was our warning to White
women to stay away from Black males. That upset the Jews and Marxists, of course, because they have been pushing hard to encourage interracial sex. That’s the ultimate cure for the race problem, they claim. When everyone is a mulatto, when we’ve all become the same shade of brown a few generations hence, then there will be no more racism, and we all will live together happily forever after. Well, of course, we expect that sort of poisonous propaganda from the Jews and the Marxists. What is really disappointing is the degree to which this poisonous attitude has taken hold in the university community generally, and also among the general public.
And you know, it’s worse than simply having been taught incorrect information about racial differences. And it’s worse than simply a change of opinion about racial matters. It’s a general softening, a general feminization of public attitudes. American universities not only have been dumbed down in the name of equality; they also have been wimped down. They have been demasculinized.
I was an undergraduate at a Texas university too — Rice University — 45 years ago. Even then, in the 1950s, I had die feeling that the university community was not entirely in touch with reality. We were 20-year-olds with the attitudes of children.
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
A German student of the 1930’s proudly shows his dueling
scar
Five hundred years before — even a century before — 20-year-old males were men, with men’s responsibilities. in the past, 20-year-old women also had responsibilities, including a husband, a home, and three or four children. About the most serious concern I and my fellow undergraduates had in the 1950s was keeping our grades up enough to avoid being drafted for the Korean War. Still, we were a bit more mature than today’s crop of undergraduates.
You know, there are some types of behavior which stem from fashion,
and some types of behavior which stem from character. An example of fashion-based behavior might be the prevalence of cigarette smoking, for example, or the type of intoxicants used. When I was an undergraduate, smoking was considered a low-class thing. It had been more prevalent in my military school, where the students came from a wider range of social backgrounds. At the university, however, there was a blue-collar stigma associated with smoking. A few students smoked, mainly because they had gotten hooked on it and
© 2000 I National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
weren’t strong enough to quit, but it definitely wasn’t fashionable. Girls, in particular, didn’t smoke.
Probably a more striking change in behavior is drug usage. Fifty years ago the only drug acceptable among students was alcohol. Perhaps in some of the very Jewish schools in the Northeast other drugs were fashion-able, but certainly not in Texas. Whisky and gin and beer, yes; marijuana and cocaine and heroin, no. We knew about these drugs, but anyone who used them would have been a social outcast on campus. They weren’t fashionable.
Weakness and failure also weren’t fashionable. Success was. When the semester grades for students were posted, they had a distinct social significance. Getting A’s was no guarantee of popularity, of course, but getting Ds and Fs was a guarantee that one would be considered a loser, and no one wanted to be seen in the company of a loser. Those were the days before football scholarships -and certainly before basketball scholarships — at least, at my school. Success still is fashionable everywhere, I believe, but my impression is that losers and weaklings are protected much more from the consequences of their weakness than before. They are shielded from the social stigma of failure. Excuses are made for them. They are tolerated more than before. I think that may involve more than fashion, however. There may be a change in character involved.
That’s certainly the case with race, although it’s difficult to separate all of the factors involved. Fifty years ago if it had been discovered that a White female student was involved in a sexual relationship with a Black, that would have been the end of her. It would have been as if she had been discovered having sex with a dog: worse, actually. And it wasn’t just a matter of Blacks being low-status people. There were wealthy Black entertainers in those days, but wealth would not have been a mitigating circumstance.
There are types of behavior that we abhor instinctively: types of behavior that nearly everyone abhors in a natural environment and that at some level those who have good instincts -
or one might say, good character — continue to abhor even in an unnatural environment where natural reactions to abhorrent behavior are repressed. Homosexuality is one type of naturally abhorrent behavior. Racial mixing is another. These are not matters of fashion. Men who behave like women always have been despised. Women who mate outside their race always have been despised. Men who do not find such behavior abhorrent aren’t simply responding to changes in fashion; they are revealing flaws in their character. A community or a society that proclaims such behavior acceptable is a weak and morally flawed community, a weak and degenerate society.
You know, I’m not a social scientist, and I have neither the time nor the resources to do an academic study of the correlation between various changes we can see in our society and in the behavior of our people — but I’m sure that there is, in fact, a strong correlation among three things: first, the increased isolation and shielding of our young men from the natural world; second, the lack of manliness; the lack of self-confidence, maturity, and responsibility; the lack of strength, daring, and independence in young men today; and third, the willingness to accept every sort of perverse, unnatural, and destructive behavior as “normal.” It’s as if an excessively sheltered life-style leads first to an atrophy of manly virtue and moral strength, the way lack of exercise leads to muscular atrophy, and then it leads to a shutdown of the normal powers of discrimination, almost in the way HIV causes a shutdown of the human immune system. One might almost say that while AIDS is gaining ground rapidly in the Black population, the moral equivalent of AIDS is ravaging the White population.
Although this moral disease has infected our whole society, it seems to me that it has done more damage in our universities than anywhere else. Perhaps that's because university students are somewhat more shielded from the real world than most of the rest of the population §J or perhaps it’s because the purveyors of the disease have focused their infectious
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
efforts on the universities. My feeling is that despite the postponement of the acceptance of responsibilities which is inherent in being a university student, university life need not be morally debilitating.
Here’s one small example: In many German universities, especially before the disaster of 1945, dueling clubs were an important part of student life. They not only served to maintain consciousness of the concept of manly honor, but they taught young men to be willing to expose themselves to physical danger and to undergo pain. I’m not specifically advocating dueling in American universities. There are far more serious problems in the universities to be dealt with first. I’m just saying that I believe that our universities don’t have to be the morally debilitating institutions that they are today. They don’t have to be the sort of place where Political Correctness is more strongly entrenched and more rigidly enforced than anywhere else in our society, and where the average student believes that toleration for everything that is perverse and destructive is a virtue.
You know, the principal reason we need to be concerned about our universities is that the leaders in nearly every sector of our society pass through them and are influenced by them. When I speak with various people who are in our universities today or who have recendy graduated, I get different impressions of the problem. Some tell me about the strong influence of the homosexuals on the campuses, about how tighdy organized and powerful and militant they are. And of course, this is a striking change for me. When I was a student there was no homosexual problem at all. Probably there were a few homosexuals here and there, but they certainly weren’t noticeable, and no one knew who they were. And it wasn’t that they were repressed or persecuted. There simply was no homosexual problem. They weren’t an issue.
Other people focus on the feminists, and their influence on the campuses also is a striking change. That was another problem we didn’t have when I was a student. We had indi-
7
vidual women who were problems, of course, just as we had individual men who were problems, but we had no organized feminist nuttiness and perversity of the sort which is such an unhealthy influence today. Then there are the Marxists. The collapse of organized Marxism in the outside world seems to have gone unnoticed on our university campuses, which remain the one venue in America outside of New York City where this particular malignancy still finds its devoted adherents. When I was a student we had a few — very few — individual Marxists on the campus, but certainly no one took them seriously enough even to punch them in die nose. I guess we should have punched them in the nose and discouraged that particular bunch of freaks before they had a chance to do any more damage.
When I look at the really profound changes which have taken place in our universities during the past 50 years, I try not to become obsessed with any one change. I try to understand the whole pattern of changes. I look for common elements, and I always look for causes. What — or who — is behind the changes?
I see three really big changes, three patterns of change, and they are interrelated. One change is the imposition of Political Correctness. Every university in America now has what amounts to an Orwellian Ministry of Truth, which determines what ideas, what thoughts, what expressions — even what facts — are permissible. Give any hint that you have an impermissible idea in your head, and the Thought Police are all over you, and you’re in real trouble. That’s why the folks at the University of Texas had such a hard time coping with the fact that HIV infection is so much more prevalent among Blacks than among Whites: eight times as prevalent overall, and 14 times as prevalent if one considers just heterosexual males, which, of course, is what counts if one is warning White women about sexual contact with Blacks. That is a Politically Incorrect fact. And of course, suggesting that interracial sex is not a good thing, regardless of the AIDS danger, also is Politically Incorrect.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
[Socialism and [Gay Liberation
■H im «alta
•< ^uun UMMM	«*	tt*
MM	Ml — Mil Illtiu 'ft/ mm' MTM^Mt	W*	Mtf	M«IM
n* UM. miniMM. —* «M«l «t IM ’KM’ Mm mM M»» <M IMI— • MMUl HM *< CMMM>. I>m «• MM Mr t«»Hw Mrt Mr MIMf MM • MM* Mr M MUt MUM Mr MM MM «MM».
M MM MM Mtltlty M*t)| MUlMM M MMMMiM M HI• M4 iuMMl Mm MflVf MMm M * Ml* ilM* l» aoctety Cor MfiiliM •Mill MM IM —IM M Mm •— M»»ll«« Mm M— —•* 1*
a— M mt mi ‘r" — I— imiiihi u mm* —im m
—4 mta, Mrta. —a ill—*—im*
Dot CM, of ifM htmttwul Socialist Organization, present* the ladflitl per* pec (He om Cay Liberation. Discussion and refreshments H Mm.
Wednesday, November 19, 8:00 PM Chicano Culture Room • Texas Union (4.206) University of Texas Campus
Colt 453-2815 for more information
MtDVffiSTy
Alliance

A flyer distributed at the University of Texas, Austin. Neither this flyer, nor the meeting it advertised, were regarded as controversial or undesirable.
When I was a student people were free to think thoughts which some people considered offensive or to say things which offended other people. If you did that often enough you might become very unpopular, but that was your business. Nobody told you that you couldn’t do it
At the same time the mental straitjacket of Political Correctness was being imposed on our universities another imposition was being made that might at fist glance seem contradictory but which really was just a different face of Political Correctness, and that was the notion that tolerance is a wonderful thing. The reason this notion isn’t contrary to Political Correctness is that it isn’t tolerance in the usual sense of the word. Politically Correct “tolerance” is tolerance of all of those things that would be intolerable in a healthy society and intolerance of those things that used to be accepted by normal, healthy people. “Tolerance” today means accepting homosexuals and feminists and Jews and Marxists without criticism or question. It means smiling whenever you see an interracial couple. It means tolerating the sort of behavior engaged in by people like Bill Clinton, when he used to send out the Arkansas State Police to round up women for him. It means
tolerating Janet Reno’s burning down a church packed with women and children in Waco, Texas. It mean’s tolerating Madeleine Albright’s murderous assault on any country in Europe or the Middle East which refuses to obey the New World Order crowd. But it most certainly does not mean tolerating anything that smacks of White racism or sexism or homophobia — or more generally, anything that is Politically Incorrect The new “tolerance” is just the smiley face of Political Correctness: the warm, fuzzy, friendly side of Political Correctness.
The second really big pattern of change at our universities also has taken place throughout our whole society, but it has hit the universities especially hard, and that is “diversity.” When 1 was a student, not only an undergraduate in Texas but also a graduate student in Colorado and in California, the universities were White. The only really noticeable minority anywhere was the Jewish minority. At Caltech there was a tiny sprinkling of Asians. I can’t remember any Blacks. I remember just a handful of Blacks at the University of Colorado. And it wasn’t because there was any Jim Crow law keeping non-Whites out. Nor was it a financial barrier. I never paid tuition. I was
a poor boy. I either had scholarships or I worked as a graduate assistant The great advantage in those days was that there was a real sense of community. The universities were European institutions, White institutions, and as students we were part of them.
Today it’s quite different Some of the graduate schools are packed so full of Asians and other non-Whites that there’s literally no room for White students. There’s certainly no sense that one is part of a European institution. What the diversity-mongers have done is de-Aryanize our universities. I believe that the aim was not so much to get more Blacks and Filipinos and Chinamen and Pakistanis into our universities for the sake of diversity as it was to dilute the White presence to the point that we no longer would feel a sense of proprietorship: we would no longer feel that they were our universities and therefore wouldn’t resist the changes being made. That’s certainly the way it has turned out.
And it’s not just the non-Whites who have added to the cultural dissonance at our universities. It is all of the newly empowered minions of Political Correctness: the feminists, the queers, and so on. And now I’ll really stick my neck out and generalize from what has been happening in our universities to what has been happening in our whole society. The same people who have been busy de-Arya-nizing our universities have been de-Aryanizing America. The process has gone a bit further in the universities, hut all of America is headed for the same place, and it’s not a very nice place.
Why are we going there? Well, that’s because of the third change -which is something I’ve already mentioned: namely, the wimping down of our people and the shutting off of their normal powers of discrimination. Can you imagine the people of any normal, healthy nation letting themselves be dispossessed the way we’re being dispossessed? Can you imagine any healthy, White country permitting fast-breeding mestizos to come pouring across their southern border at trie rate of more than a million a year without raising a hand to stop them? Can you imagine any mor-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 I $40/year
ally healthy nation tolerating the sort of behavior we’ve seen in Washington during the Clinton era? How long has it been since we’ve assassinated a single politician? My God, we are sick unto death!
In my view, a White nation that permits its women to run with its former Black slaves not only is sick, but doesn’t deserve to live. An Aryan nation that permits Jews to teach its young people and that permits Jews to control its entertainment media and to use those media to promote miscegenation and every other form of selfdestructive degeneracy not only is sick, but is very close to death.
Every week I tell you that America is in serious trouble, that our race is in serious trouble. And I’m sure that most of you who are regular listeners believe that and also understand why we’re in trouble. But it’s clear that many White Americans don’t believe we’re in trouble. How could anything be wrong when the shopping malls are full of things to buy and they haven’t even reached the limit on their credit cards yet7 With unemployment down, inflation down, even the government’s crime statistics down, how, could we be in trouble?
It’s clear that most of these Alfred E. Neuman types, these soccer-mom types, don’t have a clue, but still sometimes they make me feel as if I’m deliberately trying to be a spoilsport, looking for problems where there are none, just so I’ll have something to complain about. The fact is that most people are not able to see much beyond the ends of their noses — or their television screens. If their television screens tell them over and over again that everything is rosy, except that we have a big problem with gun violence in America, for example, and that we really need to oudaw gun shows and register all gun owners, the soccer moms will agree, and they will even get out into the streets to demonstrate for laws requiring trigger locks on all firearms.
Beyond that, however, if they don’t have Tom Brokaw or Dan Rather or Peter Jennings or Bill Clin-
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
Believe me, if White Americans weren’t already ravaged by moral AIDS and their government behaved the way the Clinton government has been behaving, the rotting corpses of politicians, judges, and bureaucrats would be swinging from every lamp-post and power pole in Washington. The headquarters buildings of every major media corporation in New York and Hollywood would be burned-out ruins, and the blood of the people who had worked in those buildings would be running ankle deep in the gutters around the ruins. Every inner city and every non-White neighborhood in America would be blocked
Our Task
ton telling them that they have a serious problem, and if they’re not being gang-raped at the moment or having their throats cut at the moment, they are inclined to believe that White Americans don’t have any serious problems. As long as their refrigerators are full, and the electricity still keeps their television screens lit, and their credit cards are still good, they cannot be convinced that the future isn’t basically rosy. Get trigger locks on the guns, get some more laws against hate crimes, and keep those troublesome heterosexual White males from upsetting the shopping cart, and with the help of the government in Washington we all can continue consuming in multicultural comfort and safety forever.
Well, there are a few places in America where what I just said doesn’t apply, a few places where even the soccer moms are worried about things their television screens never show them: Douglas, Arizona, for example. I spoke about the situation there in my broadcast of March 18, and that situation certainly has not gotten any better in the last two months. Douglas, remember, is a town in southeastern Arizona right on the Mexican border. Hundreds of illegal aliens come across the border there every day. On some days thousands come across.
The U.S. Border Patrol, whose responsibility it is to keep them out, instead keeps itself busy pretending not to notice them. And the Border Patrol behaves that way not because
9
off while armed teams went door to door and made the ethnic cleansing of Kosovo look like a Sunday school picnic by comparison. That’s what would happen if we were a healthy, moral nation, instead of a terminally ill nation brought down by the purveyors of moral AIDS.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Moral AIDS,” aired on May 13, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
the local bureaucrat in charge is lazy or corrupt, but because that’s what he is ordered to do by his boss in Washington. That’s what the Jewess in charge of Mr. Clinton’s Immigration and Naturalization Service, Doris Meissner, tells him to do, in effect, by setting policies and imposing conditions on the actions of the Border Patrol which make it impossible actually to protect the border.
In my March 18 broadcast I mentioned a local rancher, Roger Barnett, who has been trying to protect his 22,000-acre cattle ranch in the Douglas area from the damage caused by trespassing illegal aliens from Mexico. I talked about his efforts to stem the flood by performing citizen’s arrests of an estimated 3,000 illegal aliens during the past two years, and of the lack of cooperation from the Clinton government. In fact, the Clinton government would like nothing better than to lock up Roger Barnett for opposing the growing invasion of die southwestern United States by Mexicans — and even more they’d like to lock him up for calling attention to the Clinton government’s refusal to protect America’s borders.
I’ll read you a few paragraphs from a Reuters news dispatch out of Phoenix ten days ago. This news report is by David Schwartz and is dated May 10:
U.S. and Mexican officials, concerned about mounting tensions over ranchers rounding up illegal immigrants in far southeastern Arizona, are planning to investigate the potentially violent situation. Plans call for Mexican officials to
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
travel to the state following a flurry of incidents in which armed ranchers have nabbed people illegally crossing the border and turned them over to the U.S. Border Patrol, said Mexican Consul Miguel Escobar Valdez in Douglas, Arizona. Escobar Valdez said such actions set a "dangerous precedent" that must be stopped. "We do believe that the potential is there for violence," he told Reuters. "We do believe that private citizens are doing things reserved for law enforcement agencies. ... Whether they have documents or not, they are still human beings, and they should be treated accordingly — not have a gun shoved in their face or be roughed up," he said.
Now, let’s think about what this Reuters news report from Phoenix says. And remember, what I just read was not my wording. It was the wording of a Jewish reporter working for a Jewish news agency. The problem being reported on — the potentially violent situation in southeastern Arizona — according to Reuters, is not the hordes of illegal aliens pouring across our border, it is not the invasion of our country by Mexicans — it is the attempt by American citizens to protect their property from the invaders. That’s the problem, as seen by Reuters, as seen by the Mexican consul, and as seen by the Clinton government We’re the problem, those of us who want to stop this invasion of our country are the problem, not the illegal aliens.
The Clinton government pretends that the problem in southeastern Arizona is a human rights problem, a problem of illegal aliens having their supposed human rights violated by nasty, bigoted, heterosexual White males with guns, such as Roger Barnett If the Clintonistas can just organize a few more big anti-gun demonstrations by the feather-brained soccer moms of the country, then we can get rid of that racist, sexist Second Amendment and take the guns away from heterosexual White males such as Roger Barnett before he violates the human rights of any more illegal aliens and causes violence in Arizona. Really, that is exactly the way the people in your government in Washington think. They see Roger Barnett as the problem, not the illegal aliens.
In this maddening situation, Roger Barnett seems to be the only person in contact with reality. I’ll read from the May 10 Reuters report again:
Area rancher Roger Barnett, a leader in the roundups, said residents are just doing what they can to defend their prop-
Doris Meissner
erty against a siege of illegals. "I want the people off my property," said Barnett, whose cattle ranch spans 22,000 acres near the border. "You won't want them in your backyard or front yard. It's an invasion without guns, but we're still getting invaded."
And Roger Barnett also told Reuters that he and other Americans in the area have no choice about being vigilantes, because the government is letting them down. That’s exacdy right, Mr. Barnett, it’s an invasion of our country, and it’s nonetheless dangerous — it’s nonetheless destructive of our future — just because most of the invaders aren’t carrying guns. And our big problem — yours and mine — is that the filthy, treasonous government in Washington not only is letting us down, but it is on die side of the invaders. The Clinton government and the Jewish media are against us and for the invaders.
Now, before I am accused of distorting the news myself and not giving you the full story, I should tell you that Doris Meissner’s U.S. Border Patrol actually does more than trying to prevent Roger Barnett from interfering with the Mexican invasion; it also does pretend to be patrolling
our border. The Reuters article from which I have been quoting points out that in March of this year the Border Patrol arrested 31,015 illegal aliens in the town of Douglas, which itself has a population of just 15,000 citizens. That’s amazing, isn’t it? In a one-month period this year, the Border Patrol arrested more than 31,000 illegal aliens in an American town with a normal population of only 15,000 citizens, and I’ll bet this broadcast is the first you’ve heard of it. I mean, the news was in the May 10 Reuters report I’ve been reading to you, but somehow the major media overlooked it. Imagine yourself living in an American town of 15,000 which is so overrun with illegal aliens that the Border Patrol can arrest 31,000 of them in a month without even trying. What a nightmare! You’d consider that a newsworthy situation, wouldn’t you? You’d think that the Federal government ought to declare your town a disaster area and send in the Army. And yet the mainstream media haven’t told you about the situation in Douglas, Arizona. Could it be because they don’t want you to know about it?
And I should add that the arrest of more than 31,000 illegal aliens a month in Douglas is just a pretense. It’s just an effort to keep the local citizens from following Roger Barnett’s lead and cleaning the town out themselves. None of these 31,000 illegal aliens were punished for invading the United States. None were imprisoned or shot or flogged or hanged or skinned and staked out on an anthill in the desert, the way their ancestors used to treat our ancestors in the area 150 years ago. They were simply given a free meal and bused back across the border, so that they can invade us again. Nothing — absolutely nothing — was done to discourage them from trying again. That’s why the flood continues to grow. It’s because the Clinton government isn’t really trying to stop it and doesn’t want it to stop. What the Clintonistas want to stop is people like Roger Barnett. I’ll read you the final two paragraphs from the Reuters report:
Border Patrol officials said they are doing what they can about the arrests by local residents, telling them to call and not act on their own. Special patrols of about two dozen agents also have been formed to deal with the rancher problem.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
"We're concerned about the safety and the rights of everyone/' said Rob Daniels, a Border Patrol spokesman in Tucson. "We're trying to defuse the situation as best we can."
listen, I shouldn’t have to tell you that when the U.S. government sees what is happening in Arizona as a “rancher problem” and equates the supposed nghts” of illegal aliens with those of American property owners, we’re all in real trouble in this country — not just the folks in Douglas, but all of us. For a long time I’ve been telling everyone that we’re in trouble, but when so many people still are relatively comfortable it’s difficult for them to take me seriously. Their view of what’s happening in the world is determined by what they see on their TV screens. They really don’t see any further than that. That’s why the Jews and the Clintonistas are able to get hundreds of thousands of brainless female twits marching in Washington to demand the repeal of the Second Amendment. The soccer moms live in a suburban-yuppie world where they expect the government to solve their problems, provide for their needs, and protect them from their own weakness and indiscipline. They believe that everyone should have guarantees of safety and happiness. They don’t understand that we live in an inherendy dangerous world in which we need to be able to protect ourselves, and they really believe that they’ll be doing good when they get their Big Brother in Washington to confiscate all the guns, so that little Johnny can’t take Daddy’s gun to school and blow away little Susie with it.
In their world these twits can’t imagine the sort of world Roger Barnett is forced to live in because of the policies of their Big Brother in Washington. They can’t imagine how much worse they will make his world if their Big Brother succeeds in disarming him. Most of them probably don’t even care. I saw one of the twits who was in last Sunday’s anti-gun march in Washington boasting to the TV cameras that “the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.” My, she was proud of herself! She exulted in the power of the mindless mob of which she was a part, the power of the lemmings on the march behind their Big Brother in Washington. She would gladly trade Roger Barnett’s right to protect himself for another chance to see herself on television. Roger Barnett isn’t even real to her because she
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
hasn’t seen him on television, and she really doesn’t want to hear about his Politically Incorrect problem. Of course, her tune will change when the invasion that Roger Barnett and a few others are trying to stem overwhelms him and the invaders are in her front yard. Then she’ll yell to Big Brother for help, and when Big Bromer helps the invaders instead, perhaps she will begin to understand that we do have a problem.
Well, that’s getting a bit off the track. I have called to your attention the Clintonista immigration policy in action in southeastern Arizona because I wanted an absolutely clear and unambiguous example of the fundamentally treasonous and criminal nature of the government we have in Washington. To be honest with you, I can think of a hundred other policies of the government that fully justify putting every politician and bureaucrat in Washington up against a wall. But in many cases it’s relatively easy for those who control the government and the media to muddy the waters and to keep the public confused about their motives.
In last year’s war against Serbia by the Clinton government, for example, the media and the Clintonistas were able to persuade a substantial part of the American public that Madeleine Albright’s terror-bombing of Belgrade was done for “humanitarian” reasons. Nine years ago the government and the media were able to persuade much of the public that Washington’s war against Iraq was to protect American interests rather than purely Jewish interests. And today many Americans — in addition to the brain-dead soccer moms — have let themselves be persuaded that the real reason for the big push by the media and the Clinton government to register all gun owners is concern for the safety of children, just as they have let themselves be persuaded that the drive to censor the Internet and require filters on all computers in schools and libraries is based on concern for keeping pornography away from the eyes of children.
But the willful failure of the Federal government to fulfill its most fundamental obligation, which is the protection of the sovereign territory of the United States against foreign invaders — well, that’s a bit harder to explain away, isn’t it7 That’s the sort
11
of thing that most Americans — not just extremists like me, but most Americans — still call treason. And treason is the sort of crime for which most Americans still believe hanging is an appropriate punishment.
I mean, there are crazies in this country who really believe that it’s racist and fascist and un-Christian to protect one’s land from invaders: that we ought to throw open our borders to the Third World and welcome with open arms the dark subhumanity that comes flooding across, sharing all we have with them in order to atone for having been more successful than they, for having built a civilization while they squatted in their filth and multiplied. But the crazies understand that they’re a pretty small minority, and they don’t want to have to explain their views to the rest of the country.
In addition to the crazies there are those with really sinister motives. There are the people who control our mass media, for example — and by that I mean the Jews: the Jews as a whole, the Jews as a people. Don’t be fooled by the fact that a tiny minority of Jews have spoken out against open borders, and that an even tinier minority actually are involved in the immigration control movement. The thing that’s important here, the thing that is decisive, is that the big Jews — the leaders of the Jewish community, the Jews who control the mass media — are in favor of maintaining the flooding of America with non-Whites. They are happy with the situation in Douglas, Arizona, but they know that most Americans wouldn’t be happy if we knew about it, so they keep it quiet, so that we won’t know about it. They keep it off our television screens. And when they do talk about it, like Reuters reporter David Schwartz did, they talk about it qui-edy, and they refer to it as a “rancher problem.”
The Jews always have a false explanation for their destructive activities and policies, a cover excuse to keep us confused, to keep us guessing, so that we’ll give them the benefit of the doubt. How much doubt can there be about what is happening in southeastern Arizona? Wnat excuse can they possibly have for blacking out this story?
And then there are the politicians: may every one of them die vio-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
This flimsy fence is a method by which the U.S. government “tries” to keep out illegal Mexicans
lendy and painfully at the end of a rope or in a bloody ditch, and may God damn all their souls to hell! I’ve blamed the situation in Arizona on Bill Clinton and his Jewish director of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, but it won’t be substantially different under George Bush. Politicians don’t really have policies
A number of noteworthy things have happened during the past few days. For example, the situation on our southern border, on which I commented last week, has continued to worsen. The Clinton government continues to regard the problem there as a rancher problem rather than as an invasion by illegal immigrants.
Privately the Clintonistas are irritated that White ranchers in Arizona have been interfering with the invasion, and that one of them, Roger Barnett, who owns a 22,000-acre cat-de ranch near Douglas, Arizona, on the Mexican border, has arrested more than 3,000 illegal immigrants during die past two years and called attention to the government’s willful failure to protect the border. The Clintonistas — and by that term I mean all of those people, both inside the government and out, whose poli-
these days. They don’t have ideologies any more than they have morals or principles. They are simply prostitutes with party affiliations and career strategies. And they ail take their orders from the same people.
I don’t really like to become emotional on these programs. I’ll finish today with a simple statement of fact:
Termites
cies are supported by Bill Clinton and his government and who in turn approve of the government — the Clintonistas want the invasion to continue, and they don’t want anyone interfering with it They also don’t want anyone calling attention to it, because that might rouse public opposition to the invasion. The American public, or at least a substantial portion of the public might not believe the Clinton government’s assertion that it is doing everything it can to protect our borders, but somehow just can’t keep the mestizos from invading the United States. They’ve been hoping for the past two years that either Roger Barnett would be killed by some of the mestizos he was arresting or would kill a mestizo and could then be charged with murder and gotten out of the way. But Mr. Barnett is both a competent and a
America is being invaded. We’re being invaded by mestizos and Indians, by non-Whites, who want the country we built and intend to take it away from us. This invasion is supported not only by radical egalitarians, who believe that every featherless biped in the world really is the same as every other and that we ought to share everything equally, but it is supported by the Jews who control America’s mass media, because they are hell-bent on destroying the White majority in America by any means and thereby ending any possibility of opposition to their own power. And because it is supported by the Jews, the politicians in Washington will not oppose it. If America is to survive, it will only be through the efforts of patriots such as Roger Barnett — hundreds of thousands of such patriots, hundreds of thousands of White men with guns. And it will only be over the dead bodies of the politicians and their Jewish masters. That is America’s problem. That is our task.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Our Task,” aired on May 20, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
careful man, and he continues to be a thorn in the side of the Clintonistas.
So the Clintonistas now have taken the public position that they are concerned about “human rights” violations by vigilantes such as Barnett. They want to shift the public’s perception from mass invasion to individual Mexicans who are being harassed by Barnett and other ranchers. That’s just the sort of thing to distract the soccer moms and others who were captivated by the Elian Gonzales soap opera. In the hands of the Clintonista spin doctors the mestizo invasion has become a “human rights” problem. Bill Clinton’s Jewish Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright, met with Mexico’s Foreign Minister Rosario Green — cry, vehl, did I say Green? That doesn’t sound like a Mexican name, does it? Madeleine Albright met with Rosario Green last week to
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
plan a joint strategy against the vigi-[antes who are arresting the illegal aliens. They issued a joint statement on May 18 condemning the American ranchers. They are considering asking the United Nations to post UN observers along the border to watch for “human rights” violations. In addition Rosario Green announced that she has hired lawyers in Washington to sue the ranchers on behalf of the illegal aliens. She said:
The government of Mexico will use all of the legal and political resources at its disposal to guarantee that any violation of the rights and dignity of Mexicans is investigated and, if applicable, penalized.
And Attorney General Janet Reno — that’s our attorney general, not Mexico’s — Janet Reno has pledged to help in gathering evidence to prosecute the ranchers.
You have to pinch yourself to be sure you’re not dreaming when Alice in Wonderland statements of this sort come from Washington and are reported with a straight face by the media. The unfortunate fact is that Albright and Reno are officials of our government, and they are conspiring with an official of a foreign government to prosecute U.S. citizens for protecting their property against the depredations of foreign criminals. And Mexicans who cross our border illegally are criminals, plain and simple, despite the preference of the media and the Clinton government for the euphemism “undocumented migrants.” So we have these female Clinton gangsters getting together in Washington with die female foreign minister of Mexico not to address the problem of mestizos from Mexico invading our country and trespassing on the property of U.S. citizens, but instead to figure out what to do about American ranchers violating the supposed “human rights” and “dignity” of illegal aliens. Albright and Reno and the other Clintonistas aren’t concerned in the least about American sovereignty or the rights of U.S. citizens; that’s too much a male thing. They’re concerned only about keeping the flow of illegals coming and not hurting their feelings by making them feel unwelcome. As crazy as it sounds, that is what is happening. And soon we may have a United Nations “peackeeping” force on the border to shoot any American who tries to stop a mestizo from exercising
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
his “human rights” by coming across the border.
Well, that’s pretty bad, but I’ll tell you something that’s even worse, and that is the substantial element among ordinary citizens who don’t see anything wrong with the invasion or with the government’s way of dealing with it. Last week a patriotic Arizona resident who is fed up with the Clinton government’s refusal to stop the flood of illegal immigrants put up a billboard in Cochise county, where Roger Barnett lives. He urged other residents to telephone their congressmen and to complain about the invasion. The state's biggest newspaper, the Arizona Republic, immediately published a statement by a trendy businessman in Bisbee, also in Cochise county, condemning the billboard as divisive and racist. There seems to be a big enough supply of such businessmen and preachers and bureaucrats around so that the media always can find one to make a statement of the sort they want.
Two weeks ago two illegal mestizos came up to the of home an American who lives in Brackettville, Texas, near the Mexican border. The area has been plagued by illegals breaking into homes, stealing everything not nailed down, and assaulting residents. The American homeowner, 74-year-old Samuel Blackwood, shot one of the illegals, who died. Blackwood was arrested and charged with murder. And I assure you, the local businessmen, politicians, preachers, and media people will see to it that he gets a judicial lynching, so that no one can suspect that they are racists. They’ll behave just the way the establishment people in Jasper, Texas, did after three drunken rednecks dragged a Black behind their truck two years ago. A local judge, Herb Senne, commented on what he considered Blackwood’s overreaction to the two illegals who came to his house:
Nobody likes to have their property stolen, but you just learn to adjust to it.
Really, that’s an exact quote of what the judge said last week to a reporter for the Houston Chronicle: “You just learn to adjust to it.” Don t try to defend yourself or your property. That’s racist. That’s male. Just adjust to having your property stolen. Just adjust to the trespassing. Just adjust to the invasion of your country
13
by illegal mestizos. That’s the safe, feminine thing to do. That’s the Politically Correct thing to do.
That’s the sort of reaction you might expect in New York City or in Washington, DC. But television has spread the sickness everywhere. There are people who dance to the media tune even in those areas most heavily impacted by the invasion. And that’s what I really want to talk about today: not about the invasion of our country by mestizos, but about the reaction of our people to the invasion — and to many other things that are being done to us. The question is: do we blame the Clinton government for the disaster which has befallen our country, or do we blame ourselves? After all, we elected this government — twice. Even if we didn’t vote for the piece of filth in the White House, we did nothing to stop him from what he is doing.
You know, the great bulk of our people always have lacked both judgment and principles. Most Americans have about as much moral sense as a brass doorknob. And I’m talking about your neighbors and colleagues and friends and relatives — and mine. They have an instinct for conforming; for doing and saying what they think is expected of them; for adapting — or as Judge Herb Senne of Brackettville, Texas, would put it — for adjusting. And as I said, that’s the way it’s always been. We’ve always depended on a rather small minority to decide what is right and what is wrong, what is honorable and what is not, as well as what will benefit our race in the long run and what will not. When we had wise and good and honorable men as leaders, and when we followed their lead, our people prospered. If 225 years ago we’d had the sort of leaders we have today, Patrick Henry and Thomas Paine would have been locked up and forced to undergo sensitivity training, and we would have adjusted to King George’s way of doing things. Well, on die bright side, at least, Bill Clinton wouldn’t be in the White House, because there would be no White House.
So again: should we blame ourselves for being nothing but a worthless herd of lemmings, a herd which for the last few generations has failed to produce even a small minority of loyal and responsible leaders to show us the way? Or if the leaders were
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
A typical ad for Benetton
there and are there, should we blame ourselves for failing to heed them? Or should we look elsewhere for the cause of our disaster?
In trying to answer this very important question, let us note first that self-criticism often is a very beneficial thing. Only by recognizing our mistakes and shortcomings and studying them, analyzing them, can we hope for progress. The person who is unable to criticize himself or recognize his own faults — the person who cannot blame himself for anything, but always blames others for his mistakes or failures — will never be able to improve himself, because he cannot even admit the need for improvement He always will be a loser and a failure. But above all, we must be objective in analyzing our problems. We must not be afraid to put the blame where it belongs because of some artificial taboo. Perhaps we are entirely to blame for our difficulties. On the other hand, perhaps someone else should share the blame for what has happened to us. If that is the case, let us not be afraid to say so. Our objective is to survive, and we must go wherever that objective leads us.
Having said that, I also should tell you that I believe that there is little to be gained by lambasting our-
selves for being a herd of lemmings. There is little to be gained by bewailing human nature. We can change human nature only very slowly — and with great caution — over the course of generations. For now we must accept what we are and try to make the best of it. And if we think about the matter very carefully perhaps we will decide even that Mother Nature didn’t really make a mistake in designing us as a race 98 per cent of whom are lemmings. That has its advantages as well as its dangers. It allows us to work together for a common purpose, for example, instead of having everyone running off in a separate direction.
So let’s ask our question this way: Why have we not had good leadership during this century? Why have we followed crooks and liars with no regard for the welfare of our people, crooks and liars and charlatans who have led us into every sort of vice and degeneracy and false path and now are rushing us headlong down the slope to racial extinction? Why? What went wrong? Did natural flaws develop in our society, in the system by which we have governed ourselves, or has some external enemy laid us low? Is our society suffering from faulty design or from termites?
A quick answer is: both. Our society has design flaws which we must endeavor to correct, and it also has termites, which we must exterminate. To understand this answer and to elaborate on it, just look around. Look at other things which are happening to us besides the mestizo invasion and the government’s refusal to stop that invasion. And when we think about what is happening, let us not focus entirely on what our people are doing which they shouldn’t be doing; let us remember that most of our people do only what they are told to do, only what they are manipulated into doing, and so let us direct our inquiry primarily into who is manipulating them and how and why.
That, of course, is a very big inquiry. If you’ve been listening to my broadcasts for a while, you know that most of them have dealt with one aspect or another of this inquiry. Today we’ll only have time for one aspect besides the immigration situation, and that’s racial mixing. It’s useful to look at that, because it leads us quickly to the heart of the termite problem — because, you see, immediately behind the racemixing problem is the promotion of racemixing by the controlled media:	the	deliberate
encouragement of racial mixing by Hollywood and Madison Avenue.
Whenever you study public behavior, whenever you study fashions and trends, you quickly realize that the basic principle is “monkey see, monkey do.” If you want to encourage a certain trend, a certain fashion, a certain type of public behavior, you don’t try to reason with the public. You don’t lecture the public. Instead you present to the public as many images as you can of the sort of behavior you want to encourage, and the lemming instinct will do die rest. Have you seen some of the advertisements put out for an Italian clothing manufacturer under the name “United Colors of Benetton”? Their favorite theme is racial mixing between Whites and Blacks: a little redheaded, blue-eyed White girl holding a Black infant, a Black baby in diapers kissing a Wdiite baby, and so on. They started on that theme a couple of years ago, and they are pushing it more and more boldly. Well, the clothing company is Italian, but their advertising agency, Saatchi &. Saatchi,
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2000
15
based in London, is entirely Jewish from top to bottom.
The same urge to depict scenes of racial mixing is rampant among advertising agencies on this side of the Adantic. The Jews of Madison Avenue love to use models of indeterminate race for the advertisements they design: quadroons and octoroons and various Eurasian blends. And they seem to have a rule that whenever there is a group scene, there must be Blacks in it. It’s gotten to the point where the lemmings feel uncomfortable if they see an advertisement which shows an all-White scene. If they see an advertisement with a group of White children playing together, or a scene in an all-White classroom, the lemmings wonder where the Black child is that is practically obligatory these days for advertisements featuring children. And it’s not just advertising. Every reporter with a camera covering a news story or a feature for a slick magazine is on the lookout for a Black in the crowd when he composes his shots — and if he is lucky enough to be able to focus on an interracial couple, he knows that he will get bonus points from his boss. The idea is to remind the readers over and over and over again that we live in a multiracial society, and, oh, isn’t it wonderful! The idea is to mpke Blacks and other non-Whites seem like part of White society and to make racial mixing seem not only normal but trendy, fashionable. Even National Geographic Magazine has climbed onto the media bandwagon. Look at the photographs on pages 7 and 14 of the current June issue.
Even the advertising on boxes of breakfast cereal directed at children has the same, poisonous message. Not only does the advertising depict Black and White children together, it depicts White children dressing and behaving like Blacks: backward baseball caps, baggy shorts, Black jive talk, and adult Black rappers or basketball players as role models. The idea behind this advertising is not to sell more breakfast cereal to Blacks; it is to make White children feel that it is cool to be Black, that it is cool to be a part of the hip-hop culture, that it is cool to have a lot of Black friends, that it is, cool to be a wigger.
And you know, this interracial advertising has not merely followed
Not only are White kids taught to admire Blacks, they are also taught to admire the Whites that ape Blacks such as White hip-hop “artist” Eminem, pictured with a young admirer above.
changes in our society; the advertising has led the changes. Traditionally the purpose of advertising is to persuade the public to buy a product. The advertiser seeks to make the customer not only want the product but to feel comfortable with it, to trust the manufacturer, and for this reason the advertiser seeks to avoid taboos, to avoid angering or alienating the customer. With the interracial advertising that certainly hasn’t been the case. The advertisers have been on a crusade. The purpose has not been just to sell products. It has been to change the ideas and attitudes of the White public. They have proceeded with a certain amount of caution, of course, but it is clear that the product they have been trying to sell is not just breakfast cereal or Calvin Klein blue jeans, but racial mixing between Whites and Blacks.
And the reason they’re trying to sell it is exacdy the same reason they don’t want Roger Barnett interfering with the flood of mestizos pouring into White America from Brown Mexico. Do you understand that7 It’s really very important. It is the key to
understanding everything else that is happening today. The Jewish advertisers on Madison Avenue have exactly the same purpose as the Jews in the Clinton government — Jews like Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and the head of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, Doris Meissner — who’re trying to keep the illegal aliens coming into the country.
If you have even the slightest doubt that this is a deliberate, Jewish policy aimed at corrupting and destroying our people, then look at what the Jews in Hollywood are doing with the new films they are producing. I mentioned the film Black and White in my broadcast three weeks ago. You really should see it Then you will have no doubt what the termites are up to. And I hardly need to tell you that the Jewish campaign is working. Arizona and Texas and California are becoming darker, more alien. White kids are behaving more like Blacks. White women are bedding down with Blacks and producing little mongrels in greater numbers than ever before. Monkey see, monkey do.
Yes, we do have a termite problem, and we do need to get an exterminator on the job soon. And we also have a problem with flaws in our society and in our government, flaws that gave the termites the opening they needed to get in and begin gnawing away at America and our people. When the exterminator has done his necessary work and we begin rebuilding our society, we need to fix those flaws so that we’ll never again have a termite problem.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Termites,” aired on May 27, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech!«
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech. 1
Name:
Address:
Mail to:
National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
1
1
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year