FREE SPEECH • OCTOBER 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. X
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America's only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Provocation and Response
The situation in Palestine is interesting, both in terms of what is happening over there and in terms of the reflection over here. It's not just the occasional good lick the Palestinians manage to get in against the Jews over there; that’s always good to see, of course, but more interesting are the reactions of the media and the government in the United States.
For example, the media Jews and their Gentile step’n’fetchits here — Time magazine writer Charles Krauthammer is an example of the former, and columnist George Will is an example of the latter — have been coming out openly in favor of government-sponsored terrorism and assassination, as long as it’s Israel doing the sponsoring. And they’ve been doing that since well before this week’s attacks on the Pentagon and the World Trade Center.
It is a time-honored Western tradition that the leaders of nations at war treat one another with chivalry.
In the past, when leaders actually rode into batde at the head of their men, that meant that it was all right to kill the enemy king or general in a fair fight, but it wasn’t all right to send someone sneaking around his casde or his house at night to poison his well or to leap from the bushes and cut his throat. Perhaps it wasn’t all chivalry. Perhaps it was in part the understanding that if you engaged in that sort of ungendemanly behavior, your enemy might retaliate in kind.
In any event, assassination of enemy leaders, even in time of war, remained taboo until fairly tecendy: that is, until Western tradition gave way to Semitic tradition, which is a quite different sort of tradition. That’s what happened in the Second World War. After the war the U.S. government and its allies rounded up the leaders of conquered Germany and, after a farcical show trial, hanged them. It wasn’t just the generals who were hanged: it also was Germans
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
whom the Jews hated simply because of things that they had said or written. Julius Streicher and Alfred Rosenberg are just two examples of this: neither man had any leadership role in the war, but before the war each had made unflattering remarks about the Jews and their activities and so was hanged for it
Even with their tight grip on the media, the Jews weren’t able to keep a few Westerners from expressing their dissatisfaction with this Semitic way of doing things. It did not sit well with many independent-minded Americans that German leaders and writers were hanged, while Soviet and American leaders and writers who had been far more egregious in their behavior were held up as heroes. The Jews responded with outrage to any criticism of the travesty of justice they had sponsored at Nuremberg after the war. The Germans had dated to raise their hands — or their voices — against God’s Chosen People, and so they had to be punished, and Western tradition to the contrary be damned.
It’s pretty much the same today with the few Westerners who are bold enough to criticize the Israeli governments policies of torturing Palestinian prisoners or sending disguised death squads into Palestinian territory to assassinate Palestinian leaders in their homes. To the Jews this behavior is merely “self-defense.” It’s the sort of thing they’ve always done. The Palestinians are trying to take back the land the Jews stole from them, and the Jews are merely defending themselves. How dare anyone criticize them for that!
Charles Krauthammer has a column in the August 27 issue of Time magazine titled “In Defense of Assassination,” with the word “assassination” in quotes, meaning that when Jews do it it isn’t really assassination. 1 le concludes his column with a whining complaint about the Gentile criticism of this Jewish behavior:
The abuse Israel has suffered for this scrupulous exercise of self-defense — in a war it did not start — is yet another example of the outrageous double standard applied to it by a cynical, complicit world.
Did you get that7: a “scrupulous exercise of self-defense” in a war the Jews didn’t start. If not the Jews, then who? And a “cynical, complicit
Mohammed al-Durrah and his father
world” is ganging up on the poor, inoffensive Jews again. Gy, veh, vasn’t six million enough, already? The Jews really have a corner on the market in brass.
Nearly always, this sort of whining self-righteousness works for the Jews. The bought politicians and the Christian preachers and the George Will types certainly go for it every time. And George Bush isn’t about to buck the Jews on anything. He’s as obedient a lackey as his predecessor was. But there are signs that, as was the case with the postwar lynchings at Nuremberg, a few Western observers have had about all of this Jewishness they can stomach. And not just Westerners.
Watching the bickering at the big United Nations anti-racism conference in Durban, South Africa, has been amusing. The Jews nearly always are able to manipulate such conferences to their advantage by threats and bribery: threats of U.S. retaliation against anyone who refuses to toe the Jewish party line, and bribes from the U.S. Treasury for those who go along. This time, however, so many delegates at the conference were incensed at the recent Jewish treatment of Palestinians that things didn’t go so smoothly for the Jews and their U.S. bully boy.
There are even a few signs of unrest among the Jews’ front-line troops in the Western media. Do you remember the 12-year-old Palestinian boy, Mohammed al-Durrah, who was shot to death deliberately by Jewish gunmen in Jerusalem nearly a year ago as he huddled against a wall with his father and begged for his life? The Jews pumped four rifle bullets into
him. They also shot the boy’s father, and then they killed a Palestinian ambulance driver who arrived to give aid. It all would have been just a bit of amusing target practice for the Jewish gunmen, except that a French cameraman caught it all on film. Before the Jews could squelch it, shocked television viewers around the world had seen it.
A British journalist, Sam Kiley, who worked for The Times of London, recendy decided to follow up that story. His editors at the newspaper were not enthusiastic about the project, to say the least. In Kiley’s own words:
When I pulled off a little scoop by tracking, interviewing, and photographing the unit in the Israeli army which killed Mohammed al-Durrah, the 12-year-old boy whose death was captured on film ana became the iconic image of the conflict, I was asked to file the piece "without mentioning the dead kid."
Well, Kiley is a thoroughly “wet” liberal who normally dotes on Jews and thinks they’re just wonderful. But when told that he would have to write his story about the Israeli gunmen who murdered the 12-year-old Palestinian boy last September “without mentioning the dead kid,” lest it offend the Jews, Kiley resigned from the staff of The Times and began speaking out about the way journalists are constrained to report news of the conflict in Palestine only in a way that is favorable to the Jews.
We shouldn’t jump to any conclusions from Kiley’s rebellion or the refusal of the delegates at the U.N. anti-racism conference to knuckle under, but it is something. It is a number of similar happenings recendy that has Krauthammer whining in Time magazine that the world is ganging up on the poor Jews again. I wish it were so, but there hardly can be much complicity between the people who take an uncompromising stand against the Jews as Jews, on the one hand, and on the other hand the miscellaneous anti-racists, such as Kiley and the delegates in Durban, who at the moment are miffed by the Jews’ atrocious treatment of the Palestinians.
It is the Jews, of course, who have built the anti-racism movement and have pumped all of the Gentile journalistic lackeys who work for them full of anti-racist sentiment. The Jews used
© 2001
• National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro •
WV 24946 • $40/year
this anti-racist sentiment to destroy Rhodesia and White South Africa, just as they’re using it to destroy America, and it would be ironic if it is turning even slightly against them now as a consequence of their atrocious behavior in Palestine. I welcome that, but I don’t hold out much hope for it in the near future: the Jews’ grip on the mass media remains too strong, and it is that grip which controls the behavior of politicians and of governments. Remember, we saw the same sort of disgust with Jewish bloodlust and self-righteousness after the Second World War, but the Jewish media kept it under cover, and it never affected the lemmings or governmental policies.
What’s necessary for combating the Jews effectively is a recognition of what they are — not just what they happen to be doing at the moment. It’s good when their hypocrisy and their self-righteousness work against them, as when their innate racism shows through their mask of anti-racism and disillusions a few of those whom they have duped. But the Jews’ racism is not something we can count on using against them in a decisive way. After ail, every healthy individual and every healthy nation is racist. It is in the Jews’ nature to deny that fact and to attempt to weaken the racial feelings of others while secretly nurturing their own. That is the way they fight against the non-Jewish world. The motto of Mossad, Israel’s principal agency for state-sponsored terror and assassination, is, “By way of deception shalt thou do war,” but in fact that is the principle which governs the relations of Jews as a whole with the non-Jewish world. That is a consequence of what they are.
There are times when we too find it expedient to be deceptive. We do whatever we must to survive. But we do not make deception the cornerstone of our existence. And we must never think in terms of alliances with people like Sam Kiley or the delegates at the U.N. anti-racism conference. Chee- them on whenever they are ref . •i to take orders from the Jews. E1 . ; rovide them with ammunition when we can. But never count on them. They are people who despite their occasional flashes of independence have been terribly flawed by their acceptance of an ideology manu-
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
Charles Krauthammer
factured by the Jews to serve Jewish purposes.
Among ourselves, at least, we must be honest. We must see things as they really are. We must try to understand the fundamentals and then govern ourselves accordingly. One fundamental is that people do not change their nature, any more than the leopard changes his spots. The Jews will not reform themselves. They will not voluntarily stop meddling in the affairs of non-Jews or attempting to use non-Jews for their own purposes. Until they are stopped by a superior opposing force they will behave as they always have behaved. They always will be hostile to non-Jews, and as long as we permit them, they will attempt to deceive non-Jews, just as the great bulk of our people always will be gullible and will be susceptible to Jewish deception if they are not provided with proper guidance.
Another fundamental is that we cannot counter the Jewish deception of the great bulk of our people as long as the Jews retain their control of the mass media of news and entertainment and we have no equivalent media. At this time we can only influence the thinking and behavior of the hardheaded, independent-minded minority of our people, but we always must have as our ultimate goal the guidance of all of our people, the shielding of all of our people from deception.
A third fundamental is that we must not foolishly imagine that we can achieve some quick and easy victory by building alliances with people whose goals or interests are essentially different from ours — Middle Easterners or other non-Whites, for example — or even with people who believe that their goals and interests are different from ours, as is the case with any
3
of our people who still are under the influence of Jewish ideology: Sam Kiley, for example. We must count only on ourselves: on those whose most essential interests are the same as ours and who understand and accept that fact.
Our task is difficult, and at this time our progress is slow — but there is progress. The number of people listening to these American Dissident Voices broadcasts increases week by week. The number of people who seek out one of our Web sites on the Internet increases day by day. At nat-van.com they are averaging 19,000 a day now, which is up 50 percent from a year ago. Every Saturday, when a new broadcast goes on the net, the number of visitors to natvan.com jumps to nearly 30,000. That’s not much compared to the number of viewers of any of the popular Jewish television propaganda programs: a fraction of one percent. We don’t have television yet — but we will within the next month. We’ve just finished making our first music video with a message in both the music and the images, and you’ll be able to see it in a couple of weeks. Look for it at resis-tance.com. By the end of this year we’ll be producing video documentaries with a message, and some of those will be on cable TV.
Of course we know that we won’t have anywhere near as large an audience as Mike Wallace or Oprah. But our viewers will not be die slack-jawed, beer-bellied couch potatoes and multi-culti-trendies who make up most of Mike Wallace’s and Oprah’s audiences. They still can outvote us by a wide margin, but the time is approaching when numbers will not be all that counts. Nor will money be the only thing that counts in determining how large an audience one can reach or how much influence one can have on the people one reaches.
The whole world is entering a new era now, where all their money and the hundreds of millions of mindless lemmings in their television audiences and being able to manipulate the political system and the government of what is still the world’s most powerful country — at least, in a material sense — no longer are enough to guarantee the Jews’ continued hegemony. What happened in New York and in Washington this week is just one small manifestation of this new era. George Bush and the
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books * Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
Oprah Winfrey is kissed by the governor of New York State, George Pataki, while the mayor of New York City, Rudolph Giulliani, applauds.
other politicians under the Jews’ con' rrol can order the bombing of every pharmaceutical factory in the Middle zast in resp >nse to recent events here, put that Hill only take us further into this new era.
I’ve said this before, and I’ll say it again now. Not everyone in the world is willing to be dominated by the Jews. What happened this week is a direct consequence of the American people permitting the Jews to control their government and Co use Ameri' can strength Co advance the Jews’ interests at the expense of everyone else’s interests. When people are driven into a comer — as the non-Jew-ish people of the Middle East have been — sometimes they will fight back. That is happening now, and it will happen even more in the future. The Jews will scream for the blood of their enemies, as Diane Feinstein and other Jews are now. Their lackeys in Washington will strike at their ene-mies for them, just as Bill Clinton and others before him did. And the consequence will be that the number of the Jews’ enemies will grow without limit — and not just in the Middle East.
Even here in the United States there are many people — including many people who never have listened to one of my broadcasts and who probably would disagree with me on many fundamental issues — who understand exaedy why the United States was attacked this week. Not everyone in this country is a soccer mom or a baseball fan or an Oprah viewer. Some people can still think for themselves — actually millions of them can. And at least some of these millions know that it was no gratuitous attack out of the blue by Middle Eastern terrorists that is responsible for all of those deaths in New York and Washington. They understand that when a nation no longer has leaders whose primary concern is the security and welfare of the nation, then bad things are likely to begin happening.
They understand that the people who flew those planes into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon did it because they had been pushed into a corner by the U.S. government acting on behalf of the Jews instead of on behalf of the American people. Certainly the soccer moms and the base-
ball fans will have their anger directed toward Arabs and Muslims, but there will be plenty of people who will understand that as long as we continue to let the Jews control our country one calamity after another will be inflicted on us. I certainly intend to do everything I can to help even more people understand that.
Four million subscribers to Time magazine had a chance to read Charles Krauthammer’s explanation that terrorism and assassination are all right when it’s the Jews assassinating their enemies. And those four million Time subscribers will read in the weeks ahead why terrorism and assassination are reprehensible and must be punished severely when it’s the Jews’ enemies striking back in desperation. But you know, not everyone will swallow that line.
After the bombing of the Federal building in Oklahoma City, which clearly was a reprisal against the government for the government’s mass murder of innocent civilians in Waco two years earlier, the mass media largely ignored this linkage and tried to place the blame for the bombing on “right-wing extremists.” Some of them still refer to me as the architect of that bombing. Now they will try to keep the public from tracing the blame for the attacks this week back to the long-standing subservience of the U.S. government to Israel. Every media spokesman and every politician is referring to this week’s attacks as “cowardly” and “unprovoked.” You read that right. The Jewish party line, and therefore the party line of every media spokesman and every politician, is that the attacks were “unprovoked.” I’ve been listening to them all week, and not one of them will even hint at the possibility that maybe there was a reason for these attacks, that they were provoked by our own behavior. It’s a “no, no” even to consider that
But that sort of deception is not going to work as well as it has in the past. A lot of people are going to figure it out And I’m going to help them — and you should too, because the reprisals against America are just beginning. Many, many more innocent people will be killed because of what the U.S. government has done at the behest of the Jews. We already have killed close to a million people in Iraq alone because the Jews
© 2001 • Rational Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/ycar
demanded it. The Jews, from Madeleine Albright on down demanded that we maintain the blockade that is starving Iraqi chib dren. That is a provocation, and it is only one among many. More and more people need to think about that when looking for those ultimately responsible for this week’s attacks.
And as I said, this week’s attacks are just the beginning of what’s in store for America. Of course, I don’t know exactly what will be next, but certainly biological terrorism is coming. When it does come the death toll
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
will dwarf anything we’ve seen so far. And again most of the television viewers will believe whatever the Jews tell them to believe, and Mr. Bush will declare the biological attack “unprovoked,” and he will order the bombing of still more aspirin factories in Iraq and Iran and Afghanistan and Sudan in order to show the lemmings that he’s a strong leader and is doing something. But among the people who can think for themselves, the number who will understand where to place the blame will continue to grow. And the demand for a real solu-
5
tion, a final solution, will grow too. In this new era I won’t be the only one pointing the finger of blame in the right direction and talking about final solutions to our problem.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Provocation and Response,” aired on September 15,	2001. A cassette
recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Who Is Guilty?
Observing the responses to last week’s attacks on the Pentagon and the World Trade Center has been interesting, to say the least. It has been 11 days now, and nearly every spokesman for the controlled media and for the government has been avoiding the obvious question: “Why was the United States attacked?”
Nearly all of them are afraid of that question; they are pretending that there is no answer to that question, that there was no reason for the attack, that it was an unprovoked attack — because the answer to the question, “Why was America attacked?” also is obvious. We were attacked because we have been letting ourselves be used to do all of Israel’s dirty work in the Middle East. We were attacked because we have supported — militarily or diplomatically or financially — every bit of aggression and every atrocity Israel has committed against its neighbors for the past halfcentury. Everyone in the world with even half a brain understands that, even if talking about it is considered Politically Incorrect.
I’ve been warning about reprisals against the United States for many years. Seven years ago, on February 25, 1994, an American Jew, Baruch Goldstein, walked into a mosque in Hebron and machine-gunned Palestinians at prayer, killing 29 of them before running out of ammunition and being beaten to death by the Palestinian survivors. This act of mass murder immediately made Goldstein a saint for religious Jews everywhere. They built a shrine to him near
Hebron, and Jews from the United States and other countries still make pilgrimages to this shrine.
There were no reprisals from the Palestinians at the time, and the mass media in the United States barely mentioned the massacre, even though the murderer, Goldstein, was an American. But the Palestinians — and Muslims everywhere — remember such things. They blame not just the Jews, but also the people who finance and arm and shelter the Jews: that is, they blame America. And right after the massacre, I warned all of my fellow Americans in an article that I wrote for my magazine National Vanguard. The article was tided “Stay Out of Tall Buildings,” and it reported the massacre and the minimal response of the media here, and then it warned:
New Yorkers who work in tall office buildings — anything close to the size of the World Trade Center — might consider wearing hardhats to work for the next few months.
Well, of course, it took the Muslims more than a few months, and there were many more American provocations meanwhile. But last week the response eventually came. Of course there had been lesser responses earlier — the bombing of a couple of American embassies in Africa and of the U.S. Navy destroyer, the USS Cole, for example — but those events were a long way from here, and to most Americans they weren’t real: hardly enough to distract them from the latest ball game on TV. What happened last week finally caught the
attention of the American people. It’s about time that Americans began to pay attention to such things.
Unfortunately, the great majority of Americans still get all of their opinions and attitudes from TV, and so they will not learn what they should learn from last week’s attacks. What they’re learning from TV is that the attacks were “unprovoked,” that the attackers were “cowards,” and that “we’ll smoke them out of their holes, by golly.” They’re also taking to heart a lot of slogans along the lines of: “We’re the greatest country on earth, and these attacks will only unite us and help us all pull together.” When real lemmings hear slogans like that they become misty-eyed, put their right hands over their hearts, and begin singing “The Star-Spangled Banner.” And they begin looking for enemies, so they can demonstrate their patriotism, a sentiment which will be in fashion again for a few months.
One lemming was arrested in Washington trying to ram his car into the Saudi Arabian Embassy. Others around the country have been throwing bricks through the windows of mosques. All of them have been flying American flags. But among all of them there is hardly a grain of understanding. The dimwit who tried to ram the Saudi Arabian Embassy doesn’t understand that the Saudi government is more afraid of Muslim fundamentalists than anyone in the West is. If Muslim fundamentalism experiences a surge of growth as a consequence of the success of the
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
attacks last week, it will be either the government of Saudi Arabia or that of Egypt that will fall first, followed quickly by every other Middle Eastern government tnat has collaborated with the Jews — or, what is the same thing, with America.
And the chests of all the dimwits swell with pride when their govern-ment in Washington rattles its sabers and issues demands to the government of Pakistan and other governments in the Middle East. Washington has demanded cooperation with its effort to catch the people who attacked New York and Washington last week. The rulers and top politicians in these countries are pledging their cooperation, for their own reasons, but this sort of thing doesn’t sit well with their countrymen. Patriotic Pakistanis, both among the educated classes and among the religious elements, can only hate America even more as a result of these humiliating demands and the ignominious response of their own leaders.
Of course, I don’t know who organized the attacks on Washington and New York last week. Neither does Mr. Bush, and I doubt that he will know with any degree of certainty e*vn when he begins ordering missile attacks against various Middle Eastern targets, more for proving his “leadership" to the flag-waving lemmings here than for actually punishing the people who organized the events of last week.
Aside from these domestic political considerations, the principal determinant of the American response will be whatever the Jews think is best for Israel. Former Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu set the tone last week while the fire was still burning in the Pentagon and in some of the buildings of the World Trade Center complex. He said that it will not be enough to kill Osama bin Laden and his followers; the United States must destroy all of the governments of those countries where terrorist groups might arise in the future. We must do it now, Netanyahu demanded, while there is popular support among the American people for such a pre-emptive war. If you wait, Netanyahu said, you will lose your chance. New and stronger terrorist organizations will spring up to take the place of Osama bin Laden’s group. So strike now!
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
Typical media commentary
And other Jewish leaders, both in Israel and in the United States, were pushing similarly for a full-scale preemptive war.
There’s no doubt that the U.S. military forces could depopulate the entire Middle East with ease. With minimal loss to ourselves, we could make a huge, self-illuminated, glass parking lot out of Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iran, and all of the other countries bordering the Persian Gulf, the Red Sea, and the eastern Mediterranean — except Israel, of course. Actually, that’s not the solution the Jews prefer. Instead they want us to send in ground troops, whip their armies, take over their countries, and install puppet governments that will follow the Jews’ orders. Then they can control and milk the whole area. That grinning idiot we have in the White House, George Bush, is perfeedy willing to go along with such a scheme if that’s what they tell him to do. The media are sampling public opinion now and reporting that most of the lemmings will go along too.
Whether or not that is the way the Bush government goes remains to be seen. There are serious liabilities and risks if the United States undertakes such a major, protracted war. Occupation armies will be required to keep the area pacified. And even though the lemmings are feeling all warm and fuzzy and patriotic and morally indignant now in the wake of last week’s attacks, they may become resdess during a protracted war intended to bring the whole Middle East under Jewish hegemony, especially when our casualties begin
mounting. Presumably all of these considerations will be taken into account before the Bush government is told what to do. Mr. Bush’s advisers also should take into account what happened to the Soviet Union during its attempt to conquer Afghanistan. The Soviet Union spent more than eight years trying to whip Afghanistan’s Muslim guerrillas and had 15,000 of its own soldiers killed in the attempt before finally giving up in 1989. And during this attempt the Soviets already had a pro-Soviet government in Kabul: a government whose leaders were condemned as traitors and infidels and butchered by the Muslims as soon as the Red Army pulled out. Any government of Afghanistan that might otherwise be inclined to make a deal with the United States certainly will remember that.
Of course, just because the Soviet Union was unable to whip Afghanistan doesn’t mean that the United States can’t do it — if the U.S. government is willing to make a big enough effort and to sacrifice the lives of enough Americans. We certainly have more than enough firepower, more than enough high-tech weaponry, to do the job. We are a bit short in some departments, to be sure: intelligence, for example. I am astounded that as complex an operation as that against the World Trade Center and the Pentagon last week could have been planned and carried out without the Bush government having any hint of what was going on.
Was this another Pearl Harbor scenario, where our government knew of an impending attack but pretended it knew nothing and waited for the attack to come so as to have an excuse for becoming involved in a war? The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, of which the Roosevelt government had plenty of forewarning, transformed the sentiment of the American public from anti-war to prowar overnight and allowed the Roosevelt government to become fully involved in the war against Germany, which was Japan’s ally. Roosevelt was itching for a war because all the Jews around him were pushing for it. Did the Bush government know about last week’s attack ahead of time but pretended not to so as to have an excuse for launching a war against the Jews enemies in the Middle East. I really
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
don’t know. I think it much more likely that the government of Israel had some intelligence about the attack ahead of time and deliberately withheld that intelligence from the United States. That’s the sort of thing the Israelis often have done in the past, and they certainly welcomed last week’s attack.
Well, that’s a minor question. The big question is: Why should we start another war now? What advantage do we gain, even if we pulverize Afghanistan and kill its entire population? Do we thereby prevent any further attacks against America by people in the Middle East who object to our government’s support of Israel? I think not. Afghanistan is not the only country in the Middle East capable of supporting guerrilla fighters, and guerrillas who are willing to sacrifice their own lives by flying into their targets will not be easily intimidated. We may be able to install puppet governments and occupation armies to support those governments everywhere in the Middle East, and we may be able to introduce all sorts of new security programs in the United States intended to make the job of an attacker more difficult, but the ultimate cost of all this will be very, very high. And again, the question is, why should we do these things? Why should we continue making ourselves a target for terrorists so diat these things even bear consideration?
You know, there are Americans who have a chip-on-the-shoulder attitude. They don’t want to hear that we should stop letting Israel wag America like its tail. They don’t want to hear that we should stop doing the things in the Middle East that make the people of the Middle East retaliate against us. Their attitude is, “By God, nobody’s going to tell us what to do. We’ll continue supporting Israel with money, weapons, and diplomacy if we want to, whether it’s in America’s interests or not, and if any of those towel-heads in the Middle East don’t like it we’ll kick their asses. We’re bigger and tougher than anybody else, and we’ll push anybody around we want to, and they’d better not complain about it.” This swaggering, bully-boy attitude is what we’re hearing from some American politicians now who’re courting Jewish support — and also from some military leaders
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
Is this a scene from Israeli? No, these are “American" politicians in New York City. On the left is mayor Rudolph Giulliani.
with political ambitions, unfortunately.
I think that’s really stupid. Let’s let the attacks on New York and Washington last week serve as a wake-up call for every thinking American: a wake-up call for us to begin paying attention to our government’s policies and to begin insisting that our government act only to protect and promote the interests df the American people, and nothing else. For far too long we have watched cynically from the sidelines as our government became more and more corrupt, more and more irresponsible, more and more negligent of America’s interests. We watched the Jews corrupt our political system with their money and their media and then use America’s power and wealth for their own purposes. Most Americans, because of the Jewish control of their mass media, are not aware of this, but thinking people in most of the rest of the world certainly are aware of the way we’re being used. This has earned America the contempt of the whole world, including not only Israel’s enemies, but Israel itself. The deliberate Israeli attempt to sink our ship the USS Liberty in 1967 was just one indicator of that contempt, which has grown more profound since.
You know, there are two reasons why the people of the Middle East hate America. One reason is that to the Muslims America is the Great Satan, the corrupter of the world. They don’t want us meddling in their affairs and trying to change the ideas
7
and attitudes of their people. They don’t want our Hollywood films and our Madison Avenue fashions and our immorality and our lust for money to corrupt their people. They don’t want to be contaminated by us. They want us to take all of our Jewish fashions and our Jewish television and our Jewish attitudes and ideas and get out of their lives, go home, leave them alone. For many Muslims the view of America as the Great Satan, the great corrupter, as an actual source of corruption in the Middle East, is enough reason to attack us.
But if we were not meddling in their affairs, if we were not supporting puppet governments in their part of the world, if we were not supporting Israel, if we were not bringing our corruption to them, if we would in fact go home and leave them alone, their contempt for our lack of character and morality would not be a sufficient motive for them to attack us over here. The reason for their attack last week is our support for Israel’s aggression against them. Our lying media and our lying politicians in Washington will deny that, but it is crystal clear to anyone with eyes to see; it is obvious to thinking people everywhere. The attack last week was not “unprovoked.” We were attacked because we support Israel financially, diplomatically, and militarily. As long as we continue to support Israel we will remain a target for the patriots and the religious fundamentalists of every other country in the Middle East. Is that really what we want to do? Does that really serve America’s interests?
I think not. Let’s emphasize just two things in connection with last week’s attack. First, anybody in the media or in the government, any politician or other public figure, who tells us that the attack was “unprovoked” is lying to us: consciously and deliberately lying, because although the lemmings may not know any better, every government official and every media boss does know better. And anyone who deliberately lies to the American people on such an important matter is thereby declaring himself an enemy of America, an enemy of the American people, whether the liar is George Bush or a top media Jew or a general in the Pentagon. Anyone who tries to steer us away from the truth that this attack was a retaliation for the Ameri-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
George Bush is perfectly willing to say and do anything the Jews want so that the
media will praise his “leadership abilities.”
can support of Israels atrocious Ixhavior in the Middle East is an enemy of America.
Second, when we hear media spokesmen or government spokesmen tell us sternly, their voices quivering with phony indignation, that we need to hunt down and punish the evil men responsible for last week's attack, we can only agree with them. Yes, the people responsible for the attack are evil and should be hunted down and punished. But we don't have to go to the Middle East to find the response ble people and punish them. They’re a lot closer than the Middle East They're e\il, but not because a lot of Jewish real estate in New York was destroyed; yes, that’s right, the owner of the World Trade Center — that is, the owner of a 99-year lease on the property — is a Jew, Larry Silverstein. They’re evil, but not because a great many Jewish lawyers and Jewish financial consultants and Jewish middlemen had offices in the World Trade Center. They’re evil because thousands of young White women who worked as receptionists and secretaries and file clerks in both die World Trade Center and the Pentagon were killed, along with hundreds of airline passengers and crewmembers. That is what calls for punishment
And who are die evil men who should be punished, these men responsible for the death of so many of our people? Mr. Bush assures us that he’s got die FBI and the CIA on their tails, and that he’ll find them
pretty soon. Hey! Mr. Bush! Call off the FBI and the CIA. If you want to know who’s responsible, just walk into your bathroom and look in the mirror. Of course, it’s not really fair to put all of the blame on Mr. Bush. His last ten or so predecessors in the White House also are responsible. Republican and Democrat alike, they’ve all danced to whatever tune Israel was playing. By ignoring America’s interests and letting themselves be used by Israel against Israel’s neighbors for the past half century, they all helped to incur the debt that was only pardy repaid last week.
And indeed, we can cast the net of blame much wider. We have a system of government in the United States that the Jews have learned to manipulate. With their money and their media they are able to swing elections, buy politicians, and control public policy to suit themselves, without regard for the interests of the American people. After the Second World War they were determined to change American immigration policy in a way that would dilute the White majority with a flood of non-White immigrants, and they found a multitude of White politicians and White clerics and White businessmen willing to collaborate with them and push through the immigration changes they wanted. And when the Jews launched the so-called civil rights” revolution in the 1960s, again they found many thousands of White politicians and clerics and business-
men and lawyers to help them strike down the laws against miscegenation and push through new legislation requiring the racial integration of schools and workplaces and neighborhoods.
And the same pattern can be seen in the entire history of America’s policy in the Middle East. From the beginning it has been a policy intended to promote Jewish interests and to sacrifice American interests, but the Jews could not have pushed these policies through by themselves. They had a multitude of Gentile collaborators willing to sacrifice the interests of the American people in order to curry favor with the Jews. And these people, these traitors to their country and to their race, who put their own selfish interests above those of their people, certainly have been aware all along of the debt that was being built up. Sally Soccer Mom and Joe Six Pack may not have figured out why everyone in the Muslim world hates America’s guts and why a few Muslims are willing to die in order to punish America for what America has done to them on behalf of Israel, but the traitors understand it perfecdy well. They understand who is responsible for last week’s tragedy, and that’s why they all try to keep the public confused by always referring to last week’s attack as “unprovoked.” And I’ll guarantee you this: America will continue to have tragedy after tragedy, not because we don’t have strict enough security measures at our airports, and not because of Osama bin Laden, but because we don’t have a government which represents the interests of the American people. Until we regain control of our own news and entertainment media and have leaders whose sole concern’ is what’s good for America — not what will win them Jewish support in the next election — we’ll remain a nation adrift, hated by all, respected by none, and fair game for anyone who has a grievance against us.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Who Is Guilty?,” aired on September 22, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
9
Regaining Control
As I noted in my broadcast of September 15, and as various politicians also have noted in a somewhat different sense, on September 11 America entered a new era. For the first time in a long time American civilians have had to pay a price in blood for abdicating their responsibility to control their government. Excepting some entirely inconsequential Japanese efforts against the Pacific Northwest during the early days of the Second World War, the U.S. mainland suffered its first attack from the air this month. In the past we dished it out — the terror bombing of German cities throughout the Second World War, the bombing of Baghdad a decade ago, and the bombing of Belgrade in 1999, not to mention selective air strikes against an aspirin factory in Sudan and against the home of Libyan leader Muammar al-Qaddafi — but until this month the American people hadn’t been on the receiving end.
The psychological shock has been profound. The attitude used to be that our government could do whatever it wanted to do against the people of other countries, and Americans could enjoy the spectacle on TV from the comfort of their living rooms, watching the bombs falling and buildings burning while sipping their beer and munching potato chips. Americans felt invulnerable, and the feeling of invulnerability led to a diminished sense of responsibility. We could kick other people in the teeth all day long, kill other people’s wives and children, burn other people’s homes, and they couldn’t do a thing about it. We didn’t have to worry about the consequences of our behavior.
Even Americans who disapproved strongly of the bombing of Belgrade by Madeleine Albright and Bill Clinton two years ago didn’t disapprove as strongly as they would have if it had seemed more real to them, instead of just a spectacle on TV. What happened in New York and Washington this month seemed very real indeed. What people saw on their television screens — and still are seeing as the wreckage continues to be cleared and the corpses hauled away in body bags — was a stark reminder of the truth in
As ye sow, so shall ye reap.
the ancient adage: as ye sow, so shall ye reap.
That adage, of course, is about the last thing of which the media bosses and their lackeys in the government wanted to be reminded. Mr. Bush declared that what happened on September 11 was “an attack against freedom and democracy,” rather than retribution for anything we had done. The people who seized the airliners and flew them into the Pentagon and the World Trade Center are described as “cowards” and characterized as hate-crazed loonies who hate America because America stands for “freedom and democracy.” Really: that’s what the media bosses and the politicians want us to believe.
And that’s the excuse the Bush government is using for pressuring other governments into collaborating in his new Persian Gulf War. This is not a war to serve Israel or help the United States get revenge for the September 11 attack, the Bush line goes; this is a war against the enemies of freedom and democracy, wherever they may be. If you believe in freedom and democracy then you must stand
with us; those who are not with us are with the terrorists.
No head of state anywhere believes Bush’s baloney about the September 11 attack having been against “freedom and democracy.” They all understand with perfect clarity that it was a very specific retaliation for the U.S. government’s support of Israel’s aggression in the Middle East. The responses of other countries to Bush’s efforts to build a coalition reveal the worldwide spread of Jewish corruption. Some European countries are nearly as much under Jewish media influence as the United States and have governments nearly as corrupt. This is the case in the United Kingdom and France, for example.
The situation is mixed in Islamic countries such as Pakistan and Turkey, with corrupt governments but with populations relatively free of Jewish media brainwashing. What we might hope for in Pakistan is an overthrow of the present government; or, barring that, the large-scale sabotage of any U.S. military effort mounted from Pakistan. Afghanistan, Iraq, and Iran are almost the only countries showing any real character in resisting the Bush government’s efforts to build a pro-Israel coalition in the Persian Gulf area under the pretext of waging war against the enemies of freedom and democracy.
The most worrisome aspect of the present situation is the talk from Bush administration officials about a full-scale war to take out Iran and Iraq as well as Afghanistan, so that Israel will have a free hand in the Middle East. That is the course that has been urged by Benyamin Netanyahu, Ariel Sharon, and every other Jewish spokesman, both in Israel and the United States, and the Bush administration is obediendy parroting that line. The banners on all of the TV news programs are proclaiming a state of war. They don’t report the news any longer; they report the latest developments in “America’s New War.” Tnat is a deliberate effort to get the lemmings into a war mood. Of course, Israel is never mentioned by those pushing for a full-scale war. The purpose of the war has nothing to do
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
Many lemmings have engaged in flag-waving without much understanding of world events.
with Israel, they would have us believe; the war is to save freedom and democracy, and so we should wage war not just against the people who attacked the United States on September 11, but against all enemies of freedom and democracy. That’s the sort of lie that worked for two world wars in the past century, and so the lemmings ought to go along with it again, they figure.
And if we believe the public opinion polls, they are right. The intellectually challenged George Bush, who always has a sly little smirk just about ready to break out whenever he's reciting his lines for the TV cameras, has been portrayed by the media ever since September 11 as the bold, determined, resolute leader of the nation, and he has the approval of 90 percent of the public. Furthermore, approximately 80 percent of the public will back him in a war against Afghanistan, and 70 percent or so would like to see him take out Iraq while he’s at it, even though there’s no indication Iraq had anything to do with the September 11 attack. It really seems that the yahoo flag-wavers among the lemmings have been absorbing the warmongering propaganda of Netanyahu and Sharon ana the other Jews.
We ought to remind ourselves that this is the same American public that gave Bill Clinton an overwhelming approval rating after he admitted lying about his Oval Office affair with Monica Lewinsky. We also ought always to be cautious in accepting the results of public opinion polls. The Jews continuously sample public opinion on dozens of key issues, so that the media can adjust their propaganda in order to keep opinion moving in the way the Jews want it to move. If anything were to cause public opinion to swing against Israel, however, they not only would adjust their propaganda accordingly, they also would keep the negative results stricdy to themselves. They would tell Mr. Bush, “George, the latest polls show public opinion solidly in favor of Israel, and the people will support a U.S. war against Israel’s enemies.” Actually, in the present case, I have no reason to believe that the opinion polls are not correct. The Jews are calling for a war, the collaborators in our government are calling for a war, and the lemmings are responding as they always have responded.
There are a couple of things that might derail the Jews’ war plans. One
is the failure of the Bush government to build or to maintain its coalition of collaborator governments in the Middle East. A popular uprising in Pakistan might stiffen the spines of governments in several other countries and cause them to reject collaboration as well. Without land access to the countries the Jews want conquered, the Bush forces will be restricted to aerial bombardment. They can kill a lot of people and damage a lot of infrastructure that way, but they are not likely to win a war.
Another thing which might put a monkey wrench in the war plans would be more and larger strikes against the United States: that is, a large-scale follow-up to the September 11 attack. Whether such a follow-up has been prepared by the people who launched the September 11 attack -or by others — remains unknown at this time. The propaganda of the media and of the Bush government is that the September 11 attack helped to unify America, rouse our fighting spirit, and so forth. And indeed, many people did run out and buy American flags. But there also can be no doubt that many Americans have been unnerved by the September 11 attack.
As I mentioned at the beginning, what happened was a profound psychological shock to many Americans who previously had felt invulnerable. The collapse in the price of airline stocks is not due to the loss of four aircraft or the expense of collecting fingernail clippers and pocket knives from passengers; it is due to the fact that many Americans are now afraid to fly.
If there is a large-scale follow-up to September 11 — especially if it comes in the form of a biological or chemical attack, with as many or more casualties than the World Trade Center attack — many Americans who now are blindly following the party line on television may be ready to break ranks and start thinking about why America is being attacked. They’ll want a better answer than the one they’re getting from TV now: namely, that the attack is because Osama bin Laden hates freedom and democracy. A few of them will even begin to understand that the real reason we are being attacked is because of our government’s support for
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330
Hillsboro
WV 24946 • %40/ycax
Israel’s atrocious behavior against its neighbors in the Middle East.
Well, I suppose that’s a bit optimistic. Expecting Americans to begin thinking is expecting too much. A large-scale follow-up to September 11 may cause panic, but probably not much understanding. It may make some elements of the public more open to new ideas, but independent thinking and understanding are fundamentally foreign to most of the public.
Today Sally Soccer-Mom and Joe Six-Pack don’t have a clue about what’s really happening in their world, what the real issues are, and what’s really at stake. Sally and Joe always have been clueless, throughout all of history. They are herd animals, and they know only what the herd knows, care always and only about the things the herd cares about, cheer always and only for whatever the herd is cheering for at the moment.
Let me give you one of those little capsule oversimplifications I’m fond of. Although it is an oversimplification and is, therefore, not an exact model of the real world, I find it very helpful in making sense out of what’s happening in the real world.
There are four basic types of people — White people — in the world: First there are the Sally Soccer-Moms and the Joe Six-Packs. They constitute about 95 percent of the White population. Some are rich, and some are poor; some are factory workers, and some are lawyers; some are barely literate couch potatoes on welfare, and some are academics with pretensions to intellectualism. What characterizes all of them is an inability to think independendy or to hold any opinion not held by the herd. I often call them lemmings.
Second, there are the exploiters. They are rational people, who see the world as it is and attempt to use the world — including the rest of the population — for their own advantage. They recognize the lemmings for what they are and manipulate them in order to use them, nearly always
through deception. Prior to the 20tl century most of the exploiters have been White people themselves: the leaders of the Church, the leading members of the aristocracy, and the very wealthy — the plutocrats — for example. Exploiters have not necessarily been malevolent, nor have they
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
always been powerful. Aristocrats and plutocrats often have advanced the interests of the herd while advancing their own interests. What distinguishes exploiters is neither malevolence nor power, but rather the ability to think independendy and the placing of their personal advantages ahead of everything else.
During roughly the past century an extremely dangerous transformation in the racial nature of the exploiters has taken place. From nearly all White, they have become substantially Jewish. The White exploiters, instead of fighting off the exploitation of the White herd by Jews, have made alliances with the Jews. They have made agreements with the Jews for sharing the spoils. All of the top Jewish media bosses are exploiters: Sumner Redstone, Michael Eisner, Gerald Levin, and the rest. And so are White men like Rupert Murdoch and Bill Gates.
Third, there are the Judases: White people who might be considered a sub-type of the exploiters, but whose behavior is more in the nature of knowingly cooperating with the exploiters or knowingly letting themselves be used by the exploiters rather than engaging in exploitation themselves. For the most part Judases are people who understand the situation, more or less, and would be happy to be exploiters but are not quite bright enough, tough enough, or energetic enough, so they settle for collaboration. Many lower- and middle-echelon Gentile media people fall into the Judas category, while other Gentile media people — especially those in the lowest echelon — are merely lemmings. The same can be said of politicians and bureaucrats. Bill Clinton and George Bush are outstanding examples of Judases. Though appar-endy in the top political echelon, neither has the qualities to be a successful exploiter without Jewish backing. Clinton lacked the self-discipline, and Bush lacks the intelligence. The ranks of the bureaucracy, of the military leadership, and of the educational establishment are filled with Judases and lemmings, with Judases predominating in the upper ranks.
Fourth, there are the independent-minded people who understand much of what is happening in the world — that is, they are not lemmings — and are not inclined to be either exploiters or Judases. We’ll call
11
them “observers.” They make up somewhere between two and five percent of the White population. Observers are mainly interested in looking out for themselves, but they’re more concerned with the welfare of their fellows than the exploiters are. They understand that as the herd fares, so fare they. If the race goes down, everyone goes down with it. So they do feel some sense of responsibility for what is happening in the world: just not enough, in most cases.
I’ve always considered the observers the key element in our population: certainly, the key element in getting die Jews off our backs and regaining control of our destiny. Three of the four categories of people in my oversimplified model understand the issues involved in what the Bush government is doing now — or at least they are capable of understanding — but the exploiters and the Judases don’t care about the things we care about. Only the observers — two to five percent of the population — are capable of understanding and caring. If something happens to cause them to focus their minds on the simple fact that seven thousand Americans were killed on September 11 as a direct consequence of the Jewish control of the U.S. government — seven thousand Americans were killed because our government has for decades been used to further the interests of Israel at the expense of the interests of the American people — if they will focus on that simple fact and also on the fact that many more Americans are likely to die in the future if the Jewish control of our government continues, perhaps some of them will put their minds to the problem of breaking that control.
And so all of my own efforts have been directed toward helping the observers to focus. I don’t waste time now on the lemmings, because I can’t compete effectively with Hollywood and CNN for their attention — although part of what I’m doing is building the media that will give us the capability for competing in the future. I don’t waste time on the exploiters among my own people, because they won’t break their alliances with the Jews until they have been convinced that doing so will be to their advantage, and the time when they can be convinced of that is still a long way off. And I don’t waste time
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
on the Judases, because such people aren’t worth any time at all. The time will come for dealing with them as they deserve, but that time isn’t here quite yet
But with the observers there is hope for doing things now, hope for persuading some of them — perhaps many of them — that it is immoral and irresponsible merely to sit and observe and do nothing while the Jews and the Judases continue to use America, to use our people, for their own purposes and in doing so to bring disaster after disaster down on us and to insure a future of misery and shame for our children and our grandchildren.
There is hardly anything more irresponsible than waging an unnecessary war, hardly anything more reprehensible than waging a war for any reason except to safeguard or promote the interests of one’s own people. If waging war against Afghanistan and Iraq and Iran were in the interests of my people, then I would be for it.
You know, we’ve talked about this before, but it’s worth reminding ourselves again and again: there’s more to the September 11 attack and the Bush government’s response to that attack than the simplistic picture being presented to us by the government and
the media. It’s more than a case of Osama bin Laden hit us, so now we’re going to find him and kill him. It’s more than a case of we have been hurt by terrorists, and so now we are going to wipe out the governments which make it possible for terrorists to operate. If the U.S. government really thought it worthwhile to wipe out the governments that sponsor terrorism or harbor terrorists, the government of Israel should be the first one to be wiped out. Israel has sponsored terrorism and assassination from the beginning and still does. The current prime minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is himself a professional terrorist who supervised the massacre of thousands of Palestinian civilians in refugee camps in Lebanon in 1982.
And it’s not even a case of our excusing Israel’s terrorism because Israel is our friend. Israel is no friend of ours. Have we forgotten Israel’s terrorist attack on the USS Liberty, when the Israeli government thought it would sink our ship, machine-gun everyone in the Liberty's lifeboats, and then blame it on the Egyptians? The Israelis almost got away with that.
No, terrorism is a hazard inherent in what the world has become. Americans must deal with it as best
they can, and that means dealing with it intelligendy; that means among other things understanding why we have been attacked when we become the victims of terrorism, not stupidly accepting the claim that it is because the terrorists hate our “freedom and democracy” and then running off to start a new war on that basis.
Finally, the most important thing for observers to focus on is this: the calamity that befell America on September 11 was the consequence of our having lost control of our own government. We want to avoid future terror attacks, of course. But more important than that — more important than anything else — is regaining control of our government and never again permitting another country or another people to use us for their own purposes.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Regaining Control,” aired on September 29, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
America’s Real Enemies
Watching mainstream television news programs these days is a fascinating experience — and an enormously educational experience for those Americans able to read between the lines. CNN Headline News still carries the red, white, and blue banner “America’s New War” in a trans-parendy obvious effort to build public support for a full-scale war against Israel’s enemies rather than a simple punitive expedition against the group that organized the September 11 attack on New York and Washington. Fox News, which is heavy on interviews with bureaucrats, diplomats, generals, and the like, slants its interviewee choices and the substance of the interviews to build public support in the same direction.
There are plenty of knowledgeable Americans who are solidly against dragging America into a war to clean up the Middle East for the
benefit of Israel, but they have no voice in the mainstream news media. The people whose opinions are heard by the lemmings want everyone to believe that the failure of the United States to take out Iraq and Iran now, in the wake of the September 11 attack, will reveal us to the world as spineless wimps just asking for another terrorist attack. They tell us that every patriot should be in favor of a full-scale war against every country in the Middle East that these pro-Israel hawks label as an enemy of “freedom and democracy.” And there are lots of reports on public opinion polls aimed at convincing the lemmings that the public really wants a full-scale war.
To me the interesting thing about this media effort is its obviousness. It is so blatant that it should be quite clear to anyone able to observe it with detachment: the media bosses want a
war; the media deliberately are pushing public opinion toward approval for a major war. Even clearer is the lesson to be drawn from the way the news media avoid the obvious questions: Why were we attacked? Did our government’s policies in the Middle East provoke the attack? If so, should we re-examine these policies and perhaps change them, regardless of what we do to punish the attackers? The media people and the “experts” whom they’ve been interviewing shrink from such questions like a vampire shrinks from a crucifix. Any sensible person would ask such questions, but the media and the people they interview don’t. Fascinating!
The most interesting people to watch giving their opinions in the media are the Gentile neoconservatives: the Jeanne Kirkpatricks, the George Wills, the Jack Kemps, the William Buckleys, the Rush Lim-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 $4 /ye
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
13
U.S. support for Israel is the real reason for the attacks of September 11th.
baughs. These are people — writers, editors, bureaucrats, lecture-circuit types ■— who make a pretense of conservatism and patriotism, and who keep the businessman/Republican/ flag-waving side of the public in line. They earn their living by keeping their noses up under the jews’ coattails at all times. They all understand that their magazines would disappear from the newsstands, that their radio sponsors would cease being sponsors, and that there would be no more lecture invitations if they failed to follow the Jewish party line. They are a rabid bunch of attack dogs for the Jews without any real patriotism or any sense of shame at all. Every one of them is now beating the war drums on behalf of Israel and calling for the annihilation of Israel’s enemies.
These Gentile attack dogs for the Jews really have no opinions of their own: they simply follow the party line which is laid down by Jews, most of whom are behind the scenes. During the Clinton administration I remarked more than once that it was the most Jewish government America ever had had: a Jewish secretary of state, a Jewish secretary of defense, a Jewish secretary of the Treasury, a Jewish secretary of agriculture, two Jewish Supreme Court justices, a Jewish national security adviser, a Jewish ambassador to the United Nations, and hundreds of other Jews appointed by Clinton to powerful government positions.
George Bush’s government is different The people out front, in the public’s eye, are Gentiles — of a sort: a mulatto secretary of state, a White Gentile secretary of defense, a Negress as a national security adviser, a White Gentile Treasury secretary — and, except for Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, no really prominent Jews. That is, there are few Jews out front, where they can be seen. But the Jews are there, just as in the Clinton government, but working behind the scenes. There’s Richard Perle, who’s been gnawing at America’s foundations since the Nixon days, as one of Bush’s principal advisers on military policy, for example. And there’s Paul Wolfowitz, nominally the deputy secretary of defense, but in reality more influential in defense policy than his nominal superior, Donald Rumsfeld. Wolfowitz and Perle both judge every policy by the single criterion, “Is it
good for the Jews?” And both are relendess and outspoken advocates of the destruction of Iraq and Iran, although there is no evidence that either of those countries had anything to do with the September 11 attack. For Perle and Wolfowitz it is sufficient that those countries are enemies of Israel. In a top-level military strategy briefing for Bush on September 13, Wolfowitz urged “ending states who sponsor terrorism.” That’s still the position of Perle and Wolfowitz and all of their neo-conservative camp followers.
How do you “end a state”? What happens to the people?
Hey, the people of Iraq and Iran aren’t Jews, so don’t worry about it! What are you, some kind of bleeding-heart, liberal wimp? Don’t ask questions, just do it!
And, of course, no one among all of these bloodthirsty, neo-con warmongers even hints at putting Israel on the list of “states who sponsor terrorism” and which, therefore, needs to be “ended.” Have you ever heard of Mossad? That’s not just some rogue group of assassins and terrorists that operates without the sanction of the Israeli government. It’s an agency of the Israeli government. It’s part of the government of Israel. Mossad sends out its murder squads all over the world to kill people the Israeli government doesn’t like. Usually they don’t
get caught, or if they do the media hush it up. But they’ve been caught shooting a Moroccan with a silenced pistol in Norway, squirting poison in the ear of a Muslim religious leader in Jordan, putting bombs in-the hotel rooms of Arab diplomats in Syria. They’ve shot down civilian airliners if there was someone aboard they didn’t like. They send assassins dressed as Arabs into Palestinian towns to murder Palestinian leaders in their homes in the dead of night. In 1981 Israeli aircraft launched a surprise bombing raid on Baghdad to destroy a research center there.
Israel has had several prime ministers who were professional terrorists before they went into politics, including Menachem Begin, Ehud Barak, and Ariel Sharon, the current prime minister. The first leaders of the state of Israel were terrorists who carried out the terror bombing of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem in 1946, killing 91 people. Ever hear of letter bombs? They are an Israeli invention. The Mossad has sent hundreds of letter bombs to scientists, journalists, and academics in Egypt, Syria, and other countries to kill and terrorize Israel’s opponents.
Indeed, there are states in the Middle East that sponsor terrorism, in some cases because they have no other way of fighting back against their oppressors. But Israel has
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
engaged in far more state-sponsored terrorism than any other state in the region. And yet the “experts” who speak grimly on American television about ‘ ending states who sponsor terrorism” pretend as if they have never heard of Israeli terrorism.
As I said, all of this is painfully obvious, more obvious than Jewish television propaganda has been for a long time.
After the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995, the unanimous refusal of the controlled media and the government to acknowledge that bombing as the outraged response of one patriot to the Clinton government’s massacre of innocents in the Branch Davidian church in Waco .two years earlier, and instead to attempt to blame militias and political dissidents generally, was a pretty transparent exercise in deceitful propaganda. But the present attempt by the media and the government to deflect blame for September 11 from our country’s blind support for Israel is even more obvious. It provides a wonderful education for those observers capable of being educated.
The effect on the general public of the pro-war propaganda today is somewhat less salutary but still interesting. The lemmings are responding as expected, but there is more diversity in the response of the public than the media bosses like. I have a Jewish Telegraphic Agency report on my desk showing the results of public opinion polls taken in the United States a few days ago. The September 28 JTA report is headed “Polls following terror attacks on U.S. give Israel high marks.” The first part of the report gives the depressing information we expect. A poll of 1,011 Americans conducted by the Institute for Jewish and Community Research and the Center for Middle Eastern Studies at the Hudson Institute found that 92 percent of those questioned endorse “full cooperation” between the United States and Israel in combating terrorism. The president of the Institute for Jewish and Community Research, Gary Tobin said:
That's as close to unanimous as you'll ever get in a national poll. It means that the American public is almost completely behind Israel and American support for Israel and American cooperation For Israel.
The media rarely shows Israeli violence. This skews public opinion in favor of Israeli.
s*
Well, the support is not quite as nearly unanimous as Mr. Tobin would have us believe, but we’ll get to that in a minute.
A second poll of 1,032 Americans, conducted by CNN, USA Today, and Gallup, found 55 percent of Americans saying they back Israel in its conflict with the Palestinians, while only seven percent back the Palestinians. The pro-Israel results are up from about 40 percent before September 11, while the pro-Palestinian results remained relatively unchanged. The JTA report quotes Tim Wuliger, president of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the huge and powerful pro-Israel lobby feared by every politician in Washington:
These polls demonstrate the solidarity between Americans and Israelis. In the wake of the September 11 terrorist attacks on America, Americans understand that we should support another country which has been relentlessly attacked by terrorists and which shares our values of democracy, sanctity of human life, and tolerance for differences in personal beliefs.
Really, that’s what the Jew said: Israel, where collective punishment and the torture and killing of prisoners are government policy — Israel, the world capital of the White slave trade, where buying and selling kidnapped Gentile women as sex slaves is legal — is a country that respects the “sanctity of human life.” What Wuliger forgot to mention is that religious Jews believe that only Jews are human.
The JTA report also quotes David Makofsky, of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, another pro-Israel group. Makofsky says that the
rise in sympathy for the Jewish state is a direct result of Americans experiencing firsthand the threat of terrorism that has plagued Israel. “Americans identify with Israel’s plight,” he said.
Could it possibly be that the way the Jewish news media present the news to the American people, always representing the efforts of Palestinians attempting to regain their country as “terrorism and the efforts of the Israelis to repress them as “self-defense,” has something to do with the way Americans view the situation in the Middle East7
Well, of course, it does. Nevertheless, a larger part of the American public than I would have guessed apparendy hasn’t been fooled by the spin put on the news by the controlled media. The Jewish poll I just cited, which showed 92 percent of the public agreeing that the United States should cooperate with Israel in combating terrorism, found that slighdy more than 20 percent of the respondents blapned the September attack on U.S. support for Israel. The implication is that many of those who understand that U.S. support for Israel was the cause of the attack still are willing to collaborate with Israel. In any case, the 20 percent figure is encouraging. Also encouraging is the finding that those most likely to blame Israel are young people and people with relatively high incomes.
Another finding of the same poll is that 12 percent of the public believe that we now should distance ourselves from Israel, while 74 percent believe that we should not, with the pro-Israel respondents concentrated in the Bible Belt, where many primitive Christians actually accept the claim of the Jews to be God’s Chosen People. Remember, these are the findings of a poll taken by a Jewish organization and reported by the Jewish Telegraphic Agency, where the motive is to absolve Israel of blame and to show maximum U.S. support for the Jewish state.
A separate poll taken by Time and CNN reports that 21 percent of the respondents feel less favorable toward Israel after the attack, while only 10 percent feel more favorable. The 21 percent figure in this poll is consistent with the finding of the Jewish poll that 20 percent of the public blame the attack on U.S. support for Israel.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books ■ Box 330 • Hillsboro •	24946	•
Polls can be tricky, with the results very much dependent on the exact wording of the questions, but certainly the polls cited in the JTA report are encouraging, indicating that a significant portion of the public is able to see the obvious. Perhaps lemmings make up only about 80 per-cent of the population instead of the 95 percent that I have estimated in the past.
The unfortunate fact remains, however, that although approximately one in every five Americans understands that the September 11 attack was the consequence of our government’s support for Israel’s aggression in the Middle East, one never would guess that from watching television news, where the pretense is rigidly maintained that U.S. support for Israel had nothing to do with the attack: that it was an attack by people who simply hate our “freedom and democracy,” as George Bush puts it. Not one of the “experts” being interviewed daily on television will give the slightest hint that anyone except a few “haters” and “extremists” believes otherwise. That must be intimidating to the enlightened 20 percent: no one wants to be labeled a “hater” or an “extremist.” And, of course, it’s intended to be intimidating; it’s intended to keep the one in five who understands from explaining the facts to the four in five who don’t.
It will, of course, be yet another tragedy for Americans if we let ourselves be lied into another war to advance the interests of the Jews at the expense of our own. There is an even greater tragedy looming than another war, however: that is the loss of our most fundamental freedoms. The same people who are using the September 11 attack as a pretext to push America into a full-scale war on behalf of Israel also are using it as a pretext to stifle dissent. They have the lemmings' under control, but they’re worried about that 20 percent or so of the population who aren’t buying the television propaganda that the attack was “unprovoked” and that it was an attack on “freedom and democracy.” They want to use the power of government to shut these people up, so that they can’t influence others.
Intimidation through propaganda is a powerful weapon in the hands of the warmongers. Perhaps you remember how it was during the
FREE SPEECH for October 2001
previous Persian Gulf War, ten years ago. Flag-waving yahoos were ready to beat up anyone who didn’t seem an enthusiastic enough supporter of the war effort. Anyone who questioned America’s terror-bombing of Baghdad was looked at with scorn and considered a subversive. The lemmings all tied yellow ribbons to everything in sight — parking meters, door knobs, their car antennas, the fences around their yards, the columns on their front porches — lest anyone suspect that they weren’t gung-ho to kill as many Iraqis as possible.
The same war fever is being encouraged by the media and the government today. But that’s not enough to satisfy the warmongers, because some people just aren’t intimidated. The warmongers want to lock those people up. So-called “conservatives” in our government have wanted for years to have the power to silence troublemakers, dissidents, anyone who refused to march in lockstep with everyone else. Our present attorney general, John Ashcroft, is one of the worst of these. They want new laws to permit them to suppress any speech or opinion or activity that they don’t like. Despite their claims of support for freedom and the Bill of Rights, these lying bastards want to take away our freedom. They are far more dangerous enemies of America’s freedom than Osama bin Laden could ever hope to be.
They are disguising their fight against our freedom as a fight against terrorism. They already are ramming new laws through state legislatures, and they certainly will be pushing hard for new Federal laws as well. They want laws that not only will give the FBI and other secret police agencies additional powers to tap people’s telephones and read their e-mail and scrutinize their bank records, but will broaden the definition of “terrorism” greatly. They want laws that will define as a “terrorist” anyone who speaks in favor of or helps to support a person who has been labeled by the government a “terrorist,” or an organization that has been labeled a “terrorist organization.” They want laws that
15
will make such people subject to the death penalty. And who will decide which organizations are “terrorist organizations”?
Hey, you don’t have to worry about that! Mr. Wolfowitz and his helpers in the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center will make a list. Attorney General Ashcroft will endorse the list. And if someone is charged under the law with being a terrorist, and you don’t think he is and you give him a donation to help him hire a lawyer to defend himself, you have just given money to a terrorist and will be charged with being a terrorist yourself. Pretty slick, eh?
The people who are pushing for these new laws, ostensibly to protect Americans from terrorism, are the same people who for more than a decade have been backing “hate crime” and “speech crime” laws. All of the laws, whether ostensibly against “hate” or against “terrorism,” have exacdy the same purpose, and it’s not really about terrorism at all: it is to silence dissenters, to silence people with Politically Incorrect ideas. The Jews and their Gentile hangers-on are afraid that the 20 percent of the public that doesn’t believe the propaganda coming from television will be able to influence the other 80 percent if they aren’t muzzled. The people in New York and Hollywood and Washington who truly hate America’s freedom are hellbent on using the tragedy of September 11 as an excuse to stamp out that freedom. They are America’s real enemies. They are the ones against whom we should wage an all-out war, until the last of them has been annihilated.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “America’s Real Enemies,” aired on October 6, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
^Subscribe to FREE SPEECH
Sell $40.00, your name and address, and a nate saying: “I want te subscribe to free SPEECH” to the address on the bottom oithls page
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year