IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Free 1
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. — John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • SEPTEMBER 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO. IX
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4j 10 copies (of the same issue) fori $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amend nent, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio I .settes of each weekly broadcast.
The Faustian Spirit and Political Correctness
Dr, William Pierce
Survival Essentials
Dr. William Pierce
The Significance of the Holocaust
Dr. William Pierce
Joe Lieberman and Judaism
Dr. William Pierce
The Faustian Spirit and Political Correctness
When I was seven years old I asked for and received my first chemistry set as a Christmas gift. It became the basis for a little laboratory I had in the garage from then until the time I went away to military school eight years later. Even before my first chemistry set I prowled through curbside trash heaps in my neighborhood, looking for discarded radios, which I v J take home and disassemble *»nuplctely, trying to figure out how liiey worked. At six I didn’t understand much, but I was fascinated by every sort of technological gadget. Later the fascination extended to tools and weapons of every kind. I think it was an instinctive thing, which I inherited from my tool-making ancestors of a million years ago, who inherited it from their tool-using ancestors of five million years ago.
VCTien I was 12 years old I discovered science fiction, and from then on I knew that I wanted to be an astronaut and explore other worlds. That was a long time before Sputnik or
manned space flight, and before there was a real possibility for me to become an astronaut circumstances had compelled me to choose another
Whites have always been drawn towards science, adventure, and exploration.
career instead. But I nevertheless have continued to follow the progress of space exploration and always have taken some pride in the fact that I worked for a while in Caltech’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, where many recent space missions have been planned and the hardware for those missions has been designed.
I have thought often about the role of the tool-making instinct in the history and prehistory of our race. And I have associated this instinct with a more general characteristic of our people which I — and others also — have called the Faustian spirit. That’s the spirit which drives us not only to build things and to invent things but to explore and to try to understand ourselves and the world around us. It is a spirit which makes us seek power not just for the sake of mere power, but also for the sake of progress, for the sake of building new things. It leads us to conquer not merely for the sake of conquest, but also to improve and develop that
2
which we conquer. It leads us to value truth over and above any practical value that truth may have; to value knowledge above any monetary gain that knowledge may yield.
Thinking about these things led me long ago to the conclusion that it is this Faustian spirit which, more than any other trait of our people, led us to become masters of the whole world by the beginning of the last century. Some of the races of Asia are clever enough — the Chinese and the Japanese, the Jews, the Indians — but their cleverness has a different flavor from that of our people. We Europeans always have been the preeminent explorers and innovators, the people who explored because we wanted to learn more, not just because we thought there might be some money in it for us.
Neither the Faustian spirit nor the fascination with tools is universal among our people, of course. The Faustian spirit is essentially a masculine spirit, and it often is at odds with both the feminine spirit and the mercantile spirit When our society is virile and forward-looking and willing to take chances, the Faustian spirit is dominant. When virility is in decline, and we become more interested in comfort and self-indulgence and security and conformity, then the Faustian spirit in us — in our society, in our i ivilization — also is in decline.
Well, everything I’ve said so far today is by way of introduction to a couple of really depressing illustrations of the decline in virility in that segment of our society that in healthier times was on the cutting edge of | our climb upward toward the stars f and was the purest embodiment of our Faustian spirit — and that is our scientific/academic segment, the seekers of knowledge and understanding.
Let’s begin with something everyone has heard about very recendy: the mapping of the human genome: which is to say the determination of the sequent c of the basic building blocks in the long strands of human genetic material that determine what we are. That is certainly a grand and worthwhile project, even if it is more a massive application of technology than a scientific breakthrough. And to me it really is depressing to have to note that some of the people involved in this grand project are so much in the grip of Political Correctness that
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
J. Craig Venter
their ability to do meaningful or valid science is in real doubt. One of the actors in the genome mapping project is J. Craig Venter, who is the president of a biotechnology company called Celera Genomics Corporation. Mr. Venter and his company hope to make lots of money from their genome mapping work by selling the results to pharmaceutical companies. And Mr. Venter also wants to be very sure that his company is in the forefront of Political Correctness as well as biotechnology.
At a White House ceremony a few days ago, in which several of the genome project’s leaders met with Bill Clinton to make a public but somewhat premature announcement of the completion of the project, Venter used the occasion to tell the world that his company had used DNA from five individuals in its mapping work, and among those five were a mestizo, a Black, an Asian, and a White. The choice of DNA donors had been made, he said, “out of respect for the diversity that is America and to help illustrate that the concept of race has no genetic or scientific basis.” Really. Blacks are not Blacks for genetic reasons but because of poverty and discrimination, I suppose — or to be really Correct, Blacks are different from us only because of White racism, not because their genes are different.
That’s about as silly and anti-sci-entific a statement as I have heard in this silly era. It’s what one might have expected from the late Carl Sagan or some of the other Jewish pseudo-scientific gurus of Political Correctness, who spend much more time in front of the TV cameras propagandizing the couch potatoes than they spend in the laboratory, but it really is depressing to hear that coming from the head
of a cutting-edge biotechnology Perhaps Mr. Venter figures that his show of Political Correctness will help him garner a government grant. Anyway, any errors introduced into his part of the genome mapping because of his insistence that no differences be found among the genomes of the various races can be corrected later by objective researchers, but it is really disappointing that none of these objective researchers had the courage to speak up or even to laugh after he made his silly statement at the White House.
Well, I suppose that’s no worse than the situation we had in the Middle Ages, when the priests would awe the peasants with the announcement that some statue in the church had been seen to weep real tears or to bleed from nail holes in its hands or feet, and the scientific-minded citizens would bite their lips in order to avoid laughing. In those days Politically Incorrect laughter could get a person burned at the stake. But really, it’s a shame that we haven’t made more progress in that regard during the past few centuries. Or to state the case more precisely, it’s a shame that we seem now to be sliding back toward the climate of superstition and fear and Political Correctness which prevailed at times in the past.
Another illustration of this sort of thing is the teaching of Black History in our schools. Historians who know better bite their tongues and are afraid to contradict the Politically Correct charlatans who make the most laughable claims about Black achievements and Black inventiveness. The charlatans get the promotions and the textbook contracts, and those who laugh at the charlatans get fired. Well, one of these days we’ll return to sanity, hang the charlatans, redo the genome research, and rewrite the history textbooks.
There are other academic and scientific areas where the harm being done by Political Correctness has more immediately lethal consequences, however. It is a fact that, contrary to Mr. Venter, Blacks and Whites are genetically different. One of the genetic differences between the two races shows up in their different susceptibilities to infection by the Human Immunodeficiency Virus, or HIV, the virus which causes AIDS. If Blacks and Whites are given equal
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
3
AIDS is so common in the Black community that there are special agencies set up to find homes for Black children who are — or soon will be — orphaned by AIDS. Here, the AIDS stricken Joyce Johnson (left) visits her four children at their adoptive home. The agency is called the Family Enrichment Center. It is, of course, government funded.
exposure to the virus, Blacks are much more likely to become infected by it.
Beyond this genetically based difference in susceptibilities, behavioral differences between Blacks and Whites result in Blacks getting much more exposure to HIV. Blacks are much more promiscuous in their sexual behavior, for example, with many more sexual partners, on the average, than Whites. Blacks have a much greater rate of infection by other sexually transmitted diseases — such as gonorrhea, for example — and are less likely to seek treatment for these diseases, and the lesions from these diseases gready increase the likelihood that HIV will be transferred during sexual activity. Finally, Blacks are less likely to use condoms and are more likely to be intravenous drug abusers than Whites. All of these behavioral differences lead to a greater incidence of HIV infection among Blacks than Whites. Of course, to a very substantial degree, these behavioral differences leading to greater exposure also are genetically based, just as is the difference in susceptibility to infection.
Anyway, whether due to genes or behavior, the fact is that Blacks have a much greater incidence of HIV infection than Whites do. That, however, is what might be called a Politically Inconvenient fact. There are times when the liberals and the Jewish media want to use the fact to persuade us to provide more AIDS relief to Africa, where the disease is decimating the Black population, but they don’t want to talk too much about it in America, lest we start wondering why AIDS is spreading so rapidly among African Blacks and perhaps even start asking questions about American Blacks. What the liberals and the Jewish media want us to believe is that there is no substantial difference between Whites and Blacks where AIDS is concerned, and what difference exists is due to White racism or something of the sort which is our fault, not theirs. And one of the most important reasons the Jews and the liberals don’t want us to think about Black and White differences with regard to AIDS is that they don’t want to discourage sexual contact between Blacks and Whites.
In fact, the Jewish mass media, from Hollywood to Madison Avenue, are engaged now in a crash pro-
gram to encourage sexual activity between White women and Black males. Every second film coming from Hollywood these days seems to be pairing White actresses with Blacks. And the fashion advertisements from Madison Avenue are showing White women together with Black men much more suggestively than ever before. It is unfortunate, but our women are very susceptible to such suggestions. They are mindlessly eager to do whatever Hollywood and Madison Avenue convince them is fashionable at the moment, no matter how disgusting or self-destructive.
In view of this media campaign encouraging racial mixing, my organization, the National Alliance, has tried to counter it by appealing to the instinct for self-preservation in those White women in which that instinct is able to compete successfully against the instinct to be fashionable. To this end we have distributed a large number of leaflets and stickers warning White women of the AIDS dangers inherent in sexual contact with Blacks. Specifically, our materials warn White women not to have sex with intravenous drug abusers, bisex-
uals, or Blacks, and it informs them that heterosexual Black males are 14 times more likely to be infected with HIV than heterosexual White males.
Now, the liberals and the Jews don’t mind our warning our women not to have sex with intravenous drug abusers or bisexuals, both of whom have a much higher infection rate than the rest of the population, but it drives them into a frenzy of hatred and rage when we warn diem not to have sex with Blacks. I mean, that’s racist, isn’t it? The first thing they do is deny that Blacks are more likely to be infected with HIV than Whites are. And I’m sure that some of the White liberals really believe that. They have tried so hard for so long to convince themselves that Blacks are equal to Whites that they simply can’t cope with any evidence that in fact the two races are intrinsically and irremediably different.
What is much more alarming than this liberal inability to deal with reality is the willingness of scientifically and medically knowledgeable people to go along with this denial of reality for the sake of Political Correctness. Three months ago National
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
This billboard in Florida tells part of the story, but is aimed towards homosexuals.
Alliance members distributed our AIDS warnings on the Austin campus of the University of Texas. The jews, the liberals, and the Blacks reacted as one might expect, writing hysterical letters to the campus newspaper, organizing rallies against racism, and demanding that the university administration do something to stop the National Alliance’s activities on the campus. Decades ago any men with principles, a sense of personal honor, or any regard for the truth were purged from the ranks of university administrators, and what’s left is a collection of spineless bureaucrats whose main function is to beg for money and to suck up to Jews and other minorities. The president of the University of Texas, Larry Faulkner, is typical. In response to the demands from Jews and other liberals he issued a statement in which he said of our AIDS warnings:
We deplore the hateful and racially intolerant message expressed in these fliers.
Later in his statement he said:
Hateful messages such as those expressed in the fliers should be rejected by all civilized people.
Well, of course, there is nothing “hateful” or “racially intolerant” in our AIDS warnings. There are no racial slurs, no insults. The only thing said about any race in them is that heterosexual Black males are 14 times as likely to be infected with HIV as heterosexual White males. That’s it Why is that “hateful”? President Faulkner will tell you why it’s hateful. It’s not true that Blacks are more
likely to be infected with HIV, he’ll tell you. Our statement about Blacks and HIV is false and is simply intended to prevent loving relationships between White women and Black men. Other campus spokesmen reported that they had checked with knowledgeable campus medical personnel and had been told that our statement about Blacks and HIV is false. The claim that our statement is false appeared in every news story about our AIDS warning which was published in the campus newspaper. Not one faculty scientist stepped forward to point out that our statement is essentially correct and errs only by slightly understating the disparity in HIV infection rates between Blacks and Whites: not one spoke up. And certainly, there are plenty of them who know the truth.
Some of our members distributed a number of our AIDS warnings in Tacoma, Washington, last month, and the reaction by local liberals and media people was essentially the same as at the University of Texas: lots of hand-wringing and moaning about “hate,” and, oh, isn’t it awful that we can’t shut up the haters so that we can all love each other? And some of the hand-wringers were saying things such as, “The only race is the human race, so how can there be a racial difference in HIV infection rates?” Not very masculine thinking, to be sure, but that’s what passes for reason in America these days. Of course, the hand-wringers were able to find a few “experts” to bolster their claims about AIDS being an equal-opportunity dis-
ease and our statement about the racial disparity in infection rates being false. These claims were repeated in every newspaper story about our di$. tribution of AIDS warning stickers. The Tacoma Reporter, for example, in its June 29 issue, reported:
The Center [sic] for Disease Control's 1999 statistics show that heterosexual African-American males in the United States are only twice as likely to be infected with the AIDS [szc] virus as are heterosexual White males, no surprise to people who understand the lack of education and resources in neighborhoods whose residents are primarily black.
Well, of course, the statistics of the Centers for Disease Control show no such thing, although the Tacoma Reporter apparendy found someone working there to tell the liberals what they wanted to hear. The Centers for Disease Control is the government’s front line of defense against all of the new, exotic pathogens coming to America with the flood of Third World immigrants so beloved of the liberals. They have to keep track of and try to cope with everything from HIV to drug-resistant strains of the tuberculosis-causing bacillus to the West Nile virus. And when one race is much more susceptible to a particular pathogen than another race, then that’s an important scientific fact the Centers for Disease Control needs to take into account. If they begin putting Political Correctness ahead of scientific rigor, we’re all in real trouble.
And it was to the Centers for Disease Control that I myself went three years ago for information on the racial disparity in HIV infection rates before preparing our AIDS-warning publications. I went there again just a few days ago to see whether or not the data had changed, and it had. The 1999 data show that heterosexual Black males are now 15 times as likely as heterosexual White males to be infected with HIV. When I checked in 1997 the number was 14, but the racial disparity is increasing; the infection is spreading more rapidly among Blacks than among Whites, and the difference is not due to White racism.
It’s understandable, of course, that liberals don’t want to believe that there is such a huge disparity in infection rates between Blacks and Whites. They don’t want to believe such a big
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH iot September 2000
5
number, because It implies a real racial difference, a frenetically based difference. It undermines their whole egalitarian ideology,
Well, liberals are liberals, They are suffering from their own spiritual disease, their own disease of the soul. They’ve always been sick. What is really alarming now is that their sickness has infected our scientific and academic communities. Information no longer is judged on the basis of whether or not it is true, but rather
on the basis of whether or not it is Politically Correct. That is one of the principal reasons why our civilization is in a state of decline today.
By the way, you may be interested 111 checking with the Centers for Disease Control yourself, before they stop posting Politically Incorrect data. Ask for the HIV/AIDS Surveillance Report, volume 11, number 2, for December 1999. You’ll find the data broken down by sex, race, and sexual orientation.
Additional Rend in gi Centers for Disease Control online dutu nt'i ftp://ftp.cdenpin.org/Survcillanec/ SurvRcp/1999/
This article is bused on the American Dissident Voices program " The Faui-tian Spirit and Political Correctness,” aired on July 29, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Survival Essentials
Today let’s hack off a bit and take I look iit the overall situation of our race, I believe that it's important to do that fairly often, so that we don't get lost in the details. So here’s the situation: Very roughly, there are 100 million adult, heterosexual White men and women in the United States, and about as many White children and teenagers. There are roughly 80 million non-Whites of all ages, and I’m including among the latter the approximately six million Jews who live in the United States.
Among the 100 million adult, non-Jewish Whites in the United States, there are two to three million who are potential listeners to this broadcast. I don’t know how many are actual listeners now — probably between 100 and 200 thousand, which is somewhere between three and ten per cent of the potential. And of course, many of the potential listeners would not respond positively even if they were listening now. I receive letters often from listeners who tell me that they used to be in the enemy camp, they used to be Politically Correct, they used to believe what they saw and heard on television, and that after they began listening to these broadcasts it took them a while to wake up and get their thinking straightened out. Nevertheless, I believe that if is a reasonable estimate to say that we have two to three million potential allies in the United States: two to three million White men and women cap: iblc of becoming fighters for the survival and progress of our race.
Among the other 97 or 98 million Whites, not all are lemmings. There are probably seven or eight million men and women who are capable of independent thought, capable of having ideas not put into their heads by television, but who consciously have chosen to oppose the survival of their own people. Some of them — a million or so — arc homosexuals, and their perversion comes first in their scheme of things. They will throw their lot in with anyone — Jews, Clintonistas, Blacks — who will allow them to keep their protected status, and they will oppose anyone who wants to have a healthy, moral society.
Similar considerations apply to the feminists. Not all feminists are anti-White, but like the homosexuals they will throw their lot in with whichever side will permit them to keep their protected status. They understand that they cannot expect to have abortion on demand, no questions asked, and special hiring and promotion quotas in a healthy, White society. Keeping their privileged status, which allows them to pretend that they are men instead of women and yet he afforded all sorts of advantages and protections that are not afforded to real men, is much more important to them than the survival of the race.
And then there are those who simply are corrupt, those who can think clearly and independently and who might prefer to live in a healthy, White world if they could, but who would much rather be very rich In a decaying world of mongrels than only moderately well off in a White world.
For the corrupt, money, privilege, status, power, and even comfort come before race. We know who they are: all of the politicians, all of the mainstream media bosses who aren t Jews, most of the preachers, most of the bureaucrats, most of the big businessmen — and millions more who desperately want to be like them: millions more who may not yet have achieved wealth or status or power, but who crave it above all else. Sure, they don’t like Mexicans, but if they can keep their labor costs down and make a bigger profit by hiring them, they will. Sure, they despise Bill Clinton and the rest of the Washington crew, but they’ll suck up to that crew if they can get a few legislative or regulatory favors. Sure, they understand what the Jews arc up to; they know that the Jews are methodically destroying our race, but if they can gain some momentary advantage for themselves by collaborating with the Jews they’ll do it. They really don’t care what sort of world their grandchildren will have to live in.
And then there are the lemmings, in the ir scores of mindless millions. When I say umindless, 1 don't mean stupid. I really mean soulless. Some of them are intelligent, and some are stupid; some are industrious and disciplined, and some are lazy and self-indulgent; some are reasonably honest, and some arc not; but they all are merely herd animals, without the human capacity for making any independent moral or intellectual judgment. Apart from the herd they cannot feel or think; they cannot exist. They are important, however,
(CD 2000 • Notional Vanguard Hooks « Mo* 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/*yan
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
Today, such acts of self-defence would be considered terribly “racist.”
because there are many of them — and because whoever is pulling their strings, whoever is manipulating them, can make them all move together in any desired direction.
I’m exaggerating a bit, of course. I’m oversimplifying the description of lemmings. Lemminghood is not a condition which is defined with absolute sharpness. I have known lemmings who were almost human, lemmings who were not entirely comfortable with being lemmings, who really wanted to think for themselves and do the right thing but were afraid to. And I have known a few who actually made the transition from lemminghood to humanity — although perhaps they never had been real lemmings in the first place; perhaps they merely had been running with the herd because it never had occurred to them that the herd might be running in the wrong direction; perhaps all they really needed was for someone to grab them by the lapels and say to them loudly and clearly: “Hey! Look where you re going. Is that really where you want to go?” Maybe there are a lot more like them now running with the lemmings who just need to be grabbed and given a good shaking.
And Pm oversimplifying when I say that the manipulators are able to move all of the lemmings together in any desired direction. Usually there’s quite a bit of aimless milling around,
and even when the manipulators are moving the lemmings they generally do so in a way which is deliberately not transparent. They like to maintain the illusion that there is no manipulation. They will move some of the lemmings in a Democratic herd and some in a Republican herd, and they will generate a lot of smoke and sparks to make it seem that the two herds are opposed to one another when they’re really moving in the same direction. Then when the lemmings as a whole are not happy with developments, those in the Republican herd can blame those in the Democratic herd, and vice versa.
Anyway, that’s roughly the way we’re divided up: those who care about the sort of world we’ll have in the future, and those who don’t, with the latter vasdy in the majority. But all of us together — the caring and the uncaring, the pure in spirit and the corrupt, those who are racially conscious and those who think only about their special interests — all of us together are headed for extinction. We are headed for extinction because the White birthrate is far below the replacement level, the miscegenation rate is way up, and the sewers of the non-White world are flooding America with their Brown and Black and Yellow filth. These trends will within the next few decades make us a minority in the continent we took
away from non-Whites. And if w want to have a clear picture of that will mean, all we have to do is look at what is happening in Rhode, sia and in South Africa today.
That’s looking at our situation from a biological perspective: we are letting ourselves become outnumbered by non-Whites in those areas where we used to be the overwhelming majority, and those who are outnumbering us are our natural enemies, our competitors for living space and breeding space on this shrinking planet. Much worse, we are mongrelizing ourselves by interbreeding with these non-Whites. Numerical majorities can shift back and forth, of course, but from mongrelization there is no recovery.
We also can look at our situation from a moral perspective. We have in the past been outnumbered but nevertheless have remained in full control of the situation, because we were organized on a racial basis. When we were in the process of conquering the New World, we were, of course, outnumbered by the American Indians, but we were racially conscious, and we understood what we were doing. We understood that they were living here, and that we wanted the land for our people, and we took it. We weren't filled with any phony guilt from having Christian preachers or Jewish television producers telling us that we were wicked to conquer the continent for ourselves and that we should give it back to the Indians and return to Englanci. It was a very simple moral issue: us or them: the land for our grandchildren or for theirs. We knew how to deal with that, and we were unbeatable. It was much the same in southern Africa. Being racially conscious and understanding quite clearly the difference between us and them, we were able to build strong, healthy, progressive White societies, even though we were greatly outnumbered by non-Whites.
In America today we still have a substantial, though rapidly declining, numerical majority, but our moral situation is quite different from what it was when our race was expanding across the globe. We have slid a long way downhill from the racial pride and self-confidence we had until approximately the beginning of the
20th century. It really is no exaggeration to say that the average lemming in America today has been pumped
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
so full of artificial guilt by the media that he is uncomfortable even with the thought of being White. Many actually are ashamed and feel that they should do penance. I see this sort of thing every day. My organization, the National Alliance, publishes and distributes a number of pamphlets, leaflets, stickers and other materials that deal in one way or another with race. We distribute material with AIDS statistics broken down by race, for example: nothing derogatory or insulting, just facts. But the media describe this as “hate propaganda” every time, and the lemmings respond the same way. They really are apologetic about being White. As a race we have become a moral basket case, and in evaluating our prospects for the future that is something we must take into consideration.
Finally, we can look at our situation from a political perspective. If, 300 years ago, while a group of White settlers were in a frontier fort fighting off an Indian attack, some liberal in the fort had thrown down his musket and started whining that it was “racist” of us to defend ourselves from the Indians, that we ought to throw open the gate to the fort, invite the Indians in, and tell them that we wanted to be their brothers, some sane man in the fort would simply have taken out a knife and cut the whiner’s throat, before going back to shooting Indians. And that would have been the end of it. That was the politics of our situation then. Politics was local, and it reflected the feelings of the people, which tended to be reasonably homogeneous and in close contact with reality: which is to say, their feelings tended to be oriented toward survival. The lemmings, who made up the majority then as now and always, adjusted their thinking to that of the local leaders, who for the most part were the natural leaders, the men who were respected by those in their communities because of their wisdom, their character, their success.
Today politics is rather different. For one thing feeling is less homogeneous and much less in touch with reality. The whiners are far more numerous, and the more-or-less sane people are less likely to be in agreement as to how to deal with them. For another thing, politics is far less local and has lost its contact with the people. Policymakers in Washington
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
It doesn’t make any difference
are able to dictate the way in which the lives and behavior of people all over the continent are to be regulated. But intrusiveness is not the worst of it; the worst is that politics is far more democratic than it used to be — which means in theory that the lemmings are looked to as the ultimate authority. Their votes rather than natural ability or achievement determine who the leaders will be: that is, the nominal leaders, the elected leaders, the figurehead leaders. And whoever is able to manipulate the thinking of the lemmings holds the real power, the real leadership. The source of that manipulation has moved from the country store to the town square, and from the town square to the centers of control of the mass media in Hollywood and New York. In other words, as America has become more democratic, the ultimate power has become concentrated in fewer and fewer hands, and they are the hands of people whose interests are utterly different from ours.
Here’s a brief recap of our racial situation today: First, we are facing an imminent racial catastrophe, caused by a flood of non-White immigration, both legal and illegal; a non-White birthrate which is much higher than ours; and a horrendous rate of miscegenation, especially between White women and non-White men. If the present trend continues, our grandchildren will be living in a country with a non-White majority and will be subject to the same sort of dispossession and terror, of murder and rape, that our people are facing now in Rhodesia and South Africa.
Second, as a whole, we have been so thoroughly demoralized by the Jewish media and the Christian churches that in our present moral state we are utterly incapable of heading off this catastrophe. Our sense of racial pride and solidarity has been replaced by an
7
artificially induced feeling of guilt that amounts to a racial death wish.
Third, the political situation has deteriorated to such an extent that even if the two or three million of us capable of becoming fighters for the survival of our race were able to clear all of the cobwebs of confusion and guilt from our minds and tackle our task with all of our moral and mental resources, we could not win through the democratic political process. The lemmings always will outnumber us, and as long as the Jews remain in control of the mass media the lemmings will vote the way the Jews want them to, which means that the whole power of government will be opposed to us. In this struggle, if the Constitution gets in the way, it simply will be swept aside by our opponents. Rights of assembly and of speech will be ignored.
That is our current situation, and if you have any doubt about the reality of it, then you haven’t been paying close enough attention to what’s been happening in the world. We really need to understand just how dangerous a situation we’re in and dispense with all wishful thinking if there is to be any realistic hope for our survival. Now, in view of this situation, what does it make sense for us to do?
Here’s the answer: First, we need to continue developing our media for communicating with our people. Without communication there will be no survival. We must be able to communicate effectively not only with all of our people who merely need to have their thinking straightened out and be motivated, but we also must be able to communicate with the eight million or so of our people who are corrupt, who now are putting what they see as their personal interests ahead of their racial interests. As conditions change, interests change. In a war for survival, it sometimes pays to be able to talk with the people on the other side. Some of them may change sides.
It’s even worthwhile to address our message to the lemmings. To most of them it always will be Greek, because it disagrees with what they see and hear on television, but as I noted earlier, some of those now running with the lemmings are not true lemmings.
So nearly our whole effort now should be on enhancing our ability to
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
communicate effectively with our peo-pie: through the printed word and the spoken word, through the Internet and radio broadcasts and books, through video and music and graphic posters, through leaflets and stickers and every other means. And we’d better not waste any time, because the day is approaching rapidly when it will be illegal to say or write anything which is not Politically Correct The Jews and their allies are working day and night to condition the public to give up their constitutional freedoms in return for the promise of more security. They’ll deny they’re doing that, but believe me, that’s exacdy what they’re doing: every Jewish pres-sure group and every non-Jewish group which is allied to the Jews. They fully intend to take away our freedom while keeping the lemmings convinced that they’re as free as ever. They already have a substantial major-ity of the soccer moms and the baseball fens believing that the Constitution was never intended to protect scvcalled “hate speech.” The Jews, of course, will decide what is “hate speech” and what isn’t
One other thing: While we’re building our media for communicating with our people, let’s keep in mind a few general guidelines as to
Don’t catch AIDS
Don't haveseMBM
1. intravenous drug abusers
3. Blacks (heterosexual Black males are 14 tim as likely as Whites to bo HIV carriers) NATIONAL ALLIANCE POB 90 • Hillsboro * WV 24946 (Tel::<304) S53-4
bate	D**d« Vsen »	rate *8$	H,
Hate?
what’s feasible and what isn’t. It’s not feasible to vote ourselves out of our predicament As long as the Jews are able to reach the lemmings more effectively with their media than we are able to reach them with our media, the lemmings will vote the way the Jews want them to. So forget about political campaigns as a way to regain control of things. The only way we can use political campaigns effectively is as one more medium of communication: as a forum for talking to a portion of the public.
Under current conditions, it’s not feasible to whip the enemies of our people, including the government, through violent or illegal means: through a campaign of terrorism, for example. We would lose everything in a hurry if we tried. Con-
The Significance of the
I was very pleased by the response to last week’s broadcast. I’ve always thought that most people are more interested in specific, anecdotal, and personal commentary than in more general and impersonal commentary, and that’s why I so often talk about very specific instances of Black crime, or liberal hypocrisy and nuttiness, or political corruption and treason, with names, dates, and places. But I am pleased to note that we do have many listeners who really care about the general principles underlying all of the specifics.
Today I’ll begin in a general way, but then we’ll move on to specific evidence to support the general theses. We’ll start with the general role of the Jews in European or White or Aryan or Gentile society, whichever term you prefer. My thesis has been that the Jews — as a whole — always are
destructive:	morally	destructive,
socially destructive, even intellectually destructive, but above all racially destructive. Any society, any nation, any people that gives the Jews a free hand to do what they want will be destroyed by them. This is so because it is in the nature of the Jews to destroy everything that is non-Jewish, and because the Jews have a unique faculty for destroying other peoples’ societies.
I’ll come back to this thesis in a moment with some evidence, but first we should note the problems it presents to us in our educational program. One problem is the inability of many of our people to generalize at all. They see everything only in individual and personal terms. You tell them that the Jews as a whole are destructive to our society, and they’ll say, “Oh, no, that isn’t true, because I
ditions always are changing, of course, and after the Jews succeed in scrapping the First Amendment we will have to reevaluate everything. For now, however, we must follow a course of strict legality.
Finally, forget about trying to save America or even Western civilization as we know it. We’ve lost those things. The Jews and their allies have effectively destroyed them. What we’re trying to save is our race, our genes. Our aim is to ensure that out of the coming chaos and destruction it is our genes which survive and emerge triumphant, not theirs, and that whatever remnant of our people is left to begin building anew is guided by a healthy and progressive ideology, not by the weak and sickly ideologies of the past.
If you believe that’s a worthwhile goal, we can use your help now. Let me hear from you.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Survival Essentials,” aired on August 5, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Holocaust
know some Jews who aren’t doing anything destructive at all. They’re just minding their own business and trying to earn a living like everyone else.” They can’t quite grasp the concept of Jews as a whole; all they can see are Abe and Dave and Izzy and Sara as individuals.
A second problem is the other side of the coin: many of our people cannot think about the role of the Jews objectively because they have been convinced that the Jews as a whole aren’t like everyone else; they’re special and deserve special consideration; they’re not subject to criticism like other people. And I’m not referring primarily to the fundamentalist Christians, whose preachers have taught them that the Jews are “God’s chosen people” and can do no wrong. I’m thinking of the somewhat more sophisticated people, who
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
have been taught by the mass media and the schools that the Jews are exempt from criticism because of their unique victim status. They suffered so much in the Holocaust that they deserve special consideration, and to accuse them of bad motives or wrong' doing is like kicking someone who is down.
Certainly, if we exclude the most primitive and superstitious Chris-dans from consideration, it is the massive Holocaust propaganda that makes it difficult for most people to think objectively about the Jews. And let me tell you, it was planned that way. We’ll talk a lot more about that, but first let me finish my general thesis.
I said that the Jews as a whole are socially, morally, intellectually, and racially destructive, and that they have a unique faculty for being destructive. The reason for this is their unique mode of existence as a parasitic minority in a non-Jewish host population. Sometimes this dispersion — or diaspora - as a minority among Gentile hosts has been supplemented by a geographical concentration of Jews in Palestine or Babylon or another Jewish center, and sometimes not. In either case, parasitic is the applicable adjective.
There are other parasitic minorities, of course, but none are anything like the Jews. Gypsies, for example, exist as a parasitic minority in most White countries. Gypsies generally are considered a nuisance because of their proclivity for stealing, and when they become too much of an irritation they are chased away by the local people. But Gypsies never have an ambition to take over a White nation and suck it dry. They never try to subvert the host population. They never try to take over the schools or the newspapers and propagandize their hosts. They generally want to live among themselves, maintain their own identity, and exploit their hosts just enough to get by without causing a strong reaction.
The Jews, on the other hand, always try to take over. They don’t want the crumbs from Gentile society; they want everything. Gentile society, of course, resists, which is why the Jews have been expelled en masse from every nation in Europe, time after time, during the past thousand years. The Jewish method of overcom-
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
This is an illustration from a teacher’s book on teaching “the Holocaust.” The subject matter comes entirely from the artist’s imagination and is designed to create a feeling of guilt in those who view it.
ing the resistance is to corrupt the nation they are attempting to get their hands on. One aspect of the corruption is simple bribery. If you have enough money you may be able to buy privileges from the leaders of the nation. That worked when European nations were ruled by kings, and it works even better when a society is run by elected politicians. But if you really want to suck a nation dry, you need to go beyond bribery. You need to destroy a nation’s solidarity. A nation is, after all, like a large extended family, with everyone related by birth, even if very distandy.
You’re either in the family, a member of the nation, or you’re an alien, not in the family. That’s the essential distinction. So if you want to take over a nation, you need to make the members of the family, the citizens of the nation, forget their identity and their traditions. You need to corrupt the nation spiritually and morally as well as politically. You need to erase the distinction between insider and outsider; then you are no longer an outsider, and the resistance against you crumbles. Understand? That is and always has been the Jewish method: take over a nation by destroying it, by making a roodess, cosmopolitan, multicultural cesspool of it
In other words, you need to gain control of the flow of information
9
and ideas in the nation. You need to gain control of the mass media of news and entertainment Then you can corrupt the nation’s soul. You can determine which opinions will be fashionable, and which will not You can reshape the defining myths of the nation to suit your own ends. You can poison the minds of the children and turn them against their own people. You can steal the people’s knowledge of their own past from them and thereby be in a better position to steal their future too. You can plunder the nation at will. And that is exacdy what the Jews have done to every Gentile society, every White nation, since the Second World War.
Of course, corrupting a nation’s soul may turn out to be a fairly large and complex undertaking, and lots of tricks may be required to get the job done. When it comes to tricks, however, the Jews are in their own element The slickest and most effective trick the Jews have pulled since the war is their famous Holocaust trick. I’ve spoken with you before about the Holocaust I’ve pointed out that the way to see through the trick is to examine it piece by piece, claim by claim, detail by detail. That’s the way to separate the lies from the half-truths that they have skillfully woven together. That* s why anyone who refuses to swallow the thing whole, anyone who refuses to bow and genuflect in the presence of the Holocaust, anyone who irreverendy says, “Well, let’s examine this thing and see what it’s made of,” is denounced hysterically as a “Holocaust denier.”
Today we’ll look at what a Jew has to say about the Holocaust trick The Jew is Norman Finkelstein. He is a professor at the City University of New York, and he’s a leftist, like some other leftist Jews, he’s at odds with what he sees as a fascist government in Israel. More than that, I believe, is his concern that the greedier and more ambitious Jews will overreach themselves and bring disaster down on the heads of all the Jews. He’s especially concerned that the Holocaust myth will come unraveled and result in an enormous Gentile backlash against the Jews. He would like to defuse the thing before it blows up. And so Finkelstein has just had a book published for that purpose. It is tided The Holocaust Indus' try, and his fellow Jews are not happy
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
Norman Finkelstein
about it. In fact, they are screaming for his blood. It is a dynamite book. It was published last month, and you can get a copy from my company, National Vanguard Books, or from H amazon.com, even though you proba-I bly won’t find it in your friendly W neighborhood bookstore.
Finkelstein spends the first few pages of his book documenting the fact that the Holocaust is a Jewish myth constructed more than 20 years after the end of the Second World War. The term did not come into general use until after 1967. Everyone understood, of course, that Jews had died during the war. No one questioned the fact that there were concentration camps where many Jews, Gypsies, communists, homosexuals, and other undesirables were segregated from German society. No one questioned the fact that toward the end of the war, when conditions in Poland and Germany became chaotic, conditions became even worse in the concentration camps, and many concentration camp prisoners, weakened by malnutrition, died from typhus and other diseases. No one questioned the fact that on the eastern front there were mass shootings of Jewish hostages or that Jewish political commissars were separated from Soviet POWs and shot. Many civilians on both the German side and the Jewish side died during the war.
But it wasn’t until more than 20 years after the war that Jewish leaders calculated that there was much to be
gained by portraying Jews as the principal victims of the war, and so the Holocaust myth was constructed for this purpose. Mixing some facts — usually exaggerated or distorted facts — with lots of invention, the skilled mythmakers of Hollywood and New York brought forth the Holocaust, in which innocent Jews became the principal victims of the war, pushed into “gas ovens” by the millions by sadistic Nazis.
Finkelstein notes that the two defining dogmas of the Holocaust were, first, the claim that it was unique, the claim that no other persecution in all of history was even close to the Holocaust in magnitude or severity, the claim that the Holocaust gives to Jews the status of the premier victims of the world. Nobody else has suffered as much as the Jews have — and so nobody else is entitled to as much sympathy and compensation as the Jews. To suggest otherwise is tantamount to sacrilege.
The second defining dogma of the Holocaust was that it was a completely irrational act on the part of the Germans and was in no way based on anything the Jews themselves had done. The Jews, in other words were wholly blameless victims. To suggest that perhaps it was some behavior on the part of the Jews which provoked the Germans was to “blame the victim,” a very Politically Incorrect sin. It was a transgression against this second dogma — the dogma of irrationality — which caused one of Germany’s most distinguished historians, Ernst Nolte, to be cast into the outer darkness by the Jews and their Gentile allies. Nolte has pointed out in his writing that one of the reasons Hitler was determined to break the grip of the Jews on German society was their support for communism, and this also was one of a number of reasons the German people shared Hider’s dislike of the Jews. The overwhelming role of the Jews in Soviet communism — and also in the communist movement in Germany before Hider became chancellor in 1933 — was well known in Germany and elsewhere. And the atrocities committed by the Jews against the Gentile populations of those countries under communist rule I the artificial famine in Ukraine in which millions died and the mass shootings of Ukrainian peasants, for example — were well known also. So
Elie Wiesel
when Nolte received an award last month for his work as a historian, the Jews went into their Chicken Litde act, a lot like the act they staged when Austrian Jorg Haider’s party entered the Austrian government a few months ago. Nolte was being rewarded for “blaming the victims” the Jews and their apologists screeched.
Finkelstein quotes some of the leading Holocaust propagandists in this regard. They see any form of anti-Semitism as a “Gentile mental pathology” with no rational basis. According to Holocaust high priest Elie Wiesel the anti-Semite is driven by:
. . .irrational arguments and simply resents the fact that the Jew exists.
Wiesel writes:
For two thousand years ... we were always threatened. . . . For what? For no reason
Daniel Goldhagen, the author of Hitler’s Willing Executioners, one of the most outrageously self-serving Holocaust propaganda books, writes that anti-Semitism is:
divorced from actual Jews . . . fundamentally not a response to any objective evaluation of Jewish action . . . independent of Jews' nature and actions.
The Jewish novelist Cynthia Ozick explains it by saying:
The world wants to wipe out the Jews . I . the world has always wanted to wipe out the Jews.
Finkelstein’s book is especially valuable because it is so well documented. He cites dozens of other books and gives specific references to a number of especially revealing statements by other Jews. He also spares no scorn in talking about charlatans
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
11
such as Wiesel and Goldhagen. He shows up Wiesel as a pious fraud whose standard speaker’s fee for lying about what happened during the Second World War is $25,000. Wiesel’s popularity is based on his ability to look solemn and spout utter nonsense without cracking a smile. He doesn’t talk about reality but about the sacred, ineffable mystery which is the Holocaust, a mystery beyond all understanding or explanation, which must never be examined or questioned. And his Gentile audiences just eat it up. I must admit that I thought a Jew couldn’t be embarrassed by this sort of fraud, but apparently Finkelstein really is embarrassed by Wiesel.
Finkelstein’s explanation as to why the Holocaust was invented is essentially the same as mine: the Holocaust gives the Jews immunity from criticism for whatever they do to non-Jews, no matter how atrocious, and it gives them a rationale for demanding a handout from the rest of the world. Finkelstein does a very creditable job of establishing this explanation by detailing the way in which the Jews have squeezed the Swiss and others for billions of dollars in Holocaust reparations. He writes:
In recent years the Holocaust industry has become an outright extortion racket.
Certainly, Finkelstein’s book should be read by anyone interested in what the Jews are doing. It is filled with very valuable information. It does have one extremely serious shortcoming, however. It blames the Holocaust fraud on a few greedy and unscrupulous Jews. Finkelstein writes about the activities of some of these Jews: Edgar Bronfman, president of the World Jewish Congress; Rabbi Israel Singer, the secretary-general of the World Jewish Congress; Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wie-senthal Center; Abe Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League, and so on. And the greed and pushiness of these Jews is indeed breathtaking. Finkelstein reveals, for example, that Simon Wiesenthal, the famous Nazi-hunter, rents out his name to the Simon Wie-senthat Center in Los Angeles for $90,000 a year. Actually, that s a good deal for Rabbi Hier and the Simon Wiesenthal Center. Hier rakes in millions of dollars every year from guilt-stricken Gentiles by reminding mem that they didn’t save enough Jews
The Holocaust Industry (available from National Vanguard Books for $26.00 postpaid, item no. 960)
from Hider during the Second World War.
But the fact is that if there were only a few greedy conspirators involved, the Holocaust industry never would have made a profit. The average couch potato never would have heard of it. The average soccer mom wouldn’t feel a twinge of guilt whenever Elie Wiesel invokes the sacred Holocaust mystery. So-called “Holocaust studies” would not be a part of the curriculum for high school students in 17 states. Israel wouldn’t be able to build a huge arsenal of chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons without a peep of protest from anyone and then demand successfully that Iraq be bombed back into the Stone Age for trying to do the same thing.
The fact is that the Holocaust industry was built first and foremost by the mass media, and literally hundreds of thousands of Jews labor in that particular vineyard. A few ambitious Zionists and greedy Jewish hucksters may have come up with the original idea, but Steven Spielberg has done infinitely more to build the Holocaust myth than all of the greedy Zionist officials together. Furthermore, the Holocaust has been endorsed and supported by nearly the entire Jewish community. Nearly every Jew wants his share of Holocaust profits. Those like Finkelstein who nave done anything at all to
expose the fraud or even to disassociate themselves from it are a very tiny minority. Finkelstein certainly understands that, but he doesn’t admit in his book that he understands it. He doesn’t want to indict the Jewish community as a whole for the fraud, but in fact, it is the Jewish community as a whole that is guilty.
I said earlier that the Jews as a whole are destructive, and I used the example of the Holocaust to support this statement. The Holocaust is supported by and benefits Jews as a whole, not just a few of them, and the Holocaust is destructive to us, to our nation, in a thousand ways. The Holocaust shields Jewish organized crime in America, for example. Janet Reno’s Justice Department is afraid to tackle the big Jewish gangsters the way it tackled the Italian Mafia. The White sex-slave trade is able to flourish in Israel, and no politician in the United States will do anything to oppose it because it is a Jewish business. No politician in our government will threaten to cut off aid to Israel. Hillary Clinton can participate in an international conference on protecting women and deliberately and knowingly sabotage any measures that might put a crimp in the Jewish trade in sex slaves, and no one has the courage to criticize her for it. There’s really a lot more than crime and money and political corruption involved in this Holocaust racket. We let it control us, we let it rob us of our courage, and it destroys our souls.
Well, I’ve spoken in earlier broadcasts about many of the issues involved in the Holocaust racket. I’ll speak about other Holocaust issues in future broadcasts. It’s a big subject, with many facets. What you can do now is read Professor Finkelstein’s book, The Holocaust Industry. And then think about what you’ve read in the book while you watch the Bush campaign dance ail around A1 Gore’s vice-presidential choice Joseph Lieber-man, afraid to lay a glove on him. You’ll understand why they’re afraid to say anything critical of Lieberman.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Significance of the Holocaust,” aired on August 12, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
Joe Lieberman and Judaism
As you know, we spoke about the Jews last week, and so I really didn’t plan to talk with you about the Jews again this week, but so many listeners have written to me about A1 Gore’s Orthodox Jewish running mate, Joseph Isadore Lieberman, that I guess we’re obliged to deal once more with this very unsavory subject.
I should say first that I do not share the alarm expressed by most of the listeners who have asked me to speak about the Lieberman nomina-tion. The Democratic Party has been so thoroughly in the hands of the Jews for decades now that I believe it’s a good thing for them to be out front where they can be seen instead of continuing to pull the strings from backstage. It would be wonderful if George Bush, in his disgusting scramble to be inclusive, had chosen Elie Wiesel or some other high-profile Jew as a running mate too. How about Massachusetts Congressman Barney Frank.7 That would be really inclusive, someone who is both a Jew and an open homosexual — but, then Frank would have to change his party affiliation from Tweedledum to Tweedle-dee.
I mean, really, our whole electoral process in this television age has become so corrupt and unreal — such an embarrassing joke — that it is very difficult for me to take seriously any major party candidate, or even a minor party candidate. Did you see what Pat Buchanan chose as a running mate.7 And his rival in the Reform Party chose a Jew, just like the Democrats.
And I hope that you don’t believe that just because the Republicans are offering us two White males, neither of them Jewish or homosexual, the Republicans are in any way better than the Democrats or the so-called ^Reform Party. The Republicans just give us a different face out front and a different party line — a party line a little less disagreeable perhaps to sane, healthy White Americans than the Democratic party line — but there’s no chance at all that the Republicans will make any fundamental changes in the way the country is going. So that’s why I say that it would have been good to have a Jew on the
Wilt it benefit Israel?
The Jewish Press’ view of the Lieberman nomination.
Republican ticket too: better for us to face reality now than continue to let ourselves be fooled by the old two-party shell game.
Anyway, throughout the coming presidential campaign you’ll be able to observe the amusing spectacle of the Republicans trying to find a way to attack the Democrats without saying anything bad about Joe Lieber-man, from fear of offending the Jews. Actually, if you believe the information put out by the mainstream media about Lieberman since he became Gore’s running mate, there’s nothing bad the Republicans could say about him. Both Newsweek and Time magazines this week are full of fawning praise for him. They call him “the conscience of the Senate” and hold him up as a paragon of virtue. Is that because Lieberman was one of the few Democrats who had the nerve to criticize Clinton for subjecting us all to the Bill and Monica show.7 No, criticizing Clinton was no display of morality. It was a display of the fact that Lieberman was one of the few Democrats who wasn’t afraid of retribution from Clinton. Lieberman belongs to a more powerful gang than Clinton does.
Lieberman is not just a nominal Jew; he is an “observant” Orthodox Jew, a synagogue-going Jew who actually hires a “sabbath Gentile,” a shab bos goy, to do the things a Jew is not permitted by the Jewish religion to do on Saturday. Lieberman is a Talmud-Torah sort of Jew who takes the Jewish scriptures quite seriously. His biographical sketch in the August 8 issue of the New York Times lists “studying the Torah” as one of his principal interests. So what does that mean.7 What does the Torah command him to do besides not open any doors or flip any light switches on the Jewish sabbath?
Well, you know, I’m not a Tal-mud-Torah scholar myself, but I have a book in front of me which was written last year by two Jewish professors, one of whom has spent the last 40 years living in Jerusalem and becoming acquainted with such matters. The book is Jewish Fundamentalism in Israel, and the authors are Israel Sha-hak and Norton Mezvinsky. Their book is not so much about the details of the Torah and the Talmud as it is about the way Judaism actually governs the lives and influences the attitudes of religious Jews, of Orthodox Jews, in Israel.
It’s pretty bizarre reading, with many examples of Jewish behavior, dictated by religion, that would be considered quite scandalous if generally known by non-Jews. There are several underlying themes to the behavior and attitudes of religious Jews. The most fundamental theme is that the Jews have been chosen by their tribal god, Yahweh, or Jehovah, depending on how you want to pronounce it, to own and rule the earth. One can see a quite explicit statement of this theme in the book of the Jewish “prophet” Isaiah. In the 60th and
61st chapters of Isaiah, the “prophet” raves that eventually all the wealth of the Gentiles shall be delivered to the Jews, that the Jews shall “suck the milk of the Gentiles” and “eat the wealth of the Gentiles,” while the Gentiles all become servants of the Jews B or to use Isaiah’s quaint mode of expression, the Gentiles shall “stand and feed your flocks” and “be
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books I Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 I $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
13
A Gore-Lieberman supporter wears a custom made yarmulke at the Democratic
National Convention
your plowmen and your vinedress-
n
ers.
The Talmud is full of elaboration and explication of this theme of the special nature and status of the Jews, of their being chosen to be the owners and rulers of the earth. It is the Torah, of course, the first five books of the Old Testament, which contains the basic Jewish doctrines — the doc* trine of chosenness, for example, but it is the Talmud which explains exacdy how the Torah is to be inter-preted. And the Talmud’s interpretation often is quite different from the bland and inoffensive interpretation accepted by those Christians, primarily fundamentalist Protestants, who also accept the Jewish Old Testament as holy writ.
When the Great Reformer, Martin Luther, decided to produce a translation of the Bible into German
in the lb"1 century, he wanted to be sure that he got it right, so he consulted the Talmud and was horrified by what he found there. He could not bring himself simply to reject the Jewish Bible altogether, so he clung to the traditional Christian interpretations and denounced the Jews in the strongest possible terms for their chauvinistic and hate-filled interpretations. In his book The Jews and Their Lies Luther wrote:
The sun never did shine on a more bloodthirsty and revengeful people than the Jews, who imagine themselves to be the people of God, and who believe that they should murder and crush the Gentiles.. . . Do not their Talmud and their rabbis say that it is no sin to kill if a Jew kills a Gentile, but it is a sin if he kills a fellow Jew? It is no sin if he does not keep his oath to a Gentile; therefore, to steal from a Gentile (as they do with their moneylending) is a
divine service And they are the masters
of the world, and we are their servants — indeed, their cattle!
Today the leaders of the Lutheran Church, who are as much under the influence of the Jews as the leaders of all the other mainstream Christian churches, ignore the writings of their founder on the subject of the Jews and react with embarrassment when reminded of them. They pretend that Martin Luther didn’t really mean what he wrote about the Jews and Judaism. That was nearly 500 years ago, and Luther was merely reflecting the prejudice of his times, they say. But, in fact, the Talmud and the Torah today are exacdy what they were
500 years ago. The Talmud and Torah that Joseph Lieberman studies today are the same Talmud and Torah that horrified Martin Luther at the
beginning of the 16 1 century.
The Lutheran officials may be afraid to admit that, but Professors Shahak and Mezvinsky aren’t. They cite specific instances of the way in which the same Jewish teachings that Martin Luther preached against 500 years ago govern the lives of Orthodox Jews in Israel today. An outstanding example is that of Dr. Baruch Goldstein. Goldstein, a physician born and raised in the United States, was an Orthodox Jew. He immigrated to Israel and joined the Israeli army as a medical officer. In the army he announced to his superiors that he would not treat wounded Gentiles. In 1985, after an Israeli soldier shot a Palestinian in the legs, the wounded Palestinian was brought to an army clinic in Hebron, where Goldstein was on duty. Goldstein refused to provide medical assistance to the Palestinian, and he issued a statement in which he said:
I am not willing to treat any non-Jew.
Goldstein’s refusal to do anything to save the life of a Gentile was not a personal quirk; it was based on an injunction in the Talmud, and Jewish
religious authorities prevented the army from punishing Goldstein for his disobedience to orders. Specifically, Jewish religious law permits a Jewish physician to provide treatment to a Gentile only when refusal to do so might cause harm to Jews: for example, by alerting Gentiles to the Jews’ true feelings toward them. Despite his refusal to provide medical assistance to Gentiles, Goldstein was permitted to remain in the army as a medical officer, with the rank of captain — and in fact, he later was scheduled for promotion to major.
On February 25, 1994, the day of the Jews’ annual Purim festival, when each year they celebrate a massacre of 75,000 Persians which they organized more than 2,500 years ago, as related in the Old Testament book of Esther, Captain Goldstein entered a mosque in Hebron and murdered 29 Muslims who were kneeling in prayer, shooting them in the back with his army assault rifle. While he was reloading his assault rifle, surviving worshippers seized him and beat him to death. The Israeli government was not able to keep the massacre hushed up, and a major debate erupted in Israel that continues to this day. On one side are the Orthodox Jews, who consider Goldstein a martyr and have made a shrine of his grave. On the
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
Traditional Jews look very alien and give many people the creeps.
other side are the non-religious Jews, such as Shahak, who are embarrassed by Goldstein’s behavior and are worried about the Gentile reaction if the Gentiles ever figure out what the attitude of the religious Jews is.
Immediately after the massacre one very prominent Orthodox leader, Rabbi Moshe Levinger, told a writer for Israel’s largest newspaper, Yediot Ahronot, that he was sorry for the 29 Palestinians murdered by Goldstein in the same way that he would be sorry for the killing of 29 flies. Another prominent Israeli religious leader, Rabbi Dov Lior, announced:
Since Goldstein did what he did in God's own name, he is to be regarded as a righteous man.
There was a huge funeral procession for Goldstein, and the Israeli army provided a guard of honor at his grave. Jewish children wore buttons with the slogan MDr. Goldstein cured Israel’s ills.”
On the day of Goldstein’s funeral, one of the eulogists, Rabbi Israel Ariel said:
The holy martyr, Baruch Goldstein, is from now on our intercessor in heaven. Goldstein did not act as an individual; he heard the cry of the land of Israel, which is being stolen from us day after day by the Muslims. He acted to relieve that cry of the land.
A year after the massacre, the Israeli government issued a permit to Goldstein’s admirers to build a large monument at the site of his grave. Today, six years after the massacre, Goldstein’s grave is one of the most popular sites in Israel for religious Jewish tourists, especially those from the United States. Goldstein already has acquired the status of a saint.
There are other examples in the book by Shahak and Mezvinsky illustrating what Orthodox Jews really believe and how they actually behave. One especially valuable point the authors make is that Jews habitually deceive Gentiles by having a different meaning in mind for the words they use than the meaning understood by Gentiles. When Orthodox Jewish writers use the term “human beings,” for example, they are referring only to Jews, because the Talmud specifies that only Jews are “human beings,” while Gentiles, not having souls, are non-human animals. But the average Gentile doesn’t realize this, and when he hears someone like Lieberman speaking of his “compassion for his fellow human beings” he is fooled into believing that Lieberman is a man who has compassion for Gentiles as well as for Jews.
It’s really not possible to overemphasize the importance of this point The Jews, in order to exercise their influence, must move among us and
be regarded as more or less similar to us, whether they are religious or not There are some exceptions to this: in New York, for example, there are communities of religious Jews who want to have nothing to do with Gentiles — except, of course, to take our money, sell us harmful drugs, and abuse our women through their involvement in the White slave trade: things which are perfecdy in line with their religion. But as I said, some of them want to minimize their contact with us, and they deliberately distinguish themselves from Gentiles through their manner of dress and grooming — wearing long beards and sidelocks and fur hats, dressing only in black, and so on. To us they look weird; they give us the creeps. We are not surprised to see them spit three times whenever they pass a Christian church or to give us cold, hard stares whenever we wander into one of their neighborhoods by mistake.
But other religious Jews understand that they must mix with us in order to control us, and the ones who mix must disguise their beliefs and their purpose. So they pretend to be like us. They talk about ball games, they smile at us, they dress like us, they make jokes that we will laugh at, they come to our cocktail parties, and they lie to us about the nature of their religious beliefs. They behave like Joe Lieberman. But beneath the deceptive surface they are the same as the greasiest sidelocked, black-clad kikes of New York’s Orthodox neighborhoods — which is to say, they have the same religious beliefs, and those religious beliefs dominate their thinking and their behavior. There is only one Torah and only one Talmud — not a harsh, hate-filled Talmud for the Jews with sidelocks and a gender, kinder Talmud for Jews like Lieberman. Various groups of Orthodox Jews may wear different types of hats, but they all have the same religion. They all believe in the chosenness of the Jews. They all believe that Jews have been promised dominion over the earth and its inhabitants by their tribal god. Tbat’s what Joseph Isadore Lieber-man really believes.
Both Shahak and Mezvinsky are non-religious Jews, and their book reflects the very real struggle in Israel between religious Jews — Lieberman-type Jews — and non-religious Jews The non-religious Jews really are wor-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for September 2000
15
ried that it will be bad for Israel if the behavior of the Orthodox Jews or their hateful and murderous attitudes become generally known. It certainly would be a mistake, however, for us to assume that the non-religious Jews in general are less deceitful or less a danger to us than religious Jews such as Lieberman. Shahak and Mezvinsky really represent only an extremely tiny minority of non-religious Jews. Marx and Trotsky and Kaganovich and all of the other Jewish-communist butchers who killed millions of our people in Europe were non-religious.
And more to the point now, most of the media bosses in the United States are non-religious Jews, but that hardly makes them less deceitful. Have you heard or read any media commentary in the United States about the Goldstein massacre or the cult of Goldstein worshippers in Israel.7 Have you seen any discussion at all of the significance of Goldstein’s choosing the Jews’ Purim festival for his massacre? Compare this nearly total lack of coverage of the Goldstein phenomenon with, say, the famous Kristalnacht of November 1938 in Germany. After a Jew murdered a German official at the German embassy in Paris, Germans went on a rampage of retribution, smashing the windows of Jewish shops in Berlin and setting fire to synagogues. A total of 36 Jews were killed in the disorders, a figure not too different from the number of Palestinians slaughtered by Goldstein. Now, Kristalnacht was 62 years ago, and yet every American school child still hears about it every year. It is our non-religious Jewish media bosses who are responsible for this gross dis-

7«<k*iw

Mai?r*	\
Martin Luther
tortion of the image of the world and of history, this vast overemphasis of some news and nearly total blackout of other news. That is really much more harmful to us than all of the Talmud-based hatred of the Orthodox Jews.
It is good for our people to understand the nature of Judaism, to understand the beliefs of Orthodox Jews such as Lieberman. The best source for this sort of understanding is the Talmud, but for that very reason the Jews keep it out of sight as much as they can. And unless you are able to read Hebrew you will find only bowdlerized editions, with the most revealing passages left out or deliberately mistranslated. That’s why rare Jews such as Israel Shahak, who
are willing for their own reasons, to spill the beans on their fellow Jews, are so valuable to us. But we really must go beyond Judaism and understand that even those Jews who reject the Torah and the Talmud — the nonreligious Jews — are our deadly enemies, although not our deadliest enemies.
Our deadliest enemies are the traitors among our people. Our deadliest enemies are those of our own people who knowingly and deliberately collaborate with the Jews. Our deadliest enemies are the leaders of the Lutheran Church who conceal from their own people Luther’s teachings about the Jews. Our deadliest enemies are the few remaining Gentile media bosses — Ted Turner, for example, or Rupert Murdoch — who, understanding what the Jews are like and what they are trying to do, nevertheless collaborate with them. Our deadliest enemies are the Gentile political leaders, such as Albert Gore and George Bush, without whose conscious and willing collaboration Jews such as Joseph Lieberman could pose no threat at all to us.
Additional Reading:
Israel Shahak and Norton Mezvinsky, Jewish Fundamentalism in Israel (Pluto Press, 1999 — available from National Vanguard Books, $21.95 postpaid)
Israel Shahak, Jewish History, Jewish Religion (Pluto Press, 1994 — available from National Vanguard Books, $19.95 postpaid)
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Joe Lieberman and Judaism,” aired on August 19, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech.
Mail to:
Name:
Address:
National Vanguard Books P.0. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year