Free ,
Speech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. — John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • MAY 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. V
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Riots and Revolution
Everyone in America knows about Cincinnati. That is, everyone at least has seen the sanitized images of the Cincinnati race riot that have appeared on television screens across the country. In that regard the Cincinnati riot is different from the Seatde race riot of nearly two months ago. News of the Seattle riot was successfully suppressed by the controlled media outside the Seattle area.
In other ways, however, the riots were very similar. Although the controlled media decided not to try to suppress the news from Cincinnati, it is clear that the sympathies of the media bosses were as much with the Blacks in Cincinnati as they were in Seattle. Here’s one small example of that: The 19-year-old Black thug whose shooting by a White policeman was the Blacks’ excuse for rioting in Cincinnati had a long arrest record. There were 14 more arrest warrants outstanding for him at the time he was shot. The policeman who shot him, in other words, realized that
he was dealing with a habitual criminal, and he responded to what he believed was an attempt by the Black
HKi
* r'°.t'"9 Bla<* destroys a Cincinnati vending machine — even though the
^ansJe0,n9 a". * could to hide the r aspects of the noting.
to draw a weapon from his waistband by shooting him.
None of this was mentioned on the television news coverage of events in Cincinnati, of course. The Black who was shot was described by the media as “an unarmed Black youth” — or, in the case of Cincinnati’s Channel 9 television news program, as “an unarmed African American teenager.” And here’s the clincher: Instead of using one of the readily available police mug shots of the Black, the media managed to dig up a photo of him in a formal suit with a big, innocent smile on his face, presumably taken at some high-school dance — and that is the photograph shown repeatedly to Americans on their television screens: not the police mug shots of a hardened, 19-year-old Black criminal, but a photograph of smiling, well-dressed, teenaged Black innocence. You can be sure that some Jewish news director got a bonus from a Jewish network boss for digging up that photograph.
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
Ih
The ‘unarmed African American teenager-
At the Blacks funeral last Saturday the White governor of Ohio and the White mayor of Cincinnati both appeared among the mourners. That’s a symbolic thing. You can be certain that they wouldn’t have attended the funeral of some White street thug shot by a Black cop. They attended the funeral, alongside Louis Farra-khan’s Nation of Islam people, Kweisi Mfumc of the NAACP, and members of the New Black Panther Party, and they looked appropriately contrite and said nice things about the deceased for one reason only: they were frightened to death that the Blacks would continue rioting.
And why were they affaid of that? They could have stopped the riot dead in its tracks any time they wanted. That is, physically they could have stopped the riot. Even though 43 per cent of the population of Cincinnati is Black, the police could have wound up the riot within half an hour, and the Blacks who survived the gunfire would have been trembling behind dosed doors, afraid to show their faces. Militarily it would have been a trivial matter.
But both Mayor Charles Luken and Governor Bob Taft understood that politically they were at the mercy of the Black rioters. They knew which side the Jewish media were on. They knew that if they took strong mea-
sures against the rioters they would be crucified by the media. So just as in Seattle the cops, under orders from the politicians, simply let the riot run its course. They arrested 200 or so Blacks they caught looting stores or setting fires when they could do so 'without danger of any real conflict, but it was more a matter of picking off stragglers than it was any real attempt at riot control. For the most part the police just watched. They watched while Blacks stopped cars with White drivers, pulled the drivers out of their cars, and stomped and beat them mercilessly. They stood by and watched the Blacks beat a White woman “to a pulp.” Those words — “to a pulp” — aren’t mine; they came from the April 12 edition of the Cincinnati Post. The rule governing the cops was: don’t provoke the Blacks.
Just as in Seattle, most Whites in Cincinnati behaved like sheep waiting to be led to the slaughter. The ones who were pulled from their cars and beaten practically begged for it. A White driver would see a group of Blacks in his path milling around in the middle of the street with stones and botdes in their hands, and instead of stepping on the gas and scattering the Blacks as he plowed through them, he would stop and roll
Members of the New Black Panther
Party demonstrate
Mayor Luken
down his window to ask them to move so that he could get through.
Some Whites behaved even worse than that. A few Politically Correct soccer moms and yuppies were eager to demonstrate that their sympathies lay with the Blacks rather than with the police. One White woman carried flowers to the alley where the Black criminal had been shot by the White policeman, and as she was leaving a Black woman in a parked car threatened her: “This ain’t no crosswalk. You walk in front of me, and I’m going to run over you.” That’s from the April 16 issue of the Cincinnati Post. A group of White yuppies visiting the shooting scene were confronted by a Black Panther, who told them menacingly: “Whites are walking too freely down this street.” An impartial deity looking down on such scenes from above to decide which race should inherit the earth certainly would not choose the Whites.
Perhaps we shouldn’t expect better behavior from Cincinnati’s Whites in view of the example set for them by their so-called “leaders.” While Governor Taft and Mayor Luken were inside a Black church shaking hands with various Black militants at the funeral service for the slain Black, Blacks outside were chanting and carrying signs saying “It’s Time to Shoot Back.” The only responses from the White politicians were weak, ingratiating smiles.
The Blacks know when they have the upper hand, and Black leaders from around the country flocked to Cincinnati to take advantage of the
O 2001
Nat io
nal Vanguard	Books . Box 330 - Hillsboro WV	24946 •	*4°/*“'
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
3
Typical media coverage of the riots — “White injustice" causes Blacks to destroy property, loot, and attack Whites.
situation and stir things up a bit. One of them was the Reverend Al Sharp-ton, who came with his “adviser,” Jewish lawyer Sanford Rubenstein.
The local news media, by way of contrast, boasted that they were showing “restraint” in their coverage of the riot. What they meant by that is that they were doctoring their news coverage so as not to make the rioters look too bad. TV camera crews, instead of broadcasting live, were taping what they saw, so that editors back at the studio could snip out scenes that might arouse White viewers. In particular, the scenes that were cut were those showing Blacks beating White motorists, especially White women.
The word got around despite this censorship, however. In fact, the knowledge that the news they were seeing had been censored caused White viewers to be more responsive to wild rumors than they otherwise would have been. The radio talk
shows provided a forum for many Whites to vent their anger. They talked about buying more guns, about forming vigilante groups and shooting rioters since the police wouldn’t do it, and so on, but as usual it was just empty talk by Whites made feckless by a soft, protected lifestyle that any real effort to organize them for dealing forcefully with the Blacks would have sent most of them running for cover.
The city’s White businessmen behaved in the way we have come to expect from White businessmen. All that matters to them is profits, and riots are bad for profits. They see appeasement as the way to deal with every Black disturbance or disorder. While a White police spokesman was calling publicly for tough police action against the rioters and more support for the police from the politicians, the politicians were meeting behind his back with the local business tycoons to work out a plan for selling out the Whites and buying off the Blacks. In an interview by the Cincinnati Enquirer and also by a local radio station, Fraternal Order of Police President Keith Fangman expressed the police disappointment with the pusillanimous behavior of the mayor and the city council, and especially with an anti-racial profiling ordinance the city council had passed just two weeks earlier in response to Black and Jewish demands.
Speaking of the low morale of his fellow policemen, Fangman said:
Quite frankly, many of those on the council have inflamed tne situation in the past few months with talk about Cincinnati police officers murdering African American males but not telling people the truth about all the officers that have been shot at by these African American males. We're fed up. The only thing to improve morale is for the council to come forward and admit that the racial profiling ordinance was nothing more than a political stunt. We're in the middle of a not, and I can guarantee you that we are stopping, detaining, and questioning people in the areas where there is unrest. Two weeks ago the council called that racial profiling. Now that the city is burning, the council doesn't know what to say.... We are not going to negotiate with these terrorists, and that's what they are. These are nothing but terrorists out there on the street. If we give one inch to these terrorists in the form of negotiations, then we've got no one to blame but ourselves when we turn into another Detroit or Washington, DC.
Well, of course, negotiation and appeasement and bribery were exactly what the mayor and the politicians on
White lemmings demonstrate in favor of the Blacks and fight with the police.
the city council had in mind. While the police were held back from dealing forcefully with the rioters, the politicians and the businessmen were negotiating with Al Sharpton and his Jewish lawyer and the head Black in the local chapter of the Urban League and all the rest. The mayor, Charlie Luken, already has spoken about the need to root out racism as the key to avoiding future riots. Instead of ditching their new racial profiling ordinance, the mayor and the other politicians are talking about ways to enforce it more rigorously. Executives from the Procter &. Gamble Company and Toyota Motor Manufacturing of North America and other members of the Cincinnati Business Committee have announced that they will provide additional jobs and economic opportunities for Blacks. They will hire more young Blacks this summer, and they will give more contracts to Black-owned businesses.
And I don’t have to tell you whose jobs will be given to those Black rioters this summer. I don’t have to tell you who won’t be getting the contracts that will be given to Black-owned businesses. One thing which the businessmen and the politicians didn’t announce publicly but which I see coming is a behind-the-scenes promise of political and police power to the head Black rabble rous-ers. The first tidbit to go to a Black
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
4
Rioters break into the car of a passing motorist
will be the job of the current White chief of police. Next in order will be a Black mayor for Cincinnati. And in fact, Cincinnati will go the way of Detroit and Washington, DC, just as the president of the Fraternal Order of Police warned.
Will that be good for business? I don't think so. Certainly not in the long run. But White businessmen these days ate almost as shortsighted and irresponsible a lot as White politicians. They feel no sense of responsibility to their race or to die future. They just want guick fixes. And they are as terrified or being thought Politically Incorrect as are the politicians.
So what should those of us with a longer view of the situation do?
I’m getting a lot of letters from hyperactive idiots who are jumping up and down and telling me, "Don’t just talk! Do something about the Blacks! Do something about what’s happening in Cincinnati!"
1 think they want me to go to Cincinnati with a few members of my organization, the National Alliance, and start shooting Blacks, so that they can have the vicarious thrill of watching it on television. Well, let me tell you, if 1 thought that the time had come for the shooting to start, it wouldn’t be Black rioters I’d be gunning for. I’d be gunning first for White politicians and businessmen. Before going after our external ene-
mies, I’d deal with our internal enemies. Only after we’d cleaned out the traitors inside our gates would I aim for those outside. And even then it wouldn’t be Black rioters I’d be shooting. I appreciate Black rioters. I’m just sorry the weather in Cincinnati has been so cool and wet and the riot there didn’t last longer and take a bigger toll. There’s nothing more educational for our people than a good Black riot I’m hoping for a long, hot summer. This should be a good summer for riots, with the economy heading downhill and the Blacks convinced that White Republicans stole the election from their candidate, A1 Gore.
No, in this pre-revolutionary period the Blacks are good for us. The first outsiders we must deal with are the people who control our mass media of news and entertainment and pump their poison and their filth and their lies into our people around the clock. When we have rooted the last of these Semitic poisoners and everyone in their supporting infrastructure out of our society, the rest will be only a mopping-up operation.
Anyway, the time for shooting isn’t here yet, and that’s too bad, because a great deal mote damage will be done to our people and to our civilization between now and then, and the longer the shooting is postponed, the less we’ll have for starting over
need to focus now on the things? it is time for. And the most imports of those things is communicate with our people: first developing $ means for communication with them developing every possible medium which we can use for reaching them and then using all of those media as effectively as possible. I’m sure we’ll never reach the Politically Correct lemmings like the woman who was threatened with being run over when she put flowers on the spot where the Black was shot. She didn’t leam a thing from that experience. She went home and cried her eyes out over the unrequited love she has for the Black race. She needs to be reprogrammed by the mass media, but that can’t be done as long as the hereditary enemies of our people continue to control the media. Now they are working day and night to create more deranged White women like her. And there’s also not much to be done with the Whites who like to let off steam by sounding tough on the radio talk shows or with the hyperactive idiots who urge me to start shooting. Talkers seldom are doers.
But there still are responsible, level-headed White men and women in America capable of thinking for themselves: millions of them, actually. For the most part they keep their mouths shut now because they are isolated and they feel intimidated by the constant pressure to conform, the constant pressure coming from the mass media to be Politically Correct. But they are capable of seeing what’s happening around them. They don’t have blinders on, like the lemmings do.
My job now and for the immedi' ate future — our job — is to reach out to these millions of isolated and intimidated non-lemmings, these millions of responsible and level-headed White men and women, and to help them see more of what is happening around them, to give them more information, to help them digest and assimilate and understand that information, to help them draw responsible conclusions from it. And our job is to lessen and eventually end their sense of isolation by letting them know that they are not alone, that there are millions like them who are not dancing willingly to the tune played by the Jewish pied pipers of
Two Whites wounded in the rioting
the controlled media. And at the same time that we inform these millions, our task is to begin networking them, to help them begin working together, to help them encourage and reinforce each other.
When we have accomplished that to any significant degree we will have gained new capabilities and will be able to do other things, but for now our task is to inform and explain and inspire — and to connect, unite, organize.
Let’s finish today with a thought about our task of combating the influence of the Jewish mass media. The Jews understand one thing about mass propaganda that many people don’t understand. In its early stages the task of propaganda is to persuade, to change attitudes and opinions. But after the propaganda has succeeded in doing that — after it has all of the lemmings dancing to the same tune — it has a different purpose. Its new purpose is to create a pervasive atmosphere of ideological uniformity in which any non-conforming idea, any fact which does not fit the party line, will stand out and be noticed so that the forces of Political Correctness, the Thought Police, can swarm over it and suppress it. That’s the way it worked behind the Iron Curtain during the communist period. The lemmings were conditioned to respond instandy and report to the secret police any dissonant expression, any non-conforming statement or ten-
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
dency, anything at all that was not perfecdy in tune with the pervasive propaganda that saturated their thinking and their perceptions.
And that’s the way it’s quickly becoming in America today. My organization, the National Alliance, publishes and distributes many printed materials to inform those thinking millions of isolated individuals, to provoke them to think harder and to reach conclusions. Without the pervasive blanket of Jewish propaganda from the mass media, our leaflets and pamphlets and books and other materials — even the American Dissident Voices broadcasts — might go unnoticed. There’s so much material of all sorts being published, people are bombarded with so much information, that it’s difficult to be noticed, to catch the attention of the people one is trying to reach. But the Jews help us by providing a contrasting background of lies against which the truth stands out starkly. Their propaganda keeps the lemmings hypnotized, but it also makes it easier for the non-lemmings to notice anything contradictory to the party line.
In this regard I’ve mentioned on earlier broadcasts the reaction we always get from the lemmings when we distribute a sticker which says simply, “Earth’s Most Endangered Species: the White Race — Help Preserve It,” and gives our address. There shouldn’t be anything alarming about that, but it alarms the lemmings every time, because it stands out against the pervasive Jewish propaganda background which tells the lemmings over and over, “Black good, White bad, Black good, White bad.” The notion that the White race ought to be preserved is contrary to that Jewish propaganda background and is therefore noticed — by the millions we are trying to reach as well as by the lemmings.
5
A wounded White motorist
That is at least a small silver lining in the cloud over America. Help me take advantage of it. Help me reach out to other responsible Americans. Tell your friends about my broadcasts.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Riots and Revolution,” aired on April 21, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
SUBSCRIBE TO
SEND $40.00, YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS, AND A NOTE SAYING: ”1 WANT TO SUBSCRIBE TO FREE SPEECH" TO THE ADDRESS ON THE BOTTOM OF THIS PAGE. PLEASE REMEMBER TO WRITE CLEARLY.
YOUR SUBSCRIPTION HELPS TO KEEP AMERICAN DISSIDENT VOICES ON THE AIR.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
Patriot’s Choice
When 1 speak with or corre-spond with people from various parts of the United States the issue on which everyone seems to agree is immigration. Everyone has his own horror story about what the influx of non-White immigrants has done to the community in which he lives or to his workplace. People I know who work in Silicon Valley as highly skilled professionals complain to me about the enormous influx of Asians, who are taking away their jobs: Asians from India in particular. People in the health-care professions and in the academy also complain about Asians. Ninety per cent of the interns in many hospitals are Vietnamese or Chinese or Pakistani. University faculties are being filled with Asians, leaving fewer and fewer opportunities for White American scholars to have academic careers.
At the other end of the socioeconomic scale, mestizos from Mexico and other parts of Central and South America, are taking over virtually all of the minimum-wage jobs in the construction trades and landscaping, in poultry processing plants, in cleaning, in food service, and in many other areas where unskilled labor is required. There are large parts of the United States where there ate no White motel or hotel workers to be seen, except perhaps at the registration desk, and no White waiters or waitresses, and no Whites in the kitchen.
The public schools in these parts of the country hit hard by non-White immigration have become disaster areas, with White children outnumbered by Browns and Yellows, and Blacks. Neighborhoods, even whole towns, which used to be entirely White — and clean, safe, quiet, and decent — have become almost entirely non-White in the past two decades.
No one that I speak with or correspond with is happy about this situation; most are angry, and some of them quite angry. Of course, I don’t speak with everyone in the country. I don’t talk with the Christian ministers who preach that we all are God’s children and therefore shouldn’t object to sharing our land, our schools, and our incomes with our
non-White brothers and sisters. I don’t correspond with the owners of the poultry-processing plants, who complain that Whites aren’t willing to do die hard, smelly work in their plants at a reasonable wage, and so they bring in non-Whites who are happy to have the work. And I have no dealings with either the Democratic Party bosses who want more non-Whites coming into the country because nearly all of them will vote Democrat or with the Republican big businessmen who welcome more non-White immigration because it keeps the cost of labor down.
But I do speak with enough people that I am quite certain that the great majority of White Americans would like to see an end to the flood of non-Whites pouring across our borders. And I’m including in that White majority even the Politically Correct soccer moms and yuppies, because in the privacy of the voting booth even they would vote to end the flood. Actually, I wouldn’t be surprised if the majority of Democratic voters, who are substantially less White than Republicans, would vote to stop non-White immigration.
But of course, the voters aren’t given a chance to express their feelings on non-White immigration or on many other sensitive issues. That’s strange, isn’t it? The conventional wisdom is that politicians seek votes and will champion any cause they believe will win them votes. Why is it that neither the Democrats nor the Republicans are given a chance to vote their feelings on the immigration issue? It might be understandable that the Democratic Party would want to steer clear of that issue, considering it divisive. Even though a platform calling for an end to non-White immigration — or even to all immigration — would be popular among the Democratic Party’s White voters, it might be much less popular among the large number of non-White Democratic voters. But Republican voters, who are overwhelmingly White, certainly would favor a halt to non-White immigration. Why then is George Bush at least as strongly in fkvor of open borders as Bill Clinton was? Why does he resist enforcing the immigration
laws we already have as strongly as an Democrat, when that’s certainly |2 what the majority of the people who voted for him want?
It’s an interesting question, and its examination helps us to under-stand better the way our system of government works in America. There’s a lot of baloney in the air about “the will of the people” and similar foolishness. Most people have a foggy sort of notion that the country is governed by “the people” through their elected representatives — and in a sense I suppose that’s true, except that “the people” are not the citizens enfranchised by the Constitution, and it would be more accurate to describe the politicians through whom they govern as “bought” representatives. What the people who actually govern have learned is that the voters, who only imagine that they are the ones who govern, are very easily manipulated.
When election time rolls around, if the question of immigration is a key issue — if one of the candidates pledges to keep America’s borders open and to welcome with open arms everyone who comes across those borders, legally or illegally, and the other candidate pledges to use the U.S. Army to seal the borders and completely stop the flow of illegal aliens — so that the voters really have a choice, then we might correctly say that the voters govern. But of course, the voters are not given such a choice. The bought politicians who are candidates do not offer the voters a choice on the issues that are really important. Instead they offer various schemes for reducing the cost of prescription drugs for senior citizens or for handing out school vouchers or for implementing some other government welfare program.
They distract the voters with unimportant issues. And most of the voters are very easily distracted. For months before a major election the voters are saturated with trivia from their television screens. Unimportant issues are held up as important, and opinion polls on these issues are presented every day. How many people favor school vouchers, and how many arc against7 How many people favor
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/yMr
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
7
This group of dental students shows the current racial mix at many American graduate schools.
changing the limits on the size of campaign contributions? Should violent video games for children be restricted? But never the question: Should the government seal the borders and round up and deport illegal aliens?
It’s interesting that no candidate will take such a position, even though it would be a very popular one and would win him many votes. It suggests that there are forces at work other than “the will of the people.”
In some states so-called “popular initiatives” are part of the election process. If an organized group of voters can gather enough signatures they can put certain issues on the ballot regardless of the politicians. They may even put a Politically Incorrect proposition on the ballot, if the public feels strongly enough about it to overcome the television propaganda against it.
That has happened. In California, in 1994, White citizens concerned about the swamping of their state by illegal aliens from Mexico, put a very mild popular initiative on the ballot — Proposition 187 — which would restrict certain government-provided benefits to illegal aliens. Despite a flood of television propaganda describing the initiative as “racist” and despite violent and threatening demonstrations against it by Mexicans already in California, the initiative was approved by the voters. Then a Jewish Federal judge stepped in and nullified the will of the voters by declaring the initiative un-Constitu-tional and unenforceable. The White voters of California were too late with too little resistance, and the Brown tidal wave that they had tried far too feebly to stop swept over them and submerged them anyway just a few years later.
In most parts of the country, White citizens aren’t even given an opportunity to try to stop die alien takeover and destruction of their society. Immigration, of course, isn’t the only really important issue on which most voters aren’t given a choice. It’s just one I chose because most White voters agree on it, and the fact that they aren’t permitted to vote on it provides an especially strong bit of evidence that the notion that the country is governed by the will of its voters is not valid.
Other really important issues never are even formulated clearly
enough for the public to have an opinion on them. The question of national autonomy is a good example. If the voters were asked clearly: Do you believe that the United States should maintain its autonomy, that it should preserve its separate existence as a nation, that it should safeguard all of those resources which enable it to act independendy in its national interest? — if the voters were asked that question, I have no doubt that the majority would respond affirmatively. But of course, the voters aren’t asked that question. The candidates don’t ask it, and neither do the controlled media. The trivial issues presented to the people to keep them from thinking about the issues of autonomy and sovereignty are things such as: Isn’t it nice that the government’s free-trade policies have made it possible for us buy plastic hair curlers made in China for so much less than they used to cost us?
The fact that socalled “free trade” has driven into bankruptcy American industries essential to our national autonomy and is continuing to damage other vital industries is never discussed by the candidates or by the media. Mr. Bush pursues free trade as enthusiastically as Mr. Clinton did.
We understand, of course, that there are people in America who believe that national autonomy and national sovereignty are bad things — at least, bad for Americans — and who want to do away with them. They want White Americans to be dependent on Black and Brown and Yellow people in other parts of the world. They want America’s wealth to be
redistributed to the poorer nations of the world. They want American citizens to be subject to international tribunals. They want our national defense to be in the hands of international military forces. They don’t want us to have the ability to act independendy: militarily, economically, or in any other way.
They are the globalists. They constitute only a small minority of the White population of America. They never could have their way — they never could impose their policies on the rest of us — if they appealed to “the will of the people.” But they don’t need “the will of the people” because they have the Jewish mass media on their side. Because the Jewish media are behind them, both the Democratic Party and the Republican Party favor globalist policies, and no major candidate, no Democratic or Republican politician, dares to ask the voters whether or not they really want to abolish America’s borders, do away with America’s autonomy, scrap America’s sovereignty. And so the voters never have a choice in the matter. The insiders simply do what they want behind the scenes, and no one asks any embarrassing questions, because the controlled mass media are on their side.
One more example of a vitally important issue on which the people, the voters, are not given a choice, is the issue of Israel. American voters never are asked: Do you believe that America should support — diplomatically, militarily, and financially — a foreign country which approves of and engages in the police torture of
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
Democracy may have worked in ancient Greece, but in today's age of the mass media it doesn’t make sense.
prisoners during interrogations, which approves of and engages in the collective punishment of families or even whole communities when a single member of a family or a community breaks the law, and which approves of and engages in state-sponsored terrorism on an international scale? Most American voters would emphatically reject such support, but they are never given the choice.
And the reason they never are given the choice of whether to support Israel is exactly the same reason they ate never given a choice on immigration or on national sovereignty. The insiders, the Rhodes scholars and the other deracinated, conscienceless elitists operating behind the scenes with the support of the Jewish media bosses, reserve the truly important choices for themselves. They let the voters occupy themselves with school vouchers and Medicare prescriptions and the pros and cons of violent video games. But we never are asked whether or not our nation should be permitted to continue its independent existence or what the nature and makeup of its population should be in the future. The globalists already know what they want, and they don't want our opinion on the matter or our interference in their pursuit of their goals.
The point of everything I'm telling you today is this: White Americans who insist on operating
according Co the old rules, of letting themselves be governed by the current system based on party politics and elections, are playing a loser’s game. By adhering to ana supporting this system they are betraying their nation and their race. The system already has been taken over by the sworn enemies of their nation and their race. To support the system, to collaborate with the system is to be a traitor to one’s people. It is to betray the ideal of self-government established on this continent by our forefathers.
That, I know, is a hard conclusion for most patriots to accept. They respect the hallowed institutions of their nation. They like to do things in the accepted way, the traditional way. It goes against their grain to challenge established authority or to break the law in any way. They just aren’t emotionally or psychologically equipped to combat the sort of subversion which has overtaken us. And I’m talking now about the patriots who aren’t lemmings; I’m talking about the ones who are still capable of independent thought, still capable of examining the evidence and reaching their own conclusions. It?s very difficult for them to accept the feet that the deadliest enemies of their nation and their people have subverted and taken over the institutions by which their people have governed themselves. But, difficult to accept or not, it has happened.
had
ically inca-they look
I’ll go a step further; Even if ,k
11® bee,Y conscious, §gg nd successful attempt to suWn?' institutions and take over our m*? ment - even if we did not have JW deadly enemies in our midst deter, mined to use our own governmental institutions to destroy us - the old rules still would be invalid. In ancient Greece, perhaps — in medieval Ice. land, perhaps — with the electors comprising a carefully defined subset of a population of substantially higher quality than we have in the United States today, mass democracy may have been a viable choice. In the age of television it is not
Most of the members of every viable society are and always have been what I call lemmings. Lemmings do not make up their minds inaepen dendy. They are psychologi pable of doing that. Instead,L B around them and try to understand what other people are thinking: their peers and their authority figures. And then that’s what they think. They think whatever they perceive to be accepted by those around them. They conform their own opinions and behavior to the opinions and behavior of others. That’s one thing to know in a traditional society, where the norms observed and accepted by the lemmings are real norms: where the lemmings are conforming themselves to the real people around them, where they are conforming themselves to the fellow members of their own community and by so doing are giving stability and strength to the community.
In the television age it’s something altogether different. In the television age the virtual community of the television screen increasingly replaces the real community, the natural community, in determining what the lemmings conform themselves to. Its what the lemmings perceive which is important, and die people who control what appears on their television screens determine to an increasing degree what the lemmings pe.rcfIve- Jbis feet of life nullifies the validity of the democratic idea even when there is no evil intent. In other words, even if the masters of the mass media of news and entertainment were benevolent, the power in their hands would be sufficient to “the will of the people” the media masters wanted it to h and the whole concept of democracy would be meaningless
<D 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946
$40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
9
And with Jews controlling the media, democracy is not only a fraud; it is an unmitigated disaster carrying our sod-ety, our civilization, and our race toward final oblivion.
So what is a patriot to do? Should he ignore all the evidence of an enemy takeover and continue support-ing the current system? And again, I’m talking only about those patriots who do notice the evidence. Do you remember what I told you about the mayor of Cincinnati and the other White politicians there and the treacherous way they behaved after the recent Black riot in Cincinnati? Earlier this week — on Monday — the first “hate crime” indictment stemming from that riot was filed. Who do you think was indicted? Do you think maybe it was one of the Black rioters: perhaps one of those who pulled a White woman from her car and beat her to a pulp? If that’s what you think, you are dead wrong. The first and so far the only person to be indicted for a “hate crime” during the riot is a White man who fought hack against the Blacks: a White man who was angered by what he saw the Blacks doing and decided not to just
stand there and watch them destroy his city. He is 20-year-old Craig Carr. He picked up a brick, threw it at a Black, and expressed his feelings about Blacks generally. And the local White politicians and bureaucrats saw their opportunity to deflect charges of “racial profiling” against themselves based on the fact that nearly all of the people who had been arrested during the riot are Black. They would file the most serious charges against a White man. That should please the media bosses!
Should an observant patriot simply ignore that sort of behavior and continue supporting the system? Should a patriot continue to respect the old rules simply because the system is continuing to follow them: at least, in outward form?
That’s what the White politicians and the White bureaucrats are doing: the White mayors and prosecutors and judges, and not just in Cincinnati, but everywhere. They are ignoring the evidence and continuing to follow the old rules because they know which side their bread is buttered on, and that’s all that matters to them. Along with the system, they
have become corrupt Black rioters and illegal aliens ana the Jews controlling the media are not their enemies. To them the White man who fights back is the enemy. To them the observant patriot who chooses to be a real patriot is the enemy. To them I am the enemy — and of that I am proud.
I know that they would like to lock me up and silence me. And believe me, there is nothing better that I would like to do to them than make them dance on air with their hands tied behind their backs: all of them.
So again, what is a patriot to do? How is he to reconcile nis instinctive respect for the old forms and institutions with the present reality? What is the solution?
Well, I’ll tell you. I’ll tell all of you patriots trying to make a choice: White revolution is the only solution.
This article is based on the American	
Dissident Voices program “Patriot’s	
Choice,” aired on April 28, 2001. A	
cassette recording of this broadcast is	
available from National Vanguard	
Books for $12.95 postpaid.	
Feces, Fetuses, Etc.
Let me begin by responding to a few listeners who had trouble believing the bizarre things I reported three weeks ago, when I wanted to illustrate the fact that there are profound psychological differences separating the various human races, ana these differences have evolutionary origins: which is to say that they are inborn, genetically determined differences that were established over a long period of time during the evolution or the various races in various parts of the world, where there were differing evolutionary environments.
In particular, I illustrated the psychological differences between the Chinese and Europeans, and between Jews and Aryans. In the case of the Jews I used the often-remarked Jewish tendency toward scatological humor, which is a much greater tendency than appears in Aryans. I cited as an example of this tendency a new MTV program, Dude, This Sucks. I mentioned that in the filming of a recent episode of this program two men — the “Shower Rangers” — who previously had been dosed with a powerful laxative, came onto the stage dressed
as Boy Scouts. On cue they turned their backs to the audience, dropped their trousers, bent over, and sprayed a group of unsuspecting teenaged girls on the stage with feces.
The Jews who scripted the Shower Rangers’ act apparendy thought this feces shower was hilariously funny. This is the sort of thing that Jews usually consider funny. I pointed out that the Jew ultimately responsible for the Shower Rangers is the owner of MTV, billionaire media mogul Sumner Redstone, who also owns CBS and many other mass media. He is one of the most influential Jews in the world, a Jew who, whenever he visits the White House, always gets a big hug from whichever shabbos goy is President at the moment. I also could have blamed the feces-s praying incident on MTV’s homosexual Jewish program manager, Brian Graden, who, or course, taxes his orders from Redstone.
Some listeners just couldn’t believe that an ultra-rich, ultra-influential Jew such as Redstone could be involved in such a low-class act as the Shower Rangers:	Howard	Stern,
maybe, but not Sumner Redstone. One thing I didn’t point out in my broadcast three weeks ago is that the Jew Howard Stern also works for Sumner Redstone. Redstone undoubtedly is a very sophisticated and very clever Jew, but the Shower Rangers is indeed the sort of filth he regularly produces for the consumption of Aryan teenagers, whether their parents are paying attention or not. It is indeed the sort of filth he and his fellow Jews who control our media, our advertising, and the conditioning of our children think is very funny. Talk to a swimming pool maintenance man in Hollywood or someone who is responsible for security at one of the New York condos where these rich Jews live and play. You’ll get an earful.
Whether Sumner Redstone and Brian Graden believed that the Shower Rangers would be a bold new step toward conditioning Aryan teenagers to laugh at the same things Jews laugh at or whether they naively believed that Aryans and Jews already laugh at the same things, there can be no real dispute about die fact that the
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
Shower Rangers were part of an MTV program ana that they performed as I said. The performance I described is the subject of a lawsuit filed against MTV in Los Angeles Superior Court at the beginning of last month by two of the girts who were sprayed.
The people who told me that Sumner Redstone never would condone something like the Shower Rangers, that he is too smart and sophisticated for that, were confirmed in their belief by the fact that they couldn’t find any news of the spraying incident in Los Angeles newspapers. Are you surprised that the media bosses cover for each other? But actually, Jews do talk about these things with one another. If it’s too much trouble for you to get a copy of the court documents, then scan some of the Hollywood “insider” newsletters, which are chock full of news reports on things such as which media mogul’s son was so drunk at his bar mitzvah last Saturday that he barfed all over the Torah scroll, or which queer ad-agency executive has just been diagnosed as having AIDS, or who is rumored to have made an out-of-court settlement with a shikse starlet to avoid a paternity suit. Several of the Hollywood newsletters carried all the details of the Shower Ranger episode last month. Believe me; it happened. And believe me, it is typical of the people who control Hollywood and the television entertainment industry and the conditioning of America’s children — and, incidentally, all three branches of our government
When I spoke about the psychological differences between Chinese and Europeans, I focused on the eating habits of the Chinese. Specifically, I mentioned their habit of eating aborted human fetuses and also domestic dogs and cats and body parts from various wild animals, including those belonging to endangered species, and I gave tiger penis and rhinoceros horn as examples.
I also remarked that what the Chinese do to cats and dogs is much worse than merely eating them. Some listeners questioned this statement “What could the Chinese do to cats and dogs that would be worse than eating them?” 1 was asked. What’s worse is the way the cats and dogs are treated before and during being killed for eating — and also before and during being skinned for their for. And I
Fetus photo 1
should warn you that I’m a bit of an extremist on the subject of cruelty to animals. I abhor cruelty, whether the perpetrator is Chinese or European. I abhor the practices of White men who trap for-bearing animals. I am horrified especially by the killing of big cats to make for coats or jackets for rich women, but I am extremely hostile even to the breeding of mink and other small mammals just so that they can be skinned to help the female lemmings who can afford it be more fashionable. The feet that there are White people who are cruel, callous, and indifferent to the suffering of animals and who are unmoved by the killing of such beautiful and magnificent creatures as the big cats, however, doesn’t mean that we are just as bad as the Chinese in this regard. There are substantial differences. In general, there seems to be no feeling at all among the Chinese and other Asians for the feelings of animals. There seems to be no understanding, no comprehension, of the White man’s sympathy for animals. To the Chinese an animal is simply an object, which may or may not have any economic value. If it does have economic value, then it should be used in any way that is profitable.
In addition to this general inability to sympathize with animals, the Chinese do have their peculiar culinary habits and their peculiar notions
about diet. The consequence is that cats and dogs intended to be eaten or skinned are treated in an almost unbelievably inhumane manner. The cats generally are strangled or drowned before being skinned, so as not to damage the mr. Some dogs, who do not have a cat’s ability to inflict damage on their tormentors with their claws, are actually skinned alive. And there is the Chinese gourmet’s peculiar notion that the more painful a death the animal suffers, the more tender and tasty is the meat. So, to please the customer, a dog or cat will be selected from a cage in a restaurant, then taken into the kitchen to have all its bones broken before it is slaughtered. The customer, seated at his table, can enjoy the screams of agony coming from the kitchen as he awaits his meal.
There’s a great deal of very unpleasant information on this sort of thing available at the Web site of the Humane Society of the United States. That’s hsus.org. The Humane Society even has sent undercover investigators with video cameras into China to record some of the horrible things that are done to cats and dogs there.
The subject on which I received the most questions was my report on the eating of human fetuses by Chinese, who believe the practice is healthy, just as they regaref powdered rhinoceros horn as an aphrodisiac and tiger penis as a potency enhancer. Some people who wrote to me just didn’t believe that the Chinese could be so different from Europeans — or at least, they didn’t want to believe it. Some of them accused me of being untruthful. Others simply requested proof. Actually, there’s a great deal of evidence available on the subject, but the language difference, along with the characteristic Chinese suspicion of outsiders, does pose some difficulties in gathering it. For this reason I’ll restrict my evidence today to an English-language Chinese source, the Hong Kong newspaper Eastern Express. All me quotes which follow are from a lengthy article which appeared in the April 12, 1995, issue of the Eastern Express. A reporter visited several hospitals in mainland China seeking aborted fetuses for eating and found that they were readily available. I quote from the Eastern Express:
Reports that dead embryos were being used as dietary supplements started to spread early last year with reports that
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
some doctors in Shenzhen hospitals were eating dead fetuses after carrying out abortions. The doctors allegedly defended their actions by saying the embryos were good for their skin ana general health.
A trend was set, and soon reports circulated that doctors in the city were promoting fetuses as a human tonic. Hospital cleaning women were seen fighting each other to take the treasured human remains home. Last month reporters from East Week — a sister publication of Eastern Express — went to Snenzhen to see if the rumors could be substantiated. On March 7 a reporter entered the state-run Shenzhen Heath Center for Women and Children feigning illness and asked a female doctor for a fetus. The doctor said the department was out of stock but to come again.
The next day the reporter returned at lunch time. The doctor eventually emerged from the operating theatre holding a nst-size glass bottle stuffed with thumb-size fetuses. She said, "There are 10 fetuses here, all aborted this morning. You can take them. We are a state hospital and don't charge anything."...
The reporter learned that the going rate for a fetus was $10, but when the merchandise was in short supply the price could go up to $20. But these prices are pin money compared to those set by private clinics, which are said to make a fortune selling fetuses. One chap on Bong Men Lao Street charges $300 for one fetus. The person in charge of the clinic is a man in his 60s. When ne saw the ailing reporter he offered to take an order for fetuses that had reached full term and that, it is claimed, have the best healing properties. When a female doctor named Yang ... of Sin Hua clinic was asked whether fetuses were edible, she said emphatically, "Of course, they are. They are even better than placentas. They can make your skin smoother, your body stronger, and are good for kidneys. When I was in an army hospital in Jiangti province I often brought fetuses home."...
A Mr. Cheng from Hong Kong claims he has been eating fetus soup for more than six months. To begin, the man, in his 40s, would make the trip to Shenzhen frequently for business ana was introduced to fetuses by friends. He says he met a number of professors and doctors in government hospitals who helped him buy the fetuses. "At first I felt uncomfortable, but doctors said the substances in fetuses could help cure my asthma. I started taking them, and gradually the asthma disappeared," Cheng said....
Zou Qin, 32, a woman from Hubei with the fine skin of someone several years younger, attributes her well preserved looks to a diet of fetuses. As a doctor at the Lun Hu Clinic, Zou has carried out abortions on several hundred patients. She believes fetuses are highly nutritious and claims to have eaten more than 100 in the past six months. She pulls out a fetus specimen before a reporter and explains the selection criteria. "People normally prefer fetuses of young women, and even better, the first baby and a male. They are wasted if we don't eat them. The women who receive abortions here don't want the fetuses. Also the fetuses are already dead when we eat them. We don't carry out abortions just to eat the fetuses...."
Fetus photo 2
Dr. Warren Lee, president of the Hong Kong Nutrition Association, is aware of the unsavory rumors. "Eating fetuses is a kind of traditional Chinese medicine and is deeply founded in Chinese folklore....,' he says.''
Well, there is much more in the April 12, 1995, article from the East• ern Express, an English-language newspaper published in Hong Kong. If that’s not enough for you, try digging into Chinese folklore for yourself. As the man said, eating fetuses has deep roots in Chinese tradition.
While I’m on the subject of racial differences, let me mention something I didn’t talk about three weeks ago. I spoke only about the differences between Europeans and Chinese and between Aryans and Jews. I didn’t mention White-Black differences. They really are in a category by themselves. I am sure that many people really believe that we’re not very different from the Chinese. And there also are many people who believe that the only difference between Aryans and Jews is that Jews go to church on Saturday instead of Sunday and are a little better at making money than we are. Those are the people who just couldn’t believe what I told them about eating fetuses and about the connection between Sumner Redstone and the Shower Rangers. But no one really needs to be persuaded that there are major differences between Whites and Blacks.
Everyone understands that the Blacks are quite different from us: even the wniny college girls who
wring their hands and ask me, “Oh, why can’t you understand that we’re really all the same, that there is only one human race?” Despite their desperate need to be Politically Correct, they understand that the Blacks are as different from us as night from day. The egalitarians prove by their own behavior that they really don’t believe in equality.
I’ll give you a current example of that. I’m sure that you remember our recent talks about the race riot in Cincinnati last month. Last week I
Pointed out that although it was only lacks who were rioting, and that the rioters targeted Whites, pulling White men and women from their cars and beating them severely, the only person charged with a “hate crime” in Cincinnati in connection with the riot was a White man, 20-year-old Craig Carr, who became enraged by the rioters and threw a brick at a Black. The Blacks rioted and attacked White men and women solely because they were White, but no Black was charged with a “hate crime” on that account A White man fights back, and he is charged with a “hate crime.” This was a clear case of Blacks and Whites being held to quite different standards of behavior.
An even more recent case was that of a Black professor at Northern Kentucky University. And I should tell you right at the start that when any Black is held up as a “professor” at a White university, my upper lip develops an involuntary curl. I instinctively assume that what I am confronted with is not a scholar who is at the academy on his merits, but rather a beneficiary of Political Correctness who is better suited to picking cotton than to teaching White students anything. That certainly seems Co be the case with Professor Clinton Hewan, a coal-black native of Jamaica who is a tenured associate professor of political science at Northern Kentucky University. The university is just across the Ohio-Kentucky state line from Cincinnati, and so the riot was a matter of considerable interest on the campus of the mosdy White university.
The riot, if you remember, was sparked by Blacks angry over a fatal encounter between a Black street thug with a long arrest record and 14 outstanding arrest warrants, 19-year-old Timothy Thomas, and a White policeman who was attempting to arrest him. The Black was ignoring orders
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
to stop and raise his hands, and when the white policemen saw him reach for his waistband, he shot and killed the Black. Professor Clinton Hewan, of course, cheered the Black rioters. He already was well known on the campus as an agitator for Black causes and an outspoken critic of so-called “White racism,” a handy catch-all label for anything Blacks find troublesome. In 1998, for example, when the university failed to give him tenure, he hired a lawyer and loudly and repeatedly announced that tenure was being denied to him because of the efforts of “White racists” on the faculty. The university predictably caved in and granted tenure to Clinton Hewan.
After the riot Professor Hewan called for the assassination of the White policeman who had shot the Black thug, Timothy Thomas. He told the campus newspaper, the Northerner, that Thomas’s family should “quiedy stalk that S.O.B. and take him out... The family should go out and get that policeman.”
Now, can you imagine the reaction on the Northern Kentucky University campus and in the local media if a White professor had reacted to the riot by telling the campus newspa-lH^^per that the police should have put it ■own the same way the Israelis cus-■omanly put down demonstrations by Palestinians: namely, by identifying the Black leaders in the crowd and having snipers “take them out.” Or suppose that a White professor had told the newspaper that when the Black agitator, Jesse Jackson, came to Cincinnati to take advantage of the
Fetus photo 3
publicity, White vigilantes should stalk him and “take him out.” Tenure or no tenure, that White professor would be out of a job in a hurry. But what do you think happened to Professor Hewan?
Nothing, of course. The White president or the university, Dr. James Votruba, announced that he round Professor Hewan’s call for the assassination of a White policeman “troubling,” and that he intended to “look further into the matter.” Well, not too much further. After all, three years ago Dr. Votruba had given the univer-
sity’s “Strongest Influence Award” to Professor Hewan.
My point is that liberals, soccer moms, yuppies, newspaper reporters, and university administrators, all of whom will swear on a stack of Bibles that they absolutely and positively believe that Blacks and Whites have the same intelligence, the same ability to solve problems and to innovate, the same degree of self-discipline, the same morality, and the same way of looking at the world, don’t believe a word of it, and the proof of that is in the sort of preferential treatment they always give to someone such as Professor Hewan. They don’t hold a Black to the same standards to which they hold a White man, because they know — even though they won’t admit it — that the Black needs an advantage in order to maintain the illusion of equality. They know that the Black doesn’t have the same intelligence, the same degree of self-discipline, or the same way of looking at the world that a White man does, and so they always try to compensate in some way for that shortcoming in order to maintain the illusion of equality, of sameness, but in fact what they do is make the differences even more manifest to the perceptive observer.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Feces, Fetuses, Etc.,” aired on May 5, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Morality of Survival
The biggest thing in the news now is the imminent killing of the young soldier Timothy McVeigh by the Bush government. Even though I’ve never met or corresponded with [Timothy, I’ve had dozens of reporters 'calling me for interviews in connection with the killing, because he read one of my novels, The Turner Diaries. The reporters seem almost gleeful. One of those awful, heterosexual White male gun nuts who doesn’t follow the party line is to be killed, and isn’t it wonderful! The columnists and editorialists like to use words such as “evil” and “monster” in their references to McVeigh. One can imagine them all dancing the hora with
their Jewish bosses as the hour of the killing approaches and then cheering in unison as the poison flows into his veins.
Why this enormous hatred for Timothy? They say it is because he killed 168 people. I say it is because he refuses to say that he is sorry: he refuses to whine and make excuses and beg for his life, like they would have done. I say that it is because he did what he did for an impersonal reason, for an ideal, and ideals make them uncomfortable. I say that it is because he has acted as a man of principle should act and is willing to face the consequences for his actions, and that really goes against the grain
in this age of democracy and hypocrisy and feminism and endless talk, with people never meaning what they say.
Someone like Bill Clinton, who orders the bombing of Belgrade and kills thousands of civilians in order to divert attention from his domestic problems, is forgiven immediately by the media bloodhounds because Bill Clinton is not a man of principle. Bill Clinton is not a threat to the rotten system that feeds the bloodhounds. They can understand and empathize with a mass murderer like Bill Clinton, but not with a soldier like Timothy McVeigh.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
If the media people really believed that everyone who lcills lots of other people is “evil” or a “monster,” they should have had a field day when Ariel Sharon became the head jew in Israel recendy. Sharon is the jew who, as Israeli defense minister, set up and supervised the massacre of some 3,000 Palestinian civilians — mosdy women, children, and old men — in the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps in 1982. Has any journalist, the edito-rial writer for any major newspaper or magazine, had anything at all to say about that recendy?
You know, I’m not trying to justify the killing of civilians. I’m just trying to explore the fundamental crookedness of the mass media in dealing with the subject of killing. Here’s another example: the current media hullabaloo about the killing of 20 or so Vietnamese civilians in 1969 by a Navy SEAL team commanded by Lieutenant Robert Kerrey, who later was governor of Nebraska, then a U.S. Senator, and then a presidential candidate in 1992.
In 1969 a Vietnamese family had their throats cut to keep them from raising an alarm during Kerrey’s raid in the Mekong Delta, and then 15 or 20 other civilians were shot. The raid had failed to achieve its purpose of assassinating a Viet Cong official, but Kerrey received a Bronze Star anyway. Now, amid a dispute about whether the Vietnamese civilians who were killed had simply been in the way during a fire fight or Kerrey had ordered them to be rounded up and shot, there is a great deal of hand-wringing and soul-searching going on. The media really have made a circus out of the affair. One could almost believe that the folks in the media are horrified by the killing of civilians. But really, they aren’t.
When it serves their propaganda purposes they will act like humanitarians and make a big fuss about killing civilians. They will act as if they believe it to be a terribly reprehensible thing for which the perpetrators should be punished. They went through that act all during the Vietnam War. Their attitude was that White Americans were baby-killers wreaking havoc among little Brown people in Vietnam for no good reason. The media certainly sympathized with the demonstrators who carried Viet Cong flags in Washington during the time that the Viet Cong were
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
killing American servicemen in Vietnam at the rate of 100 a day.
And now they are making a big fuss about whether Kerrey and his fellow SEALs deliberately killed those 20 or so Vietnamese civilians 32 years ago or not, just as they are implying that Timothy McVeigh also is a monster who deliberately murdered the children in the day-care center in the Oklahoma City Federal Building. But, as I already said, no one in the controlled media has condemned Clinton for ordering the bombing of Belgrade or for the strafing of refugee columns in Kosovo.
Speaking of strafing, at the end of the Second World War U.S. fighter pilots considered it a great sport to shoot civilians along the roads and highways of Germany. Whether it was a refugee column fleeing the invading Red Army or simply a German farm wife and her children walking along a country road, American pilots would shoot them. It was considered a sport. Everybody knew about it, but no one ever was prosecuted as a war criminal because of it. The media never expressed disapproval — and in fact, it was because the media tacidy approved of such atrocities and implicitly encouraged them with their anti-German hate propaganda that pilots felt it was acceptable behavior. Quite a difference from the party line taken by the media in the Vietnam War!
Did American pilots ever do any soul-searching or hand-wringing about these casual acts of murder, the way Robert Kerrey is now about his 1969 raid on a Mekong Delta village? If so, I haven’t heard about it What about the far more murderous carpetbombing of German cities during the war? These bombing raids were designed to kill as many German civilians as possible. Since the war I have spoken with two or three American bomber pilots who told me that they realize now that they were fighting on the wrong side during the war, and they bitteny regret having participated in the mass murder of Germans for the benefit of the Jews.
I am sure that most American bomber pilots never have felt a twinge of guilt for what they did during the war, however, because most of them were lemmings. Lemmings do not have an internal compass to tell them what is right and wrong. As long as the media tell them that they did the right thing in bombing German cities, they feel no guilt. It is the ambiguous attitude of the media toward the
13
Vietnam War that causes all of the anguish Robert Kerrey feels about his actions in 1969.
There are many people who would excuse both the American pilots who carpet-bombed German cities and strafed German refugee columns and American soldiers such as Kerrey who killed Vietnamese civilians, simply because all of these things were acts of war, and in a war anything is permitted. Murdered civilians are simply “collateral damage.” Certainly most of the controlled mass media would go along with that view so far as the murder of German civilians is concerned, and as I said, their view of the Vietnam War is at least ambiguous.
What about Timothy McVeigh? No one can argue seriously that he bombed the Federal building in Oklahoma City because he wanted to kill or terrorize civilians. Neither terrorism nor killing civilians was his goal. He bombed the Federal building to punish the Federal government for its murderous behavior in burning the Branch Davidian church in Waco, Texas, two years earlier. He wanted to send the government a message that its behavior would not be tolerated. And part of that message would be the killing of the government’s secret police agents — FBI and ATF agents — who worked in the building. The fact that his bomb would kill not only secret police agents but also civilians, including the 19 children in the daycare center, was regrettable but unavoidable: collateral damage. Timothy was at war against the government, and in a war civilians are killed even when they are not deliberate targets, as they were in America’s war against Germany. But of course, none or America’s controlled media accept that view of the matter. Timothy is “evil”; Timothy is a “monster.” The American pilots who strafed German refugee columns were just soldiers doing their job.
Is this one-sided view of things based on naivete? It’s certainly not based on patriotism. The media proved during the Vietnam War that they have no pro-American bias based on patriotism. And it’s not based on naivete either. It’s based on a conscious and deliberate intent to deceive.
I’ll give you an example. Four years ago, in my broadcast of May 24, 1997, I told you about a terrible atrocity which occurred in Italy toward the end of the Second World War. In
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
May 1944 Allied forces bombed and shelled the sixth-century abbey of Monte Cassino to rubble, forcing the German defenders there to withdraw. Among the Allied troops was a division of Moroccan soldiers. Even then the Allies wanted to have “diversity” among their forces in order to show the world that they believed in racial equality.
Well, the Moroccans weren’t much as fighters, but they were pretty good at cutting the throats of prisoners after the fighting was over. And they also excelled at raping civilians — and prisoners coo, occasionally, buggery being an established tradition among them. The night after the Germans had withdrawn, the Moroccans — 12,000 of them — left their camp and swarmed over the mountain villages around Monte Cassino. They raped every village woman and girl they could get their hands on, an estimated 3,000 women, ranging in age from 11 years to 86 years old. They murdered 800 village men who tried to protect their women. They abused some of the women so badly that more than 100 of them died. They selected the prettiest girls for gang-raping, with long lines of dark-skinned Moroccans waiting their turn in front of each one, while other Moroccans held the victims down. And they raped some of the young men as well.
Now, is this the sort of thing that our controlled media regard as “collateral damage,” which must be accepted as inevitable in time of war? No, the media bosses understood that not even the brainwashed American public would be happy with that explanation, so they simply suppressed the news, just as they suppressed the news of the massacre of Whites by Blacks in Wichita, Kansas, last December. Look in the standard chronologies of the Second World War, and you will find no mention of the rape of the women of Monte Cassino. Even the accounts prepared by the U.S. War Department — accounts which detail the battle for Monte Cassino — have excised any reference to what the Moroccan soldiers did to the villagers there after the battle. Now, that’s not naivete; that’s crookedness. That’s deliberate intent to deceive.
Here’s another example, which I’ve also talked about in earlier broadcasts: that's the mass murder of the
FREE SPEECH for May 2001
Polish military, professional, and intellectual elite by the Soviet secret police in April 1940: some 25,000 Polish leaders altogether, the cream of the Polish nation. The Soviet secret police had rounded up the Polish writers and professors and military officers immediately after the Soviet invasion of Poland in September 1939. All of these Polish leaders, seen by the communists as a potential threat to the Soviet rule of Poland, were transported to Russia and herded into concentration camps. Then a few months later they were taken to execution pits, methodically murdered, and covered up in mass graves.
Almost immediately rumors of this enormous atrocity reached the West, when the prisoners no longer answered mail from their relatives. The controlled media in the West suppressed the rumors. The relatives of the media bosses were riding high as communist commissars in the Soviet Union, and the Poles were the traditional enemies of the Jews. The media bosses didn’t care what happened to the Polish leaders, and they didn’t want to say anything bad about their brethren in the Soviet Union.
Then, in June 1941, the German Army invaded Russia, determined to stamp out communism and end the Soviet-Jewish threat to Europe. Two years later, in 1943, after pushing deep into Russia, the Germans stumbled across a series of mass graves near the Russian village of Katyn. They found the corpses of more than 4,000 of the 25,000 Polish leaders who had been arrested by the Soviet secret police in 1939 and had not been heard from since April 1940. The Germans called in the International Red Cross and forensic experts from several neutral nations and also brought in British, French, and Polish officers from German POW camps to view the evidence. And that evidence was overwhelming. The communists had deliberately murdered the leadership stratum of the Polish nation in order to make the Poles easier to rule. The observers reported back to their own countries what they had seen — and the media not only suppressed the reports but blamed the genocide on the Germans instead of on the communists and Jews.
So what’s the point of all this? Do I expect the controlled mass
media to change their ways? Am I advocating that they treat all atrocities in an evenhanded way? Do I expect them to regard Timothy McVeigh as a prisoner of war rather than as a monster and a terrorist?
No, of course not. The people who control the mass media are behaving in a perfecdy sensible way. Evenhandedness is a ridiculous concept to them. In their view, an atrocity is something your enemies do. Whatever the people on your side do is justifiable. During the Second World War the Germans were their enemies, and the Americans were on their side, and so whatever the Americans did to the Germans was justifiable or, at worst, “collateral damage.” Whenever the Germans played rough, however, it was an atrocity, a war crime.
The media bosses realized, of course, that many Americans would not accept such a simplistic view, and so they suppressed news of atrocities committed by their allies — by the Moroccans and by the Red Army, for example — and they exaggerated any rough tactics by the Germans, even inventing atrocities where none had been committed.
During the Vietnam War, a generation after they had beaten the Germans, the media bosses had as their primary motive the final destruction of the old America, the Gentile America, with its traditions and morals and exclusiveness. They needed to destroy America’s self-confidence, confuse its sense of identity, break down its remaining resistance to domination by the media masters. So they treated the Vietnam War with ambiguity. The Americans no longer were the “good guys,” as they had been portrayed during the Second World War. Any killing of Vietnamese civilians by Americans was not treated as “collateral damage,” but as a war crime.
And now, with the government totally under their control, anyone who is against the government is their enemy. So far as the media bosses are concerned, the government can burn as many Branch Davidian churches as it wants. That’s just “collateral damage” in the government’s campaign to keep the population intimidated. And anyone who strikes back at the government is a “monster,” a “terrorist.”
As I said, all of that is perfecdy sensible. They know who they are and where their interests lie. They
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
understand the stakes in this struggle for mastery of the planet. They under* stand that we are engaged in a total war, and they are determined to win. They are rational people. They do whatever is advantageous for them.
1 believe that it’s about time for us to understand where our interests lie. We need not only to understand the facts — to understand who did what to whom and why — but we also need to get rid of the foolish attitude that all atrocities are equally deplorable. When we regain control of our mass media, we should not have to suppress any news or ignore any facts. If our people kill some of our enemies, we should be able to discuss it frankly. We may or may not approve of it, depending upon whether it serves the interests of our people or is an unnecessarily bloodthirsty act of indiscipline. But we should not treat it as morally equivalent to our enemies killing us.
The doctrine of moral equivalence is suicidal folly promoted by our enemies. Every day I encounter White people infected with this doctrine. “Why are you opposed to Mexicans coming into our country? We came from Europe and took their land away from them, and now they’re taking it back. What’s wrong with that?”
Well, there’s not much to be done with idiots who can’t figure out what’s wrong with that. But the rest of us need to get our thinking straightened out. We need to understand that we are at war, and that we must win the war. We must never again permit ourselves to be tricked into committing atrocities against ourselves, as we did during the Second World War. We must never again permit ourselves to be manipulated into feeling guilty for what we do against our enemies, as the media have manipulated those who, like Robert Kerrey, killed Vietnamese.
And, incidentally, we should understand that however tactically wrong the bombing of the Federal building in Oklahoma City may have been, and however regrettable the killing of innocent civilians in that bombing, Timothy McVeigh is no monster. He is a soldier, and what he did was based on principle. He justified his actions on the same basis that soldiers always do: he was at war against a government that is at war against his people.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Timothy McVeigh
I know that most Americans prefer not to think about that. Most Americans don’t want to choose sides in this war. Most just want to pretend that there is no war and get on with their lives, and it’s easier to follow the lead of the media and regard Timothy McVeigh as a monster than as a soldier. But there is a war, and in this war the rule is: Whatever is good for our people is good, and whatever harms our people is evil. That is the morality of survival.
It is too bad about the innocent civilians who died in Oklahoma City. It is too bad about the Polish intellectuals and officers who were murdered by the Soviet secret police. It is too
bad about the German civilians who were carpet-bombed by American fliers. It is too bad about the many, many more innocent civilians who will die in the years ahead. It all could have been avoided if we had gotten our thinking straightened out earlier.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Morality of Survival,” aired on May 12, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
FREE SPEECH for May 2001