FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the first Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH

m
mmSfm
is
I
I
ry-1 <| |
The Health
of the Nation


i;
P
1
Dr. WilKam Pierce

m

Returning Fire
P Dr. William Pierce
nm 4 ' tt r;	'i:	-
The Wages of Selfishness
Dn William Pierce
wm



The Killing of Kayla
A number of listeners have told me that 1 really must comment on the series of horrible murders of White people by Blacks during the past two weeks. My initial response to these suggestions was negative. It is not the purpose of these American Dissident Voices broadcasts to tell listeners what they already know. If the Jewish media report something well enough for people to get the essential facts of what happened, then I’m inclined to leave it alone.
In the case of these recent race murders, however, it is not entirely clear that the facts were presented ade-quately. Many people asked me whether or not the carjacker who dragged the six-year-old White boy to his death in Independence, Missouri, on February 22 is Black. They assumed that he is Black, because the murder occurred during a carjacking, which is an almost exclusively Black crime, and also because the murderer
wasn’t shown on television. Americans have learned from experience that when the media refuse to show
Kayla Rolland
them the face of a criminal, it usually is because he is not White. There were many pictures of the victim, little Jake Robel, on television, but none of his murderer.
Well, of course, the assumption was correct. Although most of the national media managed to avoid revealing the race of the murderer, several local newspapers in Missouri carried pictures of him. He was 34-year-old Kim Davis, of Kansas City, a Black criminal who looked as if he’d just been pulled down from a tree in Africa. He was hanging around a sandwich shop parking lot in Independence waiting for an opportunity to steal a car. When little Jake’s mother drove up and got out of her car, leaving her six-year-old son in the back seat, the Black seized the chance. He shoved Jake out onto the pavement but left the White child entangled in his seatbelt. As the Black drove off, Jake’s mother was trying
2
Jake Robel
frantically to free her son from his seatbelt and was screaming at the Black to stop, but he ignored her and roared out of the parking lot behind the wheel of her car, with the child bouncing and scraping along the pavement He dragged the child for more than four miles, at speeds up to 80 miles an hour, before White drivers were able to block the stolen car, pull the Black out, tie him up, and sit on him until the police arrived. Of course, it was far too late to do anything for the child, except cover his tom body with a blanket
Police, of course, marked and photographed spots along the route of the dragging where there were pools of litde Jake’s blood and pieces of his flesh, so that the photographs could be used later as evidence in the Black’s trial. Do you remember when three young White men dragged a convicted Black criminal to his death in Jasper, Texas, two years ago? I’m sure that you do, because the media bosses made it a point not to let you forget. Over and over and over again we saw on our television screens those litde circles the police had marked along the road where they had found some of the victim’s blood. Now, I will promise you that you never will see the spots the police in
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
Missouri marked where litde Jake Robel’s blood was found. Those bloody spots won’t be shown, nor will the Black murderer’s face be shown, because the media bosses want you to forget about the murder of litde Jake Robel as quickly as possible.
At least, litde Jake’s dragging received some news coverage for a day or two. That’s more than two White women who were dragged to their deaths in carjackings got. Just a week earlier, on February 14, 4Tyear-old Sandra Roberts was dragged to death in Kansas City. I’ll bet you haven’t heard a word about that, and you won’t hear about it, for the usual reason. Then there was the murder of Patricia Stansfield in August 1998. The 46-yearold White woman was dragged two miles to her death along a road in Streator, Illinois, by a Black who was stealing her car. After the Black killer, Christopher Coleman, had dragged Patricia for two miles while she screamed for mercy, he eventually stopped, cut her dead body loose, and left her in a roadside ditch before continuing on with her car. And if you didn’t hear about this killing from me, you didn’t hear about it. The media bosses imposed a total news embargo on the Black-on-White Stansfield dragging, which occurred just after the White-on-Black dragging in Jasper, Texas. They didn’t want news about Patricia Stansfield’s murder to detract from their massive publicity about the Jasper dragging.
The murder of little Kayla Rolland in Michigan last week received more news coverage than the dragging of Jake Robel, but there was the usual media reluctance to let us know that the killer who shot the six-year-old White girl to death in her first-grade classroom was Black. Most television viewers had to infer that he was Black by learning from news reports that he had been living in a
The vehicle used In dragging of Jake Robel
Kim Davis
crack house and that he had used a pistol that had been stolen from a local business by one of his adult relatives. If we were lucky we caught a brief glimpse of one of his very Black relatives being led into a courtroom in chains, although we never got to see the killer himself. If we were diligent readers of news reports on the Internet we might have learned that he already had been suspended from school three times — in the first grade — once for stabbing a classmate. We might also learn that he had attacked little Kayla on the school playground the day before, and that when he pulled out a pistol and shot her in the neck he told her, “I hate you.” None of the news reports that I was able to find, however, came right out and said that he was Black and habitually acted in a way so many other young Blacks do in racially integrated schools, where they cause problems far out of proportion to their numbers. None of the news commentators asked why something hadn’t been done to protect litde Kayla from this juvenile monster with a record of assaults after his display of hostility and aggression against her the day before. They seemed much more concerned with explaining away the killer’s behavior and treating him as a victim of society.
About the only recent Black-on-White killings that have received news coverage that even mentioned the racial element were the murders of three White men in Pittsburgh last
©	2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 | Hillsboro ■ WV •	$40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
3
Kayla and her classmates
week by a Black killer who became enraged when a White repair crew failed to repair the door on his subsi-dized apartment fast enough to suit him and who told everyone who would listen that he hated Whites and wanted to kill all White people. It was pretty hard for the media to keep the racial angle out of that story. I have a prediction to make, however: the media will let this story die a lot quicker than they let die a couple of other stories about racial killings that come to mind: the story of Buford Furrow, for example, who wounded several Jews and killed one Filipino in Los Angeles last year, or the story of Benjamin Smith, who killed one Korean and one Black in Illinois.
In fact, the Furrow and Smith stories really haven’t been allowed to die yet. They remain grist for Hollywood’s White-guilt mill. And I’m sure that you’re familiar with the technique used by the media bosses for keeping such stories alive. They use the old Watergate technique, the Chinese water-drop technique, in which every day they breathlessly dribble out some new tidbit connected with the story, or if they don’t have any new tidbit, they just rehash all of the old tidbits. One way or another they keep the story in the public consciousness long enough for it to sink in. After the story leaves the front pages, they remind the public about it with television documentaries every month or so. In the past year there already have been several television specials featuring Buford Furrow and Benjamin Smith. I’m quite sure that during the next couple of years we’ll see dozens more television specials based on the escapades of Furrow and Smith.
I’ll also predict that we won’t see any television specials about last week’s murder of three White men in Pittsburgh by a hate-crazed Black killer — not even one — because they want us to forget about that as quickly as possible. We also will not see Mr. Clinton coming on television and giving us all a litde sermon about hate in connection with last week’s Pittsburgh murders, the way he did in connection with both the Furrow and Smith incidents. What we did get to see on television after the murder of litde Kayla Rolland, however, was Mr. Clinton pushing hard for more gun control laws — especially a law requir-
ing trigger locks on guns in order to keep kids from using them. Are we supposed to believe that such a law would have kept six-year-old Kayla from being murdered by her Black classmate? Are we supposed to believe that Black crack dealers will run out and buy trigger locks for all their guns if Mr. Clinton and his anti-gun backers succeed in having such a law passed? What we need is minority control, not gun control.
And that brings us to the subject I really want to talk about today. You know, I could go on and on about Black-on-White crime and the reluctance of the controlled news media to report it, because it doesn’t fit their agenda of making White Americans feel guilty, of keeping White Americans morally disarmed and off balance. I mentioned three terrible crimes against White people which occurred within the past two and a half weeks, but these Black-on-White crimes are not the point. In a sense they aren’t even important. In a sense I welcome such crimes. I welcome them because they remind us of a much bigger problem we have, and that is the destruction of our society, the destruction of our civilization, the destruction of our race by those who have deliberately brought about the conditions in America where six-year-old White girls are murdered in their first-grade classrooms by subhuman animals; conditions where White
women and children are dragged to their deaths by subhuman animals bent on stealing a car with total disregard for the lives of anyone who gets in their way; conditions where a subhuman animal flies into a rage because White workers aren’t fast enough in repairing the door to his rent-subsidized apartment, which he himself kicked in when he lost his key, and then begins murdering White people, whom he blames for all his own inadequacies.
What’s important is that these conditions have been imposed on us deliberately, and we’re all obliged to live under them, and they’re getting worse, and eventually they will destroy our people. That’s what’s important. And if it takes the shooting of litde Kayla Rolland in her classroom in Michigan to make us think about that, then she died for a good cause. If it takes the dragging to death of litde Jake Robel along a highway in Missouri to distract us from our ball games for a few minutes and give just a few of us a chance to see the big picture, then it is worth it.
I know that sounds terrible and heartless to people who are constitutionally incapable of seeing the big picture, to people who are incapable of thinking about anything except in individual and personal terms. All they can think about is poor litde Kayla, poor litde Jake, the poor fellows who were murdered by a hate-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
crazed Black in Pittsburgh. What we must think about instead of what happened to little Kayla is that other little White girls like Kayla all over America, in most of the schools in America, are exposed every day to Blacks like the one who murdered Kayla; that evil people in Washington and Hollywood and New York have deliberately imposed on our country policies which make it impossible for little White girls like Kayla to escape being exposed to Blacks.
Of course, most little White girls like Kayla don’t get shot to death by six-year-old primates who have been declared equals and given seats in their classrooms by evil men in Washington who know better. Many more are raped than are shot. Even more are lured into the hip-hop life-style, into the jungle culture of rap and filth and drugs promoted by the Hollywood and new York Jews who control the entertainment media to which millions of little White girls like Kayla become addicted, because it is fashionable to be addicted. And 30 or 40 years from now all little White girls like Kayla — every little White girl in America — will be obliged to live in a society in which there is no protection at all because Whites will be a minority: a society in which interracial marriage will be the norm, encouraged by Hollywood even more than it is today. That’s what the Jews of Hollywood and New York and the treacherous politicians of Washington who serve them are planning for America. That’s why they always overemphasize the rare White-on-Black crime stories and minimize the Black-on-White crime stories. And that’s why any incident, no matter how horrible or painful, that makes us think about the future, that alerts us to what is in store for us, should be welcome.
When I see the Hollywood Jews presenting an interracial couple on television in an attempt to persuade young White girls that dating Blacks is fashionable and is something they ought to try themselves, I’m angrier than when 1 read about the murder of a little White girl by a Black classmate. In the long run it’s the interracial sex that is more destructive. And it is the evil men who have deliberately imposed on America the policies which brought about litde Kayla’s murder who are more reprehensible,
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
Dedrick Owens, Kayla’s killer
more deserving of hanging, than the juvenile primate who shot her.
As early as the 1920s the Jews of America were openly and aggressively promoting their program for multiculturalizing us, for breaking up our homogeneous White society and making us instead into a cosmopolitan hash of various racial minorities that they could more easily penetrate and control. I said “as early as the 1920s;” actually, this behavior on the part of the Jews of working to destroy the solidarity and homogeneity of a society they intend to penetrate and control is thousands of years old. It’s in their genes. But in America by the 1920s it was open and very obvious. America was at that time a mixture of Celtic, Germanic, Slavic, and Mediterranean peoples, part Protestant and part Catholic, but all Europeans, all Whites. The freed Black slaves and their descendants had their own separate society. The Indians lived on reservations. It was a White country, and nearly everyone but the Jews assumed it would stay that way. We wanted it to stay that way.
Most of our people never dreamed that anyone would want to force White Americans to accept their former African slaves as “equals” and encourage our daughters to bed down with these “equals.” We never dreamed that anyone was scheming to change our immigration laws so that they could block the flow of our people from Europe and instead bring in
millions of Chinese and Vietnamese and Pakistanis and Haitians and Mexican mestizos and Soviet Jews and use them to destroy our cities and our neighborhoods and our schools and organize them into voting blocks for the purpose of disempowering and dispossessing us. We didn’t dream that such a thing could happen or that anyone would want it to happen.
We knew that Jews usually were up to no good, and we had signs at the doors of many of our better hotels and restaurants and business establishments: “No Jews Admitted.” But most of us never dreamed that this clever but despicable minority would succeed in turning our society upside down, in capturing control of our government, in destroying our institutions, in suppressing our traditions and our values and our standards of behavior, and in making a multicultural pigsty of our country. We never dreamed that the day would come when White parents would be forced by law to send their six-year-old daughters to school with litde Black monsters descended from African slaves. And of course, in the 1920s we never dreamed of television and of the destructive power of a Jew-controlled Hollywood.
To be sure, some of our people did try to warn us. In the 1920s the Iron Curtain of Political Correctness had not yet descended on our universities, and many historians, biologists, anthropologists, and other scholars were not afraid to write frankly about racial matters and Jewish matters. Unfortunately, it was all done very politely, in a very gendemanly manner, and the average White voter never looked up from his funny papers. The Jews, on the other hand, were organizing and propagandizing at all levels, with 3000 years of practice behind them. They were recruiting the more venal and unscrupulous elements among the Christian clergy; the most resentful, neurotic, and ambitious elements among the academics; the most empty-headed and trendy of the would-be “intellectuals.” They infiltrated our universities and took over whole departments. They bought our politicians by the hundreds. And of course, they were buying up the mass media as fast as they could elbow their Gentile competitors out of the way.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
5
When the media does cover a Black-on-White crime, they are sure to show plenty of photos of grieving Blacks and scenes of Blacks and Whites acting friendly towards each other. This creates the impression: ‘it’s not really a racial thing, Blacks are as sorry about it as Whites are.’
The “culture war” of the 1920s and 1930s was short and decisive. We never even took our gloves off, and they whipped us good. Then they were able to lie us into the Second World War, and after that our goose was cooked. They used the disloca-tions associated with the war to introduce far-reaching changes into our society, and within 15 years after the war they had our whole society in turmoil. And today White children and White women are dragged to death behind cars being stolen by Blacks, and the media keep it hushed up while saturating us with images of a few Whites committing crimes against non-Whites. And six-year-old White girls are murdered in their classrooms by little Black monsters who are treated as victims of a White-racist society.
And all the while they hammer into us day and night with their media the defeatist notion that the multiculturalism they have imposed on us is here to stay, that there’s nothing we can do about it, and so we’d better get used to it. They believe that they’ve got us beaten down to the point now where nothing will make us rebel.
Well, listen Jewboys! You’re dead wrong. Just let a few more of our women and children get butchered by your multicultural pets, and you’ll see
what we can do about it. The war isn’t over, and this time we’ll fight with our gloves off. Payback day is coming. We’ll start with the traitors among our own people, with the politicians and the journalists. But we will get around to you. Believe me, we will!
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Killing of Kayla,” aired on March 11, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Health of the Nation
A physician who wants to ascertain the health of a person checks his weight and blood pressure, listens to his heartbeat and breathing, examines his skin, and so on. The physician knows what signs to look for, what measurements to make in order to decide whether his patient is healthy or ill. He knows what signs are important and which have no fundamental significance.
If we want to determine the health of a nation, we likewise look for signs and make measurements. And of course, it’s necessary to understand which signs are the important ones. Most Americans today seem to believe that the only important signs are economic signs. They believe that
if the stock market is going up, unemployment is low, and people are spending lots of money, everything is rosy. Which is to say, if they are economically comfortable, if they can buy the things they want, they are inclined to believe that the nation is healthy.
Of course, they do worry a little about the schools: about the continual lowering of standards, about the substitution of more and more Mickey Mouse courses in the place of history and mathematics and grammar. They have an occasional flash of worry that we may be raising a less competent generation than the one before. But, hey, the economy is okay, so don’t worry. They believe that we can spend more money on the
schools, and that will make up for the lower standards and the watered down curriculum.
They may become a little depressed when they look at the array of candidates running for public office. The polls show that approximately half the electorate is willing to vote for a loyal member of the gang that gave us the Bill and Monica show and, last year, willfully slaughtered White women and children in Belgrade for no good reason. And the other candidate really is not much better. He also would have unleashed the cruise missiles on the women and children of Belgrade in order to teach that guy Slobodan a lesson in dee-mo-cra-cee, rather than risk the wrath of Madeleine and her tribesmen, who
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
had demanded the war against Serbia. Well, contemplating the candidates is depressing, but the malls are still full of shiny stuff waiting to be bought, and the limit hasn’t been reached on the credit card yet, so the country must still be healthy.
The average citizen certainly has misgivings when he reflects on the increasing darkening of America’s racial complexion: when he notes, as Adanta Braves pitcher John Rocker did, that fewer and fewer of the peo-pie he sees and hears on the side' walks of our cities speak English or look like the sort of people he grew up with. But all of the media bosses and the politicians and even his priest or minister assure him that more diversity is good for America, that it strengthens our economy. So the country must be healthier than ever. Right?
No, not right judging the health of a nation by how much shiny junk p for sale in the shopping malls and Jiow much the average citizen can harge on his credit card is like judg' ing the health of a man on the basis of whether or not his shoes are shined and his fingernails are clean.
There are several things that are important to the health of a nation, and these things have relatively litde to do with shopping malls and credit cards. Natural resources are impor-tant, of course. A country rich in min-erals and land and timber and fresh
water is better off than one with fewer natural resources — other things being equal. Of course, it is seldom that other things are equal. The countries of Black Africa have enormously rich natural resources, but health'Wise they are all basket cases. Without the boost given to them by Europeans during the colonial period, their people still would be eating each other. Some of them still are, in fact And since the Europeans gave up on their colonies, the Africans have been sliding back down into the jungle. They are unable to take care of themselves. Whenever a natural disaster occurs, as with the flooding in Mozambique recendy, they are dependent on help from Whites.
Japan, on the other hand, is very poor in natural resources but never-theless is infinitely healthier than any Black country. The Japanese never ask for outside help from anyone. They take care of themselves. And despite their lack of minerals they are enormously wealthy. So what’s the secret7 Why is Japan so much healthier, so much more fit, than Mozambique, despite having so much less land and resources? Well, of course, you already know the answer. It’s the difference in the quality of the people.
For every nation, the one essential determinant of national health is the quality of the people who make up that nation: their genetic quality — which is to say, their racial quality —
and their moral quality. Everything else, including the state of the economy, ultimately depends on these two elements. A nation whose population is intelligent, creative, resourceful, energetic, and able to solve problems and plan ahead, ultimately will be a healthier nation than one whose people are dull, lazy, and able to think only about the present, regardless of mineral wealth or other advantages. Genes are the determining element.
And a nation whose people are disciplined, racially conscious, and imbued with a strong sense of responsibility will be healthier than a nation whose people have the same genes but who are accustomed to permissiveness and self-indulgence and to thinking only about themselves, who do not feel any sense of belonging to their race or any sense of responsibility to it. When genes are equal, morality is the determining element.
Now, with that introduction, let’s talk about the immigration situation in this country. Let’s talk about it in a specific and personal way. Roger Barnett is a rancher in Arizona. He has a cattle ranch in Cochise County, in southeastern Arizona, near the town of Douglas, which is right on the Mexican border. Last month, on the afternoon of February 19, driving in his pickup truck along U.S. Highway 80 east of Douglas, he pulled alongside a van carrying 10 Mexicans. With horn honking and lights flashing, Barnett forced the van to stop. Determining that all 10 occupants of the van were illegal aliens, Barnett and his brother performed citizen’s arrests of the Mexicans and escorted the van to the Border Patrol station in Douglas, where they turned the Mexicans over to the Border Patrol for deportation.
Now, Roger Barnett is not a policeman, and he’s not a Border Patrol agent. He’s just a rancher, a private citizen. He’d much rather be tending to his catde than rounding up illegal aliens. Yet in the last two years he estimates that he’s arrested more than 1,000 — more than 1,000 — illegal aliens on or near his ranch. That’s getting close to two a day, and it doesn’t leave him much time for ranching. He’s not paid to apprehend illegal aliens, but he does it because the Border Patrol is, in effect, paid not to do it. And he does it because
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
tfre Mexicans are ruining his ranch. Heading north across his land, they leave a trail of trash and filth and destroyed vegetation behind them. Where they camp the ground is littered with debris and human feces. They cut down Barnett’s trees for firewood to build campfires. Empty plastic bottles, discarded diapers, and other trash are everywhere, posing a hazard to his cows. The cows will eat plastic trash, and it jams up their digestive tract and kills them.
It’s not just a few Mexicans sneaking across the border. It’s a nonstop flood, an invasion by a huge army. And the Border Patrol, under orders from the Clinton administration, deliberately lets the invaders come across the border, only pretending to try to stop them by arresting a few each day. Those few who are apprehended never are punished or imprisoned; they are simply sent back across the border to try again. When Barnett arrested the 10 illegals in the van on February 19, the Mexican consul in Douglas, Miguel Escobar Valdez, tried to have him prosecuted for assault and unlawful imprisonment. A lot of other people also were wringing their hands and moaning about Barnett: “taking the law into his own hands.”
Local liberals and church spokesmen were complaining that he had “intimidated” the illegal aliens and “violated their civil rights.” The local prosecuting attorney, Chris Roll, said:
'This is conduct we all wish wasn't happening and do not condone, yet we cannot go forward unless there is sufficient evidence of a crime for a jury to convict."
What that means in plain language is that the prosecutor would love to lock Barnett up for trying to keep the illegals away from his ranch, but he knows that he couldn’t get a local jury to convict him for anything because all of the other ranchers and businessmen and homeowners in the area sympathize with Barnett, even if they don’t have enough courage to do the same thing themselves. The liberals are hoping that one of Barnett’s arrests of illegals will end up in a shooting. Then they will yell for Janet Reno, and Barnett will be prosecuted for a “hate crime.”
You know, this goes far beyond the usual liberal bias in favor of the criminal and against anyone who gets
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
Roger Barnett
tough with a criminal. The law is clear. The illegal aliens are breaking U.S. law simply by entering our country, completely aside from the laws they break after they are in the country, by trespassing on Barnett’s ranch and destroying his property. The U.S. Border Patrol is charged with keeping them out and with arresting them if they get in. But the U.S. Border Patrol is under the jurisdiction of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, and the Immigration and Naturalization Service is headed by a woman named Doris Meissner, who, even if she weren’t a Jewess, would be carrying out the policy of the Clinton administration, which is to let anyone into the country who will strengthen the feminist, Jewish, homosexual, racial minority, welfare coalition against the normal, healthy, self-supporting, heterosexual White men and women who used to be America.
You might think the Republicans would raise hell about this policy, but they’re afraid to. In the first place, they’re afraid of being called “racists” by the media — and they’re afraid that the Mexicans who’re legally in the country will vote against them if they’re seen as anti-immigrant Of course, nearly all of those votes go to the Democrats anyway, but the Republicans believe that the Mexicans will continue swarming into the country because they think that Americans just aren’t tough-minded enough to support the firm policies required to halt the flood, and so instead of trying to keep them out the Republicans are trying to out-Democrat the Democrats in being nice to them.
7
The fact is that the government could halt all illegal immigration immediately, and I mean today, if it wanted to, simply by announcing that anyone attempting to cross the border illegally would be shot on sight and then demonstrating that we meant it. That would do it. We could spend the next three months building an adequate set of fences, installing intrusion sensors, and so on. But just shooting a few hundred illegals the first day would be enough to stop the flood. It wouldn’t require any more resources than the Border Patrol is using now. All of the excuses we hear about the government not being able to afford enough Border Patrol agents to patrol the border, and that it’s impossible to keep the Mexicans from climbing the fences we build or cutting through them or burrowing under them, are simply lies. We could stop them all in a day with almost no effort.
Of course, the liberals and the Jews in the media and the Christian churches would wail long and loud if the government actually got serious about protecting our borders. The government would have to be prepared to deal with them. But of course, the government isn’t about to begin protecting our borders.
Our real problem is that we don’t have enough Roger Barnetts. And we don’t have enough people who really understand how bad the problem is. The ranchers along the border understand. They see the size of the flood, and they also see the appalling lack of human quality among those who make up the flood. In the rest of the country, the perception is not as clear — but it is becoming clearer as the mestizos continue pouring in. Communities that ten years ago had only a relatively small Mexican problem — and that 20 years ago had no Mexicans at all — are finding themselves overwhelmed by the Mexican invasion today, and these communities being overrun by mestizos are not just along the border: they are all over the country. The big agribusiness tycoons are importing them by the hundreds of thousands for farm labor, for work in poultry plants, and for other low-wage work, and the Clinton government is pretending not to notice. One
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
AMERICA:
■"■""ISSSI
Spoil*"
H*f* I rm f BEGWS m MEXICO- AT HOME 11	»'	^AiuirJ.	A
WORLD’S SEPTIC TANK
ii'iNor p p"
1% sr£«o?r|%§^
Go
Hon

V Pollution of
AMERICA:
WORLD'S.
acrtlb IMMM
National Alliance members and supporters protest in Siler City
of the worst offenders is Bill Clin-ton's bosom buddy and financial sup* porter, Arkansas chicken-processing billionaire Donald Tyson, of Tyson Foods.
As I said, the mestizo problem is spreading all over the country. Last month my organization, the National Alliance, organized a public demonstration in Siler City, North Carolina, to protest the government s refusal to arrest and deport illegal aliens. Ten years ago Siler City, a little town of about 6,(XX) residents, was almost entirely White. Today it is 40 per cent Mexican, because two poultry processing plants in the town have been bringing mestizo workers in, and the Immigration and Naturalization Service has done nothing to stop them. The government ignores its own laws, and because of this the mestizo population of the state of North Carolina has doubled in the past decade.
And let me tell you, the people do not like this. In communities such as Siler City, which have been especially badly impacted by the mestizo
Counter protesters
invasion, the people are angry. They don’t like it that the schools, which were built with their taxes, and used to be clean and safe and White, now are overrun with Mexicans. They don’t like it that the drug problem and the gang problem and the crime problem and a dozen other big problems which came along with the Mexicans have made their town a far less pleasant place to live. Like John Rocker, they prefer their neighbors to be White and to speak English. Of course, the agribusiness tycoons — the Donald Tysons — don’t really care what they prefer. And clearly, the government doesn’t either.
When the National Alliance was demonstrating in Siler City last month, the White citizens were on our side, and the media, the politicians, and the preachers were on the Mexican side. The media are on the Mexican side because multiculturaliz-ing the country — destroying the White majority — is a deliberate policy with the media bosses. The politicians are on the Mexican side because the agribusiness tycoons and the media bosses are. The agribusiness people slip them money, the way Donald Tyson used to slip money to Bill Clinton in Arkansas, and they know that if the media bosses turn against them they’ll never be allowed to win another election. Furthermore, they don’t think the White citizens have the will to stop the invasion. The preachers are on the Mexican side because to them a Brown soul is as good as a White one. The churches had a few counter-demonstrators in Siler City carrying signs with slogans
such as, “God sees no borders” and “The only race is the human race.” Now, to return to the subject of national health: the mestizo invasion of the United States clearly is making a profound impact on the genetic constitution of our population. Our inability to stop this invasion is a clear indicator that our moral health already has suffered a profound impact. We need a million Roger Barnetts, and we have only a handful. The rest of the people who agree with him are too intimidated by the media to speak out. No, it’s worse than that: they are too cowardly to speak out.
Silicon Valley may be keeping the economy zooming along for now, but that is only a superficial sign of health, a misleading sign. America is like a man whose body is riddled with cancer, but who still manages to keep his shoes shined and his fingernails clean. Genetically, our health is declining fast. The government’s Census Bureau estimates that somewhere between 30 and 50 years from now the mestizos and the Blacks together will outnumber the Whites. That doesn’t bother the preachers, of course. And it doesn’t bother the agribusiness tycoons, who figure that the cost of labor should be lower than ever. And it doesn’t bother the politicians, so long as they still can count on their place at the public trough. And it pleases mightily the Jewish media bosses and their liberal camp followers, who have been striving for that goal all along.
But having their grandchildren growing up in a country where Blacks and mestizos will outnumber them, a country with the sort of society that Blacks and mestizos will transform our society into — a society of barrios and drugs and brutality and all-pervading corruption — that should concern decent, intelligent White people. And it does concern them, when they’re not too busy using their credit cards at the shopping mall or watching the ball game on TV. I mean they know that is what is in store for America. They know that we will have a society which is a cross between that in Zambia and that in Nicaragua, the sort of society that Blacks and mestizos always create. The Census Bureau has announced it. The Jews and liberals are gloating in anticipation.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
9
The fact that they know what is being done to America, they know what is ahead for their grandchildren, and they haven’t risen up in righteous fury and hanged every politician and every media boss and every agribusiness tycoon is medical proof that morally the country already is dead and beginning to stink.
Can a nation which is morally dead save itself from dying genetically as well? Are there still enough Roger Barnetts among us to turn the tide? Well, if I believed that it couldn’t be done, I wouldn’t be talking with you today. But I would appreciate some help. So would Mr. Barnett.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Health of the Nation,” aired on March 18, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Returning Fire
The question on the mind of every patriot, of every concerned American, is, “What should we do to oppose most effectively the enemies of our people? By what methods should we fight the media bosses, the politicians, the liberals, and the others who are destroying our society, our civilization, and our race?”
I was on a Christian radio talk show a few days ago, and the consensus seemed to be that we should read our Bibles and pray. I really don’t believe that’s going to get the job done.
When I talk with conservatives, most of what I hear is about voting: about electing the right politicians to the Congress and the White House. Some of them favor the Republicans, and some favor a third party. And I should tell you that I have about as much confidence in that approach as I do in praying. If we had a proportional representation system in this country, like they have in many European countries, so that we might hope to elect just a few responsible people to the Congress and have a voice there, then I suppose I would have just a litde more patience with conservatives. But as long as we’re stuck with the two-party shell game in this country, voting will no more get the job done than praying.
When I talk with some of my young radical friends, especially those of the skinhead persuasion, they’re inclined toward bombing, burning, slaying, and pillaging. They would like to lay waste to this whole evil thing that our society has become today. Some of their music certainly reflects that attitude, and I’m inclined to believe that their music is a frank expression of what they’re feeling. And really, when I examine my own
feelings, they’re the same. This society calls out to be destroyed as much as Sodom or Gomorrah ever did.
Whenever I see that smiling, lying piece of filth we have in the White House come on my television screen and remind us all that he’s still there, still President, still commander in chief of our armed forces — and worse than that, still accepted by most Americans as their President — then I must ask myself how reasonable men can believe that the same system that put Bill Clinton into the White House — that the system that got us into this cesspool — can get us out again. I mean, approximately half of the electorate seems to be enthusiastic about having as their next President a man who has been a faithful helper of the current piece of filth. And as for the Republicans, all I really see is a difference in degree, not in kind. The Republicans appeal to a slighdy more successful stratum of the population, a slighdy more sophisticated stratum, and so they themselves are obliged to be slighdy less obvious in their crookedness and treason. But really, are there ten righteous men in the whole, rotten system to justify trying to preserve it? I think not.
I had to visit New York City on Wednesday and Thursday of this week to do a Mike Wallace interview for 60 Minutes II. And God, you know, I felt just like John Rocker did when he surveyed Times Square: zoo city. The New York Jews call it “diversity,” and they love it 1 call it ugliness and degeneracy incarnate, and I hate it. My gut feeling was that the whole city ought to be leveled to the ground and then plowed with salt When I see one of the women of my people — a White woman — walking along a New York sidewalk arm in arm with
some dusky denizen of the African jungle, because she has been taught that fashion by the New York lords of the television screen, I feel a rage inside myself that is difficult to suppress. Why should I not be able to do what is right and natural and kill those who commit such an abomination as well as those who teach them to commit such abominations? I feel it my duty as an upright man of my race to do everything in my power to stamp out those who defile my people. I feel it my duty to set an example for others.
And it makes me feel sick when I must suppress this rage. But you know, that is what I ask the young people to do when they listen to their fighting music. I tell them that they need self-discipline: that it is fine to listen to people singing about slaughtering the enemies of our people, because it helps to build consciousness and determination, but they must control their rage and not let it become self-destructive. They must not turn to vandalism or hooliganism or mindless, drunken brawling and end up in prison, but instead they must harden themselves and train themselves for the time when their rage can be used constructively.
So, what about the rest of us? What should we be doing now?
In trying to answer that question we must be constandy aware of the truly bizarre situation we’re in today. It’s surreal. A war of annihilation is being waged against us. It’s taking a terrible toll, doing enormous damage to us, and yet most of us go about our daily business as if nothing unusual were happening. Our cities are being invaded and taken over. Our suburbs are being invaded. Our schools have been made into jungles.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
Here are a few statistics, which you can check for yourself in almost any good almanac: in 1950 90 per cent of the popula-tion of die United States was White. Most of the other 10 per cent was Black, and they kept to themselves; we didn't have to look at them. Today Whites are down to just over 70 per cent It’s actually much worse than that, since the total population of the country has nearly doubled during the past 50 years, up from 151 million in 1950 to more than 280 million today, including illegal aliens. That means that we have more than five times as many non-Whites in the country as we had 50 years ago and three times as many non-Whites relative to our own numbers. Furthermore, we’re having them all rubbed in our faces; they don’t keep to themselves in their part of town, in their schools, like they used to.
We certainly notice these things, even though they have taken place over a period of several decades. They affect our daily lives.
And you know, this invasion of our living space by non-White minorities isn’t something that just happened, like global warming. It has been engineered by those whose aim is to wipe out our people, to destroy our race. Our enemies are so close to their goal now and so certain that they will achieve it that they are boasting openly that within the next few decades they will have the White race in America reduced to minority status; then they can finish us off by means of the democratic process. Bill Clinton has made this boast a number of times during the past few years when speaking to Jewish or liberal audiences, and he always gets a lot of applause. Some of those who applaud are just being trendy, just going along with the fashion of hating White people and worshipping the idea of equality and multiculturalism, but others are active-duty members of the enemy army.
What these enemies are doing to us is as much a hostile action as if they were firing artillery projectiles across our borders and dropping
Many churches have happily joined with the Jews and the media to make the US population majority non-White.
bombs on our cities. We should be actively defending ourselves. We should be shooting back. We should be going from door to door with a list of names and slaying those who have engineered this assault on our people. And really, it is an engineered assault: the change in our immigration laws to bring in millions of non-Whites from around the world while cutting off the immigration of Whites from Europe; the refusal to round up and deport illegal immigrants except on a token scale; the forced integration of Whites with non-Whites in schools, neighborhoods, and work places; die encouragement of miscegenation by the controlled mass media. Those things are all deliberate. They all have been planned.
And we know who the engineers are. They have not engineered this war against our people without revealing their hands. They are, first and foremost, the media bosses and the other leaders of the Jews. The Jews
were the prime movers behind the changes in our immigration laws, they were the most powerful backers of all of the so-called civil-rights laws that have destroyed our schools and neighborhoods; and, most importandy, they are the producers and disseminators of the poisonous propaganda of equality and racial mixing coming from Hollywood and New York that keeps our people softened up and unresisting. And the Jews have picked up an army of Gentile camp followers:	politicians,
preachers and church leaders, feminists and homosexuals, members of the liberal educational establishment.
The politicians are simply amoral opportunists, who will dance to whatever tune is being played by the controlled media at the moment. And that’s all that any of them are, at least in the political mainstream. Whenever one who isn’t simply an amoral opportunist shows up on the sidelines and tries to participate, he gets the Pat Buchanan and Jorg Haider treatment.
The preachers and church leaders see an advantage for themselves in a dumbed-down population, a more credulous and superstitious population, and they are just about as opportunistic as the politicians. Christian leadership really has gone downhill fast during the past few centuries and especially during the 20 1 century. Bob Jones University used to prohibit miscegenation, and that really was its one claim to righteousness, but look how quickly it caved in and abandoned that claim a couple of weeks ago just to avoid media criticism. Compare that spineless and opportunistic behavior with the principled stand made by Martin Luther 480 years earlier. He was ready and willing to be burned at the stake over far less fundamental doctrinal matters.
The feminists and the homosexuals have turned against their own people and become partisans of the Jews because they see that as the better chance for hanging on to the unnatural advantages they now have. They’re afraid that if White men ever regain
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
control of the situation they’ll be forced to go back into the kitchen — or the closet, as the case may be.
And as for the liberals, many of them are simply opportunists like the politicians. They are ideological chameleons, without any real morality, without souls. They are for whatever is Politically Correct at the moment and against whatever is not. It is Political Correctness itself which is important to them, rather than any specific doctrine. As for the rest of the liberals, the ones who really believe the lunatic doctrines of equality and diversity and multiculturalism which they endorse, they’re simply crazy and ought to be put down like the sick puppies they are.
Anyway, that’s the situation with which we’re faced. It’s a more dangerous situation, a more threatening situation, than any we have faced in the past, including invasions by Moors and Mongols and Turks. We knew how to fight back against those other invaders, and we did. You saw a Turk, you either killed him or he killed you.
There are three big differences between our earlier wars for survival and the war we’re engaged in today. First, the earlier wars had an element of suddenness in them which is lacking in today’s war. When a band of Mongol horsemen suddenly appeared on the horizon, and you could see the smoke of burning villages behind them, you didn’t go back to your ball game or wait around to see what would happen next.
Second, the degree of treason among our people is vasdy higher than it ever has been before. When the Moors invaded the Iberian peninsula in the eighth century, the people who secredy opened the city gates to them were Jews, but our own people were solidly united against the enemy. When the Mongols invaded Russia and when the Turks were laying siege to Constantinople, there probably were a few traitors among our people who were working secredy for the enemy, but the number certainly was very small. Today, our whole society is riddled with traitors from top to bottom. In particular, the entire political power structure and much of the rest of the leadership of our society is in the enemy camp. Kill an enemy sol-
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
dier, and your own police will grab you and lock you up. As I said, it’s a bizarre sort of war.
The third big difference is the role of the mass media. This is the first real race war in which we’ve been involved in which there have been any mass media, and they are nearly all in the hands of the enemy. The enemy uses the mass media in two ways. He uses them to control the outcome of the democratic political process: it is through his media that the candidates and issues are presented to the public. Thus the politicians automatically fall into his pocket. And he uses the media to confuse the public and paralyze its will to resist.
Everything that happens in the world is shown to the public through the distorting lens of television. The Jewish media bosses are able to put their spin on every issue and on the explanation of every development or event. If the Jews decide that we need to starve another million Iraqi children to death with our blockade of Iraq, so that that country will not be able to pose any threat to Israel in the future, Michael Eisner’s ABC television news programs will explain why the maintenance of the blockade is necessary for the comfort and security of couch potatoes all over America. If the Serbs persist in their determination to reclaim their sovereign territory now occupied by Madeleine Albright’s NATO soldiers — if the Serbs continue to complain that those soldiers are protecting the KLA murder squads which are ethnically cleansing Serbia’s Kosovo province of its remaining Serbs — then Sumner Redstone can have his CBS television commentators explain why another humanitarian bombing of Belgrade is the right thing for our government to undertake. That will be enough to keep the couch potatoes placidly watching their ball games.
The media, unfortunately, are engaged in activities which are much more destructive than just keeping the public confused about what’s happening, however. They take a proactive role in destroying the will of the public to resist, in persuading large segments of the public to cross over to their side. They subvert some, and
11
they intimidate others. It is the Jewish media that have persuaded White children by the millions to imitate the dress, speech, and manners of Blacks and to listen to the morally and culturally destructive music of Blacks, even to chant anti-White ditties along with their favorite Black rap artists — and that also have conditioned WTiite adults to spend hundreds of hours every year cheering the antics of Black basketball players, to regard the more skillful Black ball players as celebrities, as heroes, as role models. The mass media of news and entertainment in the hands of the Jews give them a bigger military advantage over us than a thousand armored divisions on the ground and a fleet of ten thousand B2 bombers in the air, fully loaded with nuclear bombs: a formidable force indeed.
Now, because the media are the enemy’s most powerful weapon, I have taken the simpleminded approach of trying to fight back by building our own media. I don’t know that what I’m doing will be enough, but I do know that without a voice that can reach all of our people, inform all of our people, and inspire some of our people, we are lost. If the voices of the enemy are the only voices our people hear, then we are lost.
One can see the proof of this in a thousand ways. Consider just the immigration problem, for example: Mexican immigrants are imported by the thousands into a formerly White area to work in a poultry plant or to do farm labor. The local White people become upset when their taxes go up, their schools begin filling up with young Mexicans, and their women aren’t safe on the streets any longer. At this point the politicians and the preachers and the social workers begin assuring the people that having the Mexicans in their area is all for the better; that it will help the economy, that it will add “diversity” to their schools, and more “diversity” is always a wonderful thing; that we are a nation of immigrants, and there always are a few little problems of readjustment when a new wave of immigrants arrives, and so we should just be more patient and more tolerant. Et cetera. And besides, it’s inevi-
© 2000 | National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
table, there’s nothing you can do about it, and if you don’t like it you’re a racist or a “hate criminal.”
This is the message in all of the enemy media: in the newspapers, on the radio, on local television. And when that's all the people hear, they become discouraged. They don’t fight back. They don’t start shooting politi-dans and preachers and breaking the necks of social workers and running the Mexicans back toward the border, because they know that the enemy’s police and troops would arrive to pro-tect the Mexicans and arrest the Americans. So they give up and resign themselves to the enemy take-over of their communities, their schools, their economy. That’s the way it is in most places in America today. But in a few places we are beginning to have our own voice. In a few places my organization, the National Alliance, has been able to contradict the enemy: when a White community in North Carolina was overwhelmed by Mexicans, we were able to organize public protests and
An ad for Tyson in Hong Kong
let the people know that they don’t have to resign themselves to the invasion, that they can fight back; when Bill Clinton’s friend and supporter Donald Tyson brought tens of thousands of Mexicans into White areas of Arkansas to work in his Tyson Foods poultry plants, we were able to put up enough stickers and distribute enough leaflets at least to let the local
people hear an opposing voice, to let them know that there is another view besides that of the politicians and preachers and social workers.
What we are able to do now in countering the massive firepower of the enemy’s media isn’t much, of course. It’s like using a BB gun to return the fire of a missile cruiser. But our voice is growing louder and reaching more people. Three or four months from now it perhaps will be equivalent to a .22 caliber rifle. And one of these days we’ll blast that missile cruiser right out of the water. Meanwhile, it wouldn’t be a bad thing for a lot of other people to get out their BB guns and help us return fire.
This article is based on die American Dissident Voices program “Returning Fire,” aired on March 25, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Wages of Selfishness
When I began to think about today’s program, I had the notion that I would talk with you about something positive and optimistic for a change, instead of telling you about still more instances of media cover-up of Black-on-White hate crimes or about the Clinton government’s crooked shenanigans or about the Jews’ efforts to corrupt our society even further and take away even more of our freedom. Unfortunately, I couldn't think of anything really positive to tell you about.
I mean, when you see everything around you coming to pieces, when you see your whole society going down the drain, when you’re having your face rubbed every day in the prospect of imminent racial extinction, when you see Bill Clinton's grinning mug on every television news program, it’s pretty difficult — and unrealistic, I believe — to be optimistic. But then I remembered a book I had read while flying back from an interview in New York last week. It’s a book someone had sent
me, and its tide had grabbed my attention, and so although I ordinarily never have time to read books these days I grabbed it and took it with me when I headed for the airport to go to New York last week, and on the way back I actually read it The book is tided The Rise of Selfishness in America, and its author is a fellow named James Collier, who has written some 50 other books about our society.
So here’s the optimistic angle to today’s program: Collier is a flaming liberal, but he nevertheless has come to many of the same conclusions I have. The man cherishes the ideas of democracy and equality, and he has a lot of other really foolish notions as well, but he has examined the world around him and understands that it is coming apart He understands that America is in a state of terminal decline and is headed toward a disaster from which it probably will not recover. And he assigns most of the blame for this impending disaster to the transition during the last century
from a community-oriented citizenry to a self-oriented citizenry.
He certainly looks at the world differendy than I do. He focuses on different things and describes things differendy. He manages to avoid mentioning the Jews, for example, even when writing about the destructive role of television in our lives. But he nevertheless reaches many of the same conclusions I have reached. I doubt that it would have been possible for a liberal to have written such a book 20 years ago. I think it must have been very difficult for a liberal even in 1991, when The Rise of Selfish' ness was written, to take off his rose-colored spectacles and decide that all of the wonderful, “progressive” programs being pushed by the government and the media were not really producing progress.
I remember that during the 1960s and the 1970s, when the Jews were in the process of turning American society upside down, all of the liberals I knew were deliriously happy about the changes. Even today most liberals
© 2000 - National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
look back on that period as a time of wonderful social progress. But Collier has taken a closer look than most liberals have at the implications of the changes of the 1960s and 1970s. Anyway, the fact that even a few liberals are beginning to understand that many of the liberal programs of the last century have had profoundly damaging consequences is encouraging to me. I think that what has happened is that these few liberals finally have realized that they are in the same boat with the rest of us, and that when the boat sinks as a result of all those holes they’ve been so industriously boring in the hull, they’re going to drown along with the rest of us.
Among other things, Collier contrasts the Victorian ethos — that is, the ideas, attitudes, and ideals which characterized American society during roughly the latter half of the 19 century — with the ethos of the latter
half of the 20^1 century, and especially
of the last quarter of the 20^ century.
I should confess that the word “Victorian” used to have a negative connotation for me, primarily because I have associated Victorianism with prudery and hypocrisy. I always have appreciated female beauty and female company, and the refusal of the Victorians to deal in a forthright manner with the sexual side of life seemed unnatural and unhealthy to me. Collier cor-recdy points out, however, that there was far more to the Victorian ethos than prudery.
The Victorians had roots; they had obligations; they had responsibilities. The essence of Victorianism was self-discipline and responsibility. Every man had a responsibility to his wife and children, to his forebears, to his community, to his nation, and to his race, and he was expected to take all of these responsibilities seriously and to put them ahead of his personal self-interest. Having a strong sense of national and racial identity in a much more homogeneous America helped a man accept his responsibilities, but self-discipline was necessary too. Parents raised their children with this in mind, not hesitating to apply external discipline, including corporal punishment, when needed
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
Thrift was a virtue, and waste a sin. People paid first for what they wanted to buy, not later. There were no credit cards. A man chronically in debt was a man whose honor was in jeopardy. Temperance and self-restraint also were virtues. A man constitutionally unable or unwilling to postpone self-gratification was held in low esteem.
Of course, during most of the Victorian period there were virtually no Jews in America. It wasn’t until the huge flood of Jews began arriving from eastern Europe in the last two
decades of the 19*“ century that the Victorian ethos began eroding. Collier doesn’t attribute the change to Jews, of course; he simply points out that the immigrants at the end of the
19th and the beginning of the 20^ century began changing the attitudes and ideals of Americans. Increasing industrialization and urbanization also undermined Victorian virtues.
The author traces changing attitudes and behavior in America all the way up to a decade ago, making copious use of statistics and sociological studies to document his observations. What he presents to us is a gradual loosening of social bonds, a gradual abandonment of responsibilities, a gradual increase in permissiveness and loss of self-discipline through the
first two thirds of the 20 1 century, followed by a rapid acceleration of these tendencies during the 1970s. Although I might question some of Collier’s statistics and the objectivity of some of the studies he cites, I find myself in general agreement with his observations. It was because I had made roughly the same observations during the 1960s and early 1970s that I wrote my novel The Turner Diaries in 1975, projecting in fictional form where I saw these tendencies leading 20 years in the future.
In the 1970s, of course, the liberals as a whole scoffed at my predictions. In their view, the revolutionary changes taking place in America were all positive developments, and I suspect that Collier was among them at that time. Now, as I mentioned earlier, Collier and a few other liberals have swung around, as the realization
13
has hit them that they also are going down with the boat, and soon.
I even agree in part with Collier’s analysis of the causes of the American disaster. Specifically, he cites the rise in prosperity after the Second World War, which gave Americans more leisure time and more disposable income than they ever had had before: gains which most Americans did not use wisely. He also cites the advent of television in the 1950s, but he focuses entirely on television advertising, with its propaganda in favor of ever-increasing consumption. He also attributes part of the change to the influence of the hippies: the so-called “counterculture movement,” with its ideal of .total self-indulgence: “If it feels good, do it.” Finally, he blames Americans’ loss of respect for their government in the 1970s: the consequence of the unpopular Vietnam war and of the Watergate scandal.
And certainly, all of these things played a role, but the dynamics of the revolution of the 1960s and 1970s actually were a bit different than Collier sees them.. Like Collier I experienced that revolution at first hand, but I was not hampered in my view of things by liberal blinders. Yes, the Madison Avenue propaganda of consumerism played a role in leading Americans to be more self-indulgent, but so did the Hollywood propaganda of television entertainment. The spend-and-consume propaganda was driven by the greed of businessmen, but the Hollywood propaganda that saturated TV entertainment was driven by darker motives.
And the values of the hippies did penetrate the larger society, but only because the Jewish media deliberately facilitated that penetration. As Collier correcdy points out, the counterculture movement never involved more than a tiny portion of the young people of that era. The reason it was able to influence mainstream society was because the media Jews were sympathetic to the counterculture Jews, who occupied most of the leadership positions in the counterculture movement, and also because introducing hippie values into the mainstream served the racially destructive purpose of the media Jews.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for April 2000
Illustration from Do Itl
Jerry Rubin, probably the best known hippie publicist, laid out all of the mindlessly destructive hippie worldview in his 1970 book Do It! The book is a real piece of filth that could have been produced only by a Jew. It glorifies the Black Panthers, the Viet Cong, the killing of White policemen, indiscriminate sex, the use of every illegal drug known to man, and the total abandonment of all self-discipline and restraint. It even recommends to young Americans that they kill their parents if their parents stand in the way of their doing whatever they want to do. Such a book would have circulated only in the hippie underground and would have had no influence at all on most young people — except that it was published by Simon <Sl Schuster, one of the largest mainstream publishers in New York, which was able to put hundreds of thousands of copies of Rubin’s book on college campuses all over America. Simon & Schuster is owned by Sumner Redstone’s Viacom Corporation, the same Jewish media conglomerate which owns MTV and CBS. Hippie values didn’t just diffuse into mainstream America by osmosis; they were pumped in deliberately by the most powerful opinion-molding apparatus the world ever has known.
The Vietnam war and the Watergate scandal of the second Nixon administration provide an even better illustration of the fact that the change in American values and attitudes which occurred during the 1960s and 1970s didn’t just happen, as part of some natural historical development. The change was engineered; it was contrived; it was planned and cold-bloodedly implemented. And as in the case of the
infusion of hippie values the Jew-controlled mass media were the instrument by which this was accomplished.
Collier certainly is correct that the Vietnam war was an unpopular war and that a great decline in respect for the U.S. government occurred during the latter part of the war, but he’s wrong about the causal relationship between these two things. Collier writes:
". . . [AJfter the Tet offensive of January 1968 it became obvious to the majority of Americans that Presidents, generals — the government — had been lying about the conduct of the war. The general public was also coming to believe that it was a bad war — an unjustifiable one being fought in the wrong way."
Well, that certainly was the liberal view of the war at the time, but the general public certainly didn’t “come to believe that it was a bad war.” The general public never “comes to believe” anything on its own. The general public doesn’t have the wits for that Every idea in the mind of the general public is put there by the controlled mass media. Certainly, my idea of the Vietnam war at the time was that it was good for testing new weapons and military tactics, but not much else. But the hundreds of thousands of university students who were bused to Washington to march down Pennsylvania Avenue and chant for the Viet Cong were taught that the war was “bad” because it was being fought against little Brown people by White imperialists. Liberals like Collier on university campuses all over America were helping the Jewish media teach them that
But what made the war really unpopular with the general public was that the government clearly
wasn’t trying to win it. And also the fact that at a time when the government was drafting young Americans for the war, and the Viet Cong were killing them at the rate of about a hundred a day, the government was providing police protection for massive demonstrations in Washington in favor of the Viet Cong. The government knew who was organizing these demonstrations, but it did nothing to stop them. It was really demoralizing to Americans who had family members killed or wounded by the Viet Cong to see these hundreds of thousands of young Bill Clintons chanting and marching in Washington with Viet Cong flags while the politicians went about their business as usual.
To me this whole performance seemed insane. It seemed like a calculated way to destroy respect for the government and for authority. Eventually I realized that’s exacdy what it was. The people in the White House would have loved to extricate themselves from Vietnam, but they were scared to death of the media. Whenever they used tactics that really hurt the enemy, the Jewish media would scream bloody murder, and the White House would back off. Washington was fighting the war with one hand tied behind its back — deliberately. Liberals, in the government and out, were talking openly about the desirability of not winning a military victory in Vietnam. They had this wacky feminist-liberal idea that we had to talk the Viet Cong into some sort of negotiated compromise settle-
22t Money h Shit—Burning Money, Looting and Shoplifting Cm Get You High
The Stock Exchange official looks worried. He says to m, "You can’t see the Stock Eachange.”
We’re aghast "Why not?” we ask.
"Because you’re hippies and you’ve come to dsmon-stiate.”	o''
"Hippies?” Abbie shouts, outraged *t the very suggestion. "We’re Jews and we’ve come to aee the stock market.”
o:: vision : The next day'$ headUnet: II NEW YORK STOCK MARKET BARS JBWB
WeVe thrown the official a verbal karate punch. He
1 VIM (I*
The stock market comes to a complete standstill at our entrance at the top of the balcony. The thousands of brokers stop playing Monopoly and applaud us. What a craty sight for them~-4onghaimd hippies staring down #4 them.
Excerpt from Do It!
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
ment, instead of just pulling out all of the stops and killing all of them — and their supporters in Hanoi and in New York and in Hollywood.
The military leaders understood that the Vietnam war was easily win-nable, and they were very frustrated because they weren’t permitted to win it. They also understood who was keeping them from winning it. Only a few of them, however, had the courage to speak out in this regard. General William Westmoreland, the top military commander in the war, regarded the New York Times and the Washington Post as a Fifth Column which operated more effectively against America’s forces than a hundred enemy divisions on the battlefield. By the time the war finally was over, everyone was disgusted with the government, but that wasn’t because, as Collier put it, the public “came to believe that it was a bad war.” It was because we all were fed up with the embarrassing spectacle that the media and the spineless gang of politicians in Washington were making of what could have been a short, hot, and successful war against the communists in Vietnam.
The Watergate scandal also undermined public respect for the government and for authority, but again, that was primarily because the media manipulated the scandal to that end. Richard Nixon was an unlovable, indecisive sort of person, but the things he did in connection with the Watergate investigation that were actually criminal or harmful to the country pale to insignificance beside the criminal acts of his predecessor Lyndon Johnson or those of the current occupant of the White House. So some low-level Republican gumshoes decide to bug the Demo-
FREH SPEECH for April 2000
cratic Party offices: is that more scandalous than a Democratic gumshoe in the White House being caught with a big stack of confidential FBI files on Republicans that he shouldn’t have had?
The difference is that the Jewish media bosses made the conscious decision to brew a giant scandal out of the Watergate affair and to use the scandal to weaken the bonds of American society. And they did that by keeping the story on the front burner month after month, dribbling out tiny morsels of new information each day, and gradually building a huge mountain out of a molehill. Watergate was the Elian Gonzales story of 1973, except that the motive behind Watergate was to bring down the government, while in the Elian Gonzales case it is merely to keep the more sentimental and simpleminded couch potatoes engaged.
Anyway, it is not surprising that where many of the developments leading to the revolution of the 1960s and 1970s are concerned, Collier, because of his liberal bias, just doesn’t get it. In particular, he doesn’t get anything about Jewish scheming or the downside of “diversity.” But to return to the positive side of this broadcast, he does understand that the consequences of that revolution are double-plus ungood for all of us. For a liberal, that is a remarkable achievement.
The most dangerous consequence Collier sees in the transition from a community-oriented population to a wholly self-centered population that has taken place in the last century is the destruction of the family. He looks at the trends — children growing up without fathers, working mothers putting consumerism ahead of
15
proper parenting — and he is clearly worried:
". . . [W]e have seen in America an abandonment of parental responsibility which is unmatched in human history."
He also notes the growing disregard for laws and the growing contempt for authority that have sprung from the trend to more and more selfishness. But still, it is the destruction of the family about that he is most concerned. He writes:
"Increasingly younger people reject marriage, divorce easily, abandon their children, have fewer friends and see less of them. . . . How do we explain this? In part it may have to do with the intense involvement with the media, which provide a substitute for human interaction. . . . But at bottom, it seems to me, the increasing fragmentation of the American people is a consequence of the long-term turning inward to the self as the primary concern of life."
What Collier has to say about the American family makes an irreparable break between him and the feminists, who have played a major role in the deliberate destruction of the family and constitute a very important part of the coalition that is destroying our people. I mean, how can the feminists forgive him when he concludes that, despite all its faults, Victorian society was a healthier and more fit society than ours today. So let us be thankful, at least, for the break between a few liberals and virtually all feminists.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Wages of Selfishness,” aired on April 1, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.

Subscribe to JB*ee Speecli
Enclose $40 for a one year
■
Name:
Address:

Your subscription helps to keep American	on the	air.
llliiliiili
\ BKaUto: 1 National Vanguard
P.Ol
Hillsbo|o,WY 24946

H iH WxmmmzmmM»

© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year