FREE SPEECH I MARCH 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO.II1
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE (If FREE SPEB&fi
The Hurriean!
by D^pfflliam Pierce
jp by Dr, William Pierce
The Club
Elites vs. (®Masses'{?
by D| William Piere©
s’ear flel Smear
by Dr. William Pierce

The Hurricane
In the flood of mail that I received in response to my broadcast two weeks ago about the deliberate lies and distortions of supposedly “educational” television documentaries, I was pleased to note that many of my listeners already are fully aware of this sort of mendacity and have been keeping their own notes. I pointed out in my broadcast two weeks ago that the people in Hollywood who make these television documentaries not only lie to us, but they also are very careless with their facts, and I gave some specific examples of incorrect dates used in a History Channel program that was supposed to inform us about the secret history of Nazis in America. Several listeners who saw that History Channel program wrote to me about other careless errors they noted in the program. For example, Timothy McVeigh, the convicted Oklahoma City bomber, was described in the program as a Nazi
and as a former Marine. The claim about being a Nazi was a deliberate lie. The claim about being a Marine was a careless mistake: McVeigh was never a Marine; he was in the Army.
Listeners also told me about other Hollywood productions that they thought were especially brazen in their lies. Many mentioned films dealing with the Second World War and
Rubin Carter and his wife attend the opening of the film The Hurricane.
the so-called “Holocaust,” films portraying the Jews as the ultimate victims of White wickedness. A problem with many of these films is that it’s difficult for us to establish with certainty what’s true and what’s false. In the much ballyhooed Schindler’s List, for example, we have the Jewish claim that the film is based on historical fact. It shows the German commandant of a labor camp shooting his Jewish workers with a hunting rifle from his balcony for sport as the workers unsuspectingly go about their jobs. Anyone familiar with the way Germans ran things during the war can be practically certain that such indiscipline and self-indulgence as shooting defense workers for sport — even Jewish defense workers — would have been unthinkable. But without specific dates and places and reliable testimony, it's difficult to prove beyond any doubt that the Jews who made this particular hate-propaganda film were lying.
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
One very recent Hollywood production mentioned by several listen* ers was The Hurricane. It deals with events that are much easier to check out, and so I decided to look into that one myself. Here’s a brief history: Rubin Carter was a small-time L Black street thug in Paterson, New Jer-■ sey, in the 1950s and 1960s. He had y a long record of arrests for assault, theft, and robbery. His first criminal conviction was at age 11, after he stabbed a man and stole his wallet and wristwatch. For that he was sent to reform school, but the experience didn’t reform him. He continued with assaults and robberies after he was released. Later he spent four years in the penitentiary for a series of muggings. He also tried his hand at professional boxing, fighting under the ring name “Hurricane” Carter.
On the evening of June 16, 1966, the stepfather of one of Carter’s friends was killed in a fight with a White man. Carter commiserated with his bereaved friend over drinks and decided to “get even” with Whites. A few minutes before 2:30 in the morning of June 17, Carter and
another friend, John Artis, left the bar where they had been drinking and drove to a Paterson bar a few blocks away — the Lafayette Grill — known to have a policy of not serving Blacks. They parked around the corner, walked into the bar with a pistol and a 12-gauge shotgun and opened fire on the bartender and his patrons, killing two White men and a White woman — Jim Oliver, Bob Nauyoks, and Hazel Tanis—and shooting the eye out of a fourth White person, who survived the massacre. They then walked back to their car laughing and talking. A 23-year-old White woman, Patty Valentine, who had an apartment above the bar, was awakened by the sound of the gunfire. She looked out her window and saw Carter and his friend walk to their car and drive away. She called the police and gave them a description of the car.
Six minutes after the triple murder was reported, Paterson police spotted the getaway car and pulled it over. There was a third Black in the car with Carter and Artis, however, and the police, who were looking for a car with ‘two Black men instead of
three, did not detain them — even though Carter was found lying down in the back seat in an effort to conceal himself. Twenty minutes later, after receiving a more detailed description of the getaway car from Miss Valentine, the police spotted the car again, pulled it over, and took Carter and Artis to the police station for questioning. Both Blacks were given polygraph — that is, lie detector—tests. The police polygraph operator, Officer John McGuire, reported that Carter was “attempting deception to all the pertinent questions . . . [and] was involved in the crime.” The police searched the getaway car and found a 12-gauge shotgun cartridge and a pistol cartridge of the same caliber used in the massacre at the Lafayette Grill, although in the half hour between the shootings and the second police stop of their car the Blacks had gotten rid of the shotgun and the pistol. Because the police recognized Carter as a well-known boxing figure, and because they" did not have an eye-witness who could positively identify the killers, they turned Carter and Artis loose. Although Patty Valentine had gotten a clear view of the getaway car, she had not seen the faces of the two Blacks who got into the car.
Five months later an eye witness, Alfred Bello, finally testified that he had seen Rubin Carter and John Artis walk out of the Lafayette Grill with weapons in their hands immediately after the shootings. He had been afraid to come forward earlier for fear of retribution by Carter, he said. Carter and Artis were indicted, tried, convicted of murder, and sentenced to life in prison.
There the story would have ended, except that Carter, as a Black celebrity sports figure, had wealthy friends and a sympathetic ear in the Jewish media. The Jewish media bosses never are happy when a Black celebrity gets a lot of bad press, d la O.J. Simpson or Mike Tyson or “Hurricane” Carter. It contradicts the image of Blacks the media bosses have tried so hard to establish in the public mind. With a little help from his friends Carter got an autobio-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • V/V 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
3
Victims of the Lafayette Grill shooting
graphical book published in 1974 proclaiming his innocence. He had been framed by racist cops and prosecutors, he said. Hollywood types immediately flocked to his defense. Jewish pop singer Robert Zimmerman, better known by his stage name “Bob Dylan,” wrote a ballad asserting Carter’s innocence. Six hundred thousand dollars was donated by celebrities to bis defense fund. The New Jersey Supreme Court yielded to the media pressure and granted Carter and Artis a new trial. Both were convicted again. The New Jersey Supreme Court upheld the second conviction.
America’s judicial system today, however, works on the principle — one might say that it has been designed on the principle—that where there’s enough money to pay the lawyers there’s a way. Verily, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than it is to keep a rich man in prison, as we saw in the case of O.J. Simpson. Carter’s lawyers got his case before a Jewish Federal judge, H. Lee Sarokin, who, in November 1985, ruled that the prosecution had violated Carter’s civil rights by arguing before the trial jury that he had been motivated by racial hatred in his murder of the three Whites in the Lafayette Grill. This argument might have prejudiced the White jurors against Carter, Sarokin said, and he ordered Carter released from prison.
It is interesting to compare Judge Sarokin’s ruling in 1985 with the current Jewish campaign for more so-called “hate crime” legislation. The whole idea behind the Jewish “hate crime” campaign is to prejudice the entire judicial system against defendants who are not Politically Correct. Any evidence suggesting that a defendant has ideas or reads literature or listens to music or belongs to an organization that is not Politically Correct may be used not only to prejudice the jury against him but to increase the severity of his sentence if he is convicted. But 15 years ago a Jewish judge ruled that informing the jury that Carter was filled with racial hatred against Whites when he
walked into the Lafayette Grill with a pistol and a shotgun seeking revenge for the death of his friend’s stepfather had violated Carter’s civil rights. The times do change, don’t they?
However, the Jewish campaign to de-Aryanize America with the assistance of a mind-numbing flood of lies and anti-White hate propaganda hasn’t changed, even if some of the tactics are different. Two months ago Hollywood released the film The Hurricane, supposedly a documentary film based on the real-life saga of Rubin “Hurricane” Carter. It was directed by one of Hollywood’s greasiest kosher propagandists, the appropriately named Norman Jewison, and it has been receiving rave reviews in the mainstream media. It is so full of outrageous lies that it’s hard to decide where to begin.
Well, let’s start with the time right before the murders. There’s no hint that Carter has a hate on for White people, no hint that he’s looking for revenge against Whites. He’s in a mellow mood, drinking in his favorite bar with friends at the time of the murders. Then, right after the murders, one of Carter’s friends, John Artis, offers to drive him home. The Paterson police, who by this time are looking for the getaway car, stop the car carrying Carter, Artis, and another Black. The reason for the stop is presented by the film as simply another case of “driving while Black,” the trendy way these days of explaining the disproportionately strong tendency of Blacks to get into legal trouble behind the wheel of an automobile. It’s all because of the racist attitudes of White cops.
© 2000 | National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
Bob Dylan visits Rubin Carter in prison
4
In the film, when Carter is taken to the police station for questioning, instead of flunking the lie-detector test he passes it with flying colors. But the racist White cops and the racist White prosecutors have it in for Carter because he’s an “uppity nigger” who whips White boys in the ring and needs to be put in his place. With the help of a racist White jury he is unjusdy convicted. His only offense is being a proud Black man, whose whole life is ruined by White racism.
Even the film’s portrayal of Carter’s loss of the middleweight championship fight in December 1964 to White boxer Joey Giardello is one of a Black man deprived of justice by White racism. The film shows Carter beating Giardello to a pulp but having the tide denied to him by racist White judges. In fact, as nearly all the sports reporters who actually witnessed the fight agree, Giardello clearly whipped Carter, not the other way around, as the film falsely shows it, and the judges’ decision was correct.
I have given just a few examples here, but I am not exaggerating when I say that every significant point made in The Hurricane is a blatant lie. But hey, the whole point of Jewison’s film is to strike a blow against White racism, to make Whites feel guilty for existing and taking up space that by right belongs to the Blacks and the Browns and the Yellows of the world and to all of our other wonderful colored brothers, whom we have exploited and oppressed so shamefully. I mean, all’s fair, including lying, in war, and what the Jews are doing to us with their hate-propaganda films is war: it’s a war of racial annihilation — a war of genocide — they are waging against us, while we remain sitting on our hands, afraid even to acknowledge what is happening to us, lest we be denounced as “racists” or “anti-Semites.”
I hate to suggest that you put more money into Hollywood’s swollen coffers, but you really should see The Hurricane for yourself, read some of the reviews praising the film in Jew-
ish media such as the New York Times and the Washington Post, and then check out the facts. 1 believe that many of you will be astounded by this example of just how brazenly the Jews lie. It’s hard for us to imagine such shameless arrogance — such chutzpah, as the Jews themselves proudly call it.
One is reminded of Adolf Hitler’s warning in his book Mein Kampf about the Jews’ use of this “big lie” propaganda technique. Hider warned
Patty Valentine
us that the Jews get away with telling such whoppers because the average Gentile cannot imagine anyone lying so brazenly. Of course, the Jews’ reaction to Hider’s warning is just another example of their use of the “big lie” technique. They teach our children in the schools and announce to the couch potatoes through the mass media that Hider invented the “big lie” technique and advocated its use in Mein Kampf rather than warning us about the Jews’ use of the technique. They do this, knowing that they can get away with it because not one American in a hundred will actually check it out for himself and discover that they are lying.
Well, at least, the Jews’ lies, when they are as blatant and as obvious as they are in The Hurricane, do provide a useful tool for me, letting me show you what they’re up to. The unfortunate aspect of this is that with about 95 per cent of the White population consisting of lemmings, who are totally unmovable by truth or reason, what we can do with tools of this sort is limited. To lemmings the concept of truth is meaningless; all that’s real to them is what the other lemmings are doing and saying. That’s their whole universe. But, you know, there
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
5
Customers at the Lafayette Grill with Bob Nauyoks in the center.
is that other four or five per cent out there that is reachable with the truth, when it is presented clearly and force-fully. And that’s what 1 try to do: present relevant facts and ideas clearly and forcefully to those of my people who are interested in these things, who are moved by these things.
It’s clear, I believe, that this whole issue of lying Jewish hate-propaganda is relevant to most of due problems we face today. It’s not clear yet what effect my presentation of facts and ideas is having. How many of our people am I actually reaching? One per cent of the population? I don’t know, but if I am reaching one per cent of the population, that’s about 20 per cent of the independent thinkers. Perhaps that’s not enough yet to make a major difference, but the number we are reaching is growing. I’m sure of that. And I have a feeling that when we are reaching two or three per cent of the whole population — that’s about half of the independent thinkers — we will be able to make a difference.
Independent thinkers may not be in much demand in this era of Political Correctness, but they still do have some advantages over the lemmings. There are still some advantages to knowing what’s true and what’s false in the picture of the world presented to us by the mass media, for example. There’s some advantage in knowing whether Timothy McVeigh was motivated to bomb the Federal Building in Oklahoma City by reading one of my novels, as the Jewish media bosses would have you believe, or by the Clinton government’s murder of all those women and children in the Branch Davidian church in Waco. There’s some advantage in realizing that Hollywood media bosses have produced a major motion picture that portrays as a hero a hate-motivated Black murderer of White people.
The real advantage comes, however, when the people who know these things — the people who know that the media bosses lie about Timothy McVeigh’s motivation and know that “Hurricane” Carter is a coldblooded hate-murderer rather than a heroic victim of White racism g put it all together, when they draw conclu-
sions. The really important thing to understand is why the media bosses lie to us about Timothy McVeigh's motivation and why they pump out lying White-guilt propaganda such as Schindler’s List and The Hurricane.
Putting it all together and drawing conclusions is harder than just understanding the relevant facts, however. It requires courage as well as the ability to think independendy, and courageous people — people who aren’t afraid to come to Politically Incorrect conclusions — are even scarcer than independent-minded people. If I have reached 20 per cent of the independent-minded people in America with a few facts, I have helped perhaps a quarter of those reach conclusions. What is that? Five per cent of the independent thinkers. One-quarter of one per cent of the general public. Not enough yet, but it is growing.
I’ll tell you why I believe that it will continue to grow. It’s based on my observations of the Jewish character. Here’s what will happen. I will continue to expose Jewish lies and to help independent-minded Americans come to conclusions as to why the Jews tell these lies. And the Jews, instead of trying to clean up their act, will respond by telling even more outrageous lies. Instead of saying to each other, hey, fellows, they’re onto us;
we’d better be careful not to tell such whoppers — instead of that they’ll just tell more and bigger lies in an effort to drown us out. They can’t help themselves. That’s their nature. And the couch potatoes, of course, will believe every lie. But the independent-minded minority will find the lies harder and harder to swallow. And more and more of them will be forced to draw conclusions.
We cannot reform Hollywood as long as it is dominated by Jews, but we can provoke it a bit. We can persuade it to go to even greater extremes in its lying and thereby to become more susceptible to exposure. I’m sure you can remember when the Jews of Hollywood and Madison Avenue began pushing miscegenation in a big way perhaps a decade ago. Actually, they began rather cautiously right after the Second World War. They launched their Broadway musical South Pacific in 1949 to teach us how wicked it is to be opposed to interracial marriage, but they were careful not to push it too hard for the next couple of decades. But they did keep pushing it, becoming bolder and bolder even as the protests became louder. They followed a similar course with their advocacy of homosexuality. Every time someone tries to call them to account for their racially or socially destructive use of the mass
6
I’ve been following with interest the reaction of politicians and media spokesmen in Europe to recent developments in Austria. Basically, what has happened is that a man named Jorg Haider won enough votes in Austria’s parliamentary elections last October so that his party, the Freedom Party of Austria, became the second strongest faction in the Austrian parliament. Last week members of the Freedom Party became ministers in a coalition government with the Austrian People’s Party, which has the largest faction. That?s die way the system is supposed to work in a democracy, right? So why are the Jews and their hangers-on around the world screeching and threatening and generally acting as if the sky were falling?
Actually, that? s not the way the system is supposed to work. The way its supposed to work is that the only people who get elected are those who have been given a stamp of approval by the Jews, those who have been certified as MPolitically Correct.” Really, it’s worse than than to have a major policy role in the U.S. government or the government of any major European country, any major White country, you’re supposed to be a member of what amounts to a private club —
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
The Club
the Club — in which you have been carefully checked out and determined to be “safe”: which is to say, determined to be willing to take orders from the secret bosses of the New World Order. You can be a “conservative,” a la Ronald Reagan or George Bush, and be admitted to membership in the Club, so long as the Club’s bosses are sure you’ll do what you’re told to do, or you can be a flaming leftist, a la Bill Clinton or Al Gore. The one requirement is that you be corrupt, that you be a traitor to your people, that you sell your soul in return for the privilege of Club membership and the concomitant possibility of wealth and status and at least die semblance of power.
If you have been accepted into the Club, then you can run for public office, and the controlled media will treat you as a legitimate candidate. If you’re not in the Club, you will be treated as a threat to public safety. You’ll be treated as dangerous, irresponsible, and hateful. Which is to say, you’ll get the treatment Jorg Haider has been getting for the past couple of years, the sort of treatment Patrick Buchanan gets whenever he makes a run for public office. In nearly all cases, this hysterically hos-
media, they begin wailing about “anti. Semitism” and then redouble their propaganda efforts. It’ll be the same way with these lying hate-propaganda films they’re turning out today, such as The Hurricane.
It’s a real shame that all of this ultimately must lead to the destruction of our society and a horrible bloodbath. But that’s the way it always has been when the Jews have really gotten their hooks into a society. Meanwhile, the more people we can get to confront the facts and draw conclusions from them, the better chance we have of salvaging something from the ruin the Jews are bringing on.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Hurricane,” aired on February 19, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
tile treatment by the controlled media will frighten enough voters away from you to keep you from being elected. Only if you are a member of the Club and have sworn obedience to the Club’s bosses, and they believe that you are in fact corrupt and that they own your soul, can you avoid this hysterical hostility.
Of course, this rule only applies to positions of real power. You can still be elected county dog catcher without having been a Rhodes scholar. In fact, you may even become president of Lower Slobbovia, if the New World Order bosses are too busy with matters elsewhere to control the elections in Lower Slobbovia. But if the president of Lower Slobbo-via ever gets too uppity, then the Lower Slobbovians may find cruise missiles and smart bombs coming their way as part of some United Nations “humanitarian” mission, ostensibly to keep the Lower Slobbo-vians from ethnically cleansing the Upper Slobbovians, or whatever.
Or one may be elected governor of some remote, mountainous province in Austria, if the New World Order bosses are pretty sure they have the rest of Austria firmly under control. That’s the way it was with Jorg
(S> 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Haider. Working through a small, conservative party — the Freedom Party — he got himself elected governor of the province of Carinthia, or Kamten, as the Austrians call it. That’s a mountainous, out-of-the-way part of the country down against the border with Slovenia.
Even in such a seemingly harmless position, the Jews didn’t like Haider, and they soon began raising the alarm against him. For one thing, Haider’s father had been an SS soldier during the war, a member of Hitler’s elite fighting force, and Haider recklessly made a public statement to the effect that the SS soldiers really weren’t a bad bunch: “Our soldiers were not criminals. . . . They were decent people of good character,” he said. That made the Jews go ballistic. Club members are under strict orders never to say anything that might be considered even remotely favorable to Hider. It’s OK to praise Stalin, whose regime murdered 30 million Russians and Ukrainians, because Stalin worked hand in glove with the Jews, but one must treat Hider as worse than the devil himself, because Hider is the one man who gave the Jews a real scare in this century.
Then Haider made other public statements: he pointed out that Hider had had some very good economic policies and employment policies before and during the Second World War, and that the Austrians should consider adopting similar policies today. He also gave voice to the exasperation many Austrians and Germans feel about the Jews eternally having their hands out and demanding more money — more “reparations” — for their alleged losses during the war. He said that continued payments to Israel would be appropriate only if the Germans who had been driven out of their ancestral lands by the victorious democratic and communist allies after the war also were compensated. Twelve million German civilians were brutally expelled from territories the victorious conquerors decided should be given to Poland and Czechoslovakia, and nearly three million of them were murdered or died from exposure and starvation during the course of the expulsions. When Haider compared the suffering of these German expellees to those of Jewish forced laborers and concentration camp inmates, the
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
Jews exploded with rage and hatred. They began screaming that Haider is a “Nazi.”
But of course, Haider is nothing of the sort, unfortunately. He is only a conservative. Like Atlanta Braves pitcher John Rocker, however, he is a conservative with a habit of occasionally saying what is on his mind. And when the Jews began screaming at him and calling him a “Nazi,” Haider, like Rocker, groveled and apologized. But he also became more and more popular with the Austrians. Despite all of the Jewish hate propaganda directed against him, Haider’s Freedom Party continued winning more and more votes in Austria’s national elections.
The Haider policy that has done most to make him popular with his fellow Austrians is his anti-immigration policy. The Jews and the other members of the Club have been pouring immigrants from the Third World into Austria since the 1960s, in line with their program to de-Europeanize Europe. Haider has campaigned against this policy, calling for an end to immigration and an end to special benefits for immigrants, and Austrians have responded by voting for him. Immigration from the non-White areas of the world is increasingly unpopular everywhere in Europe, but with Club members in the top governmental posts everywhere, this popular discontent has been ignored by governments and condemned by the media as “racism.” In countries such as France, where the National Front of Jean-Marie Le Pen has campaigned on anti-immigrant issues, the uncompromising hostility of the controlled media and a solid front among Club members in the government have kept the nationalists under control. And that’s also the way it has been nearly everywhere else, including the United States.
When Haider surprised everyone last October by winning enough votes for his Freedom Party to become the second-largest faction in Austria’s parliament, the Jews and their servants everywhere unleashed a non-stop torrent of abuse on Haider and on Austria. “His party may be the second largest now,” the Jews declared, “but Haider must have no role in the Austrian government. He must have no control over government policies. The government must remain entirely in
7
the hands of people obedient to us. Otherwise we will punish Austria severely.” Of course, the Jews didn’t use exacdy those words, but that’s exacdy what they meant.
Then, as it became clear a couple of weeks ago that Haider’s Freedom Party would indeed have a major role in Austria’s government, the shrillness of the anti-Austrian abuse increased still further. We had the fascinating spectacle of leading politicians everywhere — France, Belgium, Britain, the Netherlands, Germany, Scandinavia, Spain, Portugal — demanding that the will of the Austrian people be ignored, that the results of Austria’s democratic election be set aside: whatever was necessary to keep Haider’s party out of the Austrian government. And these leading politicians everywhere are democrats, men supposedly devoted to the idea that the will of the majority is sacred. They also are all members of the Club; they are all men who have made a secret pact with the Jews, and that, really, is what counts. Democracy, the will of the people, majority rule: those are just words, just ideological flypaper for keeping the masses of voters confused.
This really is an important point, and I want to emphasize it. The Jews and their fellow Club members always push democracy. Democracy, they declare, is the only acceptable form of government anywhere, except in various little Third World ban-tustans, where it’s OK to have a head-witchdoctor-for-life, or whatever, because there’s no chance that such a system will catch on elsewhere. Everywhere in the White world, however, democracy is required. But the reason that the Jews love democracy so much is only because it is the easiest system for them to control. Whoever controls the media controls the majority of the votes. Democracy works just the way the Jews want it to work — except when someone who isn’t a member of the Club slips through a crack and gets elected, as in Austria. Then we get a chance to see what the Jews and their lackeys really think about democracy. To restate the obvious: what’s important to the Jews and the other members of the Club is not democracy, but continued control by themselves. When democracy serves the purpose of keeping them in power, they are fervent democrats.
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
But when democracy instead becomes a threat to continued Jewish rule, they are just as fervent anti-democrats.
So last week, as Haider’s people entered the Austrian government and took over the key ministries of defense, justice, and finance — and also the ministry of social security, which handles welfare payments and other special benefits to immigrants — Israel’s ambassador left in a huff, followed shordy by the ambassador of the ever-obedient United States, while the top politicians in other countries blustered and threatened economic sanctions, a severing of political contacts with countries belonging to the so-called European Union, exclusion from NATO participation, and so on. The media were full of dire warnings that allowing Austrian voters to run their own country poses a major threat to democracy everywhere.
Jews in Vienna used megaphones to whip up mobs of angry immigrants, who smashed store windows and overturned and burned police cars. More than 30 policemen were injured by the rioters. One Jew protester in Vienna, Paul Rubinstein, told a reporter: “This is no longer a Viennese problem or even an Austrian one, but a world one.” There really seems to be no limit to Jewish impudence. Can you imagine a gang of Austrians going to Israel and stirring up a mob of Palestinians in Tel Aviv, say, to bum Jewish police cars and then making arrogant statements to the press about what would and what would not be tolerated in the makeup of the Jewish government? Mr. Rubinstein, of course, is right about one thing: what’s happening now is a world problem. It’s not just the Austrians who have a problem, but also the Russians and the Serbs and the Germans and the people in every country — including America — who want to regain their freedom and their national sovereignty.
It really is unfortunate that Jorg Haider isn’t the “new Hitler” that the Jewish hate propaganda makes him out to be. His party is still increasing in popularity, primarily the result of Austrian resentment against the anti-Haider pressure being applied by Jews and other Club members. If new elections were held today, polls indicate, the Freedom Party would gain another 15 per cent of the vote and become the largest party in Austria.
Even the fashion industry jumped in to condemn Haider
But as a conservative, Haider will compromise with his people’s enemies. He will slow the rate of decline in Austria for a few years, but he will not make the fundamental changes in Austrian society needed for renewed health, nor will he ignite the revolution needed to cleanse Europe. It is notable, however, that most of the Freedom Party’s support comes from young people, not elderly conservatives. It is conceivable that the party could evolve in a more radical direction, although that is not likely.
The two main benefits for the world in the recent success of the Freedom Party in Austria are, first, that this success certainly will encourage nationalists in other countries by demonstrating that the Club is not always able to have its way; and second, the Jewish reaction and the reaction of the other Club members to the Freedom Party’s success provide for the world a clear demonstration
of the totally corrupt nature of the clique which now rules the world: the New World Order clique. Watching all of these supposed “democrats” suddenly change their tune on command and begin denouncing the democratic process in Austria when it doesn’t produce the results they want is a truly enlightening experience.
Now I want to give you a five-minute synopsis of the political history of our world. This synopsis will be gready oversimplified, of course, and it certainly will be based on an incomplete knowledge of the facts. I don’t have any secret pipeline to the truth. But I do observe what is happening in the world around me, and 1 do try to make sense of it. I do look for patterns. I do look for common threads. I do try to understand what’s behind it all. And this is what I see: I see that for 10,000 years or so we pretty much ran our own affairs in Europe. Different groups of us did things in different ways. Some of us governed ourselves with a council of elders, a gerousia; others had a tribal chieftain; some of us had kings. At the dawn of history, aristocracy was the general rule for our people, but here and there we tried different things at different times. In Greece and in Rome monarchical aristocracy evolved into a sort of aristocratic democracy, where the nobles, the landowners, got together in a senate or a boule and voted on policies. Sometimes these aristocratic legislators became sloppy or lazy or careless, and they got too many people involved in the voting. Things became too democratic, and then either the people would be conquered by their more fit neighbors, or a strong man, a dictator, a Caesar, would take charge and straighten things out for a while, and a republic would become an empire.
At any given time, some people liked the system, and some people didn’t. No matter what the system, some of our people were happy, and some weren’t. Sometimes things were stable for a long time, and sometimes we had much turmoil, with one war or revolution after another. But the important thing — the most important thing — is that we ran things ourselves. We conducted our own affairs, for better or for worse. And on the whole we did a better job of conducting our affairs than non-Europeans
o
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
anywhere. We fought among ourselves almost continually, but we prospered nevertheless. We advanced. We made progress. Sometimes we had temporary setbacks, as when the
Moors conquered Spain in the 8®1 century and the Mongols conquered
Russia in the 13n century. But nearly always we whipped anybody who got in our way. We ruled the world, and ruled it as we pleased, at the beginning of the 20^ century. We had many different sorts of government and leaders with different ideologies. We had many rivalries and conflicts among ourselves. But we Europeans, we White people, ran the show.
Some very unhealthy changes had occurred in the White world during
the 19th century, however. During the Napoleonic Wars, in the first part of
the 19t" century, the Jews in western Europe were permitted to leave their ghettoes and were given civil rights.
Until the 19“' century wise rulers had protected their people from the Jews by keeping the Jews isolated. But in
the 19th century they began infiltrating European political, cultural, and social institutions. They began agitating among the lowest European social classes, among the rabble and the resentful pseudo-intellectuals. One of
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
them, Karl Marx, the father of communism, called for the communist overthrow of Gentile society. By the
beginning of the 20n century, the Jews had organized two strong movements aimed at acquiring power for themselves: the communist movement, directed outward toward Gentile society. and the Zionist movement, directed inward.
Then came two ruinous, fratricidal wars, each more destructive than any previous war in the history of mankind, and in both of these wars the Jews played a major role behind the scenes. The first of these wars served not only to destroy the long-established social and political order in Europe, but to empower both Jewish movements, communism and Zionism. The behind-the-scenes dealing, in which the Jews promised British politicians to bring America into the First World War on the side of Britain in return for Palestine being given to the Jews, is especially illuminating. This undercover deal, between Britain’s politicians and world Jewry, resulted in U.S. President Woodrow Wilson, a Club member who had campaigned on an anti-war platform, suddenly switching his position and demanding U.S. involvement in the war in Europe, even though no vital U.S. interests were served thereby. It
9
made a world war out of the European war and prolonged it by two years, leaving the Russian monarchy so weakened that it could not resist a communist takeover.
The second war finished the job started by the first. With no vital American interests threatened, Club member Franklin Roosevelt again converted a European war into a world war, which rescued both communism and Jewish power in Europe from Hider — and finished the destruction of Europe’s old power structures and institutions and values. It established the Club — this kosher-ised old-boy fraternity of corrupt politicians — as the hidden but nonetheless supreme political institution; it homogenized political structures and ideologies everywhere in the West, making mass democracy and Political Correctness mandatory; and it elevated the Jews to the status of Those Who Can Do No Wrong. And that’s the way it has been ever since, in Austria and elsewhere.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Club,” aired on February 12, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Elites vs. Masses
One of the most profoundly depressing experiences an American can subject himself to these days is watching the various presidential candidates campaigning on his television screen. My god, what a sorry spectacle! Bush and McCain, Gore and Bradley: these are the “leaders” approved for us by the media masters. These are the men they have said it’s OK for us to vote for, the ones they have checked out and decided are safe. And every one of these approved candidates is a man who would be marched straight to the gallows and hanged on the first day of any general cleanup of America: every one of them. There is not an honest man or a patriot among them, not one who will stand up to the media bosses or even wants to stand up to them.
In Austria, where one politician who has not been approved by the
media bosses somehow slipped through a crack and ended up with enough votes to gain substantial influence in the Austrian government, the Jews are organizing huge demonstrations of immigrants, communists, feminists, homosexuals, democrats, and the usual rabble. Freedom Party leader Jorg Haider has groveled and apologized to the Jews for saying some Politically Incorrect things in the past, but that’s not enough for them. He wasn’t approved, he wasn’t certified kosher, and they want him out.
In America, on the other hand, all of the major-party candidates have been approved. What a depressing thought! Think how much better off the Austrians are than we are! Well, really, that’s not much better, because Haider is nothing but a conservative. He may slow Austria’s decline for a while, but he certainly won’t clean his
country up. Over here we have an approved conservative, a kosher conservative, in the person of George W. Bush, Jr., and three approved liberals, in the persons of John McCain, A1 Gore, and Bill Bradley. What a choice!
To me the most depressing aspect of this situation is the way in which the American people have adapted to it. Now, it’s true that in the last presidential election, in 1996, a majority — 51 per cent — of the eligible voters voted, in effect, for “none of the above,” by choosing not to vote. I suppose that I ought to consider that a good sign, but, really, when the choice was between Bill Clinton and Viagra poster boy Bob Dole, who throughout his political life was a disgustingly subservient flunky of the Jews, like John McCain is today, you can hardly blame people for not both-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
ering to go to the polls. What I’m afraid of is that the percentage of the electorate voting this year will bounce back up from its low point of 49 per cent in 1996. In other words, most Americans — or at least, more than half of them — still take the charade seriously. That’s a shame, but not really surprising.
I always take what I see on the television screen with a grain of salt, but despite the spin applied to the news by the media bosses, there’s usu-ally some truth in what they show us. When they show us a sampling of public opinion, a series of little side' walk interviews, they certainly are able to slant the impression they give us of public opinion by choosing in the editing room which interviews to keep and which to discard, but for the most part the people we see being interviewed after the editing is done are real people. Unlike the anchor person or the interviewer, they aren’t paid actors. And so we must believe that there really are such idiots in our population: a lot of such idiots, in fact.
I’m using the word “idiot” loosely here, of course. Most interviewees aren’t really stupid; they’re just lemmings. They say what they believe is expected of them, what they believe other people would say in their place. Which is why these sidewalk interviews are such a useful tool for the media bosses. The lemmings who are watching the interviews on their screens take their cue from the lemmings who are being interviewed, and so any spin put on these interviews has a real effect on public opinion.
That doesn’t really provide a complete explanation of the disaster that has befallen us, however. Lem-minghood, I believe, is a hereditary condition. That is, one is either bom a lemming or not, and not much can be done to change the condition after birth. But there are other elements of our society who aren’t lemmings, but who nevertheless have contributed to the disaster. I was talking with a secret-police agent last week, a man I’ve spoken with on several occasions in the past He’s retiring now, after 32 years with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and so he shouldn’t be under an obligation any longer to avoid saying anything Politically Incorrect. He’s an intelligent man and not unlike many others in his line of
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
Al Gore and Yisroel Lefkowitz, one of his many Jewish supporters
work, I believe. I asked him again last week a question I’ve asked him on several previous occasions: How can he justify working for Bill Clinton? Doesn’t he at least have some misgivings working for a government headed by Bill Clinton?
Well, I got the same answer I’ve gotten from him before. He’s not working for Bill Clinton, he told me, or for Janet Reno. He’s working to uphold the Constitution, he said. He believes in the system we have, he told me. He believes the system still works. And he said that with a straight face, as if he really believed it. And I think that in some sense, at some level, he does believe it. I don’t think he’s like the lemming, who foolishly and enthusiastically jumps aboard every trend that comes along. He simply avoids coming to inconvenient or uncomfortable conclusions. And there's probably a bit of authoritarianism mixed in there, as is the case with many career cops and military people: a tendency to assume that might is right.
I think that we see the same sort of mentality at work when military officers support Clinton administration policies on homosexuals and on women in combat. In the past they were unanimously opposed to these policies. But then the Jews demanded that homosexuals be accepted in the military and that women be permitted to be on submarine crews, and the political appointees in the Pentagon scrambled to issue new regulations in line with these demands, and the career military people begin readjusting their thinking to bring it into line.
I think that they really justify to themselves their changed views on these matters. Not one in a hundred will do the honorable thing and resign in protest. Instead, they will conform their opinions to whatever is demanded of them — just as the secret policeman I occasionally speak with, and his Constitution-supporting colleagues, will without hesitation violate every Constitutional right I have if orders come down from Washington to arrest me as an “enemy of democracy,” or whatever.
You know, it’s not too difficult for us to figure out what has happened to us in retrospect. It’s not too difficult for us to understand the mechanics of the way in which the people who control the mass media are able to determine public policy by playing on the psychologies of the susceptible elements of the population. What is eerie to me is the way in which the Jews instinctively went for control of the media at a time when no one had the advantage of hindsight. How did they know, in the first quarter of the last century, when motion pictures were in their infancy and television was only a dream in the minds of a few visionary engineers, such as Philo Farnsworth, that the key to the control of the world lay in Hollywood?
When I think about it, I’m inclined to believe that it was part instinct and part luck. Jews always have had a mercantile instinct. It’s evolved with them in the course of thousands of years during which trade was their principal activity. And a good line of patter, the ability to get the rubes to line up and buy a ticket to the sideshow, is certainly an asset to the man who wants you to buy something from him. In other words, showmanship and salesmanship are compatible traits, and so the Jews may have been attracted to Hollywood — and to other media — primarily as a result of their mercantile tendencies, without a long-range plan for using the media to acquire complete domination of our society. Maybe. But it didn’t take them very long to see that potential and then to take advantage of it.
As useful as it may be for us to understand how they managed to get the sack over our heads, the more urgent question now is: what are we going to do about it? How are we
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
going to get the sack off? It’s an urgent question, because our time is running out. The Jews are using their present advantage over us in an attempt to make it impossible for us to recover. They're keeping our borders open, flooding America with every sort of wretched refuse from the Third World they can coax into the country. They’re pushing miscegenation with all of their media as hard as they can, trying to convince our oh-so-desperate-to-be-fashionable young women that bedding down with a Black or some other non-White is the most fashionable thing they can do — and unfortunately, they’re having a lot of success with this race-wrecking program. And they’re absolutely determined to repeal the First and Second Amendments to our Constitution, so that I can’t warn you about what’s coming, and you can’t defend yourself when it gets here.
Now, 1 receive many suggestions from listeners as to what we should do about all of this. Some people tell me that we need to buy a television network — and I agree with that, but so far no one with this suggestion has sent me a check for $20 billion to make such a purchase possible. Other listeners have told me that we need to run candidates for public office and take the country back by winning the public offices now being held by the treasonous politicians of the Democratic and Republican Parties.
Actually, I believe that it’s quite reasonable to run candidates for public office, to use the democratic process — and any other process we can use for our purpose — so long as we go about it realistically. That is, we mustn’t fool ourselves into believing that we’re actually going to succeed in taking back the country that way. The problem is that as long as most of the public consists of lemmings and television remains in the hands of the Jews, the public will vote for an approved candidate, a candidate who has secredy pledged his loyalty to the enemies of our people and who has been certified kosher. But election campaigns do provide a forum, they provide another means of communicating with the public. And they may be the best means for communicating with the most conventional and conservative sector of the public, with those who are authoritarians but not really lemmings, and who believe that
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
everything must be done in accord with the system.
But we really don’t have much time for trying things that may be useful in one way or another but that ultimately won’t get the job done. We must do what we can do effectively — and which ultimately will be successful. So let me spell it out for you: America will not be taken back by people who believe Bill Clinton is an OK guy. It will not be taken back by people who believe that Bill Bradley or John McCain or George Bush or any other TV-approved politician ought to be in the White House instead of Bill Clinton. America will not be taken back by the lemmings. As long as those who are determined to destroy our race are able to control the thinking and behavior of the majority of voters, we must not waste our time and our resources on majority-based schemes. The masses of our people can have a part in taking back America only after the grip of our enemies on their minds has been broken. Until then we must look to the minority of our people able to think for themselves. We must have a plan based on elites, not on the masses.
Many of our people who think of themselves as patriots feel that we have been betrayed by our elites — and in a sense we have. After the Second World War, when the Jews began pushing their various programs to multiculturalize America — that is, to break the power of the White majority — these programs impacted most heavily on the Whites at the bottom of the socioeconomic scale. The White professional and business classes, the Whites with more money and mobility, were better able to protect themselves. When government programs began destroying White neighborhoods and White schools, they could move to safer neighborhoods; they could send their children to private schools. Affirmative action was no threat to them, because Blacks couldn’t handle the sort of work they did. The real traitors — the Kennedys and their ilk — lived in private compounds with armed guards and felt that they would be able to live well and be safe no matter what happened to everyone else.
And today we still have a high concentration of traitors among the wealthiest Whites. We have the disgusting spectacle of the richest White
11
man in the world trying to buy favor with the Jews and the non-Whites by giving hundreds of millions of dollars to vaccinate Blacks in Africa and pay tuition for Blacks in America. But really, we have few White heroes in any class. The disgusting behavior of Bill Gates is more than matched by the disgusting behavior of the White workers who cheer for Black basketball players and let their daughters run with sub-humans, and by the mindless adoption by White yuppies of every Jew-promoted fashion, no matter how degenerate. And anyway, when I speak of White elites I am not thinking primarily of rich Whites. I am thinking of Whites able to think for themselves, regardless of income. Being rich doesn’t automatically bestow the ability to think indepen-dendy, but being able to think inde-pendendy does give a person certain advantages in the struggle for survival.
And we should note that the struggle for survival has changed during the past 50 years. The lemmings believe that they are better off than before, because they can buy more shiny gadgets at the mall than they could 50 years ago. To them, this makes up for die prospect of mulatto grandchildren. But many thinking Whites in the professional class are beginning to understand that there are limits to what their money and mobility can get them in a society controlled by Jews. The flood of immigrants from Asia already has impacted on their career prospects the way affirmative action impacted on blue collar Whites a generation ago. Medical schools and graduate schools in America are packed with non-Whites from India and Pakistan and China and Korea and a dozen other countries. These Asians are just as alien as Blacks are, but they are vasdy more able. They are able to compete with educated Whites for positions in the professions the way Blacks began competing for factory jobs and service-industry jobs with working-class Whites in the 1960s and 1970s.
What has happened in America in just the last decade has made a big difference for many White professionals, though certainly not for all. Many White professionals — and would-be professionals, who now are obliged to setde for blue collar work, because there’s no room for them in graduate school or medical school or other pro-
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
fessional schools — really have been hit hard. Many are confused by the change. Most haven’t figured it out yet, but they are more open to the truth now than they have been at any time in the past. That’s why my organization, the National Alliance, is more successful now in recruiting young university faculty members, young engineers, young physicians, young pharmacists, young biochemists, young computer scientists, even young lawyers, than ever before, despite the fact that the economy is keeping most people comfortable.
And, as I indicated a moment ago, it’s not just the professionals to whom we must address ourselves. It is the elite minority of our people able to think for themselves, regardless of what they do for a living. The lemmings may not be bothered by the prospect of mulatto grandchildren, and perhaps Bill Gates isn’t either, but among the thinking minority plenty of White people are bothered by that prospect.
We have two factors at work here. We have the material factor. We have the realization that life-style and security, that career opportunities, have been damaged by the multiculturaliza-tion of America, and that has made some of our independent-minded people receptive to the truth, who a decade ago would have preferred not to think about it. And we have the aesthetic factor, the spiritual factor. We have the realization that life has lost much of its meaning, much of its
Asians are overrunning graduate schools
value, in a darkening world, regardless of material considerations. This realization has opened the minds of many people in the arts. The fact that resistance music is booming as never before is just one consequence of this.
Now, thinking people never will be able to outvote the lemmings. And a howling mob of the dispossessed outside the city gates, acting alone, never will take a strong citadel, but with allies inside to open the gates, the prospects for taking the citadel improve dramatically. We live today in a technocratic society. Money and the media and politics may seem all-
powerful at first glance, but all of these elements of power are completely dependent on a technocratic elite, an elite that understands the mechanism that keeps the wheels turning and that has its hands on the levers that control the machine.
Furthermore, the mediacrats depend not only on the engineers and programmers who keep their machinery of illusion running, but also on a creative and artistic minority who create their illusions for them, and not all of these toilers in the illusion factory are Jews.
And so while our television screens are filled with images of the media-approved politicians strutting and smiling and kissing Black babies, we’ll continue helping the independent-minded portion of the population understand what’s happening. We’ll continue building an organization based on that elite minority of the White population. And we’ll continue building our media capabilities, our ability for communicating with everyone in the White population willing to listen. I’d be happy to have you join us in this effort.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Elites vs. Masses,” aired on February 26, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Fear of the Smear
The enemies of America and of Europe — the enemies of our people everywhere JJ have two guiding principles, two imperatives. The first is to continue backing the racially destructive programs now in place while introducing newer and even more destructive programs through the media and through government legislation. The second imperative is to prevent or neutralize any effective opposition to their programs: that is, to make it impossible for our people to defend themselves.
For example, just two of the racially destructive programs they already have in place are, one, keeping our borders open to immigrants
from the non-White areas of the world and, two, doing everything they can to encourage miscegenation. Their immigration program, aimed at flooding White areas with non-Whites, is backed primarily through the government Their miscegenation program, aimed at increasing die degree of racial mongrelization, is backed primarily by their mass media — although they also use their influence among the Christian clergy and in the educational establishment to enlist the aid of the churches and the schools in pushing the acceptance of miscegenation among their White victims.
A majority of the people they intend to destroy are kept hypnotized by the mass media and offer no resistance. An independent-minded minority, however, are not entirely happy about our enemies’ plans and insist on speaking out and sometimes taking other measures against the programs intended to destroy them. These dissidents who speak against our enemies and their plans are described by the media as “haters,” as “extremists.” Or, if talk turns to action, the dissidents are denounced as “terrorists.” In most cases fear of these labels, fear of being called a “hater,” is sufficient to keep the dissidents quiet. After all, most indepen-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
dent-minded people, just like the lemmings, are social creatures. They desire the goodwill of their neighbors, They don’t want to be hated or reviled or even feared. They have families and jobs. They don’t want their colleagues or coworkers to consider them odd or dangerous. They don’t want their friends and acquaintances among the lemmings to shun them.
The media bosses, who are foremost among the enemies of our people, thus have a very powerful weapon in their ability to label arbitrarily as “haters” any dissidents bold enough to speak out against them or their policies or even against the consequences of their policies. Thus, when Adanta Braves pitcher John Rocker — or perhaps I should say, former Adanta Braves pitcher John Rocker — spoke out a few weeks ago, he immediately was labeled a “hater” by virtually all of the mass media. His comments about what a multicultural pigsty New York City has become were denounced as “hate speech.” The unanimity of the media reaction to Rocker’s rather mild comments gives us a clue that these ritual denunciations are a matter of deliberate policy rather than merely spontaneous and individual expressions of disagreement by the media bosses.
In other words, when I or some other dissident says something the media bosses find disagreeable, the disagreeable comment is unanimously labeled “hate speech.” It’s never a matter of some of them agreeing with it and some disagreeing; they all denounce it as “hate.” I don’t have to screw up my face and scream, “I hate you,” in order to be denounced as a “hater.” Almost anything I say is described in all of the mass media as “hate speech,” simply because it is not Politically Correct, simply because it deviates from the party line. And believe me, there is a party line.
For example, my organization, the National Alliance, distributes a little index-card size sticker which has printed on it the words: “Earth’s most endangered species: the White race — help preserve it.” That’s all, except for our name and address.
And yet, every time the media comment on this sticker they use the word “hate.” They call it a “hate sticker,” “hate propaganda,” and the like. They never comment on it without using the word “hate.” My people
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
Swas-StSckers
Neo-Nazis‘Tag’ Mill Basin
Nation’s 'Most Dangerous’ Hate Group
Arrives In Brooklyn	,*.*
The response to the National Alliance’s stickers in Brooklyn
distribute some of these stickers in an area, and a hysterical headline appears in the local newspaper: “Residents alarmed by hate literature distributed in city,” or something similar.
Now, don’t tell me that this is an independent and spontaneous reaction by the media bosses each time it happens. We’ve distributed several million of these stickers over the past decade, and I’ve seen this reaction hundreds of times, all over the country, and it happens according to plan. It is a deliberate stratagem, intended to intimidate people who might otherwise respond positively to the message on our sticker. And the fact that our enemies use their “hate” smear against this particular message confirms what I mentioned a moment ago about their genocidal aims. Their first imperative really is to destroy our race. They don’t push for open borders because they love Black and Brown and Yellow immigrants. They do it because they want to destroy us. They don’t try to persuade teenaged White girls that it’s fashionable to date Blacks because they find the color combination aesthetically attractive. They do it because they want to destroy our people, our race, our civilization, our culture.
Now, if you think that I’m exaggerating about the reaction of the controlled media to my inoffensive, little stickers, just check it out for yourself. The National Alliance will send you a
13
package of 100 of these stickers, postpaid, for six dollars. Get a package of them, stick them up around your community, and then take one to your local newspaper, or send it by mail to your local television station, say that you have seen them stuck on walls and bulletin boards and power poles, and ask what the sticker is about. If you speak with an individual reporter, he or she may not have anything specific to tell you, but if your question elicits a public response from the newspaper or the television station, it invariably will refer to the sticker using the word “hate”: invariably it’s a “hate sticker” with a “hate message.”
I mean, really, there’s nothing that any reasonable person could consider “hateful” about asking for help in preserving our race. The aim of those who label this message as “hate” is to smear, to intimidate; it is intended to silence dissenters, to stifle dissent. And it is an unfortunate fact that fear of the smear usually is effective. It made John Rocker grovel and apologize. It is fear of the smear that silences many people who otherwise would respond positively or sympathetically to the message on my stickers. They see one of the stickers, and they think, “Hey, that’s right! The immigration situation is out of control. My race really is endangered. I would like to help preserve it I’d like to contact the National Alliance and see what I can do to help. But if I do, some Politically Correct person may report me to the media, and they will denounce me as a ‘hater.’ So I’d better just keep my mouth shut and pretend that I never saw this sticker.” That’s what happens all too often. People are intimidated by fear of the smear, and the media bosses planned it that way.
Someone sent me a copy of a television program that appeared last week on the Discovery Channel. It was a program about militias — and in particular about a militia group in
Missouri, the 51st Missouri Militia or something similar. Many of the militia members were interviewed, and many of them clearly share some of our concerns and opinions. The militia members all are concerned about the growing infringement of the gov-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
eminent on citizens’ rights. They all believe that it is right and proper for a free man to keep and bear arms. They all despise the Clinton government They all deplore the murder of Randy Weaver’s family on Ruby Ridge by the secret police in 1992, and they are appalled by Janet Reno’s holocaust of innocent women and children in the Branch Davidian church at Waco in 1993.
But they are nevertheless intimidated by the media’s power of the smear. They are scared to death of being called “haters.” In the program I saw they repeatedly stressed that they are' neither racists nor anti-Semites. The group was all White — at least, every one of the dozens of members shown in the program was White — but they apologized for this; they apologized and said that they were trying very hard to get Blacks interested in joining; they just hadn’t had any success yet: disgusting, really. And they just love Jews. They claim to see no connection at all between Jews and the government’s efforts to infringe their Second Amendment rights. They parrot the standard lie of a Second Amendment Judas organization, Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership, to the effect that the first thing Hider did when he became chancellor of Germany in 1933 was round up all the guns. It’s Nazis who are behind the gun-control movement, they claim, not Jews. And one of the leaders of the Missouri militia group stressed that membership in their militia is open to all religions and races. They welcome everyone — except racists and anti-Semites. They will not tolerate Nazis in their militia. It is painfully clear that they hope their membership policies will curry favor with the media. They are afraid of the smear and believe that they can avoid being smeared by being anti-racist and pro-Jewish.
Fortunately, however, not everyone is so intimidated that he averts his eyes from one of our “endangered species” stickers and hurries away in fear, lest someone sees him reading it. We have raised a rather unmanly crop of men in this generation — a crop appallingly deficient in civic courage
—	but there are still a few real men left
—	and a few proud White women too. The media bosses — the people who
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
want to destroy us — are concerned about this. And they have a plan for silencing those who are not intimidated by the fear of the smear. What they intend to do is oudaw us — or at least, make it illegal for us to say what we think. They are working hard on this on several fronts.
The concept of “hate crime” was introduced to the American public two decades ago by America’s most powerful Jewish pressure group, the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith: the ADL As is usually the case with Jewish plans, it was based on indirection and deceit. The first move was to persuade the politicians to enact legislation which would make any sort of vandalism directed at a church or other building used for religious purposes a new sort of crime, subject to more severe penalties than ordinary vandalism. A few people asked why we needed such a law, since vandalism already was against the law. Why did we need a special law defining vandalism against a church or synagogue as a more serious crime than ordinary vandalism? Well, the politicians were not about to quibble over such matters and risk being seen as anti-religious, so the ADL’s proposal quickly became law in several states. That was the first “hate crime” law.
The second move was a “model ethnic terrorism bill,” which the ADL peddled to various state legislatures where they had special clout. It would define as a new criminal offense an act of terrorism directed toward any member of a religious or ethnic minority. An act of terrorism could be a physical assault, or it could be the mere scrawling of graffiti which might be intimidating to members of a religious or ethnic minority. The New Jersey state legislature was happy to enact the ADL’s model ethnic terrorism bill into law. Again, some asked why the law was needed, but they were drowned out by the media, which were solidly in favor of such a law, and by the politicians, who were eager to comply.
The ADL now had its foot in the door, and with the aid of an unrelenting propaganda campaign by collaborators in the media began conditioning the public to accept the notion of “hate crime” as an especially despicable type of crime requiring new legislation and especially
severe punishment. The novel thing about dais notion is that a criminal prosecution can be based on the thoughts of the criminal rather than on his actions. This notion is abhorrent to Western ideas about justice, but in an increasingly multicultural America Western ideas and traditions carry less weight than in the past, and the notion of “hate crime” gained increasing public acceptance throughout the 1990s. “Hate crime” legislation already has been enacted in many states. So today, if I punch another White man in the nose, it’s a simple case of assault, a misdemeanor. But if I punch a Jew or a Black or a homosexual in the nose, it may be a much more serious matter. It may be a felony, and I may be punished much more severely than I would be for punching a White man. It all depends upon what I was thinking before and at the time I threw the punch. And to determine what I was thinking the government may inquire into my associations, my political and religious affiliations, my reading habits, even the type of music I listen to. Prosecutors may subpoena my friends and grill diem about my opinions on race, Jews, or homosexuality.
Other Jewish organizations have gotten on the “hate crime” bandwagon with the ADL, and they continue to push for even more “hate crime” legislation. We merely have to extrapolate the trend of the last decade to predict with confidence that the Jews will have state “hate crime” laws in every state as well as at the Federal level before the end of this decade. One expects the couch potatoes and lemmings to go along with whatever their television screens tell them. One expects this soulless, spineless crowd to swallow without protest whatever the Jews dish out. What is depressing to me is that the lawyers and judges and legislators — the people who should have opposed this perversion of our judicial system, this degradation of our legal system, with every bit of strength and influence they have — the lawyers have sat on their hands and kept their mouths shut from fear of the smear.
Well, that is far from the worst of it. The next phase — and they’re already well into this phase — is to
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
criminalize “hate speech.” It’s really not such a big step from the current “hate crime” laws, which base a man’s punishment for an offense on the type of books he reads, to “hate speech” laws, which punish a man for what he says or writes. Today the gov* emment can upgrade a misdemeanor offense to a felony if a man expresses opinions which the ADL deems “hateful.” Tomorrow, we will jail a man simply for expressing those opin-ions. For the past few years they’ve been teaching the trendier law commentators to prattle about how free speech never was an absolute thing anyway, because we never have had the right to shout “fire!” in a crowded theater, and so we really shouldn’t object to a few more little restrictions.
Now they’re playing the global angle: America, they’re telling us, is out of step with all of the more progressive countries of the world. Politically Incorrect speech already is criminalized in Canada, in the United Kingdom, in the Netherlands, in France, in Germany, and in most other White countries. The United States is lagging behind. We need to modernize our legal system in order to catch up with the rest of the world. And so on.
And you know, it’s not just the Jews pushing this effort to scrap the First Amendment. They have enlisted their usual assortment of allies: not just Gentile politicians on the make, but also the same sort of riff-raff and resentful haters who make up the Clinton coalition, people who have a grudge against White, heterosexual society, people who are smoldering inside with resentment against real or imagined slights they have suffered at the hands of White men who were free to speak their minds. The radical feminists are right up there with the Jews at the forefront of this effort to muzzle those who don’t agree with them.
More generally, the notion of not permitting people to write or say anything which may offend someone appeals to the feminine mentality, regardless of sex. Which is to say, there are all too many White men as well as women today who will agree with the media bosses that we really need to give up our right to offensive
FREE SPEECH for March 2000
Wo, I don't see any difference."
. .?A.:v-y*x >.;•¥<<>*;■
ADL ad promoting “hate crimes” legislation
speech in order to ensure tranquility in this increasingly multicultural society, where so many people are so easily offended. These feminine thinkers will assure you that they’re fully in favor of free speech; they’re 100 per cent supporters of the First Amendment. The only kind of speech they want to criminalize is offensive speech. Now, that’s not much worse than forbidding people to shout “fire!” in a crowded theater, is it7 And we’ll have so much more tranquility, we’ll be able to consume in so much more comfort and safety, if people are not permitted to offend each other. It’s worth it, isn’t it7
And it will be so easy, because we already have experts who will tell us just what speech is offensive, just what sort of speech people need to be locked up for.. Those nice Jewish boys at the Anti-Defamation League will do it for us, with the help of those nice Jewish boys at the Simon Wiesenthal Center and the Southern Poverty Law Center.
15
This whole business of preventing people from saying or writing “hateful” things has gained much urgency with the growth of the Internet. It used to be that people who wanted to say things the ADL considered offensive were limited to flyers and pamphlets, because other media were pretty well sewed up by people on the ADL’s side: people in the same tribe. But the Internet has changed all of that, at least for the moment. Now a person doesn’t have to be a billionaire, he doesn’t have to have enough money to buy his own TV network, in order to be able to tell the whole world what’s on his mind. The folks in the ADL consider that a very dangerous situation, and they’re working overtime to protect us from it. They’ve already developed an ADL “hate filter,” which they’re busy persuading public schools and libraries to install on all of their computers. This “hate filter” prevents students or library users from reading anything at a site the ADL experts deem to be offensive. Isn’t that nice of them?
Listen, we’re out of time today. I’ll talk more about this later, because it’s an extremely important subject Much more is at stake than the right of dissidents such as me to dissent. Our entire freedom is at stake and beyond that our racial survival. The nice Jewish boys at the ADL understand that, which is why they have a campaign against the Second Amendment in tandem with their campaign against the First Amendment We’d better understand it too.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Fear of the Smear,” aired on March 4, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Subscribe to Free Speech
Enclose $40 for a one year subscription to Free Speech
Name:
Address:!
WM

wk

Mali to:
National Vanguard Books BO. Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Bite
Your subscription helps to deep American Dissident Voices on the air.

ii
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year