FREE SPEECH • JANUARY 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. I
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Race Suicide
Dr. William Pierce
/V
What We Can Do
Dr. William Pierce
/V
Draw Your Own Conclusions
Dr. William Pierce
/■N*
MTV and Hate
Dr. William Pierce
Race Suicide
With the end of the year at hand this seems like a good time to sum things up. Before we sum up the past year, though, let’s look at the past century. The salient feature of the 20c 1 century was the collective suicide of the White race. In 1900 we ruled the world. We ruled politically, militarily, culturally, economically, scientifically, and in every other way. No other race even came close. We ruled India and Africa direcdy, and China was for all practical purposes an economic colony of Europe and America. The Chinese Emperor remained on his throne only so long as he let White men have their way in China. Japan was the only non-White nation of any significance that even had pretensions of autonomy.
We had superior weapons, superior armed forces, superior communications, superior transportation, superior agriculture and industry, superior standards of health, superior organization, superiority in every facet of science and technology. We had
the best universities — really, the only universities worthy of the name — the best engineers. We built things that other races couldn’t even imagine. We explored, we conquered, we ruled.
More important than anything else was our moral superiority — and please don’t misunderstand my use of
Too useful to do without?
that term. I don’t mean that we were meek and inoffensive and turned the other cheek. I mean that we were proud and selfconfident. We knew who we were, and we knew that we were far, far better than anyone else, and we weren’t at all embarrassed by the fact that we were better. We recognized racial differences in the same way we recognized that the sun rises in the east, and we felt not the slightest need to apologize to anyone for that Egalitarianism was a moral and mental disease that afflicted only a few of our people, despite the murderous outburst of egalitarian insanity that was the French Revolution a century earlier. Any sort of racial mixing was abhorrent Co us. We looked on miscegenation with the same disgust and disapproval as on bestiality or necrophilia. We didn’t tolerate it. And we didn’t accept or trust Jews. That was our situation a century ago.
We did have some faults, however: some very serious faults. We were not vigilant We were so confi-
2
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
dent in our superiority that we foiled to heed the warnings of the few among us who were vigilant We didn’t pay attention when a few warned us, “Hey, we’d better do something about the race problem. We have nine million non-Whites in the United States, according to the 1900 census, and in the future they could become a real problem for us. Let’s start getting rid of them now.”
We thought, “Well, as long as they stay on their side of town and stay out of sight, how can they be a problem for us? Besides, they’re useful for picking cotton and as cleaning women and cooks and gardeners.”
And when a few warned us about the Jews we also didn’t pay attention. A few warned us about the damage the Jews had done to us in the past, about their malevolence, about their growing wealth, but most of us didn’t take the warnings seriously. We saw the Jews as obnoxious and unpleasant people, and we didn’t let them into our private clubs and our better hotels, but we didn’t consider them really dangerous. We didn’t even become alarmed when they began buying up our newspapers and elbow-ing their way into other propaganda media.
And lack of vigilance wasn’t our only fault. We were too ready to quarrel with one another. No other race was seen as a threat to ours, so we felt no need to suppress our internal rivalries and jealousies and hatreds and form a solid front against the non-White world. We let fester old rivalries between the English and the Germans and between the Germans and the French and between the English and the Boers in South Africa and between those of us who spoke Germanic languages and those of us who spoke Slavic or Romance languages. We didn’t notice our faults, our weaknesses — but others did.
The latter half of the 19 century saw not only the beginning of the acquisition of our mass media by the Jews, but also the nearly simultaneous hatching of two long-term, murderous conspiracies designed to exploit our weaknesses and turn them against us. These two conspiracies were Zionism and Marxism. Some Jews went with one, some with the other, but both were deadly for us.
The Marxists issued their Communist Manifesto as for back as the
Theodor Herzl
middle of the 19n century, but it was another 50 years before they were able to have much of an impact on the Gentile world. As for the Zionists, they also began propagandizing and organizing about the middle of the
19 1 century and only became noticeable at the beginning of the 20^ century, when they began having international Zionist congresses and more or less openly laying their plans to foment wars and revolutions, of which they could take advantage Co promote Jewish interests.
For example, at the Zionist Congress in 1897, in Basel, Switzerland, the Zionist leader Theodor Herzl told his fellow Jews that they were having trouble persuading the Turks, who at that time controlled Palestine, to turn the country over to them, but that the Jewish leaders had plans for getting around the Turks. And I should mention that Herzl’s address to the 1897 Zionist Congress has been published in a number of places, ana any diligent researcher can dig up a copy. Herzl said:
"It may be that Turkey will refuse us or will be unable to understand us. This will not discourage us. We will seek other means to accomplish our end. The Orient question is now a question of the day. Sooner or later it will bring about a conflict
among the nations.... The great European war must come. With my watch in hand do I await this terrible moment. After the great European war is ended the peace conference will assemble. We must be ready for that time."
Remember, Herzl was talking about the Jews’ plans 17 years before the outbreak of the First World War. But the Jews were ready when the time came. In 1916, with the war more or less stalemated, they approached Britain’s political leaders and made a deal to bring the United States into the war on the side of Britain in return for a British promise to take Palestine away from Turkey and turn it over to the Jews after the war. The British side of the deal was made public in the so-called Balfour Declaration. And the Zionists kept their end of the bargain by working through Jews close to the Democratic President of the United States, Wood-row Wilson. Wilson had won the election to his second term in the White House in 1916 by promising America’s voters that he would keep the United States out of the European war. But as soon as he took office in 1917 he began scheming to get the country into the war on the side of Britain, which, of course, he did two months later. That cost a couple of million additional Gentile lives, but it got Palestine for the Jews — and it also prolonged the war enough for the Jews in Russia to topple the czar and get their communist revolution off the ground.
When I said that some Jews took the Marxist route and some the Zionist route, I didn’t mean that all Jews became active workers in one or the other of those movements. Most Jews remained full-time money-grubbers and provided propaganda and financial support for their conspiratorial brethren, continuing to buy up mass media and to dispense capital to the Zionists or the communists as needed. And they didn’t wait for the First World War for that. The first big Gentile bloodletting of the last century in which they had a hand was the Boer War in South Africa, between the British and the Boers. This cruel and murderous war, in which Jewish capitalists were allied with British capitalists against South Africa’s Dutch and German and French formers — the Boers — laid the foundations for Jewish control of much of Africa’s mineral wealth.
© 2001 • National Vanguatd Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
3
In 1904 the Jewish Wall Street speculator Jacob Schiff, planning ahead for a communist takeover of Russia, helped to finance the Japanese side in the Russian-Japanese war and used his influence to block loans to the Czar’s government from America. This was the same Jacob Schiff who a little more than a decade later provided the Jewish-Bolshevik movement with an infusion of $25 million to finish the job in Russia: that’s $25 million from capitalist Wall Street to finance the communist butchery of Gentile Russians. In 1917 $25 million was a lot of money; in any case it bought enough bombs and bullets and communist propaganda leaflets to get the job done.
Now, none of this Jewish activity was really secret. The lemmings didn’t know about it, because it wasn’t in the funny papers or the movies. But Jews weren’t even trying to keep their sympathies or their activities secret, and observant Gentiles continued to issue warnings to anyone who would listen. But, as I said a moment ago, we weren’t vigilant. White Americans didn’t believe that they were in any danger. Things such as the deal to bring America into the First World War in return for the turning of Palestine over to the Jews were too subde for the American mind.
After the war the mass murder of Ukrainians and Russians by Jewish-Bolshevik commissars might possibly have registered with White Americans, except the average White American didn’t think of Russians and Ukrainians as real people: they spoke a different language and dressed dif-ferendy from us. And besides, by that time the Jews had gotten a pretty good grip on Hollywood and the broadcasting industry, and so the only side of the story that most Americans were allowed to see or hear was the Jewish side.
Europeans were more vigilant than Americans. For one thing Europeans had longer memories: they were more aware of the long history of Jewish scheming and predation than Americans were. For another thing, in Europe the danger was quite a bit closer. Communist parties in a number of European countries besides Russia had taken advantage of the chaos in the wake of the war to make grabs for power, and in a few countries — Hungary, for example — they
Jacob Schiff
succeeded temporarily. People noticed the ethnicity of the commissars and were horrified by their behavior toward the Gentile populations. Even in insular Britain no less a public figure than Winston Churchill spoke out clearly about the danger of Jewish communism. In a full-page feature article in the February 8, 1920, issue of London’s Illustrated Sunday Her-aid, Churchill wrote:
This movement among the Jews is not new. From the days of Spartacus-Weis-shaupt to those of Karl Marx, and down to Trotsky in Russia, Bela Kun in Hungary, Rosa Luxembourg in Germany, and Emma Goldman in the United States, this worldwide conspiracy for the overthrow of civilization ana the reconstitution of society on the basis of arrested development, of envious malevolence, and impossible equality has been steadily growing. It playea ... a definitely recognizable part in the tragedy of the French Revolution. It has been the mainspring of every subversive movement during the nineteenth century; and now at last this band of extraordinary personalities from the underworld of the great cities of Europe and America have gripped the Russian people by the hair of their heads and have become practically the undisputed masters of that enormous empire.
There is no need to exaggerate the part played in the creation of Bolshevism and in the actual bringing about of the Russian Revolution by these international and for the most part atheistical Jews. It is certainly a very great one; it probably outweighs all others. With the notable exception of Lenin, the majority of the leading figures are Jews. Moreover, the principal inspiration and driving power comes from tne Jewish leaders. Thus Tch-itcherin, a pure Russian, is eclipsed by his nominal subordinate Litvinofr, and the influence of Russians like Bukharin or Lunacharski cannot be compared with the power of Trotsky or of Zinovieff ... or of
Krassin or Radek — all Jews. In the Soviet institutions the predominance of Jews is even more astonishing. And the prominent, if not indeed the principal, part in the system of terrorism applied by the Extraordinary Commission for Combating Counter-Revolution [the ChekaJ has been taken by Jews, and in some notable cases by Jewesses. The same evil prominence was obtained by Jews in the brief period of terror during which Bela Kun ruled in Hungary. The same phenomenon has been resented in Germany (especially in avaria), so far as this madness has been allowed to prey upon the temporary prostration of the German people. Although in all these countries there are many non-Jews every whit as bad as the worst of the Jewish revolutionaries, the part played by the latter in proportion to their numbers in the population is astonishing."
Actually, Churchill said quite a bit more in this article about the dangers of allowing Jewish communism to go unchecked, and if you really want to make a study of the background of our present mess you should read the entire article yourself. That’s the February 8, 1920, issue of the Illustrated Sunday Herald. If you can’t find it yourself in a large research library, the entire article is photographically reproduced in the book The Best of Attack! and National Vanguard Tabloid, which is available from National Vanguard Books, the sponsor of this program. And when you do find the article from which I just read — a major article written by one of the most prominent personalities of the last century and published in a major British newspaper — you might ask yourself why you had never heard of it before I called it to your attention.
As I said, we lacked vigilance. A few people paid attention — America’s pioneer automaker Henry Ford, for example — but most White Americans were too busy with their ball games and funny papers. And we didn’t really care about what the Jews were doing to White people overseas, since they weren’t Americans. About the only people who really paid attention were the Germans, who resolved not to let the Jews do to them what they had done to the Russians and had tried to do to the Hungarians. So they proceeded to get Rosa Luxembourg and her pals off their backs and out of Germany. And when the Germans did that, the Jews in America began screaming bloody murder and calling for another world war to save them from the Germans. And by this time
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2001

the Jews had almost a monopoly on getting their side of the story to the American public.
Well, our people had one other fault in addition to an inadequate sense of racial solidarity with other Whites around the world and a lack of vigilance: we also lacked responsible leadership. We lacked even a system for giving us responsible leadership. What we had were politicians: skilled liars — actors, lawyers — who never asked themselves, “What policy is good for our people?” but only, “How can I get elected? What must I promise the people in order to get their votes? What policy will make me popular?” And as the grip of the Jews on the mass' media, on Hollywood and Madison Avenue — and therefore on the minds of the public — became more and more nearly complete throughout the last century, the question the politicians asked themselves became, more and more: “What must I do to please the Jews and gain their support7”
And so in 1933, in the same year that a German government took office with a policy of freeing the German people from the grip of the Jews, in America a government took office with a policy of doing whatever the Jews wanted done. Franklin Roosevelt surrounded himself with more Jews than any previous American President In this regard he was the Bill Clinton of his day.
Using Roosevelt as their willing tool, the Jews pulled the same sort of bait-and-switch trick on the American people to get us into the Second World War that they had pulled using Woodrow Wilson to get us into the First World War. Just as Wilson had done 24 years earlier, Roosevelt ran for re-election in 1940 on a campaign promise to keep the United States out of the war in Europe, and while he was making that promise to the American people he was actively scheming with his Jewish advisors and supporters to get the United States into the war as soon as he could, and meanwhile to keep the war in Europe going by making promises of support to those countries opposed to Germany.
It was fighting on the wrong side of that war, more than anything else, that laid us low. It also destroyed the British Empire and laid Britain low. Throughout the non-White world
George Bush
Whites began abdicating their rule, withdrawing, apologizing. The disease of egalitarianism spread like wildfire. There was a moral collapse throughout the White world. It wasn’t just the German people who lost the Second World War; it was all Europeans, all White people, including European-Americans.
The Jews were the only real winners. The First World War resulted in opening up Palestine for their Zionist faction and delivering Russia to their communist faction. The Second World War not only saved them from getting booted out of Europe by Hitler, it delivered all of eastern and much of central Europe to their communist faction and finished delivering Palestine to their Zionist faction. The war cost them a million or so of the less-nimble Jews in Europe, but it gave them the basis for their enormously profitable “Holocaust” story, with which they have beaten the White world over the head ever since.
And so today we have George Bush trying to outdo Bill Clinton in multiculturalizing the government of
the United States. Conservative Americans, patriotic Americans, put their hope in Bush to pull America back from the insanity of the Clinton era, and the first thing Bush does is try to ingratiate himself with the Clin-tonistas, with the Jews, by appointing non-Whites to the most important posts in his administration.
Read the man’s lips. What he’s saying is: “Hey, I’m really not such a bad guy. See, I’m appointing Blacks, I’m appointing Jews, I’m appointing Mexicans. And the Blacks and Mexicans I’m appointing are just as prO-Jewish as I am. My tough-talking Black secretary of state speaks Yiddish and will support Jewish interests around the world just as strongly as Bill Clinton’s Jewish secretary of state has done. You can trust me. I’ll do whatever you tell me. I’ll support Israel. I’ll support ‘speech crime’ laws. I’m your man.” And he’s not saying that, he’s not making these appointments, because that’s what Republicans want or even what Americans want. It’s what the Jews want George Bush is a hollow man, an empty man.
And George Bush is a splendid symbol of the state of our race today: a splendid symbol of our moral collapse during the past century. It is entirely fitting that such a man should be our figurehead leader as we continue on the course of racial suicide that we have been on for the past century. It is entirely appropriate that he became our figurehead leader through the comic-opera sort of process we have witnessed during the last two months of the first year of this century — which certainly will be our last century if we do not make a radical change of course soon and begin regaining our lost moral strength.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Race Suicide,” aired on December 23, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year

FREE SPEECH for January 2001
5
What We Can
One of the more common responses I receive from listeners goes something like this: “OK, you’ve com vinced us that we have some very seri-ous problems, but you never tell us what we should do about these problems.’’
Two weeks ago I spoke in general terms about the sort of White world we want to have in the future, and again 1 received many letters along the line, “I agree with your vision of the future, but you didn’t tell us how to get from here to there.”
But, of course, I have often talked with you about what we must do. Sometimes, I should admit, what I tell you is very general. Two weeks ago, for example, I told you that the new, White world we want can only rise out of hard and bloody struggle. That’s not very specific. But in other broadcasts I have been specific. 1 have talked specifically about some of the things we must do to get from here to there.
I think that the people who com* plain that I never give solutions to the problems I present are looking at the world a little differendy than I am. When they say, “Tell us how to get from here to there,” what they really want me to tell them is a safe, easy, and painless way to get from here to there: a quick and sure way. And, of course, I cannot tell them that, because there is no such way. We have gotten ourselves into a really bad mess, and it inevitably will cost us an enormous amount of blood and suffering to recover from it — if we are able to recover at all. I don’t talk much about the specifics of the blood and suffering because, for one thing, that will come a bit later, and we don’t want to get too for ahead of ourselves.
For another thing, in these soft and comfortable times, most people just can’t cope with really hard concepts. I had a letter a couple of days ago from a listener who said that he agreed with most of my broadcast, but that I was too “extreme” in talking about remedies. He thought that my suggestion that welfare mothers should be sterilized was horrible — “over the top” was the expression he used — ana that it certainly would turn off people who otherwise would be receptive to my vision of the future.
Well, all I can say to that is that if he finds the thought of sterilizing welfare mothers to le “over the top,” he’ll have a hard time coping with the terrible reality which lies ahead of us. He’s like one of those gende and civilized folks who appreciates the bacon he eats with his breakfast but can’t bear to think about the bloody details of how the bacon got from the pig happily rooting in the farmyard to his late. Sterilizing welfare mothers will e one of the kinder and gender things we will be obliged to do.
Anyway, there’s not much point in debating such remedies now, because we’re not yet in a position to implement them, and we don’t want to get too far ahead of ourselves. We need merely to understand that our struggle will be long and difficult and will involve many things so far “over the top” that they would cause our more comfortable and civilized listeners to swoon if we got into the details now.
The specific remedies that we want to talk about in detail are the things that we actually can do — or begin doing — now. And the thing that I have spoken about over ana over again is communication. Nothing else that we try to do has any chance of getting us from here to there unless we first have acquired the ability to communicate effectively with our people. He who controls the means of communication with the public controls the future.
And as I have said at least 50 times in these broadcasts, that is why the Jews, as soon as they began arriving in he United States in the 1890s, began establishing themselves in our mass media. They didn’t buy up farmland. They didn’t try to get a monopoly in tne railroad or steamship business. They didn’t try to build a strong position for themselves in the munitions industry or in kitchen appliances. Instead they began buying up our big-city newspapers. By the beginning of the last century they owned the New York Times. They acquired the Washington Post at a bankruptcy sale during the Great Depression. As soon as the motion picture business began showing its products in theatres, the Jews swarmed into Hollywood and elbowed out all of the Gentiles except Walt Disney; they had to wait until ne
Do
died to take over the Walt Disney Company. In the 1920s they began taking over the radio broadcasting industry. When commercial television came on the scene at the end of the Second World War, they controlled it from the beginning.
None of this was an accident From the beginning they knew what they were doing. They understood that in order to control and corrupt and exploit our society, they must first control the channels of communication. It was as instinctive as a tick finding its way from the tall grass onto a passing dog and burrowing in. It is why they are working so strenuously now to censor the Internet and to persuade the government Co enact legislation against “speech crime.” In America they still are playing a double game, with some Jews pretending Co be supporters of the first Amendment while other Jews are busy persuading the lemmings that the First Amendment ought to be abolished, but in every country where “speech crime” legislation has been enacted since the Second World War, the Jews are solidly in favor of that legislation and are the most active agitators for the prosecution of “speech criminals,” the suppression of banned books, the rigid censorship of the Internet, and every other means to keep dissidents from challenging the Jews’ control of the flow of information to the public.
So again, our very specific plan for getting from here to the kina of White world we want is to break the grip of our people’s enemies on the flow of information and ideas and to develop our own media for communicating with the people. That may sound prosaic. It may sound dull because it doesn’t involve marching in the streets or shooting, but it is absolutely necessary. By itself, of course, it is not enough. But it is the first step. We must be able to inform our people, we must be able to motivate our people, we must be able eventually to move our people — but first we must be able to communicate effectively with them. Without effective and continuing communication, nothing else is possible. And, difficult as it is to fight the lies of the Jews when they already have such a grip on the minds of the lemmings through their media control, it is possible for us also to communicate. By directing our efforts
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
Rapist and killer, Jonathan Carr
toward the two or three per cent of our people who still are able to think for themselves rather than toward the lemmings, we are beginning to make a small difference. Through these radio broadcasts and our books and the music we distribute to young peo-pie. we are informing people and influencing their thinking, and the Jews hate it.
Let me give you a very specific example of why it is so important to be able to communicate with the peo-pie. It*s also an example of the enor-mous power of the communications media to influence the perceptions — and therefore the attitudes and opin-ions and behavior — of the public, for pod or for evil. Just two weeks ago I card a very brief snippet of news on the CNN Headline News program that 1 watch for at least ten minutes every day. The news announcer mentioned
dally the fact that there were no pictures. no faces of victims or murderers, on the most widely watched television news program in the country. Two quadruple murders in a week in a Midwestern town the size of Wichita, and CNN has nothing to say about it.7 That’s equivalent to two massacres of 40 people each in Chicago in a week.
You know what I thought7 I was immediately suspicious that there must be something Politically Incorrect about those murders, some racial angle, perhaps, that the Jewish media bosses had decided we didn’t need to be told about So I asked some of my people to see what they could find out from Wichita-area news sources. And within a couple of days I had a stack of news reports on my desk from the local newspaper, the Wichita Eagle, and I also had photographs of the victims and of the murderers. And then I understood why the Jewish media bosses in New York had decided to keep Americans outside the area right around Wichita from knowing about the murders, why they had decided to keep telling us, over and over and over again, about the latest dispute over dimpled ballots in Florida, rather than telling us about the terrible
Rapist and killer, Reginald Carr
things that happened on a cold night just terrible, but also terribly impoH
in Wichita just a few days ago — not
ago -blv i i
cant.
chat che second quadruple murder in jus
Wichita, Kansas, and chat the police
>nd quad ru pi lust eight days had taken place in
had two suspects in custody. Ana that was it: no details and no pictures. I thought that certainly there would be details and pictures on later news reports. But in the following days there was no further mention of che quadruple murders in Wichita. And, as I said, I watch the CNN Headline News by satellite every day — in fact, often twice a day; once in che morning and once in the evening.
Now, cynic that I am, mat sort of behavior always
ma
by the Jewish news media axes me suspicious; espe-
So I’ll tell you what happened. On the evening of December 14 five young people — three men and two women — were together in a Wichita house. One of the young women, Suzanne Muller, was a Wichita State University student. Two of the people in the house were high school teachers; they were 26-year-old Jason Befort and his 25-year-old fiancee. The other two young men, Bradley Heyka and Aaron Sander, were friends of Befort and shared the house with him. Sander, 29 years old, was preparing to become a priest. He and Suzanne Muller were dating. All five of the young people in the house that evening were clean-cut, clean-living, all-American types.
At about 11:00 PM two Black males suddenly showed up at the door with a pistol and forced their way into the house. They led all five of the Whites out of the house and drove them away in two vehicles. One of the vehicles was Jason Befort’s new pickup. The Blacks drove them around for several hours, stopping at several automatic teller machines,
where they forced the Whites to withdraw money. At about 2:00 AM Friday the Blacks drove to a snow-covered soccer field outside Wichita. There the Blacks made the White women undress, and then both Blacks took turns raping the two White women. When they had finished, they made all five Whites kneel in the snow in a line, then went down the line and shot each of them in the back of the head.
After that the two Blacks drove back to the house where Befort, Heyke, and Sander had lived and ransacked it, stealing television sets, a VCR, and other personal belongings of the victims. Before they left they killed Befort’s pet dog.
One of their victims was not dead, however. Befort’s 25-year-old fiancee regained consciousness shordy after the Blacks drove away from the soccer field. Despite having been shot in the back of the head, she ran naked through the snow in the sub-freezing night for a mile, until she found a house where a White couple lived who let her in when she pounded on the door and cried for help. She was able to describe the Black rapists and killers and their vehicle to the police, and both were arrested a few hours later. The two are brothers, and both have long criminal records. They are typical lowlife Blacks, one with dreadlocks and the other with his hair in corn rows. One was released from jail just a few days before the killings.	I
C 2001 • National Vanguard Booh • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
7
Heather Muller
That’s the story that the media bosses decided didn’t merit national coverage. And it wasn’t just CNN that killed the story. I spoke to several people who watch the news regularly on other networks, and no one had heard about the Wichita murders. I’m not surprised. That’s just the way it is with Black-on-White crime, no matter how atrocious. The media bosses simply don’t want any information going out to the White public that might cause any of us to question the wisdom or tne rightness of the continued multiculturalizing of America, or that might cause any of us to realize that we re under attack and need to think about protecting ourselves.
Well, there’s at least one other aspect of this tragedy in Wichita that deserves our attention. All of the victims were able-bodied White people, three young men and two young women. None was a cripple. One of the young men, Jason Befort, the high school teacher, also was a basketball coach. And yet none of them put up any resistance. They let two Blacks lead all five of them out of their house and drive away with them. The three White men stood and watched while the two Blacks took turns raping their women. They ail knelt obediendy in the snow and let themselves be shot in the back of the head, one at a time. Why?
It’s true that they all were Christians. It’s true that the priest who conducted the funeral Mass for Jason Befort made a point of telling everyone at the funeral that they should not seek vengeance but instead should forgive the killers. But, you know, Christians didn’t used to be such pan-
sies. And it is a shameful fact that many of our young men today who are not especially religious also are not very manly. It’s not just the Christians who have let themselves be persuaded that not only is it wrong to defend yourself, but that it’s especially wicked to defend yourself against a non-White. To refuse to give a Black anything he demands is tantamount to racism. Really, there’s a substantial portion of the White population in America who really would nave mixed feelings about defending themselves against a Black intruder in their homes. They would stand by and watch a Black rape a wife, a daughter, or a sister before they would shoot the Black.
That sort of moral depravity is not all the result of Christian preaching. Most of it comes from the Jewish media, from Hollywood films and television entertainment programs which condition susceptible elements of the public not to be hostile to Blacks, not to resist Blacks, not to defend themselves against Blacks. In Wichita, where the media bosses couldn’t conceal the rapes and murders which took place there two weeks ago, Whites flooded into Wichita gun stores to purchase firearms for home protection. The Jewish media bosses don’t want White people in other parts of the country doing the same thing. They don’t want Whites deciding to protect themselves. They don’t want their media conditioning undone by reality. That’s why they suppress news that doesn’t serve their purpose.
And that’s why it’s essential for us to be able to stymie their efforts at suppression of the news. We can’t do much for the lemmings at this time, of course. The only information they receive comes from network television. They never look for information elsewhere. They don’t want to know anything else. But there are three or four or five million White people in America who still are able to think for themselves and who do want to understand what’s happening. We’re reaching a growing number of these erceptive people every week. After we ave reached and informed and motivated enough of them, we’ll be able to begin reaching the lemmings. But we must do things a step at a time. We must build our ability to communicate with our people.
I’ll give you another example of the way we already are able to communicate effectively with those of our
Bradly Heyka
people able to think for themselves, in addition to exposing the suppression of news about Black-on-White crime. One of the Jews’ most important and powerful assets is their “Holocaust’^ story. Not only do they use it to extort tens of billions of dollars in so-called “reparations” from the Gentile world for wrongs they claim were done to them sixty years ago, but they use it to shield themselves from criticism or scrutiny. If I criticize their control of our news and entertainment media, for example, then I am just like one of those awful Nazis who shoved six million innocent Jews into “gas ovens” during the Second World War. That’s why most
Eeople are afraid of being accused of eing anti-Jewish. They are afraid of the ^Holocaust” story.
The Jews understand this, of course, and so they protect their “Holocaust” story jealously. That’s why the “Holocaust” is not subject to examination. If, for example, some scholar, some historical researcher, comes along and says, “I wonder whether it was exacdy six million Jews who were shoved into gas ovens. Perhaps it was only five million. Perhaps not every Jew who died perished in a gas oven. Perhaps some of them died in other ways. I think I’ll investigate the matter and find out exacdy what the details were.” Anyone who says that is attacked as a “Holocaust denier.” They never accuse him of being a “Holocaust examiner” or a “Holocaust scholar.” They always call him a “Holocaust denier.” They portray him as some sort of nut-case flat-earth theorist who believes that no Jews died during the war, that there
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
Jason Befort
were no concentration camps, that there was no persecution of Jews, that there was no “Holocaust.” That’s what's implied by the label "Holocaust denier.” And it’s a fraudulent label, a crooked label.
Virtually no one believes that no Jews were killed during the Second World War. But plenty of people who have looked into the matter understand that things didn’t happen quite the way the Jews and their collaborators say they happened. But if such a knowledgeable person begins talking about wnat he knows, then he is discredited by all of the media under Jewish control as a “Holocaust denier." The lemmings believe die accusation without question. But per-
ceptive people can see that it is a fraudulent accusation. They can see that there is a big difference between questioning the details of the “Holocaust” and denying that any Jews at all were killed or persecuted.
And that’s exacdy why I talk so often about the “Holocaust” in my broadcasts. It’s an easy and convincing illustration of the basic crookedness of the Jewish media bosses. Once a perceptive person sees the way in which the Jewish media ffaudu-lendy use the term “Holocaust denier,” he is much better able to understand and believe my assertion that the suppression of the news about what happened in Wichita two weeks ago was no fluke, it was deliberate and malevolent The news was suppressed because the Jews want to keep the White public morally disarmed so that they can more easily destroy us.
Five years ago i had a hard time getting people — even intelligent and perceptive people — to understand that Today there are hundreds of thousands of people in America who understand that, and the number is growing every week, and an important reason why this understanding is growing is that my ability to communicate with the public has grown.
So if you ask me, “How do we get from here to there? Tell us what we can actually do about our problems,” then my answer is, we can continue building our ability to communicate effectively with people of good will
Aaron Sander
who are able to think for themselves. And then one day we will be able to communicate with the lemmings too. And when we are able to do that, we will be able to do everything else that must be done. That’s what fm doing. And as for what you can do: you can help me. I do need your support
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “What We Can Do,” aired on December 30, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Draw Your Own Conclusions
Two weeks ago I told you about the atrocious murders of four young White men and women in Wichita, Kansas, last month by two Blacks. Two of my reasons for telling you about these murders were, first, the feet that the controlled news media in America had imposed a total blackout, outside the Wichita area, on the news of these atrocious crimes; and second, the feet that the Whites who were murdered didn’t resist the Blacks who murdered them, and I wanted to draw a lesson from this failure to resist.
Well, another two weeks have passed, and the national Jewish news media have maintained their total blackout on the murders — and during this time 1 have learned a few
more details about the crimes which accentuate both points 1 made two weeks ago. What I told you in my earlier broadcast was that two Black brothers, 20-year-old Jonathan Carr and 23-year-old Reginald Carr, invaded a White home in Wichita on the evening of December 14, kidnapped the three White men and two White women in the home, all of them in their 20s, forced them to withdraw money from several ATM machines, then drove to a snow-covered soccer field on the outskirts of Wichita.
There the Blacks raped the two White women, then tola all five of the Whites to kneel in the snow and shot them in the back of the head, one at a time. After that the two
Blacks returned to the Whites’ home, burglarized it, and killed a pet dog they found there: a small, gray terrier.
One of the young White women they shot in the head didn’t die however. She regained consciousness, ran naked and bleeding through the snow for a mile, and summoned police, who arrested the Blacks a few hours later. That’s what the Jewish media bosses decided we didn’t need to hear about, and they clamped a complete blackout on the story on December 15. In eager collaboration with the Jewish media, local authorities — local politicians — also imposed an embargo on all news about the affair. The local female district attorney, Nola Foulston, repeatedly asserted that race was not a factor, and that the
©	2001 • National	Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 •	$40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
9
rapes and murders would not be treated as “hate crimes.”
What I have learned recendy is that after the two Blacks drove the five Whites to the soccer field, they not only forced the White women to strip and then raped them, but they also forced all of the Whites to put on a sex show for the amusement of the Blacks. On that snowy soccer field they forced the White men to engage in homosexual acts; they forced the White women to have sex with each other; and they forced the White men to have sex with the White women before shooting all of them. After the Blacks forced the Whites to kneel naked in the snow and shot them in the back of the head, they deliberately ran over them with one of the vehicles they were driving. This additional information was leaked from the grand jury which heard the evidence in the case, despite the official news embargo.
Furthermore, three days earlier the same two Blacks murdered another White woman, Ann Walenta, a cellist in the Wichita Symphony Orchestra, while she was sitting in her car outside her home. And four days before that, on December 7, they kidnapped, robbed, and pistol-whipped a White man, 23-year-old Andrew Schreiber, the manager of a Wichita convenience store.
Nothing racial about any of that, right7 And certainly nothing that the White public should be told about, right? I mean, it’s certainly not as newsworthy as the dragging death of a Black ex-convict in Jasper, Texas, in 1998 by three White ex-convicts, is it7 I mean, the Jasper killing was given top billing by all of the controlled news media in America — and in Europe as well — for two years, and the racial angle was emphasized over and over and over again: hardened White racists drag innocent Black man to death. So obviously the murders and rapes of five White people in Wichita by a couple of underprivileged and misguided Black youths doesn’t need any news coverage. Enough news already about interracial crime, right? No need to exacerbate racial tensions, right?
Well, that^s one of the points I wanted to accentuate. The other point is the total lack of resistance of the White victims. It now seems that the two Blacks were armed only with a
the arronv	MM
Ikin''« W »» (Owiml to d««M *	vmaU ncHHIng mo
«Ni»o (a nrtok« It low N*w YorV» r*mbq* JtuMprd feaHooL ■ '|M wfwiri tntgmiy	#nd b>m*	kMMhiK	nwm,
Sffibpoft	Bmw her dtoMmm at Avar
■tmndmo atHinir/BjMmtdanco jjjj '	w;I*"
gwWtoirt hf* Mdm.ip	rniTil
of Chte4^|»	Smlfe Mv« hw Dad
on Mb’ tuafc'	n •*»*♦*•*«#*»/ ■■
Know*. Har MhooT* • totally	worfeMtOi*	i*«
mmm* town	but Bmrm'* qutok oo»r*Bb*o*<«
and Mawy	j #nd P	g
A^nmMMip M MraloHMalfalno ChatUMa. »ut If* Char^ii«>al hwrthar. Oaiafc. eoar^nd oqmMoofcina atar of ina
«*•*>•	'ananilnn.	Ha	isrfaya	u	ix>	to.«oh,
but ha a»»r> baa iba amaita and a plan to no ib fn«Mboa« ■ j
Whan ChanMa iak«a (Upra to •mihhhi, iha n+iQhboniood

Save the Last Dance presents the ridiculous and poisonous story of a White girl from a small town going to an inner city Black school where she is well-treated and finds romance.
.380 caliber semiautomatic pistol. All of the killings were done with that same gun, and the police are still looking for it. Now, you certainly can be killed with a .380, especially if you’re shot in the back of the head at close range, but it’s not much of a man-stopper. It’s a pretty anemic caliber, and it’s only used because it’s small and can be carried concealed easily. It’s a ladies’ gun. And yet three able-bodied White men let two Blacks armed only with a .380 pistol force them to stand and watch their women being raped and degraded and even to participate in the degradation themselves. And then they Knelt obediendy in the snow and let themselves and their women be slaughtered, one at a time.
That’s really embarrassing. One expects more of a White man. This sort of sheep-like behavior reminds me of a scene in one of my novels, HunterJ in which a group of White office workers kneel obediendy on the floor and let a Black with a straight razor go down the line and slit their throats, one at a time. In my novel the Whites submit because they have been conditioned by the Jewish mass media not to resist Blacks. They have been conditioned to regard any resistance to Blacks as “racist” When I wrote Hunter 12 years ago, I was concerned that perhaps I was getting a bit ahead of myself, and that to portray Whites as so strongly conditioned by the Jewish media that they would meekly let themselves be butchered by Blacks would not be credible to my readers. I asked myself, will most Americans believe that Jewish media
propaganda can have that strong an effect on people? Well, I worried about it at the time, but I left the scene in the book, and what happened in Wichita last month suggests that I really wasn’t getting too far ahead of myself after all. That’s a real shame.
Now let’s talk about Jewish media propaganda for a while. Is it fair of me to describe it as deliberate, calculated psychological conditioning designed to demoralize White people — and to emasculate White men in particular? Am I imagining things in believing that the mass media are slanted deliberately by the people who control them, with the aim of weakening White people and softening them up for the slaughter? Do I believe such things only because I don’t like Jews and am therefore too ready to attribute bad motives to them?
Some listeners think that is the case. Some people suggest to me that the attitudes portrayed by the Jews in the entertainment they produce for White people simply reflects their prejudices, but that there’s no purpose behind it to corrupt or weaken us. Nearly all Jews are liberals, they tell me, and so it is natural that they produce films and television shows that portray liberal attitudes. And I suppose, following that line of reasoning, that the way in which they cover the news for us also is simply an unconscious reflection of Jewish likes and dislikes, with no ulterior motives behind it.
Other listeners suggest to me that I am putting the cart before the horse to blame Jewish media propaganda for changing public attitudes and opinions. What the Jews put into their Hollywood films and television programming is simply a reflection of life in America, they tell me. Americans have become more liberal, they tell me, and the Jews of Hollywood and Madison Avenue simply are following that trend, not leading it. After all, they say, the Jews are businessmen, and they’re just giving the American people what they want. And the same thing applies to the news. If the American public really wanted to know what happened in Wichita last month, then the Jewish media bosses certainly would have told them. But Americans don’t want to hear that kind of news, they tell me. That sort of news has a racist fla-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
vor to it, and it makes Americans uncomfortable. That’s the only reason the Wichita story wasn’t covered; Americans didn’t want to hear about it. On the other hand, they were interested in the Jasper, Texas, dragging story. Americans felt that sort of story needed to be told in order to help fight racism. That’s why the Jewish media told it. . . and told it. . . and told it
Anyway, that’s what some people tell me in order to explain why the Jewish media do what they do: why they suppress some news and exaggerate other news. Personally, I don’t believe it. 1 believe that the Jewish media lead the trends instead of following them. 1 believe that the Jewish media bosses have a propaganda agenda. I believe that they use their control of the news and entertainment media in a calculated way to shape public attitudes and influence public behavior in America deliberately in order to achieve goals of their own. And I believe that those Jewish goals are inimical to our people.
But you know, you should decide that for yourself. You shouldn’t just take my word for it. Yesterday a new Jewish film premiered. The name is Save the Last Dance. The film was made joindy by Paramount Pictures and MTV Films, both of which are subsidiaries of the Viacom Corporation. The Viacom Corporation is run by — and largely owned by — Jewish media boss Sumner Redstone, who was known to his parents as Murray Rothstein. And Redstone also acquired CBS recendy, making him one of the top three media bosses in America — all three of them Jews, of course. Redstone has staffed his media empire with Jews from top to bottom. He has put in a Jewess, Sherry Lansing, as president of Paramount Pictures, for example. And Viacom’s MTV division, which specializes in interracial entertainment for trendy young White people, is well represented by the executive there who has handled the Save the Last Dance project, David Gale. Gale, a
Jew, is senior vice-president of MTV Films.
Save the Last Dance is a film aimed at 13- to 17-year-old White girls. Its message to these teenaged White girls is that sex with Black boys is “cool.’’ Very briefly, the story line is this: Sara is a White high school girl who lives in a very White small town in Illinois with her mother. Sara loves to dance, and her ambition is to become a ballet dancer. Then Sara’s mother is killed in an accident, and Sara moves to Chicago to live with her father. In Chicago she attends a mosdy Black high school, meets a Black boy who is into hip hop, and the two of them are drawn together by their shared interest in dancing — although their dance styles are as different as . . . black and white. And so, of course, they end up in bed together, despite the objections of Sara’s “racist” father.
I might not have mentioned this film to you if it were simply another piece of the race-mixing filth the Jews of Hollywood have been churning out during the last few years. All of this filth has the same aim, but with most of it the people who don’t want to see the truth about what the Jews are up to could argue that it is simply typically low-grade Hollywood entertainment which uses interracial sex for spice, for titillation, but that there’s no evil motive behind it, no intent to encourage interracial sex.
Well, they can’t argue that about Save the Last Dance. This is a film which is aimed squarely at teenaged White girls, by far the most impressionable and susceptible segment of the White population, and its intent is to make them more receptive to the idea of interracial sex. All sorts of advertising promotions have been launched for this film, and they’re all aimed at teenaged White girls. If you want to know what’s on the minds of the people who made this film, go to their very own web site, savethelast-dance.com, and read what they say. Clearly, encouraging interracial sex was the thing most on their minds.
The film’s Jewish producer, Robert Cort, discusses his motivation with his co-producer, David Madden. They say that they and others at Paramount wanted to produce a film about:
interracial romance and the social impact created by such a subject. We felt a movie could explore what those obstacles were for people involved in such relationships, particularly young people in high school.
So the Jews at Paramount Pictures turned to a Black director who has a fixation on interracial sex, Thomas Carter. According to the movie’s official web site, savethelastdance.com, Carter:
had been looking for a story about interracial relationships that he could bring to the screen. Carter says the film positively reinforces the possibilities for people to love and understand each other, even when they are from different backgrounds and races.
Well, that’s just a small sampling. Look at some of the film clips from Save the Last Dance that you can view free on the Internet. Look at some of the promotions that are so obviously intended to persuade teenaged White girls to see the film and to imitate Sara’s behavior. The clear message of the film to these teenaged White viewers is, “Go thou now and do likewise.”
The last thing I want to do is put more money into Sumner Redstone’s pockets, but I recommend that you see the film for yourself, so that it will stick in your mind and you still will remember it when the time for the cleansing of America comes.
I don’t want to give you the impression that there’s something special about Redstone or the other Jews at Viacom. Some Jewish media push interracial sex more blatandy than others, but they’re all behind it: all of the Jewish newspapers and magazines from the New York Times and Newsweek magazine on down, all of the Jewish film and television producers, all of the Jewish advertising agencies. It's not just a Redstone thing or
©2001 • National
Vanguard
Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro •
WV
24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
11
a Viacom thing or a Paramount Pictures thing; it’s a Jewish thing.
I’ll give you another example. The Miramax division of Disney also has a new film promoting sex between teenaged White girls and Black boys. The name of the Disney film is O. Although it hasn’t been released yet, there’s plenty of information available about it. It’s been finished for more than a year, but the release has been postponed several times, reportedly because the Jewish bosses at Miramax, Bob and Harvey Weinstein, were nervous about some of the sex and violence in the film. There’s a horrific scene in the film where the Black “hero” brutally rapes his pretty, blonde, teenaged girlfriend.
The Weinstein brothers are very close to both A1 Gore and Hillary and Bill Clinton, and it has been rumored that they were concerned that controversy over the film might hurt Gore’s chances in the recent presidential election. Perhaps Michael Eisner, the Jewish boss of Disney, Miramax’s parent company, was worried too. And maybe the film’s Jewish executive producer, Michael Levy, also expressed concern. Unless there’s another postponement, however, O finally should be released sometime in the first half of this year. You should see that one too, in order to steel yourself for the hard and bloody things we will need to do in the future.
And really, that’s what this is all about. As important as it is for White Americans to be informed about the criminality of Blacks and the hatred that Blacks have for us, as important as it is for us to be informed about atrocities such as those in Wichita last month, what is for more important is that we understand the systematic and deliberate distortion and suppression of the news by the Jewish bosses of the news media. The Wichita rapes and murders are more important as evidence of Jewish intent than of Black criminality.
And as important as it is for decent White Americans to be aware of the sort of destructive filth coming out of Hollywood which is targeting our children, what is far more important is for us to understand the systematic nature of this destructive filth, to understand that there is a purpose behind it, and to understand what that purpose is and whose purpose it is.
On these broadcasts I believe it’s fair to say that I try harder than anything else to make myself clear. I try to state things as simply and unambiguously as I can. I try to find the most compelling evidence I can and to present it accurately and in a way that makes its meaning easy to grasp. Whenever I can, I use evidence that listeners can check for themselves if I tell them where to look Certainly, that’s true of the things of which I’ve spoken on this broadcast: both the Wichita rapes and murders and the Jewish films promoting miscegenation. And I try to draw my conclusions from the evidence in a way that makes those conclusions unavoidable for any reasonable listener. The principal conclusion I have drawn in this broadcast is that the Jews who dominate our news and entertainment media are not simply businessmen trying to maximize their profits, like any other businessmen. They are men who also have a political, social, cultural, and racial agenda. They report the news selectively in order to advance their agenda, and they produce entertainment for the public designed to advance their agenda. Among other things on their agenda are the moral disarmament of the WHiite public, the destruction of any sense of White identity or White pride, the inculcation of a sense of White guilt, and the paralysis of our will to resist the total Jewish domination of our society, the paralysis of our will to survive.
Now, that’s a strong conclusion to draw just from the evidence I’ve
presented in this broadcast But I’ve presented corroborating evidence in more than two hundred other broadcasts. The selective reporting of the news in a way designed to make Whites feel guilty and the production of Hollywood films that attempt to persuade teenaged White girls that they should look favorably on sex with Blacks fit in perfecdy with the Jews’ support for open borders, the Jews’ tireless work for “diversity” and multiculturalism, the Jews’ advocacy of more and more “hate crime” legislation, the Jews’ campaign against the Second Amendment, the Jews’ efforts to censor the Internet and obtain legislation against “speech crime.” Look at Jewish motives and activities in the light of history. Look at the way in which America has changed demo-graphically, culturally, and morally during the past half-century under the impact of Jewish propaganda and Jewish policies. These changes did not come about by accident. They are the result of design.
The biggest and most important single factor in the Jewish campaign against White America is the Jewish control of the mass media of news and entertainment Most Jews, of course, are not media bosses. Most Jews are not in a position to plan the selective reporting of the news or produce films designed to encourage interracial sex, the way Sumner Redstone and Michael Eisner and the Weinstein brothers are. But all of them — or nearly all of them — support the same things these Jewish leaders do. What is happening to
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
America is not simply the consequence of having a small number of powerful and evil Jews in the media. It is happening as a consequence of having six million Jews in America. A small number of them control our mass media. The rest provide the Jewish tribal infrastructure which makes that control possible.
Again I say to you: don’t just take my word for it. Think about it for yourself. Check the evidence for yourself. Draw your own conclusions. But don’t just continue sitting on your hands and ignore what is being done to your country, to your civilization, and to your race.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Draw Your Own Conclusions,” aired on January 13, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
MTV and Hate
Three weeks ago I began telling you about a horrible mass murder and rape of young White people in Wichita, Kansas, by a couple of Blacks. The main point I emphasized in talking about this awful crime against our people was that the Jewish news media and the White liberals who collaborate with them — the Clintonista types — were deliberately covering up the news about it. It wasn’t that they didn’t think it was important; they knew it was important, and that’s why they were covering it up. The people who should have been reporting to you every detail of what happened in Wichita weren’t saying a word about it. They were hoping you wouldn’t learn about it. And so I told you about what happened in Wichita, and I explained to you why the Jewish media bosses didn’t want you to know about it.
Of course, the massacre in Wichita wasn’t the only newsworthy event being covered up by the Jewish media while I was talking to you about Wichita. I just decided to focus on Wichita, and I thought it likely that meanwhile news about some of the other crimes against our people would leak out through other media. Well, that didn’t happen. The Jews successfully kept the fid on. And then last week one of the top Jewish media bosses, Sumner Redstone, owner of Viacom and MTV and Paramount and CBS, provoked me and made me decide that perhaps I really should talk more about the horrible things being done to our people by this multicultural society the jews and their friends have forced on us.
First, the provocation. Actually MTV’s regular programming is a nonstop provocation. Racial mixing is its persistent theme, the theme pushed day and night, week after week: all races and both sexes mixed together, gyrating and jerking and rap-
ping to throbbing Negroid music. A lew years ago I couldn’t understand why any sane White parents would expose their kids to this filth. Now I have a better understanding of the lemming phenomenon. I understand that the majority of our people — White people — will do anything, no matter how disgusting or depraved or self-destructive, that they believe is fashionable. And I also have a better understanding of the way in which the Jews are able to use their control over the mass media of news and entertainment to create fashions and to corrupt our institutions, to corrupt our society, to corrupt a whole army of collaborators — of businessmen, of actors and actresses, of spokesmen, of preachers and politicians and writers and teachers — from our own people to help them with their filthy business. And let me cell you, when the day of reckoning comes, the punishment for all of these traitors, for all of those from among us who consciously and deliberately collaborated with the enemies of our people, for all of those White people who let their faces, their voices, their names be used to conceal the Jews who were paying them — their punishment will be awful.
Well, let’s not get ahead of ourselves. Last week MTV interrupted its regular fare of filth to present a special dose of brainwashing. The occasion was a big push for new “hate crime” and “speech crime” legislation. For two decades the Jews have been pushing harder and harder for more laws designed to control what we say and what we think. It was the largest of the Jewish pressure groups, the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, which invented the concept of “hate crime” and cook the lead in promoting it among law-enforcement people, the government, and the general public. The politicians were willing to go
along, of course, but the Jews were having a hard time persuading the White public that people ought to be punished for what they said or for what they presumably were thinking when committing a crime instead of solely for what they did. This Jewish concept is contrary to our whole Western tradition of law, contrary to our whole sense of justice.
So the Jews decided to spend more time on propaganda, on brainwashing, to swing the public around. The first step, before continuing the push for more legislation to penalize speech and thought, was to get the public accustomed to the concept of “hate crime,” to get them to accept this newly invented category of crime. And so they did two things. They began talking and writing about “hate crime” in all of their mass media. If you are able to search back issues of publications such as the New York Times or Time or Newsweek magazine, for the term “hate crime,” you’ll discover the term simply didn’t exist before about 1985, and then suddenly it appeared in nearly every issue of these publications. The campaign to condition the public to think of “hate crime” and “speech crime” as recognized categories of crime was on — and it was a planned, carefully designed campaign; it didn’t just happen.
Then in April 1990 they pushed the Hate Crimes Statistics Act through the Congress, and President George Bush signed it into law. It merely required law enforcement agencies to keep track of crimes in which racial feelings or dislike of homosexuals might have been a factor. The aim really was not to gather statistics: it was to condition law enforcement people to accept the new categories of crime. And then actual legislation fol-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
13
mm

like to
support of Fight For Your Rights: Take a’Stand Against , Discrimination. ,
I The Anti-DefamationLeague founded in 1913> i$ the work I leading organization fighting I anti-Semitism through program i and services that counteract hatr prejudice and bigotry. The missk
|jj§§ stop the defamadon^ Jewish people, to secure justice . fair treatment t» all citizens alike
mi, i
^pAntDc&meon league^]
■nili

After the premiere of Anatomy of a Hate Crime on Jan. 10,
OTTV faded to black for the first time in the channel's 20-year history. During an 18-hour commercial-free period, text describing hate crimes, senseless attacks and murders committed simply because someone was different scrolled continuously on air, while celebrity and artist voiceovers brought the words to life. Click on the links at th^ right for video dips of celebrities lending their voices to join the Fight For Your Rights.
In mtv.com
§ ™-rffr m w m mt W m ^ftpr m m W
Uglsen

AND STRAIGHT
ppUCATIOi*
The Gay, Lesbian and Strafljhtg education Network is the national
'Wmjzita^wfhW^g«v - ;
P^^PJ^P^^^frca^sjsdioois. GLS supports gay-straight alliance clubs ^igh	coast	and]
^obllize^dlrect action campaigns to/ y ^
WtBm"7 \	  \
w& ■ '■■■ Wm
lowed, mosdy at the state level. What the Jews want now is gready strengthened legislation, and they want it at the Federal level. That was the purpose of Sumner Redstone’s special MTV programming last week It consisted of hour after hour of recitations of supposed “hate crimes” — assaults on Blacks, Asians, Jews, and homosexuals by heterosexual White males. The Jews who did the programming even threw in a few assaults on Whites by non-Whites, but the clear message of the programming was that “hate” is a White phenomenon and that most so-called “hate crimes” are committed by heterosexual White males.
The truth of the matter is that in the great majority of interracial assaults the victims are White, and the perpetrators are non-White. In virtually every interracial rape, for instance, the victim is White. And if you question whether or not hate is involved in these Black-on-White rapes, go to any library for a copy of Eldridge Cleaver’s autobiographical book Soul on Ice and read what he has to say about it Cleaver was a Black rapist who was a darling of the Jews and is described by them in obituaries
as a “civil rights activist.” Cleaver wrote:
I crossed the tracks and sought out White prey. I did this consciously, deliberately, willfully, methodically .... Rape was an insurrectionary act. It delighted me that I was defying and trampling upon the White man's law ... and that I was defiling his women....
The facts of interracial crime are easy enough to determine from the crime statistics that were collected by the FBI long before the ADL’s Hate Crimes Statistics Act of 1990 and are still collected and compiled every year and are available to tne public from the Department of Justice in Washington as the Uniform Crime Reports. But the truth was not a consideration in last week’s “hate crime” programming. Promoting a feeling of White guilt, morally disarming White viewers, was one of Mr. Redstone’s considerations, and working up a feeling that we really do need new and stronger laws to keep those awful, hateful, heterosexual White males under control was another of his considerations.
So it was important to maintain the deception that in interracial crimes non-Whites and homosexuals are the victims and heterosexual White males are the perpetrators.
That’s why MTV told us once again about the dragging death of a Black convict in Jasper, Texas, and about the beating death of a homosexual in Laramie, Wyoming, but had not a word to say about the terrible interracial massacre in Wichita last month. And also not a word to say about many other recent and atrocious hate crimes, in which the victims were White.
For example, here’s one I haven’t told you about yet. Less than a month ago, on the evening of December 23, Vickie Lynn McGraw, left her Shreveport, Louisiana, home to visit friends. The 48-year-old White mother of two, former wife of a Shreveport police lieutenant, never made it to her friends’ home. Two Blacks were loitering outside Mrs. McGraw’s home, and as soon as she got into her car they rushed her, pointed guns at her, forced their way into her car, and drove off with her.
After that it was a familiar story. The Blacks drove her to an automatic teller machine and forced her to withdraw money. Then they beat, raped, and sodomized her. Finally, they threw her from her car, killed her by firing a bullet into the back of her
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SFEECII for
January 2001
head, and left her corpse in a roadside ditch, where a passerby found her on Christmas Bvc morning. Meanwhile the two Blacks rounded up t!\v more of our colored “equals, and they all went on a spending spree with Mrs. MeGraw’s credit cards.
It only took the Shreveport police and the local sheriff three days to round up the killers and their friends. And the local newspaper, the Shreveport Times, did report the matter diligently, with photographs of Vickie McGraw and of the sub-humans who raped and murdered her. The New Orleans newspaper, the Times-Pica* yune carried a very brief report of the murder, without photographs or any other clue as to the race or the victim or the murderers. And that’s about it. Outside of Louisiana no one has heard about what happened to Vickie Lynn McGraw.
And she wasn’t just some White welfare slut who hung around with Blacks, some piece of race-mixing White trash of the Nicole Brown Simpson category, of whom we could say that she got what she deservec i. She was a decent, middle-class White woman, a wife and mother with whom literally millions of other White American women could identify and sympathize — which is exactly why the Jewish media bosses blacked out the news about what happened to her. The last thing in the world they want is millions of decent White women sympathizing with Vickie McGraw, thinking about what happened to her, and then perhaps thinking about the whole business of multiculturalism and where it’s taking us. If they think too much about Vickie McGraw, they may not take to heart the lesson of Sumner Redstone’s special MTV programming on “hate crimes” last week.
I mean, really, if you arc in the news business to make money, if you arc simply a businessman, you grab a story like the Vickie McGraw story, and you make the most of it, because it is obvious that millions of Americans will be moved by it. But if your primary reason for being in the news business is to condition the public, to brainwash the public, then you have different considerations, don't you? If you’re not just a media businessman who incidentally happens to be Jewish, but instead are a coldly calculating predator, working in
SOUL ON ICI
by Gldridgo Cloavei
by MmmwaM ONMomoi
Soul on Ice by Eldridge Cleaver
conspiratorial concert with other predators whose aim, like yours, is to deceive and demoralize the White public, then you impose a blackout on stories like the Vickie McGraw story and the Wichita massacre story and every other story that doesn't fit your destructive, genocidal purpose.
Lets change the subject from Black-on-White crime for a moment and I ook at another aspect of Sumner Redstone's effort to sensitize the White public on the matter of "hate crime” and “speech crime.” Some of the "hate crime” victims he listed in his special programming last week were homosexuals, most notably Matthew Shepard, the young sodomite who made the fatal error of trying to find a date in the wrong bar in Laramie, Wyoming, a couple of years ago. And just as he lied about interracial crime, trying to persuade us that Whites are the principal perpetrators and non-Whites the principal victims, he also lied about crimes involving homosexuals and heterosexuals, trying to make us believe that in nearly all such crimes the homosexuals are the victims, and heterosexuals are the perpetrators.
Do you remember the name John Wayne C >ucy? I ic was a homosexual serial killer, the most prolific serial killer in America's history. Gacy
handcuffed, raped, sexually tortured, arid murdered J3 young men between 1972 and 1978, burying most of his victims in the crawl space under his house in Chicago. I low about Jeffrey Dahmer? Is that name familiar? Dah-mer took up where Gacy left off. Between 1978 and 1991 he murdered 16 hoys and young men after drugging them and having sex with them, I le then ate parts of their corpses and kept their heads anil genitalia in his refrigerator for months. Gacy and Dahmer both received quite a bit of media publicity when they were caught, because that was before the current drive to cast homosexuals in the role of “victim” had gained much speed.
But during the Clinton era — the 1990s — the drive picked up a great deal of speed indeed. If you've been listening to my broadcasts for much more than I year you'll remember the name Jesse Dirkhising. I talked about him a couple of times in October 1999. He was the 1 Vycar-old hoy in Rogers, Arkansas, who was kidnapped by two homosexuals, tied up, drugged, and raped to death, on September 26, 1999. This horrible homosexual murder was totally blacked out by the Jewish media bosses outside of Arkansas. The Mathew Shepard heating death, which had occurred the previous year, was still receiving worldwide publicity, and any publicity about the murder of Jesse Dirkhising would have taken the steam out of the media publicity campaign about Mathew Shepard. And so the media bosses said not a word about little Jesse.
Perh aps I've made my point, II you go by the body count, the homosexuals have the heterosexuals heat by a wide margin. So why did Mr. Redstone try so hard to convince us other wise? Well, in the first place, the very loose coalition that has long existed among most of the enemies of tradi tional Whit e society —Jews, feminists, racial minorities, liberals, and homosexuals — became much tighter and better organized during the two Clinton administrations. I lomosexuals have moved up in this coalition and now have achieved full “victim” status, alongside Jews, Blacks and other non-Whites. And in the second place, it serves their purpose of proving to the lemmings that heterosexual While males are dangerous "halers" who
© 2001 » National Vanguard Hooks • lh\ 3 30 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yeat
FREE SPEECH for January 2001
15
need to be disarmed and constrained by new laws.
Well, actually, from Mr. Red-stones point of view, there’s more to it. Building public sympathy for homosexuals and giving them a spe-cial, legally protected status, serves to undermine further the morale, and to morally soften up, the society Redstone and his fellow tribesmen are busy devouring. Their current “hate crime” and “speech crime” campaign is not just to keep homosexuals from getting beaten up when they solicit in the wrong bars or from having their feelings hurt when some insensitive heterosexual makes a crude joke about them. There’s a whole syndrome of more-or-less related social changes being pushed along with the acceptance of homosexuality: pedophilia, for example, and child pornography, which is very largely homosexual in nature. In my view, none of these changes is healthy; none of them is good for us. They’re good only for the people who want to weaken us and to destroy us.
Some of the listeners I receive letters from take issue with that. They don’t want to believe that this media campaign is malicious. They prefer to believe that it is based only on the liberalism of media people, who naturally sympathize with the underdogs and the outcasts, with the meek and the weak and the alien and the morally crippled. That means we’re supposed to believe that Sumner Redstone and all of his high-priced employees at MTV and CBS and Paramount have never heard of the Justice Department’s Uniform Crime Reports or the Wichita or Shreveport murders or John Wayne Gacy or Jeffrey Dahmer or the Jesse Dirkhising murder. We’re supposed to think that they actually believe that Whites are more often the perpetrators of interracial assaults, and that homosexuals are gende, inoffensive people.
Well, I’m sure that they don’t actually believe those things. I’m sure that they consciously and deliberately manipulate the news with malice aforethought. They deliberately make the news fit the false picture of life they portray with their entertainment media. And they do it maliciously; they do it because they want to weaken and destroy us.
Despite the listeners who don’t want to accept that conclusion, I
Jeffrey Dahmer
believe that most of you agree with me on that poinn namely, that the media bosses do know exacdy what they’re doing, that they do distort the news deliberately and deliberately cover up the news they don’t want us to know about That’s really the only conclusion that a reasonable observer can draw from the evidence.
Many more listeners balk at accepting another conclusion of mine, and that is that it’s not just a few evil Jewish media bosses deliberately distorting our news and producing films designed to encourage miscegenation and to persuade us that homosexuality is normal, and a few Jewish pressure groups such as the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center pushing for “hate crime” and “speech crime” legislation, but that it is the Jews .as a whole who are doing these things. The Jewish media bosses and the Jewish pressure groups are doing their malicious and destructive work as a part of and on behalf of the Jewish community as a whole. Many listeners still don’t want to believe that because they still think in a sort of fuzzy, feminine, subjective way. They focus on the individual exceptions, on the Jews here and there who more or less behave themselves, and these individual exceptions keep them from seeing the big picture.
Let me try to bring the big picture into a little better focus for these folks. I’m sure you’ve all heard about the controversy in the media over the refusal of the Boy Scouts to permit homosexuals to be Scout leaders. The media have portrayed this ban on homosexual Scout leaders as a case of intolerance, bigotry, hate, and so on. They have pooh-poohed the idea that homosexual Scout leaders might use their position to take advantage of the young boys in their care. Well, Boy Scout officials know better and have held to their refusal to let homosexuals be Scout leaders. So now the Clinton coalition types are increasing the pressure. I’ll read you the beginning of a news report that was in the New York Times just ten days ago. The report, by Laurie Goodstein, is headed “Jewish Group Recommends Cutting Ties to Boy Scouts: A Protest Against the Ban on Gay Members.”
I’m reading now from the January 10 issue of the New York Times, page A12:
Reform Jewish leaders are recommending that parents withdraw their children from membership in the Boy Scouts of America and that synagogues end their sponsorship of Scout troops, the strongest reaction yet by a religious group to the Supreme Court decision allowing the Boy Scouts to exclude gay members.
The report goes on to point out that Reform Judaism represents about 40 per cent of America’s six million Jews. This declaration by the leaders of Reform Judaism is really just a media event, however, because practically no Jews are actually involved in the Boy Scouts, either as sponsors or as members. But it is a pretty good indicator that the Jewish community as a whole stands behind the Jewish media bosses, at least on this issue of trying to persuade us that homosexuals are “normal” and pose no danger to our society.
In future broadcasts we’ll look at where the Jewish community as a whole stands on other policies promoted by the Jewish media bosses.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “MTV and Hate,” aired on January 20, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year