i maun

Founded 1994 by Dr. William L. Pierce Volume X, Issue IX
September 2004	$	4.00
A Stephen King Version of Amos & Andy
holds that the common people know what they^ want, and
Lewis Doherty,	have been blaming the largely
Editor	“White” Bush administration
for not caring or moving fast enough. In fact, on the Federal level, the Jewish-led Office of Homeland Security had shifted its focus from natural disasters to Moslem terrorist threats. However, the key ineptness which cost by far the most Black lives and “quality of life” occurred at the local level before, during, and immediately following the hurricane.
The Black leadership complains that buses were never sent for the evacuees and the largely poor Black population was trapped in the city. However, Mayor Ray Nagin did not use hundreds of school and mass transit buses that were sitting in the bus yards, some less than a mile from the Superdome, to evacuate them. The 2000 edition of the southeast Louisiana evacuation plan on page 13, paragraph 5 states: 5. The primary means of hurricane evacuation will be personal vehicles. School and municipal buses, government-owned vehicles and vehicles provided by volunteer agencies may be used to provide transportation for individuals who lack transportation and require assistance in evacuating. Obviously a city bureaucracy which is basically geared to shake down White business owners was unable and uninterested in carrying out the evacuation. The buses, now useless, have been shown in aerial photos to be sitting flooded in their yards.
After the storm struck, the affirmative action New Orleans Police Department collapsed, making security, rescue, and relief nearly impossible. Under Black rule, the city has done what it can to hire Blacks instead of Whites. It established a city residence requirement to exclude White suburban applicants and lowered recruitment standards. Crime and incompetence by the police mush-
roomed over the years. After the storm, several police began looting and it was estimated a third of the police force had turned in their badges or were AWOL. It will be interesting to try to obtain information on the police malefactors’ race, but don’t expect cooperation from the police on this one.
Of course, the general Black population went on a crime spree breaking through the facade of what was left of White civilization.
Now the Black leaders are whining about the slowness, quantity, and quality of aid by the predominately-White state and national governments. The New York Times states:
"Are you telling me we can coordinate a relief effort on the other side of the world, and we can ft do it here?ft I. V. Hilliard, pastor of the New Light Christian Center Church in north Houston, thundered from the pulpit of the largest predominantly black church in Houston. tfIfm not saying they didnft care. Irm saying they didnft care enough!"
"I canft help but think thaf rnrp has somer thing to do with it." he added to a chorus of amens.
Outside the squalid convention center in New Orleans on Sunday, the Rev. Jesse Jackson and Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., bitterly criticized those who, they said, had failed the city.
"This looks like the hull of a slave ship," Jackson said as he reviewed the packed sidewalk where families had gathered, their belongings in torn trash bags.
Waters said she had traveled throughout Africa and had never seen anything quite like that scene. "This looks like an undeveloped country," she said. "No time did I think in America we would see this kind of homelessness, this kind of displacement. This is the worst thing I have ever seen."
Yes, race does have a lot to do with it, but not in the way the Houston witch doctor sees it.
Nothing is more certainly written in the book of fate than that these people [Blacks] are to be free; nor is it less certain that the two races, equally free, cannot live in the same government. -Thomas Jefferson: Autobiography, 1821. ME 1:72 They should be allowed to have enough rope to hang themselves, but not to hang us.
c&
Free Speech
2
September 2004
September 2004
Publisher Shaun Walker
Editor Lewis Doherty
Senior Writer Jim Ring
Writer Kevin Strom
National Alliance Webmistress Evelyn Hill
Patrick Martin Distribution
Contents:
A Stephen King Version of
Amos and Andy
by Lewis Doherty.........2
Noua Dreapta Interview by Jon Fain.................4
Romania’s Legionaire’s Movement.................5
Another Card Falls by Kevin Alfred Strom.............8
I Remember 9/11
by Kevin Alfred Strom...11
Erich Gliebe Part I by Kevin Alfred Strom.....14
Erich Gliebe Part 11 by Kevin Alfred Strom.....19
Free Speech P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946 www.natall.com
Letters to the editor, articles, comments and other submissions can be sent electronically (preferred method) in e-mail bodies but not as attachments to ffeespeech@natvan.com or mailed to the above address. Submissions used by Free Speech become the property of National Vanguard Books.
Free Speech is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4. Ten copies (of the same issue) $10. Basic subscription $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, those who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Please make checks out to National Vanguard Books.
Copyright 2005 the National Alliance. All rights reserved. Any use in whole or in part without the express written permission of the National Alliance is forbidden.
Resistance Records
Those who purchase Resistance Records products are not merely consumers of a product, and Resistance is not merely a distributor of a product. Resistance Records, its bands, and its supporters are fighting a war to awaken the survival instincts in a dying people.
We are asking you to do your part. Many of you subscribe to Resistance magazine, but many do not. For only $20, you get four issues of the best music magazine in the world. Subscribe and share your magazines with relatives and co-workers. Give it to some poor, little wigger in your neighborhood; you may be saving his life.
Any issue from #9 up is available for $2.50 apiece if you buy 10 or more copies (mixed issues allowed). Join with a friend or two and commit to buying ten or more issues a month. Can you imagine the impact of a steady stream of Resistance magazines circulating among the kids in your neighborhood? If you have not subscribed, please do. Buy in bulk and distribute them to local kids or get your local music stores to carry it. Resistance is operated by members of the National Alliance (www.natall.com), so all your money is going to help spread our message to people of European descent everywhere. Together we can help make the difference necessary for the survival of our race. Thank you for your support.
P.O. BOX 67 - HILLSBORO, WV - 24946-USA - www.resistance.com
September 2004
3
Free Speech
Noua Dreapta’s Foreign Affairs OffiCer . Interviewed for Our Readers	s
During National Alliance staff member Jon Fain’s visit to the Noua Dreapta (the New Right) conference in Romania in August 2004, he interviewed Claudiu Mihutiu, who handles foreign relations for that organization:
Fain: When and by whom was your organization founded?
Mihutiu: Noua Dreapta was formed at the beginning of the year 2000 in Bucharest. At that time, everyone (on the right) had been talking about the need to create a strong nationalist pole. So Noua Dreapta was created to unite all of the genuine nationalists. Under the leadership of Tudor Ionescu, Noua Dreapta was heard across all of Romania. Today, after almost five years of uninterrupted fighting for our fatherland, we have gained members all throughout Romania with units in every major city and now have created a strong organization which is taken seriously.
Fain: What do you think arc the greatest problems facing Romania?
Mihutiu: After the fall of communism in Romania in December 1989, a democratic regime was installed, which to this day is ruled by former communists. The corruption found at the highest level, almost like a general government policy, is responsible for our country's disastrous situation. When the government of a country is corrupt, justice cannot rule in that land. So the greatest problem that Romania is facing would be the corruption within our government, which most definitely does not represent the Romanian people's interests or the interests of our country.
Fain: What stance does your organization take on race?
Mihutiu: The Gypsies are primitive, anarchist and represent an attack on the unity of the Romanian folk, which constitutes the majority. Only a small percentage of them

National Alliance staff member Jon Fain, shown standing, makes a presentation to the Noua Dreapta conference in August 2004. He later interviewed Claudiu Mihutiu, shown sitting.
have integrated themselves into society and have undertaken honest pursuits. A large majority of them make a living through robbery and deceit. They influence the younger generation of Romanians through their dirty vocabulary, their violent attitude and their tasteless music which threatens our cultural identity. Despising work, they have organized themselves into “mafia” style organizations, which terrorize Romanians. They have spread infection, violence, crime, and immorality Their activities have also gener-ated a negative false image of Romania to Europe and the rest ol
the world. There are other ethnic minorities in Romania, but because of the Gypsies’ high birth rate, the Gypsies could go from a minority to a majority in Romania and, therefore, represent the greatest threat to the country. In the past few years, there have been Blacks and Asians arriving in Romania. But because of their small numbers, they don’t represent a threat. We love every culture in the world, but only in the country in which that culture is supposed to be. In Romania, we want to keep our Romanian culture without foreign influences and, of course, our Romanian complection.
Free Speech
4
September 2004
Fain: What stance does your organization take on Religion?
Mihutiu: Romanian nationalism’s history and tradition is connected very closely to our Christianity. For example, Adolph Hitler said that Comeiu Zelea Codreanu, who is the father of Romanian nationalism, is the father of European nationalism. Although, Hitler didn’t believe much in God, here you can see his respect and admiration for Romanian nationalism.
Noua Drepta is a nationalis-tic-Christian organization which follows the line of the Romanian Orthodox Church and is faithful to the Holy Bible. The belief in God, our creator, is for us very important and we base our decisions on the following relationship: single per-son-nation-God. This means that we cannot put the interests of a single person over the interests of the nation, and we cannot put the interests of our nation over the interests of God.
Fain: What actions has your government taken to make your organization illegal?
Mihutiu: As I mentioned, Romania is ruled today by ex-communists. Communists and nationalists are classic enemies, so the government naturally wants to make our organization illegal. Last year, the Romanian government conducted the first prosecution after the fall of Communism in 1989 against one of our members, Grigore Oprita. This was brought due to fabricated evidence. Because our activities are legal, the government was unable to bring real proof against him that he was an extremist. The government must rely on scare tactics at this point to try to get us to give up our fight because we are operating legally.
Fain:	Will	you	tell	me
about your organization’s foreign relations?
Mihutiu: From the founding of our organization, we have sought to develop relations with other nationalist organizations in Europe and the world, which has resulted in some connections. On the 21st of June 2003, Noua Drepta founded the “European National Front” as an alternative to the
European Union with nationalist organizations from Italy, Spain, Poland, the Czech Republic, and Slovakia. The need for this pan-European structure was the result of the plague of globalism spreading across Europe under the New World Order. In order to combat this and to create a Europe of nations based on the respect for the culture and traditions of each nation. Noua Drepta has been in close collaboration with our German friends in the NPD, and with friends from Serbia, Bulgaria, France, Belgium, Portugal, and England. We are also very happy with the growing cooperation which has developed over the last few months with our American friends in the National Alliance.
Fain: Do you have anything further you would like to say to our readers?
Mihutiu: Let all Europeans unite and fight to make the future better for our children and our people.
Noua Drepta’s Origin: Corneliu Codreanu the Creator of the Romanian Legionary Movement
The following is a condensed version of a biography of Corneliu Codreanu from a	site,
www. co dr e an u. ro/ironguard. h tm. which is linked to Nova Dreapta9s site www.nouadreapta.org/
When Romania declared war on Austria-Hungary in August 1916, Codreanu, not old enough to enlist, left home and joined his father at the front, where the elder Codreanu commanded an infantry company. Codreanu took part in the advance and subsequent retreat across the rugged terrain of Transylvania, until his father ordered him to return home. When the First World War ended in 1918, Codreanu was an officer cadet at an infantry training camp.
When Codreanu arrived at Jassy, however, he found the city and its university wracked by strikes and demonstrations. The workers, chafing under miserable working conditions and meager wages, had succumbed to the wiles of Communist agitators, who filled their heads with visions of the promised land being built across the border in Russia. At the university, many students and professors were outspoken Marxists, and they had little difficulty in intimidating their nationalist colleagues.
At fact value, the situation in Jassy was incomprehensible, especially to a young patriot like Codreanu. The unification of all Romanians in a single Great Romania after the First World War was the fulfillment of centuries-old
nationalist longings. Nevertheless, the urban intelligentsia and the workers ceaslessly reviled Romania’s King Ferdinand, the Church, and the army.
It didn't take long for Codreanu to identify the driving force behind the anti-national activities of the workers and the intellectuals. Both factions were propagandized, agitated and controlled almost entirely by members of an alien group hostile to Romania's heritage and soil: the Jews.
In 1919 the so-called "workers' movement" in Jassy was lead by a Dr. Ghelerter, who had as his lieutenants Messrs. Gheler, Spiegler, and Schreiber. Their superiors in Bucharest, the Romanian capital, were Ana Pauker and Ilie Moscovici. All of them, like the
September 2004
5
Free Speech
great majority of the communist leaders in Romania, were Jews.
The Jewish revolutionaries in Romania derived moral sustenance from the successes of their kinsmen in Russia, where Jews made up the majority of Bolshevik leaders and cadres. Equally inspirational had been the short, blood-drenched regime of Bela Run (bom Cohn) and his Jewish commissars in Hungary, which had been smashed by the interv ention of the Romanian Army only months before.
Disgusted by the apathy and cowardice of the university’s conservative students, Codreanu joined a small group called the Guard of National Conscience, which pledged to build a strong Romania based on a just social order and purged of racial aliens.
Codreanu quickly became the dominant figure in the Guard of National Conscience. Through ceaseless and heroic activism he made the small movement a force to be reckoned with in the streets and factories of Jassy.
At the Agency of State Monopolies and the Nicolina Railway Works Codreanu, and a handful of followers defied thousands of striking workers to haul down the red flag and raise the Romanian tricolor above the factories. Codrcanu's bravery and determination won him the grudging respect of the Romanian workers and the bitter hatred of their Jewish manipulators.
Codreanu and the men of the Guard of National Conscience were far from reactionaries anxious to shore up the existing social order. The Guard's program called for "Christian-National Socialism," and it was Codrcanu's avowed aim to free the workers from the Jewish-Bolshcvist influences and then to develop a strong sense of national identity in them.
After the Romanian government mustered the will to crush the communist-directed strikes and demonstrations. Codreanu and his student supporters turned their
The poster of Corneliu Codreanu and his salute to his legionaires which hung over the Noua Dreapta conference.
attention to the university. In 1920 the Romanian universities, and especially Jassy, swarmed with Jewish aliens. Although the Jews in Romania constituted only five per cent of the population, over a third of Jassy's students were Jews, and Jewish students carried on a ceaseless agitation against everything Romanian.
Codreanu and his comrades put an end to the Jewish terror on the campus in short order. The Red toughs who had hazed and bullied the nationalist students now found themselves on the defensive.
By 1922, when Codreanu was graduated from the university's Faculty of Law, he had almost single-handedly converted the University of Jassy into a bastion of nationalist sentiment. Furthermore, Codrcanu's supporters were disseminating pro-Romanian and anti-Jcwifth ideas at schools and universities across the country.
Codreanu elected to continue his studies in political economy. In the fall of 1922 he traveled to
Germany and registered at tk University of Berlin. In Berlin he made contact with German national-ists, and it was in those days that he first heard of Adolf Hitler, whom he came to esteem as a fellow nationalist and the savior of his people.
Codrcanu’s studies in Germany were tenninated suddenly. On December 10, 1922, the Romanian university students went on strike, demanding not only improved food and decent living conditions, but also a limitation on the number of Jews admitted to the universities.
Codreanu hurried back to make common cause with the striking students. The strike dragged on for months, despite the liberal use of police and regular troops by the
government.
During the strike, Codreanu became convinced that the time was ripe for the creation of a nationalist movement which would appeal to Romanians of every station in life, rather than limiting itself to students. Together with professor A.C. Cuza of the University of Jassy, Codreanu founded the League of Christian National Defense on March 3, 1923.
Scarcely three weeks after the Romanian National Assembly underscored the need for a nationalist, anti-Jcwish fighting movement by amending the Romanian constitution to allow nearly every Jew in the country to become a citizen. When Codreanu heard the news he burst out crying. National-minded Romanians were stunned.
There was a simple reason for the outrage at the assembly's high-handed action. The Jews of Romania were demonstrably an alien body in the national organism.
Despite the exertions of Codreanu and his followers, the student strike failed. In the fall of 1923 the Romanian students returned to school. They had won a few matcri al improvements, but the govern ment would make no concession, toward limiting the number of JoxL flooding into the universities Ws
September 2004
Free Speech
6
Filled with despair at the collapse of the student strike coupled with the extension of citizenship to the Jewish aliens, Codreanu and Ion Mota, a young nationalist from Transylvania, devised the assassination plot which ended in their betrayal and arrest.
At his trial in Bucharest, Codreanu took full responsibility for the plan. A botched persecution and the obvious sympathy of the jurors, all native Romanians, won him and his companions acquittal. Only Mota remained in prison: on the first day of the trial he had shot their betrayer in his cell.
Codreanu returned to Jassy and resumed his work of organizing for the National Christian Defense League. Lacking funds, and labor, Codreanu and the Brotherhood of the Cross, as the League's youth wing was known, set to work constructing a clubhouse at Ungheni, several miles from Jassy.
Codreanu and his supporters were not left in peace for long, however. Three weeks after beginning the construction project at Ungheni, the young men of the Brotherhood were surrounded by policemen, arrested, and hauled off to the Jassy police station. There they were beaten and otherwise abused. Only the intervention of a number of Jassy's leading citizens secured their release.
Codreanu and Professor Cuza appealed to the Minister of the Interior to remove the officer responsible, Police Prefect Manciu. Manciu was not even reprimanded' instead, he was decorated and promoted. The Jews of Jassy showed their appreciation by buying him a car.
Several months later, on October 25, 1925, Manciu again encountered Codreanu, this time at the courthouse, where Codreanu was preparing to defend a student who had been arrested in the police raid on the Ungheni site. Surrounded by a phalanx of gendarmes, Manciu lunged at Codreanu. This time Codreanu
refused to be humiliated. He drew his revolver and he shot the police prefect dead.
Codreanu was tried at Tunul Severin, in the extreme southwest of Romania, as far as possible from Moldavia, where sympathies ran strongly in Codreanu's favor. Nevertheless, the court, meeting in a large theater, was packed with thousands of Codreanu's supporters. Leading Romanians testified on Codreanu's behalf, while the state's witnesses stammered out unconvincing denials of Manciu's brutality. After deliberating for 25 minutes, the jurors proclaimed Codreanu innocent.
Codreanu restricted his political activity for the next year or so. Shortly after the Manciu trial he married Elena Ilinoiu. He and his bride then traveled to France, where Codreanu resumed his studies at the University of Grenoble and earned his doctorate in political economy.
In May 1927, Codreanu returned to Romania. The League of Christian National Defense had split into two factions, and Professor Cuza had summarily banished his opponents from the League.
A rift had been growing between Codreanu and Cuza for some time. Cuza was essentially a conservative, and despite his doctrinaire anti-Semitism, he had revealed himself more than once as willing to cooperate with the established political parties. The League also suffered from his lack of organizational ability.
Codreanu and several steadfast friends took their leave of Professor Cuza and the League of Christian National Defense. On June 24, 1927, at a small gathering in his Jassy apartment, Codreanu proclaimed a new movement: The Legion of Micheal the Archangel.
The Legion had no party program. As Codreanu wrote, "This country is dying of lack of men, not lack of programs... That, in other words, it is not programs that we must have, but men, new men. For such as people are today, formed by
politicians and infected by the Judaic influence, they will compromise the most brilliant political programs."
Codreanu envisioned the Legion as the school for the creation of these new men, a new Romanian aristocracy, a generation of heroes. The men of the Legion were to be animated by love of God and country, mutual loyalty, and a joyous acceptance of duty and sacrifice.
Thus, Codreanu recognized that a spiritual revolution was the precondition for a political revolution, if it was to create anything of lasting value.
Without a strong organizational structure, the aims of the Legion would have remained platitudes. Here, as well, Codreanu showed his genius. He organized the Legion on hierarchical lines. At each level, from the basic unit, the nest, up through town, city, county, and regional groups to the Captain, as Codreanu came to be called, the leader validated himself not though election but by ability and courage.
The fundamental Legionary unit, the nest, numbered from three to thirteen members. It comprised of men who already felt the same way, but who had to be taught the discipline of acting for a common purpose. To that end the men of the nest marched and sang together, distributed propaganda, and conducted weekly meetings. Just as important, they helped the impoverished peasants by numerous voluntary labor projects.
The nests were painstakingly established and made self-sufficient. At first in Moldavia and Bucovina, and then in Transylvania and Wallachia, the Legion gained strength. Soon Codreanu was in a position to reach out to the forgotten men and women of Romania: the peasants. No one in the country had suffered at the hands of the system and the system's Jewish masters.
Codreanu and his Legionaries quickly dispelled the
Continued on Page 13
September 2004
7
Free Speech
Another Card Falls
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of September 4, 2004
I've told you on this radio program before that Jewish power over our nation, omnipresent and oppressive as it is, is far more fragile than it appears. I've told you how much it depends on illusion and misdirection. I’ve told you it's like a house of cards — pull one or two out and the whole structure collapses to the floor.
This week, another card was knocked out of the Jews' paper castle as the Israeli lobby in Washington, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), and the neocon warmongers have been caught illegally passing American secrets to Israel.
In my program two weeks ago, "Icebergs and Whores," I told you about the McGreevey/ Kushner/Cipel scandal that brought the Jewish criminal empire to light there. A card fell when the homosexual blackmail of governor Jim McGreevey by Israeli intelligence operative Golan Cipel, whom McGreevey had appointed as the state's 'Homeland Security' czar, resulted in the governor's resignation; and when New Jersey's organized crime boss — and Jewish supremacist — Charles Kushner pleaded guilty to fraud in an illegal campaign and influence case, admitted he hired prostitutes to compromise the witnesses against him, and saw the fall of the governor he'd bought and paid for.
For the last two years and more we at the National Alliance warned you about the Zionist takeover of conservatism, their honeycombing of all important foreign| policy agencies, and their plans for a wide war in the Middle Bast, using
the 9/11 terror attacks as a pretext. For the last year and more, I and other writers for the Alliance, like William E. Ray and others, have told you that Syria and Iran are the next planned victims of Judaeo-American aggression. We were right. The AIPAC scandal involves passing of policy documents to AIPAC and to Israel — specifically, a secret presidential directive on US-Iran policy that wasn't even in its final form -- so that Jewish pressure could be applied in just the right way and to just the right people to allow the Jewish state to set American policy. The one Israeli agent fingered so far, Larry Franklin, was the Pentagon's chief Iran analyst and was known to be of strong neocon sympathies. He worked for one of the chief Jewish architects of the War for Israel in the Middle East, and Bush's number three man in the Pentagon, Douglas Feith. Feith was one of the strongest proponents of the bogus 'Weapons of Mass Destruction' charges against Iraq and he's been working, along with Franklin, on building up similar claims against Iran. [http://www.abc.net.au/4corners/ content/2003/20030310_ameri-candreamers/intfeith.htm]
All of these factors converged last week when the news media told us that there was "an Israeli mole" in Douglas Feith's office in the Department of Defense.
I like that understatement, don't you? — An Israeli mole. But let it pass. The mole, identified as Larry Franklin (of whom, curiously, not a single picture has ever been released), had been under surveillance by the FBI since 2002, not long after it was discovered that the lie-factory created by Feith and his ally Abram Shulsky — the so-called "Office of Special Plans" — sent Franklin and another agent to meet
with an Iran-contra-linked Iranian
arms trader in an effort to scuttle a cooperation deal between the US and Iran.
Larry Franklin was a DIA analyst and an attache at the U.S. embassy in Tel Aviv before he went to work for Wolfowitz and Feith. Journalist Juan Cole says, despite claims that he is not Jewish (his religion is reported Catholic), "Franklin has a strong Brooklyn accent and says he is 'from the projects'" and has an identification with Israel that led him to make Iran's alleged threat to the Zionist state the main focus of his career. Cole states that Franklin has a "strong association with the predominantly Jewish neoconservatives. I know that he is very close to Paul Wolfowitz. He seems a canny man and a political operator, and if he gave documents to AIPAC it was not an act of simple stupidity, as some observers have suggested. It was part of some clever scheme that became too clever by half." Whether he's Jewish by ancestry or not we cannot say at this point, but he has certainly thrown in his lot with
them, [http ://www. anti war. com/justi
n/?articleid=3479]
The irony of a mid-level desk officer being caught for passing on secret documents to AIPAC when AIPAC and Israel have frontdoor and top-level access to almost anything and anyone they want in the US government is not lost on me. The web of treason and alien infiltration is so thick everywhere that it overshadows and virtually obscures the legitimate functions of government that still manage to take place. AIPAC itself was cited by a Christian Zionist group saying as much in different words:
"Israel, [AIPAC] argued, simply has no need of the help of a mid-ranking Pentagon desk officer when it can simply pick up the
Free Speech
8
September 2004
phone and find out what it needs to know from the White House." [http://www.icej.org/cgi-local/ view.cgi?type=headline&artid=200 4/08/30/315603442]
And Israel's ambassador to the US, Danny Ayalon, made the same point: "For information on U.S. policy toward Iran we do not need assessments from a mid-level intelligence official in the Pentagon. I am in constant contact with Condoleezza Rice, the National Security Adviser, and other senior officials."
So why Franklin? It's a matter, I think, of the huge treason industry in Washington needing employees on every level, and also a matter of the lawmen knowing they would have to
1.	gather so much evidence that it couldn't be ignored or denied, and
2.	finding an agent at a high enough level to expose the corruption and criminality of the Zionist axis, but at a low enough level where the scrutiny and protection afforded to higher-ups would be absent, allowing the gathering of the maximum amount of evidence for the longest period of time.
One of the many Jewish writers at the captured magazine still called National Review, David Frum, admits the existence of a few honest men in government, though he's outraged that such people even exist. You can almost hear the trembling as he writes:
"But there are figures inside the US government who want to see Israel treated, not as the ally it is by law and treaty ...but as the source of all the trouble in the Middle East and the world." Frum, by the way, is the man who wrote Bush's "Axis of Evil" speech that made Iran a target along with Iraq. [http://www.nation-alreview.com/frum/diary083004. asp]
Despite the best efforts of the honest lawmen, however, it
looks like the investigation was made public earlier than they wanted, which may make it harder to get evidence on some of the bigger fish, since the highly efficient Jewish grapevine within the Pentagon passed along information that Franklin had been caught and was now "singing like a canary," so it was thought best to break the story before the investigation went higher up the ladder of Jewish power, make it more likely that it could be passed off as a low-level non-Jewish "grunt" passing on a few unimportant documents, and, most importantly, make sure that "everybody clammed up and shredded everything." [http://www.juancole.com/ 2004_08_01 _juancole_archive.html #109387843482849086]
The investigation, though now hampered by the glare of publicity, is continuing. The Jerusalem Post even reported that a computer belonging to Steve Rosen, AIPAC's director of foreign policy issues and one of the group's most influential officers, was seized by the FBI last Friday from AIPAC offices.
And many Congressmen and Senators and governors have a lot to lose, and some have even been puffing themselves up for the camera to gloss over the spy issue and blow the same hot air about our "gallant little ally" Israel that they've been paid to spout for decades. New York's Republican governor, George Pataki, according to the Jewish Telegraphic Agency (JTA), "made a surprise appearance at a private [AIPAC] event last Saturday to show solidarity with the Israel lobby." How cozy.
The House Democratic Whip, Maryland's Steny Hoyer rushed to the microphones and said: "I have worked with AIPAC for many years. They are a very successful, strong, and committed organization and do a tremendous job advocating for the important US-Israel relationship." Yawn.
House Majority Whip Roy Blunt of Missouri joined in, though the sweat was showing:
"AIPAC has worked hard to build its credibility with members of Congress on both sides of the aisle... While the House will want to look carefully at any allegations that might endanger our national security, it will begin that look with a record of great confidence in our relationship with AIPAC and our strongest ally and the only democracy in the Middle East, Israel."
Sick. The beads of sweat must be from fear of exposure. Thoughts of Cipel and McGreevey must be dancing in our representative's heads these days.
The bland words of justification are just for the cameras, though. Privately, the Post reports: "some in Washington said they expected that US officials would be reluctant to meet with AIPAC staffers, at least in the immediate short-term, now that there is a suspicion that AIPAC is being monitored by the FBI. ...'The biggest implication, is that mid-level officials will not be meeting with AIPAC. They don't want to be seen with them,' said one Washington lobbyist."
Speaking of what the goyim — that's us — will think after the AIPAC affair, one Jewish leader admitted: "They will question what Jewish organizations are doing and what their real agenda is." [http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satel lite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/Sho wFull&cid= 1093921795845]
[http ://www.j ta.org/page_view_stor y.asp?intarticleid=14439&intcate-goryid=3]
No kidding. And it's about
time.
It's about time that the sort of outrages reported by Lt. Col. Karen Kwiatkowski were stopped for good. According to investigative journalist Jim Lobe, Col. Kwiatkowski worked in the Pentagon's Near East and South
September 2004
9
Free Speech
Asia office and worked closely with the interlocking administrations of her office and Feith's and Shulsky's "Office of Special Plans" (OSP):"[S]he recounts one incident in which she helped escort a group of half a dozen Israelis, including several generals, from the first floor reception area to Feith’s office. 'We just followed them, because they knew exactly where they were going and moving fast.' When the group arrived, she noted the book which all visitors are required to sign under special regulations that took effect after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. 'I asked his secretary, "Do you want these guys to sign in?" She said, "No, these guys don't have to sign in."' It occurred to her, she said, that the office may have deliberately not wanted to maintain a record of the meeting." [http://www.anti-war.com/cole/?articleid=3467]
And even some establishment writers are starting to understand the enormity of the danger that the Zionist takeover of the US poses. Writing in the International Herald Tribune, William Pfaff tells us what American Dissident Voices told you more than a year ago: "Neocons have Iran in their sights." Pfaff quotes neocon bigwig Norman Podhoretz, saying: "I am not advocating the invasion of Iran at this moment..." :Pfaff warns us: "Israel has an interest in promoting, if not exaggerating, Iran's supposed strate-| gic threat to the United States. Iran already threatens Israel's interest in remaining the unchallenged military power of the region."
Sound familiar? Shades of Saddam Hussein.
Writing in the Israeli newspaper Haaretz, Itamar Rabinovich, the former Israeli ambassador to the US, is very worried about the implications of this awakening, especially in light of the AIPAC spy scandal. Citing Pfaf, he says: "In other words, watch out for Podhoretz and
his Jewish followers, who may soon drag the United States into an unnecessary military operation against Iran, just as they did with Iraq. The conceptual connection between this argument and affairs of the 'Pentagon mole' type is clear and disturbing. According to Pfaff, if Podhoretz's neocon disciples are able to drag the United States into a war in Iraq, and perhaps Iran too, for the sake of Israeli interests and against its very own, then they cannot be trusted even if they hold key administration positions. A further extension of this logic would hold that aspersions should be cast on the dialogue Israel's friends are holding with members of Congress and administration officials. These are very serious and dangerous words, especially when written by a veteran columnist in an important newspaper. The assumptions and mood implicit in them mean that Israel and the Jewish community in the United States must take an in-depth look at what is being said and what is merely hinted." [http://www. haaretz.com/hasen/spages/ 471812.html]
When neocons and Jewish leaders start telling their fellow Jews to "lie low" and keep a "low profile" on a certain issue, we can be sure they're up to something but don't want to take responsibility for their actions. Back when the Iraq war was being launched, we revealed that AIPAC conferee: "Eyal Arad, who also happens to be Ariel Sharon's campaign advisor, explicitly stated that the Bush administration had requested that the Jewish lobby group 'keep a low profile in this conflict"' for fear that the Jewish source of the push for war would be revealed. [http://www.natvan.com/pub/2003/ 040503.txt][http://www.natvan.com /free-speech/fs0209b.html]
Well, there's been another 'low profile' warning again, this
. 7 ---- v uuccior oi Israeli
Military Intelligence, Aharon Zeevi who urged his co-racialists in Israel to let the EU and the US appear to take the lead in the run-up to conflict with Iran: "Israel must not take
center stage on this issue, but instead leave space for the Americans and Europeans to handle this issue," he said in a cabinet meeting at which Ariel Sharon and his ministers and aides were present. "Iran's nuclear program threatens not only Israel but also the Gulf states and Europe. Any hasty declaration (by Israel) can only harm international ...efforts. It would be much better for us to maintain a low profile." [http://www.iranmania. com/News/ArticleView/
Default.asp?NewsCode-25007&Ne
wsKind=Current%20Affairs]
With the exposure of these Jewish warmongers and spies, another card has fallen. If you are willing to save the lives of your sons and daughters and rescue the honor and future of our nation, do so now. With your help, with your name and reputation and resources behind us, we can make card after card fall down and topple the shaky edifice of criminal Jewish power, criminal Jewish lies, and criminal Jewish bloodlust that is killing us. It's worth some sacrifice. Don't let the honest men -- who are putting their careers and their lives on the line to fight this fight — down.
Demand that your representatives have nothing more to do with AIPAC. Demand criminal and war crimes investigations. Demand that AIPAC's tax-free status be revoked. Educate your friends and neighbors. Don't let the issue drop. Kick down the house of cards and grind it into dust. Join the National Alliance.
Free Speech
10
September 2004
I Remember 9/11
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of September 11, 2004
I remember 9/11. I remember 9/11/1983, Dr. William Pierce's 50th birthday celebration, when some of the local DC-area National Alliance members bought him a specially-engraved crystal goblet for the occasion. The National Alliance had been reorganized under Dr. Pierce from the old NYA or National Youth Alliance nine years before — but, with Dr. Pierce's legendary Scotch economy, the old sign was still on the door, still reading 'National Youth Alliance.' I don't think it ever came down, until Dr. Pierce moved the Alliance's headquarters to West Virginia.
The Alliance ran all its operations from a single cramped office in 1983, with just three rooms: one for Dr. Pierce's personal office (which was his Siamese cat's domain, too), one for the main library/reception area, and one for a storage room and shipping desk. The book catalogue was a single page. There was no American Dissident Voices radio program. There was no Free Speech magazine. Web sites hadn't been invented yet. There was no property at all, except the contents of the rooms — the office, in a declining mixed residential section of Arlington near Crystal City, was rented. There was the National Alliance member's Bulletin, though, and National Vanguard had changed less than two years before from a tabloid newspaper to a slick magazine. The small office was always abuzz with activity and visitors. I had first been there about a year before, and was very impressed with the character, intelligence, and overall quality of the people I met there, one of whom was the late Richard Berkeley Cotten, whom I'd heard on the radio years before. I met some interesting people there; writers, publishers, government workers, people fairly
high up in the diplomatic, financial, and scientific establishments. It was there that I was introduced to the works of Revilo Oliver. It was there that Dr. Pierce took the time to talk with me and answer my questions. It was there that my life was changed forever.
I remember on one of my earlier visits to Arlington, Dr. Pierce tested me. He asked me to repair a piece of equipment he used to produce National Vanguard in those days before the advent of desktop publishing. I think he really wanted the equipment repaired, but he also wanted to see what kind of mind the young broadcast engineer named Kevin had. The equipment was an even-then-ancient mechanical photo-optical device called a Varitype Headliner, used to create strips of paper with large headlines printed on them in various fonts, to be glued to layout sheets for use as captions in the magazine or newspaper. Like many items of equipment that Dr. Pierce used over the years, he had purchased it at a GSA government surplus auction for pennies on the dollar.
I successfully repaired the Headliner, though I had no schematic or even a manual and had to figure out how it was supposed to work just by examining it. I think Dr. Pierce was impressed. He liked people who could figure things out for themselves and do mechanical work. He was very good at that sort of thing himself, and would later do most of the designing and much of the labor for the new Alliance facilities, the ones we use today. He even made his own parts and tools in his workshop. Within a few months, I was designing and building a sound system, telephone system, and alarm system for the National Office — and I was working with the Headliner and scissors and paste and the yellowed copies of the old tabloid newspapers, editing and pasting up the book that became The Best of Attack and National Vanguard. By that time, we'd had
plenty of discussions and Dr. Pierce trusted me to do the selection and editing work for the book, and write the introduction. It took a year of my life.
And I remember 9/11/1984. The Best of book was finally finished. And Dr. Pierce was ready to move out of Arlington to more congenial surroundings in the clean air and mountains of West Virginia. After many years, by scrimping and saving and living on next to nothing (for a while, he even slept in the office), Dr. Pierce was able to accumulate enough money from contributions and dues and sales of the first editions of The Turner Diaries and Which Way Western Man? to buy some acreage in West Virginia. Around Labor Day that year, he made the announcement with a slide show and speech at the National Alliance general convention, a speech which I've used as a broadcast on American Dissident Voices. And it was right around that time that I visited the property which is now home to the Alliance's complex of offices, warehouses, staff housing, and the William Pierce Memorial Hall. But then it was quite different. There was no office building, no housing, nothing. Nothing but a very old and crumbling farmhouse built around the time of the Calvin Coolidge administration, some even more crumbling storage buildings and a rickety outhouse. The next few years were a succession of hot, hot summers and freezing winters filled with hard work, much of it manual labor. A few families came to help. I did my share of moving truckload after truckload of material up to 'the Hill,' technical work, and quite a bit of ditch-digging too, along with other volunteers including National Vanguard writer Robert Pate. The ditches were nearly six feet deep to protect the telephone, water, and electrical lines from frost heaves. Believe me, it's not easy to run ditches like that — with no power equipment — across thousands of feet of rocky West
September 2004
11
Free Speech
Virginia hills. But we did it. And a lot more, too. Dr. Pierce did most of it himself, with an infectious energy and boyish optimism that the seemingly impossible could and would get done. And it did. Prior to 2002,1 probably had never worked harder in my life. Dr. Pierce could inspire that kind of extra effort. He even designed and implemented an innovative underground-water-source heat pump and air conditioning system for the main building and wired surplus pole transformers back-to-back in an unusual coaxial high-tension power distribution system that fed all the buildings on the property.
Dr. Pierce loved the view from the summit of the National Alliance land in West Virginia. He would often go there in the early morning hours, when fog still shrouded the lowlands, and look out into the distance from his sunny peak above the fog, which looked like a white sea beneath his gaze, with only the highest mountains poking out of it, occasional green islands. He looked almost exactly like the man in Caspar Friedrich's The Wanderer Above the Mists, one of his favorite paintings. The symbolism is potent: Dr. Pierce had attained the summit; he had solved the conundrums of our world and our lives; and he was trying to inspire others to leave the fog below and join him. He dreamed of building a new home for himself on that high spot, though he never was able to do that. His ashes are scattered there.
Fast forward a few years, to 9/11/1989. The Alliance was still growing and making an impact (it was around this time, for example, that we were making quite a media splash with our shareholder resolutions calling on AT&T to renounce 'affirmative action' and stop doing business in Israel). But there had been some serious setbacks at the National Office. The families who had come to live there had drifted away or left for personal reasons, and Dr. Pierce was carrying on all alone. Even his wife had left him. It was lonely on those 300 acres. There was no one to answer the
mail, answer the telephone, write and compose the Bulletin and the magazine, no one to maintain the small trailer homes that had been brought in (in one of which Dr. Pierce lived, while he dreamed of building his new home on the heights), no one to finish the new National Office building, no one to keep the plumbing and electrical system going — no one, that is, except Dr. Pierce. And he did keep them going, and he did inspire others to join him, and the progress, growth, and expansion of the Alliance he set in motion is still taking place, and is evidence of his energy, faith, and dedication. And in the middle of all that, he wrote an important new novel, Hunter, as a sequel to The Turner Diaries.
I remember 9/11/1991. It was right around that time that Robert Pate and William Pierce and I were in Dr. Pierce's office, the Siamese cat sleeping on top of the warm computer monitor, as he usually did. I had been persuaded to come and work at the National Office full time, and we were discussing an idea for a proposed National Alliance radio program, which we christened American Dissident Voices. A few weeks later, the program was on the air. Initially on shortwave only, then on numerous AM and FM stations and ultimately, thanks to our Web geniuses led by Evelyn Hill, reaching its biggest audience by far on the Internet in both text and audio versions. I produced the programs for the first five years, then Dr. Pierce for another five, and now I've been back for another two. In 1995, we started publishing the programs in Free Speech magazine. In later years, Dr. Pierce would say that American Dissident Voices "gave me my voice."
And I remember Dr. Pierce's final birthday, his 68th, on 9/11/2001. So many things he warned us about came true on that day, or shortly thereafter: The rage of the oppressed he had told us would be the price we would pay for our subservience to the Jewish state, when he suggested in a 1998 ADV
that we "stay out of tall buildings" came to us forcefully on that day-the creation of a police state under the concept of 'Homeland Security' which he made part of the plot of 1989's Hunter, the complete hijacking of the 'conservative movement by Zionist Jews, which he'd talked about for decades; the imminent use of US troops to fight Israel's enemies; and a hundred other things he's been proved right about came to a head on his last birthday.
Once, when Dr. Pierce was filling out some corporate papers, he had to write down what his official title was. He didn't write down chairman, though he was that. He didn't write down president or director or leader — though he was all of those things, too. He wrote down one word: 'Teacher.' And that is how I think he wanted to be remembered most. He was teacher of facts, of principles, of ideas. And he was a teacher by example. His scholarship, his insights, and his character will be lessons for our people for centuries to come. When I remember 9/11, I will remember William Pierce, one of our people's greatest teachers.
All over the world this weekend, thousands of National Alliance members and supporters are freely distributing mass quantities of National Alliance literature in the annual William L. Pierce Memorial Literature Distribution. By downloading our flyers from the 'print your own leaflets' section at natvan.com and giving them out in your community, you can take part in the celebration. Join us!
Two thousand years ago, the Roman poet Ovid said: "What is there harder than stone? And what is softer than water? Yet hard stones are hollowed out by soft and flowing water. Only persist, and you will overcome."
Ovid wrote these words in his book The Art of Love to encourage lovers to diligently pursue the object of their affection, and to never give up. Sometimes it seems like White people are totally blinded by the mediasphere and cockeyed religion, and cannot see the threats
Free Speech
12
September 2004
to their existence. Sometimes it seems like our race is locked in a trance, staring straight ahead and ignoring us or lashing out at us as we frantically warn them of the precipice ahead. Sometimes the voice of Death itself whispers in our ears, urging us to stop striving: "Give up, give up, relax and float downstream," Death whispers. But we have learned the lesson of Ovid's lovers, the same lesson that William Pierce taught us every day of his life. He never gave up. The object of our transcendent love is the most exquisite, beautiful, and creative race on the planet -- our race -- the
doubts of the rural folk. They made no promises, nor did they ask for support. Instead, marching or riding on horseback into the villages, singing the songs of Romania's heroic past, they established their kinship with the impoverished farmers by pitching in and helping wherever they were needed. The nests dug ditches, mended fences, repaired houses, and helped with the harvest. The green-shirted Legionaries spoke of a coming Romania, where everyone would have his place, not according to wealth or his learning, but according to his character and his faith.
By 1931 the Legionary Movement was strong enough to contest the elections. But, the election was not a success. The governing parties did everything in their power to destroy the Legion and its companion movement, the Iron Guard, which had been established as the militant wing of the Legion the previous year. In January 1931 the government banned the Legion and the Guard after a nationalist student, unaffiliated with the Legion, had attempted to assassinate a cabinet minister. Although the courts vindicated Codreanu and his movement, the Legion's election campaign was effectively stifled, and no Legionaries were elected to the assembly.
race that holds the future of the universe in its hands. This is a love that encompasses within it all the great loves that have ever been or ever will be. No love is greater than this. No value is more important. No determination is more stalwart. Not only will we never give up, those who have been granted the view from the summit that Dr. Pierce gave us can never give up.
And we are going to win. Happy birthday, William Pierce.
Codreanu and the Legion Continued
But Codreanu and his father were victorious in by-elections held in Moldavia in 1932, and the Legion entered the National Assembly.
As support for the Legionary Movement increased, its Jewish opponents grew less cautious about violating the niceties of the democratic process, to which Codreanu allegedly posed such a threat. As historian Eugen Weber, hardly sympathetic to the Legion, wrote of the Jew-dominated Romanian establishment: "To any real threat against the established order, its beneficiaries reached by all the means at their command, however violent, however illegal: army, police, gendarmerie, the courts-both military and civil, the administrative apparatus with all its possibilities of intimidation and chicanery, were mobilized against those who challenged the system."
In 1933, the Liberal government of Ion Duca, egged on by his foreign minister, Nicolae Titulescu, one of Jewry's chief agents in Romania, banned the Legion once more. The inevitable mass arrests followed: Legionaries by the thousands were imprisoned in concentration camps. There were still men of honor in the Romanian judiciary, however. Only Duca's executioners were convicted; Codreanu and his Legionaries were found innocent.
Dr. William Pierce
For the next three years the Legionary movement built up its strength and prestige. In the December 1937 elections the Legion's electoral front, All for the Fatherland, became the third strongest party in the land. The Legionary success, coupled with the heavy losses suffered by the establishment parties, seemed to raise the possibility of a coalition government dominated by Codreanu.
One man stood in his way: King Carol II, who was empowered by the constitution to confirm or reject ministerial governments proposed by the National Assembly. Carol was a man of authoritarian leanings but weak character. His extra-marital affair with Jewess, Magda Lupescu (nee Wolff), as well as his extravagance and greed, had resulted in his father, King Ferdinand, disinheriting him. After Ferdinand's death, Carol had returned to Romania from France in 1930. With the approbation of the ruling parties, he dethroned his son Micheal and set himself up as King Carol II, with Madga Lupescu as his consort.
Carol refused to confirm any government including the Legion. After authorizing a weak rightist party to form a caretaker government, King Carol seized
Continued on Page 18
September 2004
13
Free Speech
Taking Responsibility, Part 1: an interview with National Alliance Chairman Erich Gliebe
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of September 18, 2004
Today, we're proud to welcome to the American Dissident Voices microphones Mr. Erich Gliebe, a man who had one of the heaviest and most profound responsibilities imaginable placed on his shoulders two years ago. Upon the death of William Pierce, he was named Chairman of the National Alliance, the largest and most important group working for the interests of White Americans and White people worldwide. He had already been chosen several years before by Dr. Pierce to be the chief executive of the pro-White music firm Resistance Records. Today, in addition to his role as Alliance Chairman, he continues as head of Resistance and editor of Resistance magazine, and he also directs the activities of National Vanguard Books, the sponsor of this program and publisher of National Vanguard magazine.
KAS: Welcome to the program, Erich.
EG: Hello, Kevin, it's great to be on.
KAS: First, let me ask you: How do you manage to do so much? How can you fulfill so many responsibilities?
EG: Actually, sometimes 1 ask myself that question. I work around the clock, constantly involved in doing one thing or another, whether it's for the Alliance, for the book company, or the record company.
KAS: You're also still the head of the Alliance's Local Unit in Cleveland. You're still involved there.
EG: Yes. I have a good Local Unit up there, and the members there have known me for a long
Eric Gliebe & William Pierce’s brother Sanders Pierce at the Dr. William Pierce Memorial held 23 July 2005 at the Hillsoboro Campus
time and have worked with me for many years, and, working together, the Unit is able to accomplish so much. I am looking for someone else to fill my position as Coordinator; I just haven't come up with the right individual yet.
KAS: It is amazing that you do so much. Can you tell me a little bit about your family background? -- and how old are you?
EG: I'm 40 years old and I was bom and raised in Cleveland, Ohio. My parents emigrated to this country from Europe in the 1950s, met over here and eventually got married. My father was bom in the German nation of Gottschee, which no longer exists. http://www.revilo-oliver.com/rpo/Ihr_Landchen.html Gottschee, which was located just south of Austria, in what is now Slovenia, was founded in 1330 by German tribes who had emigrated from northern Germany. The country ceased to exist in 1941, when the Communist partisans drove the Gottscheers out, burning and ransacking their villages, killing and torturing scores of them. Those who
survived fled to Austria on foot, taking only what few belongings they could carry. That was a real holocaust. And, of course, you're not going to read about the fate of the Gottscheers in modem history books. They're just one of many groups of ethnic Germans, including the Donauschwabens, Silesians, and East Pmssians, who suffered greatly before, during, and after the Second World War.
My mother also had a very tough upbringing. She was bom in 1938 in a Bavarian town outside of Munich, Germany — and she had to live through all the Allied bombing raids during the war. Remember, the Allies engaged in the systematic practice of bombing German civilian towns in the hope of breaking the backbone and will of the German people. The bombing of Dresden was probably the most horrific example of these Allied war crimes. My mother had told me of the horrors of being in Kindergarten, and first or second grade, and hearing tapping on the classroom windows — which would be the signal for the kids to run down into the bomb shelter so they wouldn't be victims of Allied geno-cidal bombing.
According to my Mom, the situation in Germany got even worse in the two or three years after the war, when there was hardly any food at all to be found in Germany. In fact, the German people were so malnourished after the war that 92 out of every 100 German babies bom in the summer of 1945 died within ten days.
KAS: Unbelievable. Now, you've given some hint of this, but your childhood, because of your background, must have been somewhat different from the average American childhood.
EG: Yes. For one thing, because of the hardships that my
Free Speech
14
September 2004
parents endured during their upbringing in Europe — they virtually had nothing — I definitely wasn't spoiled like most American kids today are. And because of the positive influences they received growing up under National Socialism, I was taught about honor, self-discipline, and racial pride at a very early age.
And, also very importantly,
I learned about the Jewish problem at a very young age. Of course, it was a bit difficult at times: I'd mention the Jews to the kids at school and they'd look at me kind of funny — they didn't know what I was talking about. Also at that time, the Jewish media were in overkill mode with an onslaught of anti-German and anti-White movies and TV sitcoms.
KAS: Now, your father was actually a soldier in World War II, serving on the Eastern Front, wasn't he?
EG: Yes, my father served in the German Wehrmacht, in an Austrian mountain division on the Eastern Front. He was shot in the face by a Red Army officer and left for dead. He summoned the courage to survive, but was eventually captured and sent to a POW camp — a camp that was so brutal that the German prisoners had to sift through horse manure for food, looking for com kernels or anything else the horses couldn't digest.
Now, fortunately, my father spoke a Slavic language, which impressed one of the guards who happened to "look the other way" when my father escaped from the camp. He eventually caught up with
his company, and continued to fight through the end of the war, when he was captured and spent close to a year in a British-mn POW camp.
KAS: Did he pass along any lessons to you from that period of his life?
EG: Absolutely, absolutely. He instilled in me a great sense of self-discipline, and honor, and racial pride and consciousness. I remember as a kid I would always listen intently as my father spoke of his war experiences. As a young boy, I would stare at the scar on my father's face where he was shot. And I tried to imagine what it would be like to fight to the death for something I believed in.
KAS: He was a survivor, wasn't he?
EG: Definitely. He was a survivor and he was a fighter. In fact, at the end of the war he even refused to surrender. He was captured after the initial German surrender.
KAS: What made him decide to come to America?
EG:	Basically, it was
because his original homeland, Gottschee, no longer existed. He thought he would be able to carve out a future in America, which was big and wide open and was in need of skilled German and other European immigrants.
KAS: When you were a young man or an adolescent, you took up the sport of boxing, and you eventually became a professional boxer. What brought you into that profession?
EG: Well, I had always enjoyed watching boxing, and I con-
sidered it to be the ultimate physical challenge for a man. When I was about 13 years old, I went to a movie theatre and I saw the first Rocky movie. Then I went back the next day and the day after that. And I knew what I wanted to do when I grew up right then and there. Boxing came naturally to me, and I eventually turned professional. I was undefeated in eight pro fights, with seven of the wins coming by knockouts. And I fought openly as a White racialist.
KAS: I have never heard of a boxer doing that. Are you the first and only?
EG: As far as I know. I don't know of any other. I don't know of any other athlete who has performed openly as a White racialist.
KAS: How did you do that? How do you perform as a boxer and as a White racialist?
EG: I used the moniker 'The Aryan Barbarian.' And, it was funny — the members of the crowd either loved me or hated me. There were no fence-sitters during my fights. I was hoping to use my status as a professional fighter to speak out for my race. The non-White athletes were doing it. Black athletes like Muhammad Ali were heroes for their people.
And there are virtually no White athletes today who will stand up for their race, out of fear of being called a "racist."
KAS: How old were you at the time?
EG: I started taking boxing seriously after high school, and turned professional at the age of 24.
I remember a few years
September 2004
15
Free Speech
back, when baseball pitcher John Rocker made some truthful racial comments in an interview — and he was literally tarred and feathered by the media and by major league baseball. Unfortunately, he then apologized and suffered an emotional meltdown, with his career never being the same again.
What we really need are some White professional athletes to stand up for their race. I think if they did that, it would open the doors for others, and it would move young White kids today to be proud of who they are.
Getting back to boxing: What I really liked about boxing is that often, what victory came down to was not who was the most talented or physically-gifted fighter — but who wanted it more. Many times, in the early rounds of a fight, the faster and more crafty boxer will build up a lead, only to have his underskilled opponent absorb the punches, grit it out, and later pound out a win. In the later rounds of a fight, it is often three non-physical qualities - heart, will, and determination — that decide who will be the victor.
In my writings, I often draw analogies between boxing and the struggle for White racial survival that we are facing. Right now, our race is against the ropes. We have what it takes to win — but how bad do we want to win this fight? How hard are we willing to work for it? What are we willing to sacrifice? Victory is ours, but only if we want it.
KAS:	Intelligence isn't
enough by itself.
EG: Exactly.
Unfortunately, many Whites think that the Jews are such a powerful force and are so well-connected that we can't defeat them. Let me tell you a little story; a true story that happened about a dozen years ago. I was on vacation in Canada, sitting around a lake, when a guy about 30 years old approached me and asked me if I'd like to go fishing out on his boat. I had nothing else going, so I accepted his offer.
We got out to the middle of the lake, dropped our lines in the water, and he began ranting about how arrogant and demanding his Jewish girlfriend was. And in the next moment, unaware of who I was, he told me that he himself was a Jew. He then delved even further into his own personal life, admitting that he was a recovering alcoholic and a former heroin addict who spent most of his free time watching pomo movies.
I looked over at him and thought to myself: This guy is pathetic.
These Jews aren't all-powerful supermen. He didn't have a big "S" on his chest -- although he did have a big gut, and his pants were falling down...
KAS: (laughter)
EG: Anyway, enough said
there.
KAS: The example of an athlete speaking out is something
that we've talked about privately — and not just athletes, but other White figures who are in the public eye. If we could get just one or two, it could start a tidal wave. Certainly people who are at the top of their profession, including politicians, know the score about Jewish power.
EG: Sure. For instance, if a prominent White professional athlete would stand up for his race - or if White Hollywood actors like Tom Hanks or Mel Gibson were to stand up and say they were proud to be White — we would have so many people knocking down our door to find out about the National Alliance that we wouldn't know what to do with them. Imagine if a White businessman like Bill Gates were to wake up one day and realize he was White.
KAS: Someone in a position like that may be listening today, Erich.
If you did that yourself, at that young age, you must have already been very racially aware. When did you first start to think about the world in racial terms?
EG: As far back as I can remember, I was always racially conscious. I was always proud of who I was. And I always noticed that there were differences between the races; not just physical differences, but mental as well as emotional differences.
KAS: Why didn't the propaganda of the mass media and the schools rub off on you then?
EG:	Because common
American Dissident Voices
Worldwide on Shortwave:
Saturday 6:00pm Eastern Time (Saturday 23:00 UTC) 5.085 and 6.890 MHz via WWRB
Saturday 11:00pm Eastern Time (Sunday 4:00 UTC)
5.085 MHz via WWRB
In addition to the shortwave broadcasts, the text and audio files of the broadcast are available at all times through the Internet at
www.natvan.com and www.natall.com
Hosted by Shaun Walker
Free Speech
16
September 2004
sense prevailed. It also didn't hurt that I was involved in boxing, a sport that's predominantly non-White. You see firsthand the racial differences there. I didn't hate them
—	but I prefer to be around my own.
KAS: I understand. Erich, what people have had the greatest influence on your life, and why?
EG: Definitely my father — as well as Dr. William Pierce, the founder and former Chairman of the National Alliance. My father helped instill in me a great sense of self-discipline and racial consciousness -
-	as well as the determination to succeed in life.
And, though I had always strived for self-perfection, working with Dr. Pierce on a daily basis for over 12 years reinforced in me two very important things that I always think about. One was purpose in life and the other was responsibility to my race as a White man. Very few people today think of purpose in life or responsibility.
KAS: I agree with you. When did you first meet William Pierce?
EG: I first met Dr. Pierce back in 1990, shortly after I joined the National Alliance. I drove down from Cleveland to West Virginia — it actually took me an hour to get up his driveway at that time, it was so overgrown, rocky, and bumpy. And Dr. Pierce was the only person living on the property at that time.
KAS: I remember those
days.
EG: Yes. He was a bit cautious when he met me, for good reason — as he would be when he met anyone for the first time. He and I seemed to hit it off right away, and he saw that I was very passionate about what I wanted to do for the organization. As soon as I joined the Alliance, I was a ball of fire. I tried to do something every chance I got -- and if I wasn't doing something, I was at least thinking about doing something for the Cause.
KAS: Can you tell us a few of the things you did, initially?
EG: On my first visit to the National Office, I brought with me about $1,000. I loaded up my car with copies of Turner Diaries, Hunter, Best of Attack books as well as book catalogues, stickers, flyers... And I started manning a table at gun shows. And I eventually started recruiting members, one at a time. I also kept a stack of flyers in my car, and every day, on the way home from work, I would stop at different parking lots and put flyers on windshields.
KAS: You have one of the best personal recruiting records of anyone in the Alliance, ever — isn't that true?
EG: That's what I've been told, (laughter) My success in recruiting can be attributed to a few things. One is persistence. And I was always trying to think of new ideas, new ways to get our message out, new ways to reach people. And I was always very patient with potential recruits. As a matter of fact, it took me three years to recruit one man who is now one of the best members we have. That was three years of calling him every other day, sending him literature several times a week, and sort of stroking him along. I was very patient with him. And since he joined, he's also been a ball of fire.
KAS: Excellent.
EG: Also, I was never afraid to try new things — and I was never afraid of failure. If I failed at something, I would chalk it up as a learning experience and I would try something else.
KAS: You've got that 'never give up' mentality that Dr. Pierce had, too.
EG: Absolutely. And I can draw an analogy to my boxing days: There were times when I was fighting when I would swallow some heavy leather, and my cobwebs might have been a bit shook up. But I bit down hard, and then I knew that the only way for my opponent to beat me was to kill me — and I wasn't ready to die.
KAS: (laughter) Now, as time went on, after you did all of this recruiting work, eventually Dr. Pierce made use of your talents at a higher level. Can you tell me about that?
EG: Almost right off the bat, he appointed me to be the Cleveland Unit Coordinator, and I began building up a Local Unit in Cleveland.
KAS: What year was that?
EG: That was in late 1990. At the time, the Cleveland Local Unit was the only Unit the Alliance had. We didn't have another Unit until 1993, when we formed the New York Local Unit.
I remember Dr. Pierce telling me all the time "Keep it up. Keep going. Help the Alliance get over the hump," and eventually other Units would be formed and the ball would get rolling. And that's what I did. I try to use the Cleveland Unit as an example for others to follow.
KAS: And several years later you became involved in Resistance Records.
EG: Yes. About five years ago, Dr. Pierce asked me to run Resistance Records, a pro-White music company which he had purchased earlier that year. I thought about it, and decided that I would give it my best shot, even though I had not worked in the music industry before. I knew the direction that Dr. Pierce wanted to take the record company as well as the music, and I knew what the big picture was. We needed to recruit more young people.
I realized that a lot of young people today simply do not read --whether it's because of short attention spans, whether it's because of so many distractions like 300-channel cable televisions and so forth. I also realized that almost all young people listen to music, a lot of them listening to popular music, to rock music they hear on the radio. They listen to this music over and over again, and eventually the lyrics will
September 2004
17
Free Speech
become embedded in their minds. If there was a pro-White message in the lyrics, one might hope that that would become embedded in their minds — and they would start thinking about things, start asking questions, and develop a sense of racial consciousness if they didn't already have one.
KAS: Let's go back in time, just for a moment, before we go on with Resistance. When did you first hear of the National Alliance and mesh that in with your already-developed racial consciousness?
EG: Well, it wasn't until 1989 that I found out about the National Alliance. Up until that point — though I'd always been racially conscious -1 never knew of any organization in which I could
power for himself and his Jewish masters in February 1938. A puppet government ostensibly headed by the Orthodox Patriarch of Bucharest was set up. The driving force in the administration was the Minister of Justice, the ruthless Armand Calinescu.
Calinescu immediately ordered the roundup of the Legionaries. Despite Codreanu's disbanding of his movement's political arm and his steadfast refusal to take violent action against the unlawful regime, he was arrested, tried, and convicted of conspiracy against the state in a rigged trial held before a military court. He was sentenced to ten years confinement at hard labor.
Despite Codreanu's imprisonment, his enormous moral authority continued to inspire the outlawed and hunted Legionaries. The Jews cried out for his blood. Magda Lupescu, like a modern-day Esther, pleaded with her lover to have him killed.
On November 29, 1938, in the dead of night, Codreanu and 13 of his fellow Legionaries were
have used my talents to further the Cause. I just didn't see anything out there.
Then in 1989 an elderly German man handed me a copy of National Vanguard. I read the publication cover to cover, and it just totally blew my mind that there was something out there so intelligently written, expressing everything exactly the way I felt. I guess you could say Dr. Pierce's writing moved my racial soul. So I ordered a couple back issues of the magazine, and along with that came a book catalogue. I opened it up, and, lo and behold, there were hundreds of books that I'd always wanted to read but didn't know where to find them. I began ordering one book after another.
And eventually I knew what I had to do. I realized that I had to
Codreanu and the Legion Continued
removed from their cells in the prison at Ramnicul-Sarat. From there they were trucked into a forest. Then, hands bound behind their backs, they were strangled in accord with the Talmudic ritual. After they were dead, their killers shot them in the back of the head. The story was put out that they tried to escape.
Codreanu's murderers had little time to savor their triumph. Within two years, Calinescu was dead, assassinated by the Legionaries, and King Carol, whose vacillating foreign policy had resulted the dismemberment of Romania at the hands of Russia, Hungary, and Bulgaria, had been forced to abdicate. He and Magda Lupescu departed Romania forever.
King Carol's regime was followed by a short-lived Legionary government. The social activism and revolutionary idealism of the Legion, however, rendered it unpalatable to the strong man of the regime. Marshal Ion Antonescu, who was only nominally a member of the Legion. Antonescu, in firm command of the army, was able to suppress the Legion in February
1941.
join the National Alliance. There were no ifs, ands, or buts about it I joined, and...
KAS: And in less than two years, you were heading the Cleveland Unit, and making it an example for others to follow.
We'll continue our interview with National Alliance Chairman Erich Gliebe next week on American Dissident Voices. Be sure to be listening as we discuss Mr. Gliebe's role in the building and evolution of Resistance Records, the severe tests and challenges the National Alliance faced after the untimely death of Dr. Pierce, the tremendous moment of decision when Mr. Gliebe accepted his new leadership role, and the importance of the National Alliance for the future of our race.	^JU
The overthrow of the Legionary government was far from marking the end of the Legion. Individual Legionaries fought with selfless heroism in the defense of Romania against the conquering hordes from the East. After Antonescu's regime capitulated to the Russians, the men of the Legion fought on as long as they were able. The puppet regime which the Soviets brought to power after the war (headed by the Jewess Ana Pauker) hunted down, tortured and killed members of the Legion with a sadistic zeal.
The Legion lives on, however, and with it lives Comelieu Codreanu. Legionaries in exile, all over the world, keep alive and propagate the Captain's ideas through a tireless work of translation and publishing. It can be justly said that the memory of none of the heroic leaders of the revolution which swept Europe in the 1920's, '30's, and '40's has been better served by his followers than that of Codreanu.
Free Speech
18
September 2004
Taking Responsibility, Part 2: an Interview with National Alliance Chairman Erich Gliebe
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of September 25, 2004
Today we continue our interview with Mr. Erich Gliebe, the Chairman of the National Alliance. We will look at Mr. Gliebe's role in the building and evolution of Resistance Records, the severe tests and challenges the National Alliance faced after the untimely death of Dr. Pierce, the tremendous moment of decision when Mr. Gliebe accepted his new leadership role, and the importance of the National Alliance for the future of our race. We'll begin the interview where we left off last week, with a discussion of Mr. Gliebe's role as long-time leader of the Cleveland Unit of the National Alliance.
KAS: Now the Cleveland Unit has had quite a record of uninterrupted monthly meetings. Can you tell us a little bit about that?
EG: Yes, the Cleveland Unit has had 160 consecutive monthly meetings.
KAS: Besides meetings and speeches, what do you do in that Unit?
EG: We promote events. We're probably most noted for initiating the European Cultural Festivals that are now being promoted by other National Alliance Local Units.
KAS: Yes, there have been several of those just in the last year.
EG: Yes. We began promoting those back in 1996. Of course, I had a bit of a background in European culture, having been brought up in a European type of environment. I joined a German folk dance group back in the 1980s — and it was a lot of fun.
KAS: It's a good way to meet girls, I suppose... (laughter)
EG: Oh, absolutely — especially dancing, because there are always two or three girls to every guy, and with odds like that how can you go wrong?
KAS: (laughter) Right...
EG: When I joined the group, I was a bit skeptical about it at first, but once I started perform-
ing these folk dances at festivals with my German group along with other European cultural groups, I realized what a wonderful 'experience that was. We traveled around the country, and in 1994 our group toured Europe. We toured and performed in Germany, Austria, and Slovenia.
Probably the highlight of the trip was when we were in the town of Villach, Austria. We were marching in a parade with other European cultural groups. We were the only American group. There were hundreds of us marching — all young people, all dressed in traditional European costumes — and there wefe thousands of people lining the streets, watching, including the president of Austria. I felt at that moment like I was marching at a Nuremberg rally. The atmosphere was absolutely electric — just a wonderful feeling throughout.
KAS: It's a clean, wholesome, and beautiful feeling when White people gather to express their inner souls, I think...
BRING OUR TROOPS HOME STICKER
BRING our TROOPS HOME and PUT THEM on the MEXICAN BORDER!
Although being right or wrong has nothing to do with being in the majority or minority, here is an opportunity to support, what happens to be in this case, majority positions. Most Americans want the placing of troops on the border to stop illegal immigration. A steadily increasing majority of Americans want our troops to be brought home from Iraq. So for those who want to be both right and be in the majority, here is your opportunity. This is a great wedge issue to expose the public to the truth about the malevolent forces which run the country by showing how their interests compare with the White public’s and how these forces steer the media and government. Let’s use the “bandwagon effect” to run the bandwagon over our enemies.
100 stickers for $6.00, postage included. Item # 1389
NATIONAL ALLIANCE POB 90 • Hillsboro, WV 24946
Check our website: www.nalEill.oo«n
Send $6 for 100 stickers postpaid (ask for 01389).
September 2004
19
Free Speech
EG: Definitely. And since I realized that most White Americans didn't have the opportunity I had of being raised in a European cultural environment, I thought it would be good to share the experiences I've had with others by promoting these festivals. I thought that promoting European Cultural Festivals would be a great way of introducing young White Americans to traditional European culture. And it was a success from day one. The very first festival I held, I had a German dance group, an Irish dance group, and a Polish dance group perform. And practically none of the young people in attendance had ever witnessed anything like that before. And they absolutely loved it. It was a wonderful festive atmosphere — and pure White culture.
KAS: It's a way to expose them to White culture, to White values, to the feeling of being together with other Whites — without necessarily being political.
EG: Absolutely. At our Cultural Festivals we do not put out any political literature at all ~ no flyers, no pamphlets, no books at all. But everyone knows why we're there: We're there to celebrate our own heritage. And it’s a wonderful thing.
KAS: Now let's get back to some of the other things you've done with Resistance Records. Resistance Records began, before it was purchased by Dr. Pierce, as a pro-White music company which concentrated mainly in one genre, isn't that correct?
EG: Yes, George Burdi had founded the company back in 1993. It was primarily a music company that catered to the skinhead subculture. And I realized that we really needed to cater to all groups of young White people. We needed more than just one genre of music. Now we've expanded into National Socialist black metal, we've expanded into folk music, country music, and we are continuing to grow in the types of music we carry. We've put out folkish metal, neoclassical rock music — it's endless. The options we have are totally open and there are so many ways we can go with this. And we're reaching so many young people today; it's incredible.
KAS: The really powerful thing about Resistance — and about a lot of the things the Alliance is doing — is that there are creative people out there, musicians, poets, writers, artists, looking for an outlet. We have a whole subculture... and it’s really more than a subculture; it's really our culture being bom again.
And we are giving those creative people the ability to do what they do for a large audience.
EG: Yes, absolutely. We're giving people the avenue to express themselves, artistically and culturally, and in every other way.
KAS: Now, Erich, your role with Resistance is one of long standing; your role with the Cleveland Unit and with the Alliance in general is of even longer standing. But your role certainly changed in July 2002. I remember your telephone call on July 10th of that year, and your telling me that Dr. Pierce was seriously ill and in the hospital. The next day, I met him and you in his room there. Can you tell me just a little bit of what happened over the next two weeks?
EG: That was a very sad day, July 10th. On July 9th, Dr. Pierce had called me and asked me to come down to the hospital he was in, in Beckley, West Virginia. And I needed to get there immediately. So I drove all night, and actually drove through a thunderstorm to get there -- which I thought was a bad omen at the time. I arrived there in the wee hours of the morning, went into Dr. Pierce's room, and he came right out and told me that he thought he probably had less than a month to live. It was a very sad moment. There were
YELLOW RIBBON MAGNET Catalog Item: 1184 US $ 2.50
The magnets read: “BRING OUR TROOPS HOME & PUT THEM ON THE MEXICAN BORDER.” This is a sentiment that is sure to make sense to increasing numbers of Americans! These magnets are 3 inches by 8 inches so they will be easily visible on your car. They can also be used on refrigerators at home, file cabinets at work, or wherever you have available a metallic surface. The low price of $2.50 includes postage within the U.S.
Free Speech
20
September 2004
actually tears coming down his cheek. It was a very difficult time. Dr. Pierce was 68 years old at that time, but he was in phenomenal shape; he lived a very clean life.
KAS: He was very vigorous.
EG: Yes, absolutely. And no one had seen this coming. In fact, when he initially went into the hospital, he thought he had kidney stones. He just had some abdominal pain. But he actually had probably the most aggressive form of cancer. He was literally being eaten alive. And Dr. Pierce made the conscientious choice not to undergo chemo or radiation treatments, because he thought they would impair his mental abilities. He decided to ride it out for as long as he could without treatment, so his mind would remain unimpaired, so he could set forth a strategy to ensure that the Alliance would not only continue to survive, but prosper in the future, beyond his own life.
KAS: You were chosen to become the Chairman when Dr. Pierce died. There must have been a moment, when you were offered the Chairmanship, when you considered just how tough it was going to be: how hard the task ahead was, how many powerful enemies would be doing everything they could to make you fail. You surely must have said to yourself: 'Do I really want to do this?' Can you tell us what went through your mind at that moment?
EG: I did ask myself that question: 'Do I really want to do this?' And I answered right away: 'Yes.' I thought I had what it took. I knew I would do whatever I could to ensure that the Alliance would succeed. I would never quit. I would never give up. And I would give it my all.
I knew I could do that; speaking for myself, I was ready to accept the challenge. Of course, our enemies -- the Jews and 'watchdog'
groups like the Southern Poverty Law Center - thought that the National Alliance was a one-man organization, and that once our founder passed away the Alliance would soon fizzle out. But they were wrong. We proved them wrong.
The Alliance is not only continuing to grow, but we're more active than ever. This speaks volumes about the National Alliance membership itself. For years, I've been speaking with fellow Alliance members, and many looked at Dr. Pierce as being such a powerful figure — somewhat of a wizard, so much so that we could just sit back and listen to Dr. Pierce's radio broadcasts and read his writings, and perhaps with Dr. Pierce having all the answers, someday he could perform his magic and we would have our own homeland and White living space and everything would be wonderful. But in reality that wasn't the case, and Dr. Pierce never wanted the membership to look at it that way either.
The National Alliance is not only a world view and an ideology: The National Alliance is its membership. And we have some fantastic members who decided to up their work output and to give everything they had after Dr. Pierce's unfortunate passing just to ensure that the organization would to continue to grow and prosper and move in the direction that our founder had intended it to.
KAS: I think that Dr. Pierce wanted members with a sense of responsibility -- personal responsibility — for the future. And you don't get there by wishing; you have to act.
EG: Yes, you have to work
for it.
KAS: What challenges did the Alliance face at that moment, when Dr. Pierce had died and you stepped up to the plate?
EG: Our enemies had been doing all they could to start a character assassination campaign against the Alliance leadership, myself and yourself included, they began using the Internet as a tool to spread lies. But we overcame all that with our hard work and with our accomplishments. And I think the future is ours.
KAS: You've been traveling all over North America for the Alliance. What have you been doing?
EG: After Dr. Pierce's passing, I thought it would be best for me to travel around the country, speak at different Local Unit meetings, introduce myself to the members who hadn't met me before, and assure them that the Alliance was indeed moving ahead in the direction Dr. Pierce intended, and that the Alliance did in fact have competent leadership.
KAS: I think that face-to-face contact is and was very important. How many miles did you put on your vehicle, Erich?
EG: I couldn't even keep
track.
KAS: I think David Pringle put a few dozens of thousands of miles on his vehicle, too...
EG: Yes, he drove down from Alaska more than once, and all around the country — I'd hate to see how much money he spent on gas.
KAS: Erich, this question may seem obvious. But some of the people who are listening to this program are new to our ideas, and this is really for them: Why is the National Alliance important? And why should White men and women join the Alliance?
EG: It's important for White men and women to join the National Alliance because the Alliance is the leading White organization in the world today — by joining the National Alliance, you will be work-
September 2004
21
Free Speech
ing in unison with others for a very important impersonal goal: the survival of our race, and ensuring that our children have a future.
KAS: What are your goals for the National Alliance — say, in the next decade?
EG: Right now we are trying to build up our media outreach. In the past we’ve used the Internet, we've used printed publications, we’ve used radio broadcasts, and right now we're trying something new: the use of public billboards. We just had a billboard go up on a very busy Las Vegas strip — unfortunately, it only lasted a week, but nevertheless it gave us tremendous publicity.
KAS: Indeed. I think we win either way with those billboards. We get publicity when they're forced down, and we get publicity while they're up.
EG: Sure. And at this moment we have a billboard up in Salt Lake City that has a very pro-White National Alliance message.
KAS: That one's been up for the better part of a month, hasn't it?
EG: Yes, it's been up for about a month — and what I hear is that it will continue to stay up.
KAS: Excellent.
EG: It's great to come across — and do business with — independent business owners who aren't afraid of the Jewish pressure groups who will harass and attempt to intimidate them.
KAS: Gives you faith in White people again, doesn't it?
EG: Absolutely. And my hat's off to the owner of the billboard company in Salt Lake City for standing up to all the pressure that he's receiving right now.
KAS: I sort of interrupted you there. What else do you see happening in the next ten years?
EG: We'll expand the genres of music we are carrying. And we
are planning to use video extensively. We will be moving into the production of music videos, for instance. The future is wide open in that field. We have some very competent video technicians in the National Alliance, and we will be using their talents and resources to promote mainstream-quality videos that we can hand out to young people at concerts, at schools, wherever.
KAS: Excellent. You've told me before that in 1990 we had one functioning Local Unit. How many functioning Local Units does the Alliance have today?
EG: We have dozens. All around the country.
KAS: And do you see that number continuing to go up?
EG: Yes, definitely. In fact, within the next few months I will be formalizing several new Local Units including two in the state of Washington.
KAS: In a recent editorial (and for those who don't know, you write an editorial every month for the National Alliance member's Bulletin which we also run on a delayed basis on nationalvan-guard.org), you encouraged members to reach out to a segment of the White population on the left — the progressives. That's in contrast to the impression of a lot of people that we racialists only reach out to conservatives. Why do you think it's important to reach out to the progressives?
EG: For one thing, when I look at the news and I watch these young demonstrators protesting the war in Iraq or the globalization meetings, the G7 summits, I see that many of them — perhaps even most of them -- are White kids, White college kids. They're energetic, they're enthusiastic, they're fighting for something — and many of them are of very good racial stock.
KAS: And they're idealistic,
too, aren't they?
EGf. Yes, they're idealistic, too, absolutely...
KAS: And I think some of them can sense the rottenness of the System that's ruling over them. They may not understand it - but they can see it's rotten.
EG: Right. They're upset with the System. What we need to do is to give them a rationale for their anger. We need to point them in the right direction and explain to them who's behind a lot of the problems we are facing as a nation and as a people. It's important for them to realize that the war in Iraq isn't about oil, but was actually started to secure Israel's future.
KAS: I think that we have the 'pieces of the puzzle' that are missing from both the decent rightists' and the decent leftists' picture of the world. And we can give them those pieces so they can see the world the way it really is. That's what Dr. Pierce did for me.
EG: In fact, the National Alliance is not a 'right wing' or a 'left wing' organization. Many times in the past, we've been tossed into the 'right wing' pigeonhole — but that's not what we are. In fact, we have many things in common with some of these young progressives. For example, we're concerned about the environment we live in.
KAS: Indeed. Well, Erich, we are nearing the end of the time we have available for this program. So I want to thank you for taking the time out of your non-stop work schedule to talk with me on American Dissident Voices. And I also want to thank you sincerely for taking on the mantle of authority and responsibility of the National Alliance, in the hour of our people's greatest crisis and deepest need. Thank you, Erich.
EG: Thank you, Kevin. You're quite welcome.
Free Speech
22
September 2004
The Wizard of Iz says “Ignore the Jews behind the Curtain.” Now find out who is “behind the curtain”... in the media: The
Wizard, the Wicked Witch..........or worse. Who decides what is
importaint? What will or will not be covered? Which sides are allowed to debate which issues? Who sets I the agenda? People just like you or me, or a tribe that has its own agenda?
Who Rules America? Item: #491 $ 1.00 from the National Vanguard Books Research Staff This is a powerful documentary article on the control of the news and entertainment media. Printed as an 8-page pamphlet on high-quality, 8-by-ll-inch, white paper, it is priced for low-cost distribution.
10 copies............$6.00
25 copies............$9.00
lOOcopies............$20.00
1000 copies..........$154.00
All prices include postage. National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Who Rules America?
fen already know that the news and entertainment media am fclP94d. New you wti tind ou| wfty th&y'n* biased.
**»n '^0*01t iy ii mi— iVqmnSw-i
Now order a copy of the flag which flies over the National Headquarters!
This standard 3x5 flag with metal grommets features a black Life Rune with an Oak Crest. The most common colors used in the flags, coat of arms and seals of the White world, scarlet red, royal blue and pure white, are also used in this flag. The flag can be obtained for only $20 and $3.00 postage and handling from The National Alliance P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946 or our Web site at www.natall.com.
September 2004
23
Free Speech
BURY ME STANDING
Tkt Gypstts a st/ Tktir Jmmrnty
ISABEL FONSECA
BURY ME STANDING:
THE GYPSIES AND THEIR JOURNEY
- Fonseca Catalog Item: 821
Fascinating book on one of the "persecuted" minorities. The American author, who has both
Jewish and Gypsy blood, attempts to paint a positive picture of the Gypsies but instead shows the generalizations about them to be true.
They live by lying, cheating, and swindling non-Gypsies, whom they call Gadje; by importing; by selling used cars; and by welfare. Rarely do they perform physical labor, which they abhor.
Up to 50% of the men are in prison. Women marry at 12 or 13 and thereafter are condemned to long days of domestic work and producing as many babies as possible while the men do virtually nothing.
Consistent with the Gypsy stereotype, they do carry large wads of money or gold, have disgusting personal habits, and are extremely superstitious.
The author follows these dark-skinned aliens from the tenth century, when they left India, to
their arrival in Europe in the fourteenth century, to the current day.
Today in many Eastern European countries local villagers are virtually at war with the Gypsies, who were both protected and controlled by the previous, communist governments. Under democratic capitalism the Gypsies have been liberated.
Even when they have lived in one nation for years, they have no loyalty to it, but are loyal only to their families and other Gypsies.
Fonseca weaves the history of the Gypsies with her incriminating, highly interesting observations and anecdotes on Gypsies from having lived with them in several European countries.
323 pages Soft Cover $13.95
plus $3.00 postage and handling
National Vanguard Books * P.O. Box 90 * Hillsboro, WV 24946
National Vanguard Magazine
Issue 127, July - August 2005 Contents:
The Glory of Rome: One of the Greatest Eras of our Race
Issue 127, July-August 2005
Contents:
* Features: Race or Religion — the Genetics of Judaism, the Power Struggle within National Socialist
Germany, Foreign Aid to Africa — a Black Hole
* US News: White Backlash Starts — Street Protests Erupt Against Reconquistada
*	International News: Dutch 'National Alliance' Aims to Contest Elections, Oslo City Spots 'Want to be White,' Jew Co-Producer of Schindler's List Imprisoned for Bribery in Poland, British Patriots on Trial for "Thought Crimes"
* News Shorts: Angolan Immigrants Bring 'Witchcraft' To UK, Germany Kicks Out Gypsies, One Death in Three — AIDS Passes Crime As Leading Killer in South Africa, Denmark's Strict Immigration Laws Catch Over 6000 Fake Marriages, Racial Unrest After Non-Wnite Murders White Youth in Spain, Left Wing French Government Announces Anti-Illegal Immigration Measures
*	Bob Whitaker's Column: Situation Terminal . . . But Not Serious
* Fiction: White Conservancy by Ben Parker
32 pages, full color, glossy cover * And More!
U.S.A.
Subscription: $22.00
One copy: $5.00 including postage
Canada
Subscription: $30.00
One copy: $5.00 including postage
Elsewhere
(all countries except the LJ.S. and Canada)
Subscription: $40.00
One copy: $8.00 including postage
Subscribe online
A subscription consists of six issues whenever they appear. (National Alliance Member's subscription consists of 12 issues.)
National Vanguard Books, P.O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA