IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
FREE SPEECH • DECEMBER 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO. XII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the r irst Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Corrupting Our Police
Dr. William Pierce
/V
Conditioning for Death
Dr. William Pierce
A White World
Dr. William Pierce
I Need Your Support
Dr. William Pierce
Corrupting Our Police
There's certainly much more that I could say about this sorry spectacle of a presidential election we've been experiencing than I said last week — and later we will talk more about the significance of the election — but today I want to return to a subject about which I've spoken on earlier programs, a subject of great urgency. That subject, is the ongoing erosion of our civil liberties and the gradual conversion of the United States into a police state, so that multiculturalism and the New World Order can be rammed down our throats with less danger of our rebelling.
Certainly, most of you who listen to my broadcasts already are concerned about the growing intrusion of the government into the lives of all of us and about the proliferation of so-called “hate crime” and “hate speech” laws, which penalize a person for what he thinks or what he says, or even what he reads or what sort of music he listens to, rather than for what he does. I believe that every
decent, thinking American is concerned about this tendency, this trend toward lejs and less freedom in America and more and more enforced conformity. i also believe that very few of those who 3 re concerned understand what is behind this trend and how extraordinarily dangerous it is. That's
A Prime Target for Brainwashing
what I want to talk about with you today.
I'll start with a specific example. About ten days ago my office received a telephone call from a woman who identified herself as a Sergeant Schweitzer with the Northern Kentucky University Police Department in Highland Heights, Kentucky. Sergeant Schweitzer asked for me, and when I got on the line she told me that she had an envelope on her desk which had in it what she described as “hate mail.” “So why ate you calling me about it7” I asked her. “Because the return address on the envelope is yours,” she replied. “All right,” I said; “tell me what's in the envelope.”
She began describing the contents of the envelope. It consisted of several pieces of printed material. There were three or four printed sheets, some containing photographs, with information about racial differences between Whites and Blacks: anatomical differences, as seen in different cranial shapes and
I
jaw configurations; intellectual differences, as seen in differing scores on standard IQ tests; and behavioral differences, as seen in crime statistics. And there was a small pamphlet on an investigation of alleged “gas chambers” at the Auschwitz concentration camp, published by the Institute for Historical Review in California.
I told the female police sergeant that none of the items she described was published by my organization, the National Alliance, although a member of my organization may have mailed the materials. I asked her about the postmark on the envelope. She said it had been mailed from east Texas and asked me whether or not the National Alliance has members in east Texas. “Yes, we have many members in east Texas,” I told her. “Tell me their names,” she demanded. “Of course, I won't do that,” I replied. “Well then,” she threatened, “I'll turn this over to the FBI, and they'll find out who mailed it”
I was becoming a little exasperated by her tone, and so I asked her: “Sergeant Schweitzer, from what you have told me so far I don't understand why this mailing you have is a police matter. Do you believe that a law has been broken?”
“Oh, yes, a law certainly has been broken,” she replied. “You can't send hate material like this through the mail. It's illegal.”
“All right,” I said, “fax me what you have, including the envelope, and I'll get back to you.” And I gave her my fax number. A few minutes later the material arrived in my office, pretty much as she had described it, with a cover sheet bearing the official seal of her police department A quick glance was all it took to see that there was nothing at all illegal about the mailing: no death threat, no extortion attempt, no attempt at fraud, not even a request for money. But I must admit that I was disheartened by this affair, because Police Sergeant Schweitzer of the Northern Kentucky University Police Department really believes that it is illegal to send through the mail information about racial differences or information about the so-called “Holocaust” which is at variance with the version presented by Steven Spielberg and Elie Wiesel. That's not only disheartening; it's also frightening. It's frightening because thousands of other law enforcement people in
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
Those who wear badges increasingly feel that it is part of their job to catch thought criminals.
America share Sergeant Schweitzer's mistaken belief that it is illegal to write or say or mail anything that is not Politically Correct. They know Politically Incorrect material when they see it, and although they cannot cite a specific statute which has been violated, they believe that there must be such a statute. They believe it because that's what they have been taught
And they have been taught that because for the past two decades some of the most powerful Jewish pressure groups in the country — the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, the Southern Poverty Law Center, the Simon Wiesenthal Center — have been working day and night to subvert our entire law-enforcement system in America. From the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington all the way down to one-horse outfits such as the Northern Kentucky University Police Department in Highland Heights, Kentucky, Jewish organizations have been lobbying, bribing, infiltrating, corrupting, subverting.
Here's the way it works: Imagine that you're the chief of police in Highland Heights, Kentucky. One morning the leading politician in your community, the mayor of Highland Heights, shows up at your office, and he has the two wealthiest Jewish busi-
nessmen in the county with him -and Mr. Cohen, a representative from the Louisville, Kentucky, office of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith. The Jews are dressed in thou-sand-dollar suits. They are cordial toward you, but they obviously consider themselves to be very important people, and you, being a bit of a politician yourself, are suitably impressed. The agent from the Louisville office of the Anti-Defamation League, Mr. Cohen, explains to you that his organization, the ADL, is a public service organization that works with other police departments all over the country to help them deal with the growing threat of terrorism and “hate crimes.” He explains that the ADL has an extensive information-gathering network with many covert agents who collect information on terrorists and “hate criminals” and then share the information with law-enforcement agencies so that they can do a better job of protecting the public and enforcing the law. He is here to offer the services of the ADL to your police department.
If you are like most police chiefs, you are flattered and pleased. You don't stop to question the propriety of Mr. Cohen's proposal. You don't waste any time inquiring into what sort of organization the ADL really is. The mayor and the local fat cats have endorsed it, and that's good enough for you. After all, you are a policeman, and if there's one characteristic that most policemen have it is respect for authority. You simply don't question people who are rich and important and have powerful political connections. When people show up in your office in thousand-dollar suits and act important, you genuflect. In the real world there are very few cops like Inspector Harry Callahan — Dirty Harry — in the Clint Eastwood movie by that name, who are contemptuous of authority. Most of them are dyed-in-the-wool authoritarians. So Mr. Cohen sets up a schedule for a series of training seminars for the members of your department to be conducted by ADL instructors — for a reasonable fee, of course. In these seminars your policemen learn that there is a new type of criminal afoot who is much more dangerous, much more a threat to society, than the drug dealer or the rapist or the child molester or the burglar or the armed robber. This new
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro •	24946	•	$40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
3
and more dangerous criminal is the “hate criminal, and the helpful ADL instructor will teach all of your police' men how to recognize “hate crimes” and “hate criminals.”
They will learn that a heterosexual White male who doesn't like Jews or Blacks or Asians or Mexicans or other non-Whites, or who opposes the Clinton government's open-borders immigration policy, or who is against more gun control laws is very likely to be a “hate criminal.” If a heterosexual White male says that he thinks there's already too much “diversity” in the country, or expresses his disapproval of homosexual couples or of "White women who have Black boyfriends, then he's definitely someone to keep an eye on. And if he distributes any sort of printed material expressing his Politically Incorrect views, then he should be regarded as a potential Oklahoma City bomber. Now, as usual, I'm oversimplifying things a bit. The instructors the ADL and the other Jewish groups send around to brainwash police personnel are sophisticated enough and indirect enough so that it all seems irreproachable to the naive cops. Are the Jews telling them to ignore the constitutional rights of people with Politically Incorrect views? Oh, my goodness, no! Oh, no, no, no! Certainly not that! The Jews let the cops know that they respect everyone's constitutional rights — but, of course, the Constitution was never meant to protect “hate criminals.” The First Amendment was never meant to protect all forms of speech, just as the Second Amendment is really only about government militias and bestows no individual right to keep and bear arms.
Anyway, despite the sophistication, the results are crude enough. Sergeant Schweitzer of the Northern Kentucky University Police Department is a clear example of that. The Jews already have managed to persuade a lot of cops in addition to her that to question any detail of the official “Holocaust” story or to assert that Blacks and Whites are different in any way except skin color is “hate,” and that “hate” is illegal, even if they cannot cite a specific statute that is being violated.
So, since there actually is no statute being violated, why is it important that Jewish groups have convinced
Moe Dalitz
Sgt. Schweitzer and others to the contrary? Since these confused cops can't actually file charges which will stand up in court, what difference does it make? Well, you know, I believe that most people who take that attitude — what difference does it make? — would not be so complacent if it were the Mafia cozying up to the police and teaching them how to tell the bad guys from the good guys. Why? Because, as everyone knows, the Mafia is a criminal organization. We don't want criminal organizations infiltrating and corrupting our law enforcement agencies, for obvious reasons. But the fact is that the ADL also is a criminal organization — and a far more dangerous one than the Mafia. Throughout its existence the ADL has maintained intimate affiliations with Jewish racketeers and gangsters of every type — loan sharks, drug dealers, White slavers, contract killers, illegal gambling den operators, smugglers, illegal weapons dealers, you name it — and the ADL has received substantial amounts of money from these Jewish gangsters.
One of the ADL's principal contributors during the 1980s was the notorious Jewish crime boss Moe Dalitz, the “godfather” of Las Vegas. Dalitz gave the ADL so much money from his various criminal operations that in 1985 the ADL gave a tribute banquet for him and presented him with its annual “Torch of Liberty” award for that year. Shordy afterward Dalitz was killed in a shootout with a rival gang that left seven other gangsters dead as well.
More recendy the ADL had its offices in San Francisco and Los Angeles raided by police with search warrants who found thousands of stolen confidential police files which the ADL had acquired illegally by having its agents inside California law enforcement agencies. One might think that with a record like the ADL has, law-enforcement agencies would scrupulously avoid any contact with the organization. The unfortunate fact is that most law-enforcement agencies aren't even aware of the ADL's history of criminal affiliations and activities. They aren't aware of these things because the controlled media to a large degree have avoided saying anything about them. Cops tend to be the sort of people who believe what they are told by the mass media, because of the media's aura of authority. Cops are authoritarians. If they see it on TV they believe it; if it's not on TV then it's not real. And the Jewish bosses of the mass media protect Jewish organizations such as the ADL The media don't talk about the criminal nature of the ADL instead they always refer to it in glowing terms as a “public service organization” or a “human rights organization,” and the cops accept this description without asking questions.
Beyond the impropriety of having a criminal organization teaching our policemen who the bad guys and the good guys are is the effect organizations such as the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center have on police attitudes and behavior. This is far more serious than a confused female police sergeant wasting her time and her department's money trying to find out who made a perfectly legal mailing of information about racial differences and “Holocaust” exaggerations. Cops instinctively dislike boat-rockers and dissidents. They may be contemptuous of Bill Clinton as a person, but they are not contemptuous of the system of which Clinton is a part. They are naturally hostile toward anyone who questions authority or speaks out against the system. That's why a lot of Black and Jewish so-called ‘civil rights” demonstrators got thumped with nightsticks or bitten by police dogs or sprayed with fire hoses back in the 1960s.
Today's cops have been taught that they aren't permitted to thump Blacks who demonstrate with Jesse
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
The ADL is highly organized and employs very slick methods to get their programs enacted into law.
Jackson the way they used to thump Blacks who demonstrated with Martin Luther King 35 years ago. It was bad to have thumped King's demonstrators, they are told, but if they want to thump someone today they should thump White “hate criminals.” And that's what they do.
Dozens of members of my organization, the National Alliance, while engaged in perfecdy legal distributions of printed material to the public have been stopped by police and questioned, harassed, intimidated, had their printed material confiscated, even been arrested — because the police involved had been told by the ADL or some other Jewish organization that the National Alliance is a dangerous terrorist organization and that its members are likely to be “hate ! criminals.”
Ten years ago a 22-year-old New Jersey member was arrested for posting a National Alliance sticker which bore the message, “Earth's most endangered species, the White race: help preserve it” That's all the sticker said, but the young man who posted it was arrested and charged with “ethnic terrorism,” a felony offense under a “hate crimes” law which the ADL and other Jewish pressure groups had rammed through the New Jersey legislature. Ten years ago the Alliance didn't have the resources it has today. At that time we didn't even have an attorney on our staff, and the local cops were able to terrorize our young member with the threat of a long prison term. Of course, they couldn't send him to prison for posting our sticker, but he didn't know that, and it cost him a $5000 attorney fee to get the charge against him dismissed. Today he is the Coordinator of the National Alliance's Northern New Jersey Local Unit and is stronger and
more committed than ever as a result of his experience ten years ago.
But our people shouldn't have to go through experiences like that. We should not be harassed and intimidated for exercising our constitutional rights. And it's perfecdy clear that the reason we often are harassed is that our law-enforcement agencies have permitted criminal, anti-American organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League, the Simon Wie-senthal Center, and the Southern Poverty Law Center to misinform and brainwash police personnel. By doing so these Jewish groups often are able to persuade policemen to behave as if the sort of laws the Jews are attempting to have enacted already had been enacted. The Jews are able to persuade law-enforcement agencies and all too often the courts as well to behave as if they already had succeeded in abolishing the First and Second Amendments.
This cozy relationship between criminal Jewish organizations and law enforcement agencies, to the point where the Jewish groups have been given quasi-official status, is a growing problem. It's a danger for all freedom loving White Americans, not just members of the National Alliance. It's a danger we must confront and deal with. If we attempt to ignore it and hope that it will go away, it won't. It will only become worse, because the nature of the Jews is such that nothing is ever enough for them; they always keep reaching, grasping, for more and more and more.
Our way of dealing with this problem is not to fight the police. It's not to attack the police for being too authoritarian. In a healthy society, without Jewish corruption, it's not a bad thing for the police to be authori-
tarian. What we must fight is the ability of the Jews to corrupt our law enforcement agencies without exposure, without public scrutiny. Since the Jews' own media won't expose them, it's up to us to do it We don't have the media resources of Time Warner or CBS or the New York Times or the other Jewish media giants, but we do have a growing ability to reach the two per cent of the White population which is capable of seeing what's happening in their world and coming to their own conclusions about it.
It doesn't take too many of us shining a spodight on the Jewish corruption of our law-enforcement agencies for a few of the more astute and far-sighted police chiefs to start backing away from Semitic entanglements. It doesn't take many more of us exposing the nature of the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center and their subversion of our policemen for most law-enforcement agencies to change their policies about dealing with these criminal and un-American organizations. And listen! There are many, many Americans besides me and the members of my National Alliance who don't want America to continue becoming a police state. Speak out about these things yourself, and you'll be surprised by how many others will be encouraged to speak out too.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Corrupting Our Police,” aired on November 25, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
5
Conditioning for Death
Are people — let’s be more specific — are White Americans less intelligent today than they were a century ago?
An impartial observer — someone from Mars, say — might sample the sort of television entertainment that keeps most White Americans occupied in their leisure time these days and then compare that with the penny romances the masses read in 1900 for relaxation and conclude that the IQ level has indeed gone down a bit He might take a look at the nonstop circus of the current presidential election, and he would be even more inclined to think that we aren’t quite as smart as we used to be.
The real clincher for the Martian observer, however, would be an examination of the way American public policy, as manifested in our laws and our public behavior, has changed. I mean, we did some stupid things and had some really dumb habits in the latter half of
the 19™ century, but they were nothing compared to the inexcusable foolishness which characterizes our
behavior today. In the 19™ century we decided that slavery wasn’t a good policy, and so we put an end to it, and that was a smart thing to do, because we never should let ourselves become dependent on another race. But then we just turned four million former Blade slaves loose in our society. We didn’t send them back to Africa or otherwise get rid of them. We didn’t even sterilize them. We just turned them loose. That was a really stupid and irresponsible thing to do. But at least we didn’t let them vote. There were a few criminally insane people in Washington who thought they should be permitted to vote and even managed to change our Constitution to that effect, but as a practical matter we didn’t let our former slaves meddle in the business of choosing our legislators and judges and other public officials to any substantial degree. And of course, we didn’t let Blacks get near our women. We had laws against miscegenation nearly everywhere, and the laws were enforced, either by the authorities or by our people.
The advertising industry constantly barrages us with images of supposedly admirable, friendly, authoritative, or “cool” Blacks.
Today we have more than 30 million Blacks running loose in our society, and we not only let them vote and copulate with our women, but we encourage them in this behavior. We have welfare programs that allow them to breed faster than we do. We give them food stamps and free medical care. We give those of them who are willing to work preferential treatment in hiring and promotion. We bus their children to the schools attended by our children. Our colleges and universities have special recruitment programs to entice more Blacks into becoming students, and we bend our admissions requirements to get them into college and lower our academic standards to keep them in.
In magazine advertisements, on television news programs, in professional sports, and in half the movies coming out of Hollywood, Blacks are held up as role models for our children and as objects of romantic fan-
tasy for our women, and we don’t even speak out against it Black faces on our television screens advise us about our health, analyze the news of the day for us, and tell us how we should invest our money, and we act as if everything is as it should be. All of that is not only more stupid than anything we did in the 19 century, it’s insane.
So are we dumber than we used to be? The Martian probably would think so, but I’m inclined to believe that it’s not just a lower average intelligence that causes us to behave so stupidly today. What has happened is that the way White Americans are conditioned to think and behave has changed. Let us remember that most people don’t think and behave the way they do, don’t have the opinions and attitudes they do, as the result of any rational process. They don’t examine the world around them, independendy analyze the data, and then decide what attitude to have about what they have observed. Instead in nearly every case they let themselves be told what to think; they let themselves be told what their attitudes and opinions should be.
That’s nothing new, of course. That’s the way the bulk of the population always has been, in good times and in bad times. The really important thing in determining what most people think and how they behave is the sort of conditioning they receive. Children are conditioned in the home by their parents when they are small. Later they are conditioned by their playmates and then by their schools. As adults they are conditioned by the marketplace, the public square, the church, the village store. They absorb the attitudes and opinions of their peers and of their betters.
At least, that’s the way it used to be in past centuries. The new element in this lifelong conditioning process is the influence of the mass media: first and foremost of television, but also the cinema, radio, magazines and newspapers and comic books and popular music. Well, I’ve talked
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
before, more than once, about the tole of the mass media in condition' ing the public, in shaping their atd' tudes and opinions. I’ve talked about how the Jews infiltrated and then dominated and controlled the mass media of news and entertainment during the past century, and hew they used their control of the media and of public opinion to transform our whole society in order to suit their own interests and schemes.
Today I want to talk with you about another element in the condi' tioning of our people which makes them behave in the self-destructive manner we see all around us. I want to talk with you about the role of the schools. It’s not an independent role, of course. The way in which our schools, from kindergarten all the way up through the universities, condition our children and young people is determined by the way in which the teachers and professors themselves have been conditioned. And in a centralized, bureaucratic society such as we have in the United States today, there is a high degree of centralized control over the way in which schools condition students. It’s not just the conditioning of the teachers and professors; it’s also the program that they are required to follow, regardless of their own beliefs and attitudes.
Now I’ll jump ahead a bit and tell you what the purpose of that program is; then I’ll back up and fill in some of the details. To the extent that there is a single program governing public education in America today, a single purpose behind education in America, it is to condition White children and young people to accept without resistance a multicultural society, a multiracial society, in which they have no more important or dominant role than the descendants of their Black slaves, or mestizos who have recendy come across the border from Mexico, or Hmong tribesmen fresh off the boat from Southeast Asia. And it also is to condition heterosexual White males to embrace a society in which the rules ate as likely to be made by homosexuals or by women wearing trousers as by men, a society in which White men are neither expected nor permitted to protect White women, in which men no longer are the heads of their households or the decision-makers for their nation.
Children are overwhelmed with multicultural propaganda parading as education and entertainment.
Now, I’ve tried to state the governing principle behind education in America today objectively, even though I know there are listeners who will think I’ve soft-pedaled it because they are familiar with many aspects of our present educational system which are blatantly anti-White or anti-male. In response to this objection I assert again that the governing principle is egalitarianism. It is not to put women above men or homosexuals above heterosexuals or Blacks above Whites, but rather to condition everyone into accepting a society in which neither race nor sex nor sexual orientation is important That’s the theory — but because heterosexual White males have had the leading role in building and governing our society in the past, they are seen as the enemy by many of the egalitarian enthusiasts. They are seen as the people who have to be put down before we can have a truly egalitarian society.
Anyway, an egalitarian society is the ideal, and of course, that is absolutely crazy. It is nuts. It is suicidally insane.
The aim of our educational system is to produce citizens who have been conditioned to believe — or to
act as if they believe — that men and women are interchangeable, essentially the same except for the configuration of their genitalia, and should be treated exaedy the same by society and have similar roles. And this means suppressing the old belief that men and women are fundamentally different — physically, intellectually, and emotionally — that their natural roles in society and in the family are not the same but instead are complementary, and that they should be treated accordingly — which means differendy.
The aim of our educational system is to produce citizens who have been conditioned to believe — or to act as if they believe — that homosexuality is as natural a condition as heterosexuality, that homosexuality is in no way undesirable or reprehensible, that the only difference between homosexuals and heterosexuals is in their choice of sexual partners, and that homosexuals and heterosexuals should be treated exaedy the same by society.
And the aim of our educational system is to produce citizens who have been conditioned to believe — or to act as if they believe — that racial differences are the most unimportant, superficial, and inconsequential thing in the world; that the only real differences are in pigmentation; that Blacks and Whites and Australian Aborigines and Chinamen have the same way of viewing the world, the same intrinsic values and behavioral patterns, the same capacity for self-discipline, the same type and degree of intelligence, the same problem-solving ability, the same aptitude for building civilizations and maintaining them; and that to believe otherwise is not only wrong but sinful and shameful. In fact, the gravest possible sin, the most shameful possible error, is racism, and the severest means should be used to exorcise it and the severest penalties imposed to punish those who adhere to it.
That, I think, is a fair and objective statement of current American educational policy. I believe that even those who think it is a good policy will agree with my statement. But as you know, I do not think it is a good policy, and certainly a Martian observer can be excused for thinking that we are either stupid or crazy to
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
7
have such a policy, because it will lead us to our extinction.
A minute ago 1 said that the theory of current American educa-tional policy is egalitarianism; that the purpose is to produce Politically Correa citizens. Actually, that’s a bit naive. The people most responsible for the current policy, the people behind the scenes who use egalitarianism as a nation-destroying and a race-destroying weapon to serve their own ends are not egalitarians at all. They believe not only that they are superior to all the nations of the world — to all the Gentiles of the world — but also that they are more deserving. They believe that it is right and proper for them to deceive and demoralize the Gentiles, to destroy the Gentiles’ sense of racial identity and racial pride, to feminize Gentile men and masculinize Gentile women, in order to make easier prey of the Gentiles.
And so they go beyond egalitarianism in the schools. They teach our children and our university students about their special status, about why they deserve more than others. “Holocaust” studies, they call it. It’s already mandatory in the public schools of many states, and they’re pushing hard to make it mandatory everywhere. The reason for requiring the teaching of the “Holocaust” story to Gentile children, they say, is to warn them what terrible things may happen if people are permitted to be racists or anti-Semites. The “Holocaust,” they say, was the most terrible thing which ever has happened, and it was perpetrated by racists and anti-Semites.
Actually, that’s not the reason for “Holocaust” studies at all. The “Holocaust” may be the worst thing that’s happened to the Jews, but what the communists did to our people — to Gentiles — in Russia and Ukraine and Poland and the Baltic countries and Germany was far worse. The communists murdered at least 30 million of our people in those countries alone. The communist movement which committed those murders was inspired by the Jew Karl Marx and was heavily staffed by Jews. The death camp commissars in the Soviet Union during the 1920s and 1930s, the brutal commissars of the “gulag” about which Alexander Solzhenitsyn has written, were mosdy Jews. Jews were
Vocabulary words for a 6th grade class at Coulwood Middle School in Florida.
vastly over-represented among the Soviet secret police and elsewhere in the Soviet bureaucracy. A Jew headed the murder squad that butchered the czar of Russia and his family. It was a Jew, Lazar Kaganovich, who supervised the murder of millions of Ukrainians. Jews headed the communist parties in many European countries outside of the Soviet Union in the time between the two world wars, and when they were given the opportunity they committed horrible atrocities against the populations of those countries, selectively murdering the best and the brightest people. That’s what they did in the Baltic countries and in Poland, for example.
So if the aim is to teach children about the terrible things which can happen when the wrong sort of people acquire power, why not teach them about what the Jewish communists did? Why is there practically no teaching at all in the schools about these things?
Well, you already know the answer: it’s because Jews weren’t the victims but were to a large degree the perpetrators. It’s because if the kiddies learn about what the Jews did to the peoples of eastern and central Europe before the Second World War, they might begin to think that it was quite reasonable for the Germans to want the Jews out of Germany, so that the Jews couldn’t do in Germany what they had done elsewhere. That would put the so-called “Holocaust” in quite a different light, wouldn’t it7
My point is that egalitarianism is the theory behind education in America today, but in faa the schools are used Co a growing extent to brainwash students in whatever manner best serves the people who control the educational system. It’s not just the Jews who are responsible for the conditioning going on in our schools. It’s also feminists and homosexuals and egalitarians of all sorts. And just as they lie about the “Holocaust” — just as they conceal the crimes of the communists — in order to serve the purpose of the Jews, they also lie about other things to serve other purposes. They lie about the nature of homosexuality, for example, because that serves the purpose of the homosexuals. They lie about the differences between men and women, because that serves the purpose of the feminists.
And they lie about race because they do want to encourage more miscegenation, and they do want to deceive and disarm Whites who might otherwise put up a resistance to racial mixing and miscegenation. They tell the public school students that we’re really all the same and that to think otherwise is wicked, and they try to convince university students that the concept of race is meaningless, that it has no scientific basis. They teach them that there has been so much genetic mixing among the races in the past that there is no such thing as a pure race today, and so the whole idea of trying to preserve one’s race is poindess: just give up; it’s too late.
Using the schools to condition as well as to educate is not new, of
course. In the 19 1 century it was assumed that everyone in school was at least a nominal Christian, for example, and it also was assumed that it would be a good thing to condition everyone to be even more Christian in his beliefs. This was true in most of the universities as well as in the public schools. If you take a close look at the most widely used instructional materials — at the McGuffey’s Readers, for example — you’ll recognize these built-in assumptions. Christianity was not treated simply as one religion among many; it was treated as the religion.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
In the first half of the 20^1 cen-tury, students were conditioned politically to believe that democracy was the best possible form of government, and that the United States was the ideal embodiment of democracy. American history and the functioning of the American political system were idealized for die students.
Now I personally am neither a Christian nor a democrat But let me tell you, the Christian conditioning and the democratic conditioning of the past were nothing compared to the egalitarian-feminist-Jewish conditioning in todays schools. The old conditioning may not have been the sort of thing of which all of us would approve, but it was relatively harmless. Most of the people who formulated the old conditioning at least meant well. They weren’t trying to destroy us. That cannot be said of the people behind today’s conditioning. Today’s conditioning is aimed at making Politically Correct lemmings out or everyone who passes through the schools: lemmings who will not question or oppose any of the policies of the conditioners, lemmings who will not put up a fight against those who deliberately are destroying our country, our civilization, and our race.
A
In these talks I have with you every week, I try to choose topics of current interest, topics that are in the i news — or that should be in the news f — because it’s important for all of our listeners to understand that the things we talk about in these broadcasts are real and relevant, and they demand our attention now; they are things that listeners can check on for themselves if I tell them where to check. Even when I choose to talk more about ideas than about current news,
I try to tie the ideas into events, either I current or historical, in order to keep | listeners aware that the ideas are relevant, that they have consequences in the real world.
I want everyone always to have in mind that the essence of these broadcasts is not entertainment, and it’s not even education: it’s survival. It’s our whole future. It’s the continuation of the process of life that began on this earth hundreds of millions of
And the conditioning, unfortunately, is doing the job it was intended to do. It is recruiting a substantial portion of our young people in the universities today into the camp of our enemies and using them to help with the destruction of our race. More than a decade ago I gave a talk to a mosdy White group of students at the University or Maryland. After the talk a pretty girl about 19 or 20 years old came up to me and asked me if I thought that the present conflict between the races might develop into a shooting war. I tola her that if the government continued its policy of trying to forcefully integrate the races, I thought a race war likely. She told me, “Will, if the shooting starts I’ll be with the Blacks shooting at you.” And she looked really proud of herself when she told me that She knew that she had said the Politically Correct thing.
A few days ago a computer vandal managed to break into the nat-van.com web site which hosts my programs. He trashed the site, and he left a message saying that he had done it because the site encourages White supremacy. He spouted a lot of the pseudoscientific nonsense I mentioned a moment ago about there being no such thing as separate races — the sort of nonsense the egalitari-
years ago and is now on the brink of disaster. The reason I make these broadcasts is to move people — our people — to accept responsibility for where the process is going, to help pull it back from the brink, to deal decisively with those people and policies which pushed it to the brink, and then to help guide it back onto an upward path again.
But sometimes listeners tell me, “Yes, that’s important, but please tell us more about the direction in which we should guide things after we overcome the enemies of our people and repair the damage done by their policies. Show us the path ahead. Tell us a little about where we want Co go after we are able to plan the type of world we want”
Well, I believe that’s a reasonable request I don’t like to build casdes in the air. I don’t like to spend too much time planning things that we aren’t yet able to implement But I think it
ans are conditioning students with in the universities — and he summarized it all with the statement:
No matter if you're black/white/ asian/whatever, you are related to every other human on the face of the earth. This means, of course, that no race can be deemed 'superior' to another, as we are all a mixture of each other.
How’s that for logic? Really, that is exacdy the sort of fuzzy thinking which passes muster at our universities these days, so desperately eager are the egalitarians to support their insupportable position.
Well, it’s going to be a long and bloody war, a very painful and destructive war. Meanwhile, it might behoove you to pay more attention to the sort of conditioning your kids are getting at school. Do whatever you have to do to make sure that they are on the right side of the war.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Conditioning for Death,” aired on December 9, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
is reasonable to think sometimes about the future even beyond those things that we have the power to implement now. What sort of world do we want to strive for? Let’s dream about that for just a few minutes today.
We cannot, of course, ever return to the past, but we can compare various periods in the past with each other and with the present in order to make decisions about institutions and lifestyles, decisions about social structures and fashions and types of behavior. Different people, of course, will judge the past differendy, will make different decisions about which institutions and lifestyles in the past were desirable and which were not. For example, I have one occasional listener who thinks that it would be good to return to a time when his church ruled everything, and witches and heretics were burned at the stake
White World
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/-
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
9
SJffl
We cannot ever return to the past, but we can compare various periods in the past with each other and with the present in order to make decisions about institutions, lifestyles, social structures, fashions, and types of behavior.
by the thousands. And he thinks that I should be the first to be burned.
So the type of world we strive for depends upon our values, upon what we think is important The person who believes literally in a Biblical pic-ture of heaven and hell and whose primary motive is to avoid being cast into the fires of hell will want a differ-ent sort of world from the completely self-indulgent person whose ideal is to be able to amuse or entertain himself in any way he chooses, and neither of these people is likely to be attracted to a vision of a world that is best for our race. So before we begin describing our ideal world, let’s be sure about what is really important to us. I can only tell you now what I believe is important, but I think that many listeners will agree with me and so will share my vision of the sort of world for which we should strive.
I am a very race-conscious person, a person who is very conscious of the profound spiritual and psychical differences between my race and other races, and the world I want is one that provides the maximum scope for the spirit of my people to soar, a world that matches their inner nature, a world in which they are at home and can roll up their sleeves and go to work as if they were remodeling their own casdes, a world in which they can unleash the full power of their imagination and of their creative spirit, a world in which the Faustian spirit of my people can exult in its striving to find and conquer new worlds, to perform noble deeds, and, in the words of Tennyson’s Ulysses, “to follow knowledge like a sinking star beyond the utmost bound of. human thought”
A world that matches our inner nature will be a world not too differ-
ent from that in which our nature was shaped over thousands of generations in Europe. That was a world of mountains and forests and rivers and lakes and holds and seacoasts. It was not the Semite’s world of desert and bazaar or the Negro’s world of jungle and dung-plastered huts, nor was it a world of asphalt and concrete and neon and billboards and diesel buses and fast-food drive-throughs and pollution-spewing factories and mile after dreary mile of tenement houses.
Well, in contrast to what I just said it seems that there is a portion of the nominally White population of the United States whose nature has been shaped during the space of three or four generations by concrete and asphalt and billboards and subway trains and trash-filled vacant lots. One sees a lot of these people in places like New York City, but I’m not convinced that they should be counted as
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
White any longer, these raceless urban lemmings.
So we might begin our description of the sort of world we want by talking about the natural environment and the way in which our people should fit into that environment We need, for one thing, a much lower average population density than we have now in North America and in Europe. Instead of a North America with a rapidly growing population of 300 million featherless bipeds of every known ethnicity, I have a vision of a continent with a stable population of 50 million European Americans — saner, healthier, stronger, better-looking, and more intelligent European Americans than is the norm for most parts of the continent today — and no non-Whites at all. And I have a vision of these 50 million White North Americans living and working in a land of regrown forests and unpolluted rivers and lakes and clean air: a land without litter along its roads and pathways and with bears and wolves and mountain lions and eagles returned to their natural habitats and forming once again a natural part of our environment And in my vision a substantial part of these regrown forests and unpolluted rivers and lakes are in the public domain: in fact, a continuous public domain stretching from coast to coast between and around private holdings. And I envision no cities — certainly, none of the sprawling, noisy, congested, asphalt-and-concrete monstrosities surrounded by smoke-belching factories, clogged freeways, and honky-tonk strips with which we are all too familiar today. Towns with populations of no more than 10,000 should be adequate for commercial centers, manufacturing centers, educational centers, and any other sort of facility requiring the cooperative efforts of a couple of thousand people. I am assuming, of course, modem transportation, communication, and manufacturing methods. Even plants for smelting ore, producing steel, or making ball bearings, if designed and operated to take advantage of modern technological developments, should be able to do without the huge concentrations of labor used today.
In feet, I believe that ultimately we can do without an urban proletariat altogether. Inevitably there will be dirty and unpleasant jobs to be done,
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
jobs requiring a strong back, jobs that are boring and repetitious, even after we’ve automated and modernized and streamlined and computerized our industry and our agriculture and our transportation system as much as we can. But we won’t need a huge, blue-collar class of Joe and Jill Sixpacks doing that sort of labor all their lives. And we certainly won’t have non-Whites in our society to do our dirty work for us.
It is unrealistic to try to plan things in too much detail now, but a good approach to the problem of who does the dirty work is the sort of thing the Germans did in the 1930s, with every young person going through a period of a couple of years of labor service, regardless of whether he was destined ultimately to be a poet or a factory owner or a farmer or a research scientist. That not only gets the garbage collected and the tomatoes picked, but it pulls the community together and minimizes inter-class hostility.
The Germans had many other excellent ideas which were put into ractice in the 1930s: ideas about ousing and transportation and industrial management and labor relations and community structure and the raising of children and the training of young people and public health and so on. We can learn much from a study of what they accomplished before we all were tricked into a horribly destructive and unnecessary war that switched the whole world off the track of racial progress and onto the ruinous track of multiculturalism.
All of these aspects of the world we want in the future — the way in which we raise and educate children, the types of communities we live in (for those who choose to live in communities) the ways in which we do our work — all of these are very important things, but they must not be planned on the basis of esthetics alone or on the basis of our whims as to what an ideal world should be like. Every aspect of our future world is adapted to a central purpose: the purpose of human quality and human progress.
You know, the way in which Mother Nature ensured human progress and human quality in the past was through a high birthrate and a high death rate in a hard and selective environment Many were born,
but only the strongest and brightest lived long enough to have children of their own. In Europe, with its strongly differentiated seasons, the family that did not plan well for the winter and save for the winter did not live until the spring. In the tropics, the grasshopper could afford to fiddle away the summer because it was always summer, but in the North only the industrious ants survived, and the grasshoppers perished.
Unfortunately, we who evolved in Europe and learned how to control our environment outsmarted ourselves by short-circuiting Nature’s selective process. Medical science is a wonderful thing, but applied indiscriminately and combined with a welfare system that protects the foolish and the improvident, it has led to a serious decline in human quality in recent centuries. We must reverse this trend, and we should design the reversal of the trend into our future world. Certainly, appropriate legislation can be a part of the design. For example, anyone who remains on welfare for as long as a year must be sterilized; if a child is born to a mother on welfare, both mother and child must be sterilized; if a congenital defect is corrected by medical intervention, then the intervention must be accompanied by sterilization.
It is dangerous, however, to rely entirely on something as artificial and as subject to the whims of fashion as legislation. Legislation served to maintain the racial quality of the ancient Spartans for a while, but it didn’t last. People — even intelligent and moral people — will choose comfort and ease over a more demanding and selective lifestyle when comfort and ease are available. That’s the problem we’ve always had with material progress: it tends to oppose human progress. Avoiding that fundamental opposition is the biggest challenge we face, and it needs to be addressed not only by enlightened legislation but also by education, from children in kindergarten up through students in the universities, and also by popular entertainment through the mass media.
Beyond legislation and education and propaganda, social institutions and lifestyles should be designed with human quality and human progress in mind. It’s not really possible to say now how this may be implemented in
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
11
“I envision a world of White families, of White schools, of White communities: clean and orderly communities, with lots of healthy White children, hiking and camping and learning crafts or folk traditions___”
detail, but I can give a couple of suggestive examples. Young people should be raised in a competitive environment They should compete athletically: in gymnastics, in track and field events, in the exercise of outdoor survival skills, in armed and unarmed martial arts — and at least for girls, in esthetic contests, in contests of beauty and grace — which more than anything else are dependent on good genes and good health — and in contests of song and dance and musical performance. And they should compete intellectually, with recognition and scholarships and admission to the best schools given to the best scholars, to the best problem-solvers.
Children raised in such a competitive environment will grow up valuing performance and quality and achievement When the time comes for them to engender children of their own they will better understand the need for having the best possible children. And the institution of marriage, properly designed, can serve that purpose.
In the first place, children raised competitively and rewarded or recognized according to their achievements, will tend to sort themselves according to quality, so that superior boys are more likely to be in the same schools or the same workplaces as superior girls, and are therefore more likely Co marry superior girls.
In the second place, producing children can be encouraged or discouraged according to the quality of the parents. The best parents can be given the greatest social and economic incentives for having large families. And the economy can be structured, the job market can be tailored, so that the brightest and healthiest women have very few career choices and therefore are more likely to choose marriage and motherhood, while attractive careers outside the home are much more available to less gifted women, so that they are less likely to become mothers.
I think that with intelligent planning we can achieve the desired results with a minimum of governmental intrusion into private lives. And, really, this is a very important aspect of the sort of world we want for our people in the future: we want a world where the environment and the shape of the society itself and the lifestyles which naturally flow from that
environment and that society are what give us our racial progress, rather than governmental compulsion or regimentation. And the reason for this preference is not so much a dislike of governmental compulsion as the fact that governmental compulsion tends to be uncertain and transitory.
I envision a world of White families, of White schools, of White communities:	clean and orderly
communities, with lots of healthy White children, hiking and camping and learning crafts or folk traditions instead of hanging around shopping malls in baggy shorts or cruising and drinking and throwing beer cans out the window: obedient White kids who say “yes, sir” and “yes, ma’am” to their parents and don’t smoke or listen to non-White music or join urban street gangs, because there won’t be any urban street gangs. And I envision a world with fewer limits and constraints, with a lot more possibilities for the individual to follow his own inclinations, a world in which most of the people feel that they can have almost any sort of future they want within the general framework of their responsibilities to their race, if they’re willing to take chances and work hard.
I’m afraid that the part about taking chances and working hard won’t
appeal to all racially conscious White people today: certainly not to those on welfare and probably not to those who have become accustomed to living comfortably even as their world goes over the brink. They might prefer a world without Blacks and Mexicans and Jews and Vietnamese, but they want it to be a world of total comfort and safety, a world in which technology increases the capacity for self-indulgence without limit. They would balk at sacrificing comfort and luxury and personal safety for racial progress.
And I know that most of these people also will balk at the hard methods required to get from here to there. They would like for all of the non-Whites to just go away. They would like for all of the racially mixed couples and their mongrel offspring to just disappear without any fuss. They would like for all of the Jews to sell out their interests in the media and head for Tel-Aviv and stay there. They would like for all of the White capitalists and liberals and feminists and politicians who have been collaborating with the Jews because they are getting some advantage from it at the expense of their race to wake up one morning and realize the error of their ways and henceforth put the interests of their race first.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
But none of that will happen. Without struggle life sinks back into the slime. It always has been only through hardship and struggle and the shedding of blood that life has advanced. Increasing our level of comfort through our technology is not the same as increasing human quality; in fact, throughout history technology has resulted in a lowering of the average human quality in our own race by contravening the process of natural selection — although our technology also gave us an advantage in our conflicts with other races. What we have done in the past century is foolishly to give away much of that latter advantage while keeping the disadvantage.
Well, our technology need not be used so foolishly in the future, even if it has been so far. It is possible for us to continue reaching for the stars without trying to halt the beneficial effects of AIDS in Africa, for example. We can continue developing new microelectronic gadgetry and at the same time prevent aysgenic breeding among our own people, if we have the
will to do so. But when we are sinking comfortably back into the slime we don’t have that will; in fact, we don’t even like to think about these uncomfortable things, but they are nonetheless true.
We can envision a new White world of strong men and beautiful women and bright children; a greener world of regrown forests and unpolluted air and water; a cleaner world, without Jewish television or non-Whites; a progressive world, in which each successive generation of our people is a little healthier and a little brighter than the last. That new White world can only rise out of hard and bloody struggle, however. It will not be presented to us as a gift, and no one will devise a nice, painless way of getting from here to there. We must have the will to build that world and to overcome every enemy who will try to stop us along the way. Acquiring that will will be the real achievement for us. Once we have the will, we can win the struggle.
In this soft and feminized age it is much easier to continue sinking comfortably back into the slime. So our task for now remains to continue talking to our people about real things, to keep the perceptive minority of our people aware that we are indeed sinking, to help them develop the proper attitudes and the hard, realistic modes of thought conducive to racial survival; and in its own time the comfort will end and the bloodshed will begin, as it always has.
Meanwhile, it doesn’t hurt us to daydream occasionally about that cleaner, greener, White world we want to build for our people.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “A White World,” aired on December 16, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
I Need Your Support
How are we doing? How do we judge how we are doing?
Most people, I believe, judge themselves by the reactions of those around them. Certainly, that’s true of lemmings, who have no inner standards for judgment at all. They evaluate their own qualities, their own behavior, their own accomplishments entirely on the basis of the reactions of those around them. They are entirely social animals, herd animals.
But really, all of us, not just the lemmings, do that to a greater or lesser degree. When the major Jewish organizations declared my organization, the National Alliance, to be the most dangerous organization in America, my response was, “Hey, wonderful! We must be doing something right” Every time I see a shrill newspaper headline reference to me, or read an editorial with some editor shrieking that I am a “hater,” I know that I have earned the hatred of an enemy of my people, and I cannot help but feel a litde twinge of pride because of it.
Of course, we have to be careful about that sort of thing. When a bunch of Jewish organizational leaders and media bosses declare that I am “dangerous,” I never know whether they really feel threatened by the ideas and the truths that I bring out in these broadcasts or whether they’ve just sent out a fund appeal and are trying to frighten the little Jews into sending them money by holding me up as a bogeyman. Perhaps it’s a little of both.
It’s a similar situation with governments. The media, the liberals, and the politicians in Germany are trying to oudaw any groups there that are opposed to multiculturalism, opposed to more non-German immigration, or opposed to the re-Judaizing of Germany. Is this effort, which is orchestrated by the media, simply an attempt to sell more newspapers by raising sensational issues, or is it based on a real fear that German patriotic groups are gaining strength and may derail liberal and Jewish plans to multiculturalize Germany?
I’m inclined to believe that there is a certain amount of fear behind these efforts, both in America and in Europe: efforts to muzzle heterosexual White males in general and patriots in particular. The people who are the primary beneficiaries of current government policies — feminists, homosexuals, non-Whites of all varieties, especially Jews — don’t want anyone to upset their apple cart. They want to hang onto the unnatural policies and quotas being enforced by the government for their benefit. Feminists really would like to be able to lock up any man who laughs at their silly notions of equality. These are basically very intolerant and narrow-minded people. They don’t believe in free speech except for those who agree with them. I used to get letters from them that started off:
Unfortunately, the First Amendment allows people like you to spout your hateful sexist and racist and homophobic ideas, etc.
These days I get letters from the same sort of people, who now tell me:
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
13
National Alliance
BULLETIN
1 SSkxoi^^SSSM Y ‘ MusaoMO Y~ wtumi
Deccan Wr 2*Oi
Fi|Mwf CerrepriM
Une of ike mom to&cpnmn mend* fh Amcricriodty » dn corraption ■ad pohiccwi el. hw-cafacaanm <ffiirir~ by Jowah orfiniaiinw. Jew* (omokat a U-S. potky In die Middle Fan n hk h praadn ftneriti rcpmat* K Arab and other Mmlan group* «lt» Iwvc no oiter of fighting bad Tin Jcwa dam nine a baac end cry about effroemw and offer tkmhn as experts on how to den! wish u; in narrkular they sellrheirw-vices m terroristn experts at police dcpnamuiir swoand the eoenfiy who knew nothing about lu rut ion but arc concerned hnrtun of nil of' the Jev* ida media puWkfcy steal M.
The Jew* invent a new cho of akte^-Taa; trine"--BMk< a great deal of media propaganda about H, and daen offcr their service? j» ex-petti on uaaac crime." Wkt depot* oanp, having been convinced by Jewish media propaganda that “ho* crane" is a growing problem in Ainenca that die police seed to deal wide eagerly unpond to Jewish often to help diem recognsae "Hate oinrf* oalsT and deal with “hate crime" appropriately
The purpose of the Jews, of count, in so subvert law enforcement and use it for their own purpose? The fset tfcer poiktuen tend m he suthorw tarhm by nature make* than easy prey for this sort of Jewish wftver-
EIGHTY mwrtMn and guests fupMti tho Saoramonlo Local Uni t Sobtfec Pint on DacamMr 16 Thneo ot the speakers «the festival wer* (loft to right) Drahocrk Stojkovrc, WH Wiliams, and Erich GH*be.
The National Alliance Bulletin
You should be locked up. The First Amendment was never intended to protect speech like yours, which hurts people's feelings.
Anyway, the more shrill letters I receive from haters, the more I’m inclined to believe that I’m making progress. But it’s much better to judge ourselves by an internal standard than by the way in which our enemies react to us. We set our own goals and we judge ourselves on the basis of the progress we make toward those goals. In my own case, I know that I feel much better when I see credible evidence that I’m reaching more normal, healthy people with my message every week and that I’m having more of an effect on the people who listen to me — I feel better about this than I do when some bunch of Jewish snake-oil salesman like the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith declares me the most dangerous man in America: flattering perhaps, but not really a standard to judge myself by.
Here’s what I judge myself by: I received a letter from a listener a few days ago. He told me that he buys audio cassettes of all of my broadcasts, and he plays them in his car. He plays them loudly, with the windows down, so that other people can hear them too, or at least can hear parts of them, when he’s stopped at traffic lights. That’s the way he does his bit. But he was astounded, he told me, when one
day recendy he reached over to turn on the cassette player in his car and realized he already was hearing one of my broadcasts. It was coming from another car! That’s what I call progress.
I told you last week about a book that a professor at the University of Vermont, Dr. Robert Griffin, has written about me. None of the big New York publishers would touch it They all told him it wouldn’t sell. So he published it as an e-book at Might-yWords.com, which is a division of Barnes and Noble, the world’s biggest bookseller. And Dr. Griffin’s book immediately moved to the top of the best-seller list: the number-one bestseller among all of the thousands of e-books sold by MightyWords.com. And that’s where his book still is: the top of the best-seller list That’s progress, because just five years ago something like that couldn’t have happened. The Jewish control of the publishing industry was too tight
I get letters every day from people who are really angry about the Middle East situation: not just about what is happening in Palestine, but about the absolutely disgusting way the media and the government over here are responding to that situation. When the Jews shoot another Palestinian child, the media here portray it as, “oops, sorry, another Arab was killed in the crossfire between Palestinian terrorists and Israeli Defense Forces.” But more and more Americans over here are realizing that it’s not a matter of crossfire at all. It’s a matter of trained Jewish marksmen sitting safely behind barricades and carefully picking off unarmed Palestinian children with sniper rifles fitted with bipods and telescopic sights. It’s cold-blooded murder. It’s the Jewish method of crowd control. More and more Americans are becoming angry about the way the news is slanted and distorted to favor the Jews — to portray the Jews always as the innocent victims — and about the way every political candidate in America is licking the hands — or some other part — of the chief murderers and aggressors and liars in the Middle East.
When I see evidence of this anger I feel good. When people write to me and tell me that they agree with me that it is these same murderers that our politicians so slavishly serve who ultimately ate responsible for the mur-
The Fame Dead Maufs Deeds
An Up-Close Jtortrait of White Nationalist William Fierce
Robert S. Griffin
The Fame of a Dead Man’s Deeds
derous attack on the USS Cole, regardless of who actually delivered the bomb, I feel good. When I see more and more people understanding that it is not Osama bin Laden who is responsible for Americans being unsafe in the Middle East but that it is the people in Washington who support Israel, who support the murderers, who support the aggressors, I feel good. And if I can see evidence that I have contributed in any way to this growing understanding, I feel really good.
And you know, you can feel good too. You can help spread understanding, and you can see the results of your help. You don’t have to spend thousands of dollars every month to have your own radio program in order to do this. You can help me do it My organization, the National Alliance, has members all over the world who help support these American Dissident Voices broadcasts and the Alliance’s other outreach programs. I invite you to join us. You’ll find information and an application form at our web site, If you don’t have Internet access, just write to me and I’ll mail you the application and information.
And if you’d like to help but just aren’t a joiner — or if you’re just not ready to join yet — you still can be a supporter. Just make a pledge to send me $10 each month. If you’re worried about Janet Reno’s secret police, you can send a postal money order, which
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
is untraceable, or even cash. And of course, you can send more than $10 any time you want But if you will pledge to send at least $10 each month to support what we’re doing in the National Alliance, I’ll send you our activities newsletter — our monthly membership bulletin. That’s exacdy the same bulletin which is mailed out to all of our members around the world each month. I’ll send it to you by first class mail every month. You won’t be a member, you won’t have a membership card or a membership record, but you’ll receive the same bulletin that all of our members receive, and you’ll be able to see the results of our activities: activities which you will be helping to support And please be assured: I really do need your support.
One of the most interesting sections of our monthly bulletin is a sampling of both the positive and the | negative responses we receive from the ' public as a result of our activities. In each bulletin I actually quote from a number of letters that I have received during the month, so that our members can see what the public is thinking. Even our hate mail is instructive, because it helps us to understand how the haters think — if one can call it that We can see very specifically just how the brainwashing of the media and the schools — and in many cases the churches — is reflected in the
statements of those who have been brainwashed. We can see certain statements mindlessly parroted over and over in various hate letters, and we can draw some conclusions from this not only about the propaganda to which they have been subjected but also about how their minds work.
Anyway, what we’re doing is interesting, and it’s very important — it’s necessary — and you can be a part of it. Just write me and let me know that you will be sending at least $10 each month, and I’ll arrange for you to receive our membership bulletin by first class mail every month.
Speaking of my hate mail, I’m reminded of a subject I spoke about briefly with you a few weeks ago: a subject about which you’ll certainly be hearing much more in the coming months; that’s the subject of reparations to American Blacks for slavery. It’s a subject which is beginning to pick up a bit of steam and will continue to do so. I recendy read an essay by a Black woman who is concerned that as these reparations claims by Blacks become louder and more insistent, they will enrage White nationalists. I don’t know whom she had in mind when she referred to enraged White nationalists, but I’m a White nationalist, and I’m certainly not enraged. In fact, I’m quite pleased by the prospect of Black reparations claims: the louder and more insistent
the better, the more money demanded the better.
At this time the reparations movement is being pushed mosdy by Blacks, whose thinking seems to be that if the Jews could get away with it, so can they. I’m sure that it won’t be long, however, before a gaggle of Jewish lawyers has shanghaied the Black reparations racket, and we’ll see Black lawyers fighting with Jewish lawyers over who gets the biggest piece out of Whitey’s hide.
So what does this have to do with my hate mail? Well, a fair amount of it comes from White wimps, from a whiney, feminized sort of White man who typically responds to my complaints about the out-of-control immigration situation by reminding me that the Indians were here first, that White people are immigrants, and that if anybody should be kicked out of the country it is Whites. “We stole the land from the Indians,” these White wimps whine. “It doesn’t really belong to us, so we have no right to keep anyone else out.”
If I comment on the breakdown of law and order in Rhodesia and South Africa after those formerly civilized countries, built by White people, were turned over to Black rule, I hear a very similar sort of whining from the same White wimps. When I talk about the seizure of White farms in Rhodesia and the murder of White farmers and the rape of White women in South Africa, the wimps whine that turn about is fair play. Whites used to mistreat the Blacks in southern Africa, they say, and so now I have no right to complain that Blacks are mistreating Whites.
These are the wimps who cheered Bill Clinton when he boasted to college audiences during the past eight years that the White majority in America was on the way out: that within the next few decades the White majority would be shoved aside by people of color and by feminists and by homosexuals and by others who hadn’t been given a chance to run things yet. And the wimps cheered: White wimps.
This sort of insanity didn’t begin with the Clinton presidency. It was preached on college and university campuses all over America back in the 1960s. The message was that the rule of the world by heterosexual White males is not fair. White people,
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/year
FREE SPEECH for December 2000
15
straight people, have had their turn. Now it’s time for the non-Whites and the gays and lesbians and others to take their turn. And then really, things will be much better for everyone, even for the uptight, heterosexual White males, who had ruled the world brutally by force. The new way, it was asserted, would be women and Blacks and gays running things by committee. There would be no coercion. Everything would be worked out by talking. Everything would be shared. Everything would be fair.
You know, I’m not making this up. I was teaching on a university campus myself in the 1960s. The Jews were sowing their seeds, winning converts among the soft, feminized youth of the middle class even then. I’ve talked about this revolution in values and attitudes among young people during the 1960s in past broadcasts, and I’ll undoubtedly talk about it again in future broadcasts, but for now I’ll just recommend that if you’re not old enough to remember the revolution of the 1960s yourself, you can read a book about it that was written by one of the principal Jewish spokesmen for the revolution, Jerry Rubin. Rubin’s book, Do It, was published in 1970 by the big New York Jewish publisher Simon & Schuster, and it’s available in every major library in the country today.
Many other books also were written during the 1960s and 1970s promoting the same ideas and attitudes, but Jerry Rubin’s Do It is the one I recommend, just because it’s so accessible. It’s written for young people, people with a short attention span. It’s simple and straightforward and clear. There’s no ambiguity about what this Jew is advocating. It may be embarrassing to some of Rubin’s more sophisticated fellow travelers, who prefer sociological double-talk to Rubin’s often obscene bluntness, but really, they’re all promoting the same ideas, the same sort of world.
The young White people who absorbed Rubin’s poisonous message in the 1960s ate university administra-
tors and high school principals and government bureaucrats and newspaper editors and Christian preachers today, using different words perhaps, but spreading the same poisonous doctrine to a new and larger generation of young White people: to the pre-teens in their baggy shorts and backward baseball caps; to the teenagers with the safety pins through their noses, listening to their CDs by Black rap stars; and to the wimpy, semi-literate, pseudo-sophisticated university students in their multi-culti dormitories who write their whining hate letters to me.
You know, I’m not enough of a psychologist to really understand this phenomenon, to understand why there are so many more whining White wimps who are susceptible to this Jewish poison than there used to be: why there are so many more pathetic, feminized young White men who believe that we ought to give America back to the Indians and let the Blacks do unto us as we are alleged to have done unto them than there were a century ago. I suspect that it has something to do with the way young people are socialized these days, spending their early years in the chaotic, democratic environment of daycare centers instead of at home. I wish I had a psychologist here on my staff to help me understand these things better.
But there are some things I do understand well enough. I understand that if White men 200 or 300 years ago had been like these feminized wimps who populate our college campuses today, we wouldn’t have to debate about giving America back to the Indians,. The Indians would still have it. We never would have won the West The Mexicans would still have it. In fact, we wouldn’t be in North America at all — or anywhere else for that matter. Kids who grew up in baggy shorts and backward baseball caps never would have stopped the Huns from taking over Europe in the fifth century, never would have been able to keep the Moors south of the
Pyrenees in the eighth century. White men who believed that Huns and Moors and Turks and Mongols had as much right to Europe as Whites did and that we ought to be fair to these other races and share things with them simply wouldn’t have survived. And they wouldn’t have deserved to survive.
We are here today because our ancestors weren’t feminized, Judaized wimps. And if our descendants are to rule this planet a century from now, a lot of people’s ideas and attitudes need to be straightened out in a hurry. The feminized wimps need to be removed from our government, from our media, from our educational institutions and replaced by real White men.
That will be a tough job, because real White men are a lot scarcer than they used to be. But the job must be done; otherwise our race is finished — forever. I don’t really care how the job is done — whether the wimps all get machine-gunned and bulldozed into giant lime pits or whether their thinking eventually is straightened out by a program of prolonged trauma and privation. But I think that a really good fight between Blacks and Whites over reparations for slavery can’t hurt. I think that having Hillary in the U.S. Senate where the few decent White citizens left in New York can see and hear her every day and have their faces rubbed in her programs for the next six years can’t hurt. I think that having a presidential election turn out in a way that leads half of the electorate to believe that the election was stolen from them can’t hurt
Well, I’ll continue to talk with you about Black reparations and other things, and the National Alliance will continue to grow stronger, and its members will continue to do whatever is necessary to lay the groundwork for the survival of our people — and you can support these efforts and stay in closer touch with what’s happening if you’ll write to me today and pledge your regular help.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “I Need Your Support,” aired on November 11, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 (postage included).
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year