FREE SPEECH • MAY 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO. V
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
■
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Zimbabwe: Liberal
Dr.
Pierce
Horror in Rhodesia
Dr. William Pierce
^fppl
:	W0&	5®3:	"	fc
Be, or Not to He
f/s	'*'<*
Dr. William Pierce
Storm, Break Loose!
Dr. William Pierce!
Zimbabwe: Liberal Consequences
Today let’s talk about liberalism. Let’s look at what this disease of the soul is doing to one group of our people. Let’s look at the consequences of liberalism in a country in the southeastern part of the continent of Africa, a country that until 20 years ago was known as Rhodesia and today is called Zimbabwe.
The reason Rhodesia is called Zimbabwe today is that in 1979 the Rhodesians, under intense diplomatic and economic pressure brought to bear against them by liberals in America and Europe — and to be completely honest about it, showing some symptoms of the disease themselves — decided to let Blacks vote for the next government of Rhodesia. Since there were at that time six million Blacks living in Rhodesia and only 275,000 White Rhodesians, this was in effect a decision by the Rhodesians to commit collective suicide. Some of them realized that fact at the time, but most didn’t, because, as I just mentioned,
they were showing some early symptoms of liberalism. Today most of the few Rhodesians who are left realize that they made a fatal mistake 21 years ago. But before we get to the Rhodesian situation today, let’s just remember a little history.
A Zimbabwe White who was attacked by Blacks
Early in the 19 1 century people from the British Isles first began farming and mining operations in the part of Africa north of the Limpopo River and south of the Zambesi River: an area that later became Rhodesia. Murderous forays by Blacks were a problem during the 19™ century, even though they more often were intent on murdering and eating each other than on killing the White settlers, but eventually the Whites taught the Blacks to behave themselves. By the
beginning of the 20^ century the Rhodesian highlands were being farmed on a significant scale by White settlers.
The Rhodesian highlands, with their almost European climate and fertile soil, weren’t of much interest to the jungle-acclimated Blacks, but the Whites found the area ideal, and in the period between the two World Wars they built a thriving country, not only with farming and mining,
2
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
The Rhodes Matopos National Park in Rhodesia
but also with gleaming cities and a number of industries. After the Sec-ond World War, many veterans from England migrated to Rhodesia. The Rhodesian population was certainly a cut above that in Europe: taller, fairer, leaner, more enterprising and energetic on the average. Look at photographs taken in Salisbury or on Rhodesian farms. The Rhodesian women especially were tali and blond and beautiful. Rhodesia was a good place to live, a good place to raise White children.
But of course, there was a worm in the apple. A wave of liberalism was sweeping over Europe after the war. Liberalism had defeated fascism. The corpses of millions of liberalism’s opponents were rotting in mass graves all over Europe, after they had been machine-gunned, hanged, starved to death at the end of the war. Other millions of the opponents of liberalism were being worked to death in slave-labor camps behind the Iron Curtain, liberalism was triumphant And even in happy, sunny Rhodesia the malignant influence of liberalism made itself felt The liberals in Europe were screaming about the evils of White colonialism and White imperialism. The White man was oppressing and exploiting the Brown man in India and the Black man in Africa, and it had to be stopped. After all, we were all equal. Race was an inconsequential detail, only a matter of skin color and nothing else. To think otherwise was to be a “fascist,” a “racist” A horribly bloody war had
just been fought in order to exterminate the “fascists” and the “racists.” It was intolerable that we should permit “racist” policies to govern our colonies in Africa. The Blacks must be given the vote. We must step down and hand everything over to our Black “equals.”
This insanity even had its proponents in Rhodesia, especially in the Christian churches there. Most Rhodesians at that time were in no mood for giving their country away, despite all of the liberal propaganda. After all, it was their country. They and their ancestors had built it Despite the influx of immigrants still arriving from England, most Rhodesians had been bom in Rhodesia and had lived there all their lives. And they knew what the Blacks were like. They knew that the differences between Whites and Blacks involved infinitely more than skin color. Furthermore, they knew that they were not oppressing the Blacks, who actually were much better off since the arrival of Whites. The Blacks gready preferred an occasional lashing by a White farmer when they didn’t work hard enough to being eaten by their fellow Blacks when they lost a tribal war.
At least, that was the case with most of the Blacks in Rhodesia, where they worked primarily as farm laborers. But there was some resentment, some envy of the White man. And there were Whites, infected by the disease of liberalism, who were eager to fuel that resentment and turn that envy into active hatred. Some of
these infected Whites were in the media. Even more of them were in the Christian churches. One of the principal activities of the Christian churches in Rhodesia was educating Blacks. They set up mission schools throughout the country, where they not only provided free medical care for the Blacks and taught them how to read and write, but also pumped into them the propaganda of equality and of hatred of their White employers. They preached a theology of revolution. Every single Black terrorist leader who later emerged when warfare between Blacks and Whites broke out in Rhodesia — every one -was trained in a Christian mission school. That includes the current Black dictator of Rhodesia — excuse me, Zimbabwe — former terrorist leader, now president, Robert Gabriel Mugabe. It also includes the Reverend Ndabaningi Sithole, who in 1979 was the head of the Zimbabwe African National Union (ZANU), one of the principal terrorist groups. And it includes Bishop Abel Muzorewa, the first Black to be maximum leader of Rhodesia after the Whites abdicated.
When Black terrorists became active on a significant scale during the 1960s, the Rhodesians fought back hard. While other European colonies in Africa were abandoned, the Rhodesians, along with the South Africans, were determined to defend their land and their homes. And of course, the liberals in Europe and in America were solidly on the side of the Black terrorists. The liberals cheered whenever the Blacks murdered a White farm family or set off a terrorist bomb in Salisbury. And when the terrorists murdered or mutilated the Black workers of a White farmer, the liberals were silent. They hadn’t really wanted that, but after all, you can’t make an omelet without breaking a few eggs.
An ironic point is that Rhodesia’s Christian missions frequendy also were targets. The White farmers learned quickly how to deal with terrorists. Their farms were heavily armed, and they set up a very effective mutual defense and alarm network. When they caught a live terrorist, they hanged him. The Rhodesian Army had the best anti-terrorist fighters in
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
3
Members of the armed forces of the old Rhodesia
the world. Tracking, catching, and killing Black terrorists became a sport at which they excelled, in their frustration, the Blacks turned on the Christian missions that had trained them. The missions were unarmed and often were in remote areas and so were easy targets. The Blacks would gang-rape the White nuns and nurses and then cut their throats. They would slit open the bellies of the White infants and children and pull out their entrails. They would impale the priests on stakes and gouge out their eyes. The liberals back in America would smirk. They would much rather it had been a White farm family than the White staff of a Christian mission station — but at least the victims were White.
The Rhodesians as a whole were coping pretty well with Black terrorism, so the liberals began applying economic terrorism. Rhodesia was placed under embargo by the United Nations. The intention was to starve the Rhodesian “racists” into submission, to cut off the supplies they needed to defend themselves from the Black terrorists. Well, the embargo was ineffective, because the Rhodesians got whatever they needed from the South Africans, just across the Limpopo River to the south. This infuriated the liberals. Christian church groups in America raised money for the Black terrorists in Rhodesia so that they could buy more effective weapons. Whenever the Rhodesians hanged a group of terrorists, church groups and other liberal groups in America would hold candlelight vigils, which seems to be one of the favorite things liberals do.
The Jewish media were the liberals’ most effective weapon against Rhodesia, however. The media in America whipped up a frenzy of bloodthirsty hatred against the Rhodesians. They had students demonstrating on university campuses. They invited terrorist leaders to speak to student groups, and they helped to raise funds for the terrorists. The destruction of White Rhodesia was one of the top-priority projects of American liberals during the 1970s. But the White Rhodesians weren’t especially worried. They had declared their independence from Britain in
1965 when the liberals in Britain tried to impose Black rule on them, and as long as they could trade their farm products and their minerals to South Africa in return for military helicopters and petroleum products, they knew they could fight Black terrorism indefinitely.
So the liberals stepped up the economic pressure against South Africa. And the South Africans, I am embarrassed to say, eventually gave in. They cut off their trade with Rhodesia, leaving the Rhodesians isolated. And I cannot blame this bit of treachery entirely on the liberals. In part it was due to selfishness and stupid shortsightedness on the part of nonliberal South Africans. South African businessmen and politicians thought that if they threw the Rhodesians to the wolves they could relieve some of the economic pressure the liberals were putting on South Africa.
Even without South Africa’s help, the Rhodesians could deal with the terrorists. But liberalism also had infected many Rhodesians and weakened both their self-confidence and their judgment. They decided in 1979 that living under a Black government wouldn’t be so bad after all. Blacks were human beings too, they thought. Surely the Blacks would understand
that their own welfare depended on the Whites. The Whites made up only 4.5 per cent of the population, but they produced 92 per cent of Rhodesia’s agricultural output. Black farmers engaged only in subsistence farming, and their own families consumed nearly everything they produced. Without the White farmers and their large, efficient farms, everything would sink back into the jungle. So with all sorts of agreements and safeguards and assurances from the British government and the United Nations, the Rhodesians turned their government over to the Black majority, thinking that then the world would love them, their standard of living would go up because the embargo would be lifted, and everything would be peaceful and prosperous again.
Well, it didn’t take long for cold, hard reality to assert itself. The first thing that happened was the change in the name of their country from Rhodesia to Zimbabwe. Their capital city had its name changed from Salisbury to Harare. And their democratic government, with ail its checks and balances to assure the safety of the White minority quickly reverted to the norm for Black Africa: a one-party dictatorship, with an increasingly unstable and unpredictable Black dic-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
tator. Robert Mugabe’s party controls 147 of the 150 seats in Zimbabwe’s parliament There are Black opposition groups in Zimbabwe, but when they try to have public meetings or election rallies, they are set upon by armed thugs from Mugabe’s party, and their leaders tend to disappear or have fatal accidents.
During a peaceful march in Harare on the first of this month by
3,000	members of an opposition group, including 200 Whites, Mugabe supporters armed with clubs and machetes attacked the marchers while Black police watched without interfering. The attackers singled out the Whites in the procession. I’ll read you a few lines from an eyewitness report. 1 quote:
“As the police stepped hastily aside, they charged. Demonstrators fled in panic as stones were hurled toward diem. Crouching in a doorway, I saw an ordinary shopping street overrun by anarchy. Thugs raced along pavements beating bystanders to the ground and snatching handbags. . .. Shops hastily barricaded entrances, leaving desperate people trapped in the street. A white man in his fifties was hit by stones and fell to the ground. His companion, a white woman in her forties, was toppled beside him. Seconds later three youths attacked them with clubs, and blood spattered across the pavement where they lay.”
In front of me I have dozens of other eyewitness reports of beatings, slashings, and stabbings of Whites who participated in this peaceful protest against the Mugabe government two weeks ago. 1 doubt that you read any of these reports in the New York Times or the Washington Post. They really don’t like to report such news.
Much of the recent turmoil in Zimbabwe is related to Mugabe’s threats during the past year to take the hems away from the White formers and give them to his Black followers. Last week, on April 6, he finally announced that he will confiscate White forms without compensation. Even before the announcement, Black gangs already had invaded more than 800 White forms and had become illegal squatters, and Mugabe had refused to intervene.
A White attacked by Mugabe’s supporters
There are only 75,000 Whites left in Zimbabwe today. Of the 275,000 Rhodesians in the country in 1979 at the advent of Black rule, 200,000 already have left. The ones who remain own some 4,500 farms, which still produce more than 90 per cent of Zimbabwe’s agricultural output. Mugabe is basing his popularity with Blacks on a promise to take the farms away from Whites and redistribute the land to Blacks.
Referring to his refusal to remove the illegal squatters from the White forms, Mugabe announced last week, and I quote: “We will not remove the people from the farms. We are going to share the farms. We are all equal. We all have to share equally.”
The remaining Whites in Zimbabwe are desperate. Their forms are all they have. When those are taken most of them will have nothing left and nowhere to go. A minority of them with British passports can go to Britain, but everything they own, everything they spent their lives building, will remain behind.
Now, here’s the punch line to this story: it isn’t a story in America. The Jewish mass media over here have been far too busy giving us the latest updates on Elian Gonzales to tell us about what’s happening in Zimbabwe. Four days ago, on Tuesday night of this week, I saw a one-minute snippet about the dispossession of the
White farmers of Zimbabwe on CNN Headline News. I don’t expea to see much more. So for as die Jewish media bosses are concerned it’s not important news. The victims are our people, not Jews or Blacks or other non-Whites, and so there’s no need to make a fuss about it. And the liber, als, of course, aren’t interested.
They were very interested back in the 1970s, when they were busy destroying Rhodesia. But now that the work of destruction is done they have completely lost interest. They don’t care. Their latest projea is to persuade the International Monetary Fund that it must not be so stingy in giving our money to African countries that need it They’re demonstrating in the streets of Washington right now in a campaign to get more money for supporting bankrupt countries -countries like Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwe. Since the Whites, who were the principal employers of Black workers in Zimbabwe, began leaving a few years ago, the unemployment rate in Zimbabwe has reached 50 per cent Now the annual inflation rate also has reached 50 per cent. When Mugabe begins grabbing more White farms, as he announced last week that he would, there will be a total collapse of the economy. On top of that, one in every five Blacks in Zimbabwe is infected with HIV.
Yes, indeed, a new generation of very earnest college girls and long' haired freaks and hymn-singing Christians soon will have a wonderful, new cause to devote themselves to: providing money and food and medical aid to the starving, AIDS-wasted Blacks of Zimbabwe. They will be demonstrating just as self-righ-teously for this cause as the previous generation demonstrated for Black rule in Rhodesia.
You know, I started out today to talk about the disease of liberalism. What I’ve talked about so for is just one of the consequences of liberalism, one of the effects of this disease of the soul. The very earnest college girls and the long-haired freaks and the hymn-singing Christians who were so proud of themselves when they succeeded in destroying Rhodesia are just an effect of liberalism also. They aren’t liberals. They don’t have
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
5
an ideology. They just want to be fashionable. They will take up any cause, with the utmost earnestness, so long as it is fashionable. They don’t have the wits to understand the disastrous consequences of their misdirected earnestness. And they really don’t care.
| used to want to kill all of these people. I wanted to round up every earnest college girl and long-haired freak and every hand-clapping hymn-singer who had demonstrated for Black rule in Rhodesia, or for a boycott of South Africa, or for Black voting rights in the South, or what have you, make them dig an enormous burial pit, and then machine-gun all of them. I wanted to obtain all of the old membership lists of the organizations to which these people had belonged, so that they could all be
rounded up and done away with. They have done so much damage in this world, and then walked away from it without the least regret for what they’ve done, without the least understanding of the harm they’ve caused, that it seemed to me that the proper thing to do was just kill them all.
Well, I understand now that that’s not really necessary. There are just too many trendy idiots in the world. They are not even inherendy evil. They lack the ability to distinguish good from evil. They have no more inherent morality than animals do. They have no souls. They have only the ability to recognize what is trendy at the moment. The people who need to be killed are the ones who set the destructive trends for the idiots. They are the real liberals, the
ones who are really sick and need to be put down.
I’ll talk more about them later. But for now I must tell you, I am really heartbroken when I contemplate what the destructive idiots they manipulate have done to the White people of Rhodesia, who were among the finest of our people and who at this moment are facing a very grim future indeed.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Zimbabwe: Liberal Consequences,” aired on April 15, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Horror in Rhodesia
Last week we talked about the plight of the farmers of Rhodesia, now known as “Zimbabwe.” Last week I reported to you that more than 800 White farms had been invaded and illegally taken over by Black squatters, with the blessing of the government of Black dictator Robert Mugabe. This week the number of White form families pushed off their land by Black gangs has risen to more than 1,100, and the violence of the farm seizures is growing. Before, the Blacks used knives and clubs. Now they’re using firearms.
I also reported to you last week that I had seen on CNN Headline News a one-minute news segment about the dispossession of Rhodesian formers. That was on Tuesday of last week. Then on Tuesday and Wednesday of this week I saw additional one-minute segments. Brief news segments also have begun appearing on other channels — but they’re all brief and all low key, ail understated and unemotional, conveying no sense of urgency or tragedy. I guess that the excuse of the media people for the sparse news about Rhodesia is that the saturation news coverage of the Elian Gonzalez soap
opera is keeping all of the journalists too busy for anything else.
It’s not that news isn’t available. There are journalists stationed in Salisbury, now known as “Harare.” They file reports on the Internet every day. Anyone interested can read dozens of current, detailed reports about events in Rhodesia. Most of these reports are very urgent, very tragic, very gripping: quite different from the very brief and bland reports now beginning to appear on network news programs. One gets the distinct impression that the media bosses don’t want the real news from Rhodesia to show up where the couch potatoes might stumble across it. That sort of news wouldn’t be good for race relations in America, would it? It might alarm White Americans. It might make some of them think about what’s in store for America if the present process of multiculturalization continues.
Well, let me try to stimulate some thinking. I’ll read to you from one of these reports on the Internet. This is about what happened on Wednesday of last week at die Lonely Park Farm, 20 miles east of Salisbury. The Lonely Park Farm belongs to Paul and Liz Retzlaff. During the day a truckload of
Blacks stopped at the driveway to their form and attacked one of their Black farm workers, who was mowing the grass with a sickle. They took his sickle away from him and then hacked him up with it. Later in the day about 70 Blacks gathered outside the gate of the form and began chanting and shouting threats. The Ret-zlaffs called the police, but the police refused to come. In Rhodesia these days, the police are all Black. Their boss, Robert Mugabe, won’t let the police interfere in these attacks on White forms.
Rhodesian formers have erected high-voltage electric fences and gates around their farmhouses since the trouble with the Blacks began, and usually that’s enough to keep the Blacks out At the Lonely Park Farm it wasn’t enough. After dark the Blacks drank and chanted until they had worked up their courage, and then they crashed through the electrified gate with a truck. The Retzlaffs heard them howling for blood as they came up the driveway toward the house. In the darkness, they fled to an adjacent cottage and barricaded themselves inside. Liz Retzlaff reported: “When you hear them coming your stomach
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
Black squatters confront Mrs. Stevens from behind an electrified gate
just goes into a knot, and you feel defenseless.” She and her husband and son crouched behind the cottage door and listened to the rampaging Blacks wrecking their house, smash' ing windows, breaking furniture, stealing everything they could carry away.
In die darkness they used a short' wave radio in die cottage to call their neighbors for help. Then the Blacks stormed toward the cottage, howling war cries and brandishing axes, knives, clubs, and iron bars. They were smashing down the door to the cottage, when they heard the Retziaffs’ neighbors arriving by truck. Even as the Black mob fled into the night they opened fire with assault rifles on the rescuers.
Now the Retziaffs are cleaning up the broken glass and smashed furniture and attempting to repair their wrecked home. And they are living in terror, afraid to sleep at night, never knowing when another mob of Blacks will attack — and also knowing that they can expect no protection at all from the police. Furthermore, if they defend themselves forcefully and kill their attackers, then the police will come p to arrest them. But the Ret' zlaffs have nowhere else to go, and
they don’t know what they can do except rebuild and hang on. Paul Ret' zlaff told a reporter:
We were born and bred here. My randchildren are fifth-generation Zimba-weans. Of course, we aren't going to leave. We started with nothing, ana we built this farm. There's no way we can just abandon it.
Imagine yourself in the Retziaffs’ situation. Imagine the hopelessness, the despair.
Of course, in the end they will be forced to abandon their farm, or they will be murdered. Things will not get better in Zimbabwe; they only can become worse. It’s not just that the Black dictator of Zimbabwe has prom' ised his followers that he will give the farms of the Whites to them and will be in serious trouble if he doesn’t keep his promise. It’s that a process of general deterioration began when the White Rhodesians turned the country they built over to Black rule in 1979, and that process is accelerat' ing. It will not be stopped. Unem-ployment is up and rising; inflation is up and rising; crime is up and rising; the HIV infection rate among Blacks is 20 per cent and rising; production is down and falling. As conditions in Zimbabwe become worse, the Blacks
will blame the Whites for it, just as i America they blame Whites for all of their problems, and the demand f0r confiscation of White property will grow. Mugabe understands that as more Whites are driven out, the economy will collapse, but he is to a certain extent a captive of his own policies. If he tries to pull back from the brink, other Blacks, who have even less concern for the long-term consequences of continuing the seizure of White farms, will force the issue.
A Black who is now one of Mugabe’s supporters, but who could become a rival, is Chenjerai Hunzvi. He heads the largest group of former Black terrorists, the National liberation War Veterans Association, and he is pushing hard for a full-scale ethnic cleansing of Zimbabwe. Every time he speaks to the press, he calls for speeding up the process of confiscation of land from the White farmers. “The land has been left in their hands too long,” he told reporters in Salisbury last week.
This sort of encouragement from their leaders, together with the lack of any restraint applied by Britain or the United Nations, has encouraged the Black mobs who are seizing the White farms. Last weekend they murdered a White farmer just 50 miles from the Retzlaff farm. Black squatters invaded the farm of David Stevens, 7 5 miles east of Salisbury. They abducted Stevens — a father of four, including two-year-old twins — and five of his neighbors who had come to his rescue when he radioed for help. Stevens, considered a flaming liberal by his neighbors, had been determined to maintain good race relations with his Black workers. He always distributed ten per cent of the gross earnings of his farm to his Black workers, over and above their salaries, and he took a personal interest in their problems.
When a mob of Mugabe supporters — so-called “war veterans” — showed up at his farm last Saturday and began attacking his Black workers with machetes, Stevens tried to protect them. He tried to reason with the mob. Just as his neighbors drove up to help him, the Blacks handcuffed Stevens and threw him into the back
of his own car and drove off with him. Thirty other “veterans” followed in a bus belonging to a Christian missionary station. The Christian missionaries in Rhodesia generally have sided with the Blacks against the Whites.
Stevens’ neighbors followed in their own car, until the Blacks in the mission bus began shooting at them. Then the White farmers sought refuge in a police station. The Blacks followed them into the police station and seized them, while the Black policemen in the station refused to intervene in any way. The Blacks then drove Stevens and his neighbors, all handcuffed, into the bush and began beating and torturing them. The bones in their hands were broken with iron rods. Their bodies were whipped with automotive fan belts. Their feet were burned with cigarettes. They were beaten savagely with clubs. Then the Blacks stood David Stevens beside the road and killed him with shotgun blasts to his head and back. One of the neighbors, John Osborne, who was abducted and tortured with him described the ordeal from his hospital bed. All of his neighbors are convinced that Stevens was singled out for killing, not despite his good relations with his Black workers, but because of them. Thank God for that! After the killing, the Black mob returned to Stevens’ farm and wrecked his farm house and burned the homes of his Black workers. Three days later — that’s last Tuesday — another White farmer, catde rancher Martin Olds, was murdered on his farm near Bulawayo.
And of course, you haven’t heard about any of this, beyond a dispassionate news report here and there that another White farmer has been killed — a report without details, without anything to make it seem real — because, remember, the media bosses are too busy with Elian Gonzalez to spend much time on faraway Rhodesia.
As economic conditions continue to worsen, the pressure for seizing even more White farms will increase, and the more White farms seized, the worse economic conditions will become. The first thing the Blacks do when they take over a White farm is
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
“Africanize” it. Even though the White Rhodesians have had Black workers on their farms for more than a century, the Blacks seem to have learned nothing from the experience. They are not able or willing to change from the Black way of farming to the White way. The Black way is a very primitive style of subsistence farming. When a mob of Blacks take over a White farm, they wreck the form house, subdivide what was an efficient farm into inefficient plots, and then quickly run it into the ground. They fail to maintain the farm machinery properly, and it soon stops working. They eat the breeding stock. They wear out the land.
Grazley Farm, 130 miles from Salisbury, once was the most productive dairy farm in Rhodesia. Its owner, Ben Harding, employed 100 Black workers on his 2400 acres. When the Blacks seized Grazley Farm the first thing they did was slaughter the most productive dairy cow on the farm. They ate her for their Christmas feast. Then they tore up the irrigation system to make kitchen implements. Today weeds grow up through the ruins of the farm house, and the burned-out wrecks of cars litter what was once the garden. Twenty Blacks scratch out a bare living amid the dereliction and decay. Surrounding them are tracts of untended, weed-grown land and vandalized stores houses reduced to empty shells.
Despite the brave words of the Retzlaffs and other White farmers who express their determination to stay on their farms, most of them can see the writing on the wall. About
20,000	of the 75,000 Whites remaining in Rhodesia are entided to claim British citizenship, and thousands of them are rushing now to renew their passports. The problem is that the British government doesn’t want them. If they move to Britain, they are hardly likely to be supporters of the Blair government. Instead they undoubtedly will be staunch opponents of all of Tony Blair’s very progressive programs for integrating the United Kingdom into the New World Order.
It’s not that Blair and his government don’t want more immigrants. Oh, my goodness, no! They love
7
immigrants! It’s just that the Rhodesian formers are the wrong color. Some of them, having been exposed for so long to the racial realities of Africa, may even be racists! Therefore, the Blair government is not at all happy about the prospect of their coming to Britain. And as for the
55,000	or so White Rhodesians who are not entided to British passports, don’t even mention them! There’s no chance at all that they will be allowed into Britain, even as refugees. Where will they go? Well, that’s not Tony Blair’s problem, is id It’s their problem. Tony Blair doesn’t want to hear about it.
And for the most part the controlled media in Britain are helping him not hear about it by not reporting on events in Zimbabwe any more than they absolutely must. Britain’s mincing, prancing, smirking litde prime minister, who was one of the most bloodthirsty advocates of the bombing of Belgrade in protest against Serbia’s program of ethnic cleansing in its Kosovo province, is absolutely determined to ignore the ethnic cleansing now occurring in Rhodesia. When the Serbs were putting down a terrorist insurrection by the KLA in Kosovo province a year ago, Tony Blair was filled with righteous indignation. The litde man’s eyes flashed as he announced to the world that ethnic cleansing would not be tolerated.
And it’s just about the same story in the United States. Do you remember the preaching that Mr. Clinton and his kosher crew in Washington gave to us about Serbia last year? Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic was painted as a monster, a war criminal, for unleashing his army and his police on the KLA and giving rough treatment to Albanians in Kosovo suspected of collaborating with the KLA. Have you heard Mr. Clinton say anything harsh about Robert Mugabe? Have you heard the litde Jewish troll in charge of his State Department, Madeleine Albright, speak out against the ethnic cleansing going on in Zimbabwe? Have you heard her call for Mugabe to be tried as a war criminal?
Of course, not. And it’s quite plain that the refusal of Western gov-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
emments to criticize him has emboldened Mugabe. He sees the silence of Blair and Clinton as a green light to do whatever he wants to do to the White minority in Zimbabwe. The day after the murder of David Stevens and the beating and torture of his neighbors, Mugabe announced publicly, specifically in response to complaints from other Whites about his government’s failure to take action against the murderers:
We warned the White farmers. We cannot protect you if you provoke the war veterans. You must expect the consequences.
Now, if that is not a call to further ethnic cleansing by his followers, I don’t know what is. And so far neither Mr. Blair nor Mr. Clinton has said a word. Mrs. Albright has not waddled in front of the cameras and announced that the civilized world will not tolerate any more ethnic cleansing.
I should tell you now that I have nothing against ethnic cleansing in principle. It is a natural sort of thing that serves a useful purpose. I am looking forward to a massive and thorough ethnic cleansing of America and of Europe. I am planning for it; I am working toward it. I dream about it. And it is a fact that neither Mr. Blair nor Mr. Clinton has anything against ethnic cleansing in principle either. The two differences between them and me in this matter are, first, that I will tell you honesdy what I think about it, whereas they will not; and, second, I am in favor of ethnic cleansing only when it is in the interest of my people, when it serves to protect or to purify them, and against it when it harms my people, whereas Mr. Clinton and Mr. Blair are for or against it according to whether or not it serves the interest of the people who pay them and protect them and keep them in office. In this regard they do not differ at all from their predecessors in office during the last great wave of ethnic cleansing that affected our people: namely, that which took place in Europe 55 years ago.
Franklin Roosevelt in the United States and Winston Churchill in Brit-
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
A Black builds a hut on a formerly White-owned farm
ain both pretended horror and outrage that the German people should dare to attempt to ethnically cleanse Germany of its Jewish infestation. But they themselves drafted postwar plans for ethnically cleansing large parts of Europe of Germans. Roosevelt went to his reward in hell before the plans could be carried out, but his successor, Harry Truman, cheerfully implemented them. The Jew-serving politicians of Britain and America also were not at all put off when their patrons implemented what amounted to a massive ethnic cleansing program in reverse in Poland, slaughtering
25,000	of Poland’s intellectual, social, and military elite in order to punish Poland for its traditional opposition to Jewish subversion and also to make that country more amenable to Marxist rule. The British and American politicians simply winked, blamed it on the Germans, and remained allies of those who had done the slaughtering.
The ethnic cleansing of the White farmers in Rhodesia doesn't really serve the purpose of the Jews or of the politicians in Britain and America. They already had destroyed Rhodesia effectively in 1979, and Mugabe is simply making it more obvious. The killing and dispossession of White farmers going on now is more of a nuisance and embarrassment to the Jews and politicians than
anything else. They would prefer that it proceed quietly, without attracting public notice. For us it is another major disaster in a long series of major disasters. The Rhodesians represent the best elements of our race.
We really should learn something from the difference in the way the media — which is to say, the Jews -have responded to the ethnic cleansing going on in Rhodesia today and to the ethnic cleansing in Serbia, a year ago. The Jews really were determined to wreck Serbia, to force the Serbs into line, to make them accept the New World Order. And so they reported the cleansing of Kosovo with emotion, with detail designed to rouse the emotions of viewers against the Serbs. I’m sure that you remember that; it was only a year ago. Compare that with the coverage of the murder and expropriation of White farmers by mobs of Black savages in Rhodesia today. The difference is like that between day and night. And really, Elian Gonzalez has nothing to do with it. The difference is in the attitudes of the media bosses, of the Jews. They don’t want us to get excited about the Rhodesian farmers. It doesn’t serve their interests for us to get excited and agitated about Whites being murdered by Blacks. To the contrary, it might interfere with their racial plan for America.
If ever there was a compelling reason for us to take back our mass media, if ever there was a compelling reason for us to do whatever is necessary to get our mass media out of the hands of the Jews, the ethnic cleansing in Rhodesia is it If you have any sense of racial consciousness, any sense of outrage over what is happening now in Rhodesia, join me in this effort.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Horror in Rhodesia,” aired on April 22, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2000 | National Vanguard Books •
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV
24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
9
To Be, or Not to Be
I’ve spoken about the murderous racial attacks against the farmers in Rhodesia during the previous two broadcasts, but the situation there continues to worsen, and I’m obliged to speak about it again today, because the mass media in America continue largely to avoid the subject In addition to the invasion of White farms by armed Black gangs and the murder of White farmers, the Black supporters of dictator Robert Mugabe have turned to a new terror tactic against Whites: the gang rape of White women.
Eleven days ago, on April 18, a Black gang burst into the home of a White family just outside Salisbury, now called “Harare.” They seized 28-year-old Brendan Jowett and repeatedly smashed him in the head and face with a brick, until he lost consciousness. They dragged his 25-year-old wife Tonia into a bedroom and gang-raped her. Then they found Tonia’s 18-year-old sister, Laura Wiggins, hiding in a cupboard. They dragged her out and raped her repeatedly.
Then the Blacks poured furniture polish, which they believed was fuel oil, over their victims and attempted to set them afire, first with matches and then with a burning log from the fireplace, but the furniture polish would not bum. Finally the Blacks stole everything they could carry away and fled. On the same day another White farmer and his wife had gasoline poured on them, but when the Blacks were ready to bum their victims they discovered that they had forgotten to bring matches. The farmer and his wife got away with a brutal beating and the wrecking and looting of their home. White Rhodesians should at least be thankful for the ineptitude of the Blacks.
In the face of the overwhelming numerical advantage held by the Blacks, Black ineptitude is not enough to save the Whites of Rhodesia from their enemies, unfortunately. As I reported last Saturday, on Tuesday of last week, a Black mob murdered Martin Olds on his farm near
A group of “war veterans” demonstrate
Bulawayo, Rhodesia’s second-largest city. The 43-year-old White farmer knew that Black mobs were operating in his area, and he had sent his wife Kathy and his two children, 17-year-old Martine and 14-year-old Angus, to stay with friends in the city. Olds was a former member of the Grey Scouts, Rhodesia’s elite anti-terrorist unit, before his country surrendered itself to Black rule in 1979. His neighbors considered him completely fearless. Ten years ago, when a friend had been seized by a crocodile, Olds had leaped from his boat and wrestled the crocodile in order to free his friend.
Olds was alone on his 12,000-acre cattle farm when a mob of 70 armed Blacks attacked his farmhouse early Tuesday morning. He telephoned the police station, which was less than ten minutes away, but the Black police didn’t show up until five hours later, after he was dead and the attackers were gone. Olds defended himself with a shotgun and a hunting rifle, and he wounded several of his attackers. He himself was hit by several bullets, and the bone in one leg was shattered. He bandaged and splinted his leg and continued defending himself until he lost consciousness. Then the Blacks swarmed over him and beat him to death with clubs.
As the news of the gang rapes and of the murder of Martin Olds spread, many White farm families
abandoned their homes and fled to the cities. Black gangs then were free to wreck and loot their homes without any resistance. One thing the Black gangs always do is kill any pets the Whites leave behind when they flee. Two days after the Olds murder, on Thursday of last week, an Associated Press TV News camera crew happened to be present when a mob of 200 Blacks rampaged through a White farm near the town of Arc-turns, 35 miles northeast of Salisbury. The farm belongs to Alan Windram, but Windram and his family already had fled. The Blacks found Windram’s six dogs and beat and stoned them to death while the Associated Press crew filmed the incident. The Blacks were hooting, jumping around, and gesticulating in their typical manner while they killed the dogs, obviously enjoying themselves immensely. Then the Blacks wrecked Windram’s farmhouse and burned the homes of at least 30 of his workers. All of this was recorded by the Associated Press camera crew, but believe me, it’ll be a cold day in hell before you see any of it on network television in America. It makes Blacks look bad. It might make some animal lovers like Blacks less.
Coincidentally, at the same time Martin Olds was being murdered on April 18, squads of Black police were raiding other White farms in the same area and seizing firearms from White farmers, leaving them defenseless. And also on that day, which happened to be the anniversary of the surrender of White Rhodesia to the Blacks, Britain’s Queen Elizabeth sent a message of congratulation and goodwill to Robert Mugabe. And the Queen expressed not a word of concern or disapproval about Mugabe’s genocidal policy toward Rhodesia’s White farmers. The British government, of course, has been on the wrong side of the Black campaign against Whites in Africa ever since being on the wrong side of the Second World War.
Oh, yes: the British government did make one additional statement
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
about Rhodesia on April 18. Tony Blair’s Foreign Office announced that no special considerations would be given to White Rhodesians seeking asylum in Britain from the ethnic cleansing now going on in Rhodesia, or “Zimbabwe,” as Blair and company prefer to call it They will not be permitted into Britain unless they can prove that they will be able to support themselves. As I mentioned last week, Tony Blair is not eager to have an influx of White immigrants who almost certainly will not vote for his party. Black Rhodesians, yes; White Rhodesians, no.
But there is one resident of Rhodesia, neither White nor Black, who always will find a cordial welcome in Tony Blair’s Britain. That is a 54-year-old man named Nicholas Hoogstraten. Hoogstraten is a billionaire landowner in Rhodesia. He began buying land there in 1963 and now owns nine large farms and catde ranches totaling more than a million acres. He also is a long-time financial backer of Robert Mugabe and his Zimbabwe African National Union-Popular Front, or ZANU-PF for short He began backing Mugabe in the 1960s and continued backing him all during the time ZANU was waging a terrorist war against Rhodesia’s White population. He still backs Mugabe financially, and in an interview with a major British newspaper, the Guard' ian, which appeared in the April 21 issue of that newspaper, he disparaged Rhodesia’s White farmers and blamed the country’s present turmoil entirely on them. He told the Guard' ian:
This has all been stirred up by White disenfranchised trash who still think it's Rhodesia. I have some good White friends in Zimbabwe, but these Rhodies, as we call them, are disgustingpeople. They want to ruin the country. They treat tne Blacks worse than Blacks are treated in America. I've had no problem with indigenizing my properties.
What he meant by that last statement is that when he buys a farm from a White family fleeing the country to get away from the Black terrorists that he supports, he fires the White managers and foremen and hires Blacks belonging to Mugabe’s party to take their place. He told the Guardian that he expects that this
Nicholas Hoogstraten
practice, plus his continued support for Mugabe, will ensure that his properties will remain safe from the marauding mobs of squatters who have been wrecking and taking over White farms.
Last Friday’s Guardian also provides a number of other fascinating details about Hoogstraten. For example, he went to prison briefly in the 1960s after he threw a hand grenade at the home of a business rival. One detail the Guardian neglected to mention, however, is that Hoogstraten is a Jew.
His family, after being expelled
from Spain at the end of the 15“* century, settled in the Netherlands, which accounts for his Dutch-sounding name. During the 171*1 and 18^ centuries his family was among the Netherlands’ most active dealers in Black slaves, shipping hundreds of thousands of them from the west coast of Africa to the New World. He is a kike’s kike. Not only does he refer to the men and women who built Rhodesia as “White trash,” but he refers to Gentile women as “chattels” — that’s the word this unbelievably arrogant Hebrew actually used in his Guardian interview — and bragged to the newspaper that he keeps his mansions in Brighton, in Cannes, in Monte Carlo, in Maryland, in Flor-
ida, and in Rhodesia stocked with White women for his pleasure.
Imagine how pleased with himself Hoogstraten must be. He goes to Rhodesia in 1963 as a 17-year-old with the money his ancestors made selling Black flesh; he sizes up the conflict between the White Rhodesians and the Black terrorists and bets that the terrorists will win because the Whites are too soft and too Christian to beat them; he secredy makes contact with the terrorists and begins financing Mugabe; and at the same time he begins buying up White farm land. When the Whites finally cave in and give up, the price of land in Rhodesia drops sharply and Hoogstraten is able to buy much more of it Now he is forcing the price of land even lower by continuing to support Mugabe’s terrorist tactics and expects soon to be in a position to buy as much additional land as he wants at fire-sale prices.
That is really Tony Blair’s kind of Jew. How the trendy liberals of Britain must admire him! As for me, Hoogstraten’s	really exceptional
behavior — living among Rhodesia’s Whites and pretending to be one of them while secredy financing the Black terrorist gangs who were killing White farmers and their wives and children, all so that he would be better positioned to grab their land — is just one more bit of evidence that Jews indeed are not like us. It is difficult even to believe that they belong to the same species.
Even without the malign influence of Hoogstraten and his ilk, the Rhodesians had serious problems in the 1960s and 1970s, and because they are problems that also afflict us in America and our kinsmen in Europe today, they deserve our attention. In the face of a Black terrorist war against them in the 1960s and 1970s, the Rhodesians were presented with the need to make a hard decision: either to yield their country to the Blacks or to put an end to the threat. They evaded this decision and tried to choose a middle course, and they fell between two stools.
In the 1950s Rhodesia was a prosperous, White country, and it was a very pleasant place to live. The Rhodesians had worked hard and
Medical students at the University of Rhodesia in the 1960’s. The school admitted students of ail races.
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
11
well to build their country and to develop their forms. They were a nation of strong men and beautiful women. They played as hard as they worked. Rhodesia was the jewel in the crown of the British Empire. When the rot back in London led the British government to begin dismanding its empire and turning its colonies over to the local savages, the Rhodesians declared their independence and made an effort to preserve the country where they had been bom and bred. But the rot had infected the Rhodesians as well.
It was easy enough for them to see the trend of things in the world. The forces of liberalism and egalitarianism had won the bloodiest and most destructive war in the history of the world. The best people all over Europe had been hunted down and butchered, and the worst people were ruling. Democracy and equality were triumphant, and their minions were eager to spread their plague to the whole world — or at least, to the whole White world. Though infected with the same madness raging in Europe, the Rhodesians naturally enough were not eager to commit suicide. They refused to turn their country over to the gangs of Black terrorists that were beginning to become active with the support of predatory Jews such as Hoogstraten — and also with the support of the Christian churches, in which the madness seems to have taken hold with special virulence.
But the problem extended beyond the Jews and the Christian clerics. It was in the Rhodesian people themselves. During the war they also had supported enthusiastically the forces of darkness and democracy. It was not so easy after the war to realize that they had made a terrible mistake, and that the master they had served during the war was preparing to devour them, just as it had devoured the Germans and the Poles and the Hungarians and the Ukrainians and the Russians and the Latvians and many another nation of their kinsmen in Europe. And I’m not talking now only about Soviet Communism. I’m talking about the more general sickness, the more general
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
madness, of which communism is merely an extreme manifestation.
As I said, it was easy enough for the Rhodesians to see the trend of things, to see the push for more equality and more democracy everywhere, and the more thoughtful Rhodesians certainly could extrapolate the trend and realize that it would mean the death of their country. But already caught up in it as they were, they could not bring themselves simply to reject it altogether and to reorient themselves in a better and healthier direction. They could not simply say, “Whoa! We see now where this madness of equality and democracy is heading. We can see that it means
yielding ourselves to Black rule and watching everything that we have built be destroyed. We refuse to take that course. We reject equality and democracy. We recognize every institution and every group and every individual trying to push us along that course as our enemy, and we will oppose our enemies with all of our strength of body and mind and spirit.” That was what they should have said, but they didn’t. The rot was already in their own souls.
To be, or not to be: that was the question faced by the Rhodesians, and they did not have the strength of character to choose to be and then to accept all of the implications of that
12
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
choice. They did not want not to be, but they could not accept what jj the choice to be entailed, and so now they will perish. The country they and their forefathers worked and sacrificed for will fall into the hands of creatures such as Hoogstraten and Mugabe, who chose to be, and who accepted all of the implications of that choice.
What are the implications of choosing to be instead of not to be, of choosing life instead of death? The Rhodesians should have assessed their situation realistically when their problem became apparent, around 1955 or so, and they should have accepted the fact that they could not continue existing as a ruling minority over a Black majority when the rest of the world was hell-bent for equality and democracy. They did not have the option that has worked so well for the Jews nearly everywhere of disguising themselves and blending in with the majority population. They could not pretend to be Shonas or Zulus or what have you, as Hoogstraten had pretended to be a White Rhodesian, while maintaining a secret unity among themselves and also maintaining their control and ownership of the country. It wasn’t just that the very obvious racial differences would have kept them from blending in and convincing anyone that they were Blacks, the way Hoogstraten had been able to blend in and convince everyone that he was a Rhodesian; they also couldn’t squat in their filth and scratch their fleas and eat insects — or each other, in order to persuade the world that they really were equal to the Blacks.
Since they couldn’t blend in, they might have tried another Jewish tactic: control the opposition. If loyal, healthy Rhodesians had owned the big newspapers back in Britain and had gotten their people into the controlling positions in the BBC — and also in Hollywood, since the output of Hollywood poisons the whole White world, and not just America — if White Rhodesians had been able to control the media in Britain and America, and therefore control the British government and British public opinion, they could have continued
Black invaders lounge about an occupied White farm
in the more or less quiet possession of their country indefinitely. They could have suppressed the deranged clerics, and they could have used any Black terrorist groups that sprang up for weekend target practice. But that option really wasn’t open to them either. They didn't control the media. The Jews did, and the Jews weren’t about to let go. The Rhodesians simply didn’t have the resources or the time to take the media away from the Jews, even if they had had the will.
The one option open to them was to get rid of the Blacks. The only reason there was a Black majority in Rhodesia was that the Whites who had come to Rhodesia before them had made the country fertile and prosperous and able to support a much larger population. There had been only 100,000 Blacks in the whole area when the Whites began farming in Rhodesia. And of course, the Whites utilized the Blacks for labor. They thought that it was more economically sound than exterminating or expelling them. And in the short run it was, but now the long run is catching
up with them. In America in the 171"
and 18th centuries it seemed economically sound to buy Black slaves from Mr. Hoogstraten’s ancestors to work the land in the southern colonies, but now the long run has caught up with White Americans also.
It would have been very difficult, very cosdy, very painful, for the Rhodesians to extricate themselves from their mess in 1950. It would have required determination and intelli-
gence and subterfuge, but it could have been done - if they had had the will to do it. They might even have done it in 1960. But in nei-J§| ther 1950 nor 1960 did they have the will. The Christians among them would have been horrified by the thought of getting rid of the Blacks, of either eradicating them or driving them out, just as the Christians in America today cannot cope with the demands of racial survival in this world.
But it wasn’t just the Christian inability to make hard derisions. Greed and plain, old-fashioned stupidity played major roles as well. The big commercial farmers were interested in current profits above all. They weren’t willing to give up their Black workers. They weren’t willing to do the expensive things needed to replace the Black workers, such as offering free land or very cheap land to White workers in Europe or America or Sbuth Africa, if they would come to Rhodesia. The big commercial farmers thought themselves indispensable. They could not imagine the Blacks would be so foolish as to kill the goose that was laying the golden eggs. They were willing to sacrifice the interests of their fellow Whites in order to hold onto their own advantages.
And as I just said there also was much stupidity. Even today there are White Rhodesians who believe that the problem is just Robert Mugabe. If another Black, a more reasonable Black, would take his place, then things would be all right in Rhodesia again, they believe.
Well, as I said, the Rhodesians could not accept the hard requirements of choosing life in this hard and unforgiving world, and so now they will perish. Let us in America ponder that, and let at least some of us learn from it
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “To Be, or Not to Be,” aired on April 29, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
13
Storm, Break Loose!
National Alliance members get ready for a literature distribution
Let’s talk more today about a question that listeners have raised repeatedly: What can I do for my people? What can I do to fight my people’s enemies?
If you’ve been listening to these American Dissident Voices programs for a while, you know that more than anything else I have urged people to stop being spectators ana become participants in the historical process. If you don’t like what’s being done to our society, to our world, then get off the sidelines and get out on the field. Don’t just sit there and complain qui-edy to your friends. Do something!
The fact that not as many people as I would like have responded to this urging is not entirely due to cowardice or laziness. Most Americans are very much constrained by their need to earn a living. Relatively few have complete freedom of action. If they are to join the fight they need specific and practical suggestions about what they can do — and still earn a living. So today I want to make one or two such suggestions.
First, I want to warn everyone as strongly as possible: whatever you do, be certain that it is legal. There is very little in the way of illegal activity that is likely to be productive at this time anyway. Believe me, I understand the frustration, especially in our young men, when we see what’s happening around us and feel an almost irresistible urge to strike back. But for now, let’s stay away from the bombs and machine guns. There’s much else that must be done first. We don’t need those things quite yet. Conditions are not such that we can use those weapons effectively, so let’s just forget about them for the time being. If you want to collect weapons or to practice with weapons, keep your weapons legal. There are plenty of legal things that can be done now that are effective, and very few illegal things. And when we make a decision about what to do, it should be based on considerations of effectiveness, not on how big a splash it’ll make on the evening news.
As I said a moment ago, the biggest constraint on most of our people is their need to earn a living. Anyone who is employed by a company that is determined to stay on the good side of the government and the media is in an especially delicate position.
Even those of our people who are in business for themselves often are dependent on good relations with the public and can be driven into bankruptcy if attacked by the media. The first thing for every person to do is make a realistic evaluation of his situation. If you’re a policeman or an employee of a big insurance company, then there may be a concerted effort to have you fired if you say or do anything Politically Incorrect. You may get the John Rocker treatment by the media.
Of course, you may have the law on your side. You may be able to sue your employer if he tries to fire you. The way the judicial system works in this country, however, that may be a frustrating and disappointing endeavor. It is set up to favor the litigant who has the most money to spend on lawyers, not the litigant who’s in the right. You may want to go ahead and sue anyway, but most people would prefer not to be obliged to take that course.
So, the thing to do is either arrange to have an income that can’t be threatened by the self-appointed guardians of Political Correctness, in which case you can do whatever you want to do, or you can remain under the thumb of the system and act with circumspection. But regardless of which choice you make, the important thing is to act.
I’ve been looking for ways to facilitate the first choice: giving people who want to be activists an opportunity to do so by making it possible for them to support themselves indepen-dendy of the system. Here’s a specific example: I recendy bought a couple of record companies that specialize in what is known as “resistance music.”
That’s music that has a pro-White or pro-European-American message — or an anti-system message. It’s been essentially “underground” music for a long time, composed and performed and distributed by amateurs on a part-time basis. The Jewish media bosses would like to keep it that way, but my aim is to professionalize it and mainstream it. I want to distribute enough of it so that the people who compose it and perform it can become professionals, can actually make a living at it I believe that there’s a huge, untapped market for resistance music. Most Americans have never heard any resistance music. They’ve heard it denounced as “hate music” by the Jewish media, but they’ve not actually heard it performed. I believe that many White Americans will like it when they hear it. If you’d like to hear some of it yourself, go to my web site at resistance.com.
Anyway, if I’m successful in mainstreaming resistance music, it has the potential for becoming a substantial industry employing at least a few thousand people. Ana that’s just one example of what I have in mind. As discontent with the government in America grows, as discontent with uncontrolled immigration and other government policies grows, as discontent with the bias and lies of the controlled media grows, there will be many other opportunities for new industries that are independent of the system. And if these new industries have a policy of employing people who are willing to be activists in the cause of freeing America and preserving the future of White Americans, they can open up possibilities for many other people. And I hardly need to tell you, Im not the only one
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
who can do this sort of thing. In fact, I’ve never thought of myself as a businessman or an entrepreneur. If I can do it, anybody can do it. A lot of you ought to be thinking along these lines. If you believe that you were cut out to be an entrepreneur, then be an entrepreneur for a worthwhile cause, and help free others to do what they ought to do.
That’s one side of the coin. The other side — and at this time it’s the more important side — is what you can do, with circumspection, right where you are. And let me tell you, there’s no one, and I mean, no one, who can’t take some effective action on behalf of our people, no matter how sensitive his position. I don’t care whether you work inside the White House with a Top Secret security clearance, or you’re on the staff of the rottenest politician in the Congress, or even if you’re the token Gentile in some Jewish law firm: if you’re really concerned about your people, about your race, you can take effective action without your family ending up starving on the street. All you really need, in addition to average intelligence and an average amount of initiative, is to have your priorities right — to understand that there is nothing more important than the future of our people, nothing — and to feel a sense of personal responsibility for what is happening to our world, to our civilization, to our race.
Now a few specific suggestions: I believe that the most important thing for responsible people to do is to speak out, to stop being silent. Many of our people are afraid that if they let it be known what they are thinking, their lives will be ruined. In most cases that isn't true. What each of us must do is evaluate his own situation realistically, to think about only the real dangers and not the imaginary dangers, and then to speak out just as strongly as he can in his circumstances. In order to survive it is not necessary, in most cases, to persuade everyone around us that we are Politically Correa. We can say things that are not Politically Correct and still survive. We always should use good judgment, of course, and consider the effea of our words on others. But when we believe that we are right, we must not let ourselves be intimidated into silence. It is our responsibility to push the envelope, to take a chance on saying too much rather than saying too little.
Billy Roper
And taking a chance does not mean talking just to your personal friends who already agree with you. It does not mean raging anonymously in some Internet discussion group. It means standing up and saying to the public: “This is my name. This is what I believe.”
I’ll read you a letter that was published just a few days ago in the Russellville, Arkansas, Courier, the local newspaper there. The writer of the letter, Billy Roper, is a personal friend of mine and a member of my organization, the National Alliance. He also is a high school history teacher in Russellville. He wrote his letter in response to an editorial by the typically liberal editor of the newspaper. The liberal editor had criticized Adanta Braves pitcher John Rocker for expressing his distaste for the “diversity” of New York City. In response Billy Roper wrote:
In his editorial of March 4, the editor writes that John Rocker should read Jewess Emma Lazarus' paean to the colonization of America by the Third World: 'send me your tired, your poor, your wretched refuse' yearning for their first welfare check. In reality the United States was founded by White men for the express purpose of securing the blessings of liberty for themselves ana their offspring, not the offspring of Africa or Asia or Mexico. What Mr. Rocker failed to realize but the editor clearly illustrates is that Whites are not allowed to criticize the new multicultural wonderland of diversity so long as Ms. Lazarus' tribe dominates the mass media and government of this country. Instead, Whites are ordered to be tolerant of the fact that, as President Clinton bragged in his recent State of the Union address, we will be a minority in this country within a generation.
The country is being turned over to those who never could have created it. Is an America which is more like Mexico or Ethiopia a better America? Is an America
where those who created this country have become a minority a worthy destiny? Is John Rocker the only American who is upset by the fact that the United States is becoming just another Third World cesspool?
Not by a long shot. We have enough tired and enough poor and enough wretched refuse already. It's time to tear down Emma Lazarus' sign and put up a fence instead.
Well, that was my friend Billy Roper’s letter, which was printed in the Russellville Courier last month. He could have said a lot more, of course. He could have expressed himself much more strongly. But in view of the very general, mainstream, brainwashed nature of his audience, he chose his words pretty well — well enough, anyway, to provide encouragement to many other White men and women who believe as we do but who have been too timid to speak out. The editor of the Russellville Courier hated him for it, of course, and responded to Billy’s letter with a snide remark. All of the other liberals who read die Courier also hated him for expressing himself as he did. These days a man cannot act honorably and responsibly without being hated for it. Any man who is not hated is a shirker; he’s not doing what he should be doing.
Anyway, the important thing is that my friend Billy Roper expressed himself — he spoke out — and he’s still a high school history teacher, still earning a living. The people who would like to see Billy unemployed, who would like to see him fired from his teaching position, are themselves afraid of exposing their beliefs to the public. What they believe is that anyone who is Politically Incorrect should be cast into the outer darkness, should be shunned, should starve. They are intolerant, narrow-minded, bigoted, vicious, hateful people. And they are cowards. They attack only in gangs. They expose themselves only when they are sure that they will have overwhelming support. And they understand that many ordinary citizens in Arkansas don’t believe that a history teacher should be fired for writing a letter to a newspaper saying the things Billy said in his letter. And they know that Billy is a fighter, that he won’t go quiedy, and so they leave him alone.
What Billy Roper did is what thousands of other high school teachers also can do and should do. It’s
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
what thousands of attorneys and businessmen and factory workers and clerical workers and engineers can and should be doing. And they can do this without destroying their lives or their careers or their families if they use reasonably good judgment. And you know, when you speak out, it doesn’t have to be in the form of a letter to your newspaper. There are thousands of ways of speaking out
The next time you go to a PTA meeting, don’t just sit there with your mouth shut because you’re sure that no one else will agree with you. Speak out, and speak out strongly on the school policies you disagree with, or make suggestions for new policies you believe the school needs. And sure, some Politically Correct lemming will disagree with you and will criticize you for not being Politically Correct yourself. They are bold because they have become accustomed to speaking out without opposition. Put up a little real opposition, and they will run for cover. And don’t be afraid to use your head and to plan your opposition like a military tactician. Get together with four or five other people who share your views and have them go to the meeting with you. Plan what each of you will say. Provide the liberals with some organized and determined opposition. It’ll be a new experience for them.
If you’re a litde shy about speaking in public, just get a small group of people together and have them listen to one of these American Dissident Voices broadcasts in your living room. That’s a very effective way of helping to spread the word. There are millions of our people in America who agree with us — or who are ready to agree, if we help them organize their thoughts. They share our feelings, share our disgust and our horror at what is being done to our world, but they just haven’t thought it all out and reached any conclusions about what they should do. They haven’t put it all together yet Their biggest obstacle is that they believe they’re all alone. They’ve been so intimidated and beaten down by the controlled media that they are sure no one else shares their feelings. So they try to suppress their feelings and just blend in. They need to be told that they’re not alone.
There’s a storm getting ready to break loose in America. America’s internal enemies have managed to
FREE SPEECH for May 2000
keep the lid on this storm for a long time. They have managed to keep the millions of people who don’t agree with them or who are agreeing with them now only because they are confused and misled — they have managed to keep these millions of White Americans silent and disorganized and demoralized only because they control the mass media. They have managed to maintain an illusion of unanimous agreement with their policies through their media control. But the illusion is wearing thin. The Jews are flooding America with non-White immigrants from Mexico and the Caribbean and Asia and trying to maintain the illusion that most White Americans agree with this policy, that it would be un-Christian or racist to disagree.
Actually, they’re doing a pretty good job of maintaining that illusion. They are succeeding in keeping most White Americans quiet about the immigration disaster, afraid to complain about it. They use their control of television effectively. But that doesn’t mean that most White Americans are happy about the destruction of their country just because they’re staying quiet. And it’s not just the flood of immigrants that has White Americans seething quiedy. The Jews and their allies have been bragging about how their media propaganda has gotten more Americans to accept racial intermarriage, and how the rate of miscegenation has climbed dramatically as a result. That’s true enough. But for every couch potato who has let himself be persuaded that it’s all right for his grandchildren to be mulattos, there is a White American who is angry enough to do some serious killing of the people putting out that poisonous propaganda.
And that’s not all, by any means. The storm is brewing. The pressure is building. The Jews and the politicians may believe that they can keep the lid on. They may believe that by getting laws in the United States like they already have in Canada and Britain and many other countries, making it illegal to write or say anything Politically Incorrect — that is, anything that they can label as “hate speech” — they can delay the storm until it is too late
15
for us to save ourselves. They may be right, but I don’t think so. I think that storm will come soon enough to allow our people to redeem ourselves.
I also think that when it comes it will be violent enough to blow every last member of their tribe to hell — and also everyone who has collaborated with them. At least, I hope so.
But you know we mustn’t base our future on hope alone. We must act as well. We must do whatever we can to keep the pressure building. That’s why it’s important for all of us to speak out. We don’t want just a blind, undirected storm. We want a purposeful storm. We must help our people understand what is being done to them and who is doing it and why. And we must give them a target for their rage. Above all, we must give them courage and hope now: hope that it is possible after all for our people to survive and the courage to do whatever is necessary to make that possibility become reality.
And it’s not really so difficult for us to do that All that we really have to do is speak out, to let others know that they are not alone and then to help them straighten out their thoughts. We need to show them just a little bit of courage, to let them know that they too can speak out without being punished for it. We need more people to write forceful but intelligent letters to their local newspapers, more people to bring their friends and neighbors and colleagues into their living rooms to listen to one of these broadcasts. And gradually the understanding will dawn in the minds of that portion of our people that is still healthy, that portion which still is uncorrupted, that we are stronger than all of our enemies. And then the storm — the great, cleansing storm — will break loose.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Storm, Break Loose!,” aired on April 8, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
How to Subscribe to Free Speech:
Send $40.00, clearly write your name and address, and include a note that says “I want to subscribe to Free Speech” to the address at the bottom of this page.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year