June 2003
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America's only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the F irst Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Our Jewish Keepers
Kevin Alfred Strom
White Identity
Kevin Alfred Strom
First Things First
Kevin Alfred Strom
The Giuliani Syndrome
Kevin Alfred Strom
Et Cetera
Hadding Scott, Editor
Our Jewish Keepers
Did you ever wonder why America is declining in popularity around the world, and especially in Europe?
Perhaps it might have something to do with America's increasingly common image as a puppet-state of International Jewry. Perhaps it might also have something to do with growing European resentment toward being bossed around by U.S. Congressmen who are first and foremost lackeys of the Jewish power structure. Yes, that's right — United States Congressmen are spending more and more of their time instructing European nations about what steps they should take to control the growing awareness of destructive Jewish behaviors throughout Europe. Not only has entrance into NATO for
some nations been predicated upon approval by the American Jewish Committee, but there exists a little-known official U.S. Government
agency called "The Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe", also known as "The Helsinki Commission," which consists of nine members from the United States Senate, nine members from the House of Representatives, and one member each from the Departments of State, Defense and Commerce. A professional staff assists the Commissioners in their work — and a glance at their website at http://www.csce.gov will readily confirm that their work has recently focused on squelching justifiable criticism of Jewish involvement in the national and international affairs of European nations — or what they refer to as "combating anti-Semitism." Our American tax dollars
2
are not only being spent to support an illegitimate Jewish theocracy (Israel), but we are also funding American intervention in European affairs on behalf of International Jewry.
Led by Congressman Christopher Smith of New Jersey, "our" congress is working feverishly to coerce European leaders to further suppress any criticism of Jewish activities, no matter how mild that criticism may be. In the April 30, 2003 edition of the Congressional Record you will find examples of Smith's shameless application of political pressure on sovereign European nations. From (United States of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 108th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION Vol. 149 Washington, Wednesday, April 30, 2003], we read Smith's own words as he says
"The U.S. Helsinki Commission, which I co-chair, has worked with the Museum on several occasions, from pushing for the release of documents from the Romani concentration camp in Lety, Czech Republic, to urging Romania to give greater meaning to its stated commitment of rejecting anti-Semitism by removing Antonescu statues from public lands. In response to the alarming spike of anti-Semitic incidents found last summer in Europe, myself and other Members of the Commission have been very active in urging governments and elected officials to denounce the violence and ensure their laws are enabled to prosecute the perpetrators. In support of this effort,
I have introduced H. Con. Res. 49, urging, among other things, European states to ’promote the creation of educational efforts throughout the region encompassing the participating States of the OSCE to counter anti-Semitic stereotypes and attitudes among younger people, increase Holocaust awareness programs, and help identify the necessary resources to accomplish this goal.' It is my hope that other
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
countries will copy the unique and effective model of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.''
Smith is not alone in his demands. Congressman Joseph Crowley of New York wants to suppress any critical discussion of Jewish behavior: [ Ibid., SUBMITTED REMARKS OF HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY, MEMBER, U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES]
"Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to address this distinguished forum. I am greatly concerned by the rise of anti-Semitism throughout the OSCE region....In the 21st century, countries in Europe, the Caucasus, and Central Asia should not witness attacks against Jews... Nor should these countries tolerate the hatred spewed by skinheads and other radical groups throughout the region. Such hatred has brought catastrophe to the region in our lifetimes already, and we must ensure that the fields of Europe and Asia are not sown with the seeds of intolerance ever again. It is the responsibility of the OSCE governments to set a zero tolerance policy for anti-Semitic speech and acts. In their OSCE commitments, all governments pledged to condemn anti-Semitism unequivocally and take effective measures to... prosecute those who commit such hate crimes..."
The OSCE site also features the speech of one Juliane Danker-Wetze, who bewails the fact that some European thinkers are starting to connect the dots and find that they form a Star of David: "Jews are imagined to be a national and international influential group who allegedly exert a bad influence on or even steer politics, the economy and the media, which is a way of expressing the old anti-Semitic prejudice of hidden Jewish power."
[http://tinyurl.com/cuam ]
And the so-called Helsinki Commission, which was founded in 1976 supposedly to further human rights under Soviet Communism, recently heard from one of the main opponents of the right
of free speech, none other than the Jewish
ADL. [ http://www.ncsj.org/AuxPages/
121102JTA.shtml ] Though they sugar-coat the language, what the ADL is really "pushing" (their word) the supine Congressmen to do is to make criticism of our ’superhuman' self-chosen masters illegal. The Jewish Telegraphic Agency informs us:
"Jewish leaders are pushing the White House and Congress to take a firmer stance against European anti-Semitism. A group of German and American lawmakers heard Tuesday from Jewish leaders who expressed concern about the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe. The Jewish leaders also suggested ways to combat anti-Semitism in states that participate in the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. 'Many European Jews today feel more vulnerable, disillusioned and frightened than at any time since the Holocaust,' said Ambassador Alfred Moses, past president of the American Jewish Committee and a former U.S. ambassador to Romania. ’I know from my personal experience that anti-Semitism is never far below the surface in Central and Eastern Europe.' The Anti-Defamation League presented a series of recommendations on combating the problem, including urging political leaders to speak out against bigotry, strengthening administrative, legal and monitoring instruments and using educational initiatives. ’While the last century witnessed the most heinous results of bigotry unchecked, fortunately we also have witnessed in our lifetime powerful examples of how strong U.S. and German leadership have brought about dramatic change,' said Kenneth Jacobson, ADL's associate national director. America and Germany, each having learned painful lessons from their respective past experiences with the danger of bigotry, are uniquely positioned to lead the OSCE' ...The visit to Washington by members of the German Bundestag was a follow-up to a July session in Berlin on anti-Semitism. Moses noted that incidents of anti-Semitism have risen inEurope because
of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Israel's ties to the United States and the momentum that right-wing groups have been gaining in some European countries. U.S. and German lawmakers signed a letter of intent to strengthen their work against anti-Semitism, use educational initiatives and urge other parliaments to follow their lead."
As Robert Faurisson once said at a meeting in Washington, D.C., "By 'human rights' is usually meant 'Jewish rights'," which follows the notion, enshrined in the Jewish ’holy book,' the Talmud, that only Jews are human and that non-Jews are equivalent to beasts. And isn't that what the Helsinki Commission is currently all about? — keeping the European cattle from getting too uppity and questioning their keepers and questioning why they are kept in economic and political pens? The Helsinki Commission isn't the only group under the thumb of organized Jews, manipulating governments behind the scenes. A secretive group with the Orwellian-sounding name of the ’Office of Special Plans' also deserves our attention.
The ’Office of Special Plans' is nominally within the Pentagon and is headed by a Jew named Abram Shulsky. It is of very recent incarnation, having been created by several Jewish handlers of George Bush with the explicit purpose of expanding the U.S.-led war for Israel in the Mideast.
The Jews who came to power under Bush, or rather over Bush, saw 9/11 as an almost heaven-sent opportunity to get the despised Americans crying tears for their dead countrymen (the deaths of whom the Israeli Mossad, who had been following Mohammed Atta for months, probably condoned to create that very opportunity), and to get the same stupid American goyim fired up for having themselves and Moslem goyim slaughtered in the Middle East for Holy Israel's sake. Afghanistan was their first and easy target, but Iraq was a harder nut to crack.
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
The neoconservative Jews' thirst for Iraqi blood began years before 9-11, of course, as did their determination to find a justification for spilling it. As early as March 2001, Richard Perle, then Bush's new chairman of the Defense Policy Board, made the claim that Iraq almost certainly had nuclear weapons. [ http://tinyurl.com/cukp ] In one of the most bizarre cases of Jewish triplespeak I have ever heard, Perle actually argued before Congress that Saddam had to have these weapons specifically because our intelligence indicated that he did not: "Does Saddam now have weapons of mass destruction? Sure he does. How far he's gone on the nuclear-weapon side I don't think we really know. My guess is it's further than we think. It's always further than we think, because we limit ourselves, as we think about this, to what we're able to prove and demonstrate." Now, limiting yourself to what you can prove and demonstrate is certainly dangerous. At least it is dangerous to Jews, as with their fantastic tales of World War II persecution that are as profitable as they are fictitious. Instead of limiting ourselves to facts, far better for us to believe whatever tales the Jews want us to believe and launch another world war. Now that's safe!
The Jews wanted to destroy Iraq because Iraq's secular Arab government was a bulwark against Israeli expansionism and aggression in the region. But that reason wasn't enough to convince the American people. Since the hated-by-Jews Americans were still somewhat exercised over the deaths of Americans on 9-11, the Jews decided that a case had to be made that Iraq was somehow involved in international terrorism and possessed so-called Weapons of Mass Destruction which could, conceivably, threaten Americans.
The problem was that there was no evidence for this claim.
Neither the Central Intelligence Agency nor the Defense Intelligence Agency could discover any credible evidence
3
showing that Iraq supported al-Qaeda — in fact, the opposite was true. And the CIA and the DIA also could find no evidence whatever that Iraq possessed any of the dreaded ’Weapons of Mass Destruction' that could threaten America. Bush's Jewish handlers found this situation intolerable. They wanted their war and they were going to get their war, by hook or by crook.
In the same way that they ’know' that ’God is the Jewish people' they also ’knew' that Saddam must have nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons capable of harming or at least frightening Americans. It would serve their purposes if that were true, so it must be true. The trouble was that the Cl A and the DIA weren't buying it. The facts that their extensive intelligence networks turned up all indicated the opposite.
The frustration of Bush's Jewish handlers was profound. What to do? Create their own intelligence-agency-lite. And so the Office of Special Plans was born. The small group of influential Jews who run this secretive outfit even call it — in typically Jewish mockery of those who expose Jewish conspiracy — "the Cabal." [ http://tinyurl.com/b26r ]
Starting with just two staff people and never having more than five (compared to the CIA and DIA with their thousands of agents and analysts worldwide) and led by the Jew Abram Shulsky, the Office of Special Plans was designed at the outset to feed Rumsfeld and Bush, via Wolfowitz and Feith, a series of lies which would cause them to question the intelligence agencies' reports.
Jewish writer Robert Dreyfuss describes the procedure:
"Rumsfeld noted that a primary purpose of the unit was to provide him with ammunition that he could use to harass the CIA staffer who briefs him every morning. ’In comes the briefer, and she walks through the daily brief and I ask questions,' said Rumsfeld.
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
'What I could do Is say, Gee, what about this? Or what about that? Has somebody thought of this?’ Using powerful computers and having access to reams of intelligence factoids, Feith's team could create a steady stream of data bits that Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz and Feith himself could use to pick apart the CI A's conclusions, sending the CIA's collectors and analysts back to rewrite their reports." And, of course, preventing the real intelligence reports from being believed and from giving the President any second thoughts about obeying any of the orders of the neoconservative Jews who surround him.
W. Patrick Lang, former chief of Middle East intelligence at the D.I.A., admitted that this group has pulled a real coup and has "...banded together to dominate the government's foreign policy, and they've pulled it off. They're running Chalabi. The D.I.A. has been intimidated and beaten to a pulp. And there's no guts at all in the C.I.A.."
Jewish writer Seymour Hersh, writing in The New Yorker, quotes an unnamed Pentagon advisor who worked with the Office of Special Plans as crowing about Wolfowitz, Shulsky, and their coup: "I'd love to be the historian who writes the story of how this small group of eight or nine people made the case and won/' defeating the combined might of the CIA and DIA.
Shulsky has had a long relationship with the Jewish power structure, and is described as the intellectual heir of Jewish philosopher Leo Strauss of the University of Chicago, a person who, for some unknown reason, decided to flee Europe in 1937. Shulsky and Wolfowitz both received their doctorates under Strauss in 1972. It is most revealing, I think, to consider Wolfowitz and Shulsky as students of Strauss when one of Strauss's major themes as a philosopher, according to Stephen Holmes, a law professor at New York University, was that "philosophers need to tell noble lies not
only to the people at large but also to powerful politicians." I'll say that again — a guiding principle of this small Jewish cabal that even calls itself "the Cabal" that tells our government what to do is that "philosophers need to tell noble lies not only to the people at large but also to powerful politicians." "Noble lies," of course, are lies which advance the interests of the Jews.
Vincent Cannistraro, the former head of anti-terrorism operations and analysis at the C.I.A., stated of this Jewish group: "...they all work together. This has been going on since the nineteen-eighties, but they've never been able to coalesce as they have now. September 11th gave them the opportunity, and now they're in heaven. They believe the intelligence is there. They want to believe it. It has to be there."
The Office of Special Plans also had a very cozy relationship with the criminal and con-man Ahmed Chalabi of the so-called Iraqi National Congress, who is very eager to become the Jews' front man in Iraq, and who "cooperated" by making up stories which could then be attributed to "Iraqi defectors" when recited for the President. Experienced intelligence analysts dismiss the tales told by Chalabi as totally worthless fictions. [ http://www.prospect.org/print/ V13/22/dreyfuss-r.html ] Columnist Harold Meyerson calls what the Office of Special Plans did "faith-based intelligence." I call it Shilling for Sharon. The short name of course, is simply lying And these liars not only influenced our not-so-bright leaders, but fed their false stories to the mainly Jewish-controlled media who used them to influence the public to support the Jews' new war.
The Jews' plan worked quite well. They got the ear of the President, his superstitious heart, and his easily-befuddled brain. They got their war. But it was all based on lies. It has been many weeks since the fall of Iraq, and no evidence of Iraqi "Weapons of Mass Destruction" have been found. Even
Task Force 75, the armed services tea specifically created to root out Saddanv supposedly hidden and supposedly illegal arsenal has found nothing and k actually closing up shop.
The Office of Special Plans is nothing but an odious Jewish lie factory.
It is this Jewish lie factory that will soon attempt to start another war, this time for ’regime change' in Iran, [http:/ /tinyurl.com/cusy ] They're already gearing up for a battle with diplomats in the State Department who oppose the Iranian step in the Jews' world war. They're already arranging meetings between a pretender to the Iranian throne and Ariel Sharon. William Kristol's Weekly Standard is already banging the war drums against Iran, and another Jew, Michael Rubin, is already concentrating on Iran from within Shulsky's Office of Special Plans. We told you months ago on American Dissident Voices that this was going to happen, and the Office of Special Plans is making our prediction come true.
It is from this Jewish lie factory that came the tales that Colin Powell told the UN about Iraq's purchase of nuclear material from Nigeria. It is from this Jewish lie factory that the story of a "ring" of chemical weapons around Baghdad originated. It is from this Jewish lie factory that came the ’revelation' that al-Qaeda and Saddam were allies. It is this Jewish lie factory that killed innocent children and blew off their heads and arms and legs. It is this Jewish lie factory that killed your son and maimed your daughter.
Their intelligence was worthless. Their lies were priceless. You're being killed because you believe in the emperor's new clothes. The purpose of this program is to stop you from believing in lies; to help you understand how you are being ruled; to help you see reality; to save your family, your country, and your life.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program "Our Jewish Keepers," which aired on 31 May 2003
Protect Arizona Now
Hadding Scott
During recent decades, all over America we have seen the presence of Mexicans, largely illegal immigrants, increase at an ever accelerating pace, and public irritation with this fact has likewise grown, with the result that the Federal Government has taken some token measures to create an appearance that it is trying to halt the invasion. One of these token measures has been "Operation Gatekeeper," which began in 1994 and involves a steel fence between San Diego and Tijuana, which has only had the effect of dispersing and diverting the flood farther east, largely to Arizona, where more than two million Mexicans per year are now crossing, according to some estimates.
The concentrated flow of illegal aliens has generated a powerful backlash in Arizona, where people have begun trying to do the job that the government was supposed to do. The most famous example is the rancher Roger Barnett, who, with his brothers, began making citizens' arrests of illegal aliens crossing their 22,000 acre ranch on the way to a nearby highway. In 1999 Barnett stated to the House Judiciary Committee: "We're just ranchers trying to protect our property, livestock, water, and employees the only way we know how since the Border Patrol doesn't have the resources to do the job." More recently Glenn Spencer and residents of that border region have formed an organization called the American Border Patrol, which has set up a surveillance network on private property along the border, employing motion sensors, infrared tracking devices, global positioning systems, night vision goggles, and radar. The American Border Patrol's Web site, www.americanpatrol.com, occasionally provides real-time coverage of illegal border crossings, including video
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
and gps coordinates. The main thrust of the American Border Patrol's effort is to aid the undermanned, underfunded, and poorly trained U.S. Border Patrol to do its job.
Recently a reporter for a Spanish-language newspaper in Phoenix telephoned the National Alliance offices asking for comment on a movement in Arizona called Protect Arizona Now. She gave the website, www.pan2004.com, and specifically wanted to know what connection there was, if any, between P.A.N. and a distribution of National Alliance leaflets in Arizona. It had been alleged that P.A.N.'s message would generate hostility toward Hispanics, as if the everyday effects of the growing Hispanic presence were not acconplishing that. Evidently the reporter wanted to know if somehow our leaflets could be attributed to Protect Arizona Now's influence.
Protect Arizona Now turned out to be an organization promoting The Arizona Taxpayer and Citizen Protection Act, Initiative Petition# 1-03-2004. The initiative seems to be focused primarily on voter-fraud, but other problems associated with illegal aliens, which the initiative proposes to address, are the drain on social services, increased litter and environmental problems, "animal welfare problems," and "the destruction of our language and culture." The organization complains of a breakdown of law and order, most obviously through the activities of the illegal aliens, but above all on the part of the government, which not only allows their presence to the point that "hiring halls for illegal aliens" can exist, but even facilitates their presence with social services.
After an internet search I found that La Voz' own reports, just those published on 25 July 2003, essentially validated the complaints of P.A.N., except that the evidence damned not just illegal immigrants but the so-called Hispanics in general. For example, Arizona's director of the Department of Juvenile Corrections, Esteban Veloz, was cited to the effect that it was alarming that every
5
year the number of Latin minors in the prisons of Arizona was increasing. Veloz was quoted as as saying that 53% of the inmates of juvenile correctional institutions were "Latinos." This was reported in connection with an upcoming conference in Phoenix, to be attended by Governor Janet Napolitano and other luminaries from several southwestern states that have more Mexicans than they can stomach. Allegedly the purpose of the conference is to formulate policies to deal with the Hispanic crime rate, but even the obvious palliative measure of controlling the border and deporting illegals is not likely to get much consideration.
Protect Arizona Now is a typically Conservative proposal, seeking to slow or halt the process of decay without addressing the root of the problem, and without any mention of reversing the damage that has been done. The proposal does not even talk about race, although the disproportionate criminality of Hispanics-not only of illegal immigrants--is a matter of public record. What it does say, is this: "Our local, state, and federal officials steadfastly refuse to enforce our immigration laws to the point that America is now overrun with ILLEGAL immigrants."
That sentence really contains two complaints. There is the complaint about the immigrants themselves, but also the more fundamental complaint about the corrupt system that facilitates the trouble. Furthermore, the proposal is couched in complaints that suggest desperation and an awareness that what is being proposed is not in any way adequate to the problem.
These insights must gradually radicalize the supporters of Protect Arizona Now rendering them more receptive our worldview.
The National Alliance does not take its cue or derive its message from Conservative groups advocating measures that they already know to be inadequate. Rather it will be the National Alliance that will shine as a beacon for these still half-timid people, drawing them closer to truth and light and courage.
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
6
White Identity
If we are going to survive, that means that we have to decide who "we" are. That's so basic, so obvious, so essential that it's amazing how few people give much thought to it.
The Blacks have very little trouble deciding who they are. They know at a glance. Anyone of largely sub-Saharan African ancestry, who has the requisite dark complexion, kinky hair, and broad nose and thick lips qualifies. They don't much care whether the individual in question believes in Catholicism, Pentecostalism, the AME Church, or is a follower of Louis Farrakhan or an indigenous African religion. They don't much care if the person is a Marxist or a free-market entrepreneur. As much as individual Blacks may care about such things, race trumps all. What they really care about is the fact that the person in question is Black. It's a question of racial survival. Race has to trump all. It is of the essence.
Similarly, the Nation of Aztlan folks are deeply concerned for their race's survival. They know who they are and where they came from. They value their racial characteristics and demand that they have a future. They demand territory—exclusive territory—so their race can have food and living space and self-government. They don't, to my knowledge, define themselves through religion. So therefore the differences between the Catholic and indigenous religions practiced by members of their race do not fracture their racial unity, nor does religious conversion serve to pollute their gene pool. They may differ on economics and on the ideal social structure they'd like to see in the new nation they intend to carve out of the United States. But they all agree that they need to carve out that nation — and they all agree that that nation will belong
Kevin Alfred Strom
to their race and their race alone. That's essential. Everything else is debatable. Racial identity is paramount. They are a race which intends to survive.
Similarly, East Asian peoples have a very strong sense of peoplehood. Their communities at home, and in the countries they colonize overseas like the United States and Canada, are close to being racially pure. They maintain their racial integrity, and there is a vanishingly small percentage of non-Asian immigration to their homelands. They know who they are. With almost no exceptions, they define themselves in terms of ancestry — reverence for one's ancestors is a powerful tradition among Asians — and the genetic integrity of their nations is secure.
But ask a few White Americans or Europeans to define their people — to define who "we" are — and you will get such a mass of contradictory answers that you'll quickly give up on getting any consistent answer to your question. You'll probably get more rational answers from other races if you ask them to define who "we" are. They have long and quite rationally regarded the White West as a racial and cultural unity.
Part of White confusion about who we are is no doubt due to the omnipresent propaganda of the Jewish-controlled media and educational establishments, which says that "race does not exist," that racial mixing is desirable, and that White identity is the sine qua non of all evil in the world. This propaganda undoubtedly does real damage to White psyches, and to innocent young White souls. And the promoters of such propaganda deserve whatever measures it takes to stop their hateful lies. But their
propaganda does not fully explain the confusion of Whites about their racial identity.
Part of the confusion about our identity is religious in nature.
In the dying days of the majestic Classical civilization created by our race, the indigenous religion of that civilization was defeated, destroyed, and supplanted by Christianity, which had originally sprung from Jewish roots, and then spread among the slave population to the increasingly cosmopolitan and proletarian citizenry. In a few centuries, Christianity became the state religion of Rome. When healthier White tribes from the north invaded and eventually occupied Rome, many were undoubtedly awed by the culture, technology, architecture, and monumental art of the defeated Empire. They mistakenly associated these great achievements of our race with the recently-adopted religion of Christianity, and naturally the Pontifex Maximus, or chief Christian priest or Pope of Rome, anxious to preserve the wealth and power of his institution, did not disabuse them of this misconception. Thus many Whites, overawed by the remnants of Rome's grandeur and greatness, were converted to a belief in what they thought was the god of Rome.
In addition to these sincere conversions, there were other sincere conversions based on a true belief in the Westernized Christian doctrines eventually preached all over Europe; or on the qualities the Christians' Bible, which, unlike the more poetic and fanciful Classical or related Nordic myths, claimed to be an accurate historical record of events that actually happened in the real world. And it is cogjflQpnplace knowledge that many
conversions were made by the sword, and that thousands were killed who would not submit.
Thus it was that Christianity achieved what no other religion had done before. It brought all Europe and almost all of our race under one religion — a remarkable achievement, which had many benefits, not the least of which was a realization of cultural unity and a doctrinal basis to unite all White tribes against common racial enemies, who naturally also had alien religions. It was under the banner of Christianity that Charles Martel defeated the Moslems at Tours and that the Moors were finally expelled from Europe by the troops of Ferdinand and Isabella.
With geographic Europe, and racial Europe, almost universally Christian, Europe became Christendom. And, for all practical purposes, the White race thought of itself as Christendom. And, although in a diminished sense, many of us still think that way today. Even in White nationalist circles, where our sense of racial identity must be strongest if we are to lead our people to freedom and security, we find such thinking is very common.
Even Lawrence Brown, author of the thought-provoking work The Might of the West, defined "us" as the descendants of those who were Catholic in 1492, with some additions, also Christian.
It's hard not to be emotionally moved by the racially healthy aspects of Christian ritual and culture: the all-White children's choir singing Mozart's Introitus Requiem or the intensely spiritual works of Bach or Handel; the magnificent Gothic cathedral or the white country church at the foot of the mountain; the upright moral folk who peopled the vastness of the American plains and made the greatest Republic in history. I am moved by these things myself.
But these things are in their essence more White than they are Christian. Without the White race, they could never have existed, even if Christianity
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
had taken root among other races. The source of Mozart's music and the vast Gothic temples was not in doctrine, not in scripture, but in the genes. That is one reason we must define ourselves in racial terms — in genetic terms — or we and everything we built and everything we love will die.
That is why White Christians must put race first, above even their beloved religion. They must agree with other White nationalists that what we are is White, what we are is the European race, what we are is defined in biological terms and that what we are fighting for is the survival of that racial heritage and the culture that our race created and that it alone can sustain and move forward to its destiny. Race comes first. Race is how we must define ourselves. Whites of other religions are still "us." Non-Whites, even if they share our religious beliefs, can never be "us." Any other approach is suicide.
Defining ourselves in broad religious terms only means that either 1) Koreans and Jews, et cetera, who convert to our religion are "us" too or 2) that most Mexicans, for example, are "us" now.
That's giving up the game, lying down, and accepting racial death. If a few part-Whites survive someday who practice Christianity, that's defeat. Not victory.
Our race not only existed before Christianity existed — making it impossible for that to be our defining characteristic — but we existed before any known religion came into being.
Before Darwin and Mendel and Crick and Watson, we may not have known our distant history or the physical mechanism behind our identity as Whites. Before the rise of Jewish power in the 20th century, we may not have seen clearly that the Jews are a profoundly alien intrusion into our nations.
But the United States Congress in 1790 did make being "a free White person" a requirement for becoming a citizen of the United States, a legal
7
requirement which remained in force for 162 years. They saw what was essential, and acted on it. They had an implicit White racial consciousness that was made explicit in the laws of the land.
Unfortunately, they had no conception of the non-White nature of the Jew, and that was the one flaw that allowed the mass immigration of Jews in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. And that alien (and racially conscious of its alienness) group proceeded to use all of its cleverness and all of its wealth to destroy the nascent racial consciousness of Whites and to erase the laws of our forefathers which protected our race from non-White immigration and intermarriage. Some have argued that identifying ourselves as Christians might have prevented the mistake of considering Jews to be White and so allowing them free access to our society, but I do not agree with that position. As in Spain 500 years ago, Jews could just have themselves sprinkled with 'holy water' and claim to believe in the right doctrine, and the religious barrier could be easily overcome. And furthermore, the Jewish connection to Christianity has most often worked in the Jews' favor, making religious and secular Christian leaders alike view them with misplaced sympathy.
The exalted beauty (dare I say Whiteness?) of the religious services I talked about, or the lovely and moving Easter service at a New England church a respected lady told me about in a recent letter, could never have been completely captured by non-Whites, no matter what their creed. One thinks of Black churches and their very different, if no less sincere, ambience and spirituality.
But I sincerely believe that a similar religious feeling (dare I say spirit?), perhaps even purer, _was_ present in ancient Hellas when choirs sang forth in praise of Eos — or when Pan or
g
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
Freya were invoked in the forest temples of our other old homelands.
I do not advocate a return to the old religions — far from it. But the key to our spirituality — the key to what we are — is within ourselves, and is therefore within our genes. It is not found in any specific creed, particularly not within a creed we inherited from other peoples, or one that can be adopted by anybody.
America's founders had a sense of a White identity which transcended religion. That's why they defined citizenship in racial terms in the Naturalization Act of 1790. That's why even those who opposed Black slavery — like Francis Scott Key — were supportive of the American Colonization Society which proposed to repatriate the freed Blacks to Africa. That's why Thomas Jefferson supported racial separation on a continental scale. Jefferson pointed out the great difference between slavery in America, where the slaves were
Black, and slavery in ancient Rome, where the slaves were White: "Among the Romans, emancipation required but one effort. The slave when made free might mix with, without staining the blood of his master. But with us a second effort is necessary, unknown to history. When freed he is to be removed beyond the reach of mixture."
That sense of White racial identity was even promoted and advocated by no less than the President of the United States (Theodore Roosevelt) as late as the early years of the 20th century. He stated:
Nineteenth-century democracy needs no more complete vindication for its existence than the fact that it has kept for the white race the best portions of the new worlds' surface, temperate America and Australia.
Had these regions been under aristocratic governments, Chinese immigration would have been encouraged precisely as the slave trade is encouraged of necessity by any slave-holding
oligarchy, and the result would jn a f generations have been even more fatal to ti! white race; but the democracy, with the clear instinct of race selfishness, saw the race foe and kept out the dangerous alien.
The presence of the negro in our Southern States is a legacy from the time when we were ruled by a transoceanic aristocracy. The whole civilization of the future owes a debt of gratitude greater than can be expressed in words to that democratic policy which has kept the temperate zones of the new and the newest worlds a heritage for the white people. — Memorial Edition of the Works of Theodore Roosevelt, XIV, 245, 246.
If there is one question upon which the philanthropists of the present day, especially the more emotional ones, are agreed, it is that any law restricting Chinese immigration is an outrage, yet it seems incredible that any man of even moderate intelligence should not see that no greater calamity could now befall the United States than to have the Pacific slope filled up with a Mongolian population. — Memorial Edition of the Works of Theodore Roosevelt, VIII, 118
NationalCI^Vanguard
Towivd i New CcHiKtomficw; j New Order * New People#
I n the current Nationa I Vanguard:
Free Chester Doles: An innocent man becomes a political prisoner; an editorial by Kevin Alfred Strom.
Inside the 'Axis of Evil', A White Nationalist Visits Iran:
It began with a chal lenge — and ended with profound racial and historical lessons; Eric Richardson takes us inside the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Forum: Readers write on race and religion; controversy among racialists in Britain; candid Jews; recruiting White leftists.... News From the Homelands: Mark Cotterill brings us news and racial politics from Europe, including reports from Britain, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Ireland, Russia, Flanders, Denmark, France, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, Croatia, and the Czech Republic. Situation Terminal, But Not Serious: Bob Whitaker writes "Can You Hate Your Race and Love Your Country?"; "The Curse of Union*....
Postscripts by Revilo Oliver: “Homosexuality as a Weapon"* and "Precious Cargo?"
Eye on the Media: Victor Wolzek brings us pieces on media and the ’profit motive'
And morel
Subscription Single Issue
U.S.A.	$18.00.......................$5.00
Canada	$26.00.......................$5.00
E Isewhere	$36.00..............  ••••>..$8.00
Price of subscription includes postage.
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
9
On the Texas war for independence from Mexico, Theodore Roosevelt said:
Whatever might be the pretexts alleged for revolt, the real reasons
were to be found in the deeply marked difference of race, and in the absolute unfitness of the Mexicans then to govern themselves, to say nothing of governing others. — Memorial Edition of the Works of Theodore Roosevelt, VIII,131
Theodore Roosevelt's virtue in having a strong racial consciousness was something he shared with America's founding fathers of the late 18th century. In a way he was a continuation of their legacy. He also embodied some of their flaws, such as a naive belief that representative government, miscalled "democracy" by TR, could cure all ills and somehow ensure wisdom. Another flaw — a fatal flaw — possessed by both Teddy Roosevelt and the founders was the foolish belief that the Jews were, in essence, the
same people as European Whites and differed only or mainly in their religion. In fact, Teddy Roosevelt once ridiculed an anti-Jewish preacher who came to New York when TR was police commissioner there. The Jews were, then as now, anxious to shut the preacher up and close down his speaking engagements. This Roosevelt refused to do, but he did employ a group of Jewish policemen to protect the clergyman.
The nine decades from the time of Theodore Roosevelt to the present have educated all of us on the utter folly of regarding the Jew as just a odd kind of White man with a peculiar religion vaguely related to our own. The Jew's open and aggressive promotion of everything which destroys our race, from non-White immigration to miscegenation to homosexuality have shown us that the Jewish survival strategy is one of destroying the racial integrity and consciousness of their host people.
Whites must become racially conscious, and racially conscious Whites must never make the mistake of accepting Jews as White again.
We must regain a sense of racial consciousness, which is the heritage of the old America and the founders, and we must refine it with the lessons we have learned in the last century. We desperately need to regain that sense of identity again. It must not be based on beliefs, which can change in a moment or a decade and which allow the alien to claim to be one of us. It must be based not on what we believe, as important as that may be. It must be based on what we actually are. Only then can what we are — our defining essence and the source of all that we create and love, and all that our descendants will create in love in the future — survive and achieve its destiny.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program "White Identity," which aired on 7 June 2003.
Savitri Devi’s
THE LIGHTNING AND THE SUN
is a philosophical work about the historical inevitability of cultural decay and rebirth, written by one of Adolf Hitler’s most devoted admirers.
Savitri Devi couches her arguments in metaphor, using “lightning” to refer to forces of destruction and “sun” to refer to building in accordance with nature’s eternal laws. Both are necessary, says Devi, since to build the pure and new one must first sweep away the rotting debris of the corrupt old order. Violence, per se, has no moral assignment; it’s either worth its while or not, depending on its purpose. For illustration, the author examines in detail the lives of three figures from history: Akhnaton, Genghis Khan, and Adolf Hitler. She argues that we are at the end of a cycle of history in which corruption and lies prevail over honor and truth, and that the time is ripe for the storm of violence that will precede the next golden age. The new 200-page, softcover edition is available for $12.95 +$3 postage & handling for orders to U.S. destinations, +$5 p&h for orders to the rest of the world, as item 976 from National Vanguard Books, PO Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA
Add 6% sales tax in West Virginia	_
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
The Two Faces of
Theodore Roosevelt
Hadding Scott
Franklin Delano Roosevelt is rightly reviled as one of the most damaging politicians in the history of the United States. He had brought so many Jews into the Executive Branch that Ezra Pound could speak of "Roosevelt and his Jews or the Jews and their Roosevelt." It has also been speculated often that perhaps Franklin Roosevelt himself was a Jew or part-Jew; the main evidence being the name Roosevelt itself, which is merely a Dutch form of the typically Jewish name Rosenfeld. What is known for certain is that Franklin Roosevelt served Jewish interests shamelessly, to a degree perhaps unprecedented among ostensibly non-Jewish politicians.
It is perplexing, however, to consider Franklin Roosevelt's nefarious career in comparison to the image that we have of his Rough Rider, Bull Moose cousin Theodore.While Franklin Roosevelt was an operative of the enemies of our race, Theodore Roosevelt, as the world was informed, was a champion of Anglo-Saxon supremacy. Theodore Roosevelt also retains the image of a kind of populist patriot, providing useful quotes like this one from the Kansas City Star, 149, 7 May 1918:
To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public. Nothing but the truth should be spoken about him or any one else. But it is even more important to tell the truth, pleasant or unpleasant, about him than about any one else.
Unfortunately, while some of his words and writings present an image of Theodore Roosevelt that is agreeable
to us, his actions reveal another side. Theodore Roosevelt as President took some actions that were conspicuously harmful to the interests of White people, and they were recognized as such by racially conscious White people at the time. On October 16, 1901, slightly more than one month after the assassination of William McKinley, which had resulted in Vice-Presicent Roosevelt's ascension to the presidency, now President Roosevelt invited Booker T. Washington to the White
House so that he could consult with the most prominent Negro in the country about how best to pander for Black votes. Thereafter Roosevelt invited the Negro to dine with him. The symbolism of this act infuriated racially conscious White people, especially in the South, where the large Black population required constant vigilance by White people. South Carolina's Senator Ben Tillman complained: "The action of President Roosevelt in entertaining that nigger will necessitate our killing a
Although cousin to both Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, Theodore Roosevelt ha somehow escaped the scrutiny and the suspicions that have been focused on them He was vigorous, and he spoke some fine phrases and struck some heroic poses, bu in politics he resembled his nefarious cousins much more than is generally imagined.
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
11
thousand niggers in the South before they will learn their place again."Roosevelt thus ingratiated himself to the Blacks at the expense of the security of Southern Whites.
In 1906 came the Brownsville Incident. Roosevelt had stationed Negro troops in Brownsville, Texas, causing much discomfort to the White people there. Appeals to the Roosevelt Administration to withdraw the troops were ignored. On August 13 ten to twenty of those uniformed Negroes went on a shooting rampage through Brownsville, firing indiscriminately into windows and buildings, killing a bartender and a police horse, and seriously wounding a policeman. Twelve of the Blacks were imprisoned based on available evidence. Since none of the other Blacks would give information after being ordered to tell what they knew, all 167 were recommended for discharge without honor, for insubordination. Roosevelt could hardly refuse to sign the discharge, but he waited until after the Congressional election, hoping to retain Black support at the polls.
Theodore Roosevelt was also, like his cousins, helpful to the Jews. Although Theodore Roosevelt did not go as far as his cousin in stocking the Executive Branch with Jews, he did in fact move the country in that direction. Jewish writer Tina Levitan provides a summary of Theodore's philojudaic record:
Theodore Roosevelt was the first President to appoint a Jew to a presidential cabinet. In 1906 he named Oscar S. Straus Secretary of Commerce and Labor. T heodore Roosevelt was also the first President to contribute his own funds to a Jewish cause. In 1919, when he received the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts while President to settle the Russo-Japanese War, Roosevelt contributed part of his prize to the National Jewish Welfare	Board.	[http://
ww wjewishpost.com/jp0803/ jpn0803j.htm]
Despite the fact that Roosevelt had served the customary maximum of two
terms as President, he returned in 1912 with a third-party presidential bid on the Progressive (temporarily renamed "Bull Moose") ticket, resulting in the unseating of President William Howard Taft. Indeed, this was pretty clearly what Roosevelt had intended.
What was the cause of Roosevelt's vendetta against fellow Republican Taft? From Henry Ford's The International Jew, we learn that Taft had been resistant to some leading Jews' demands that the United States terminate a decades-old trade treaty with Russia; termination of the treaty meant that the German-Jewish bankers of Frankfurt-am-Main would become the middle-men in the trade between the US and Russia, thereby subjecting Russia to Jewish coercion. After Taft had rationally declined to meet the Jews' demands, the Jews succeeded by means of a ten-month long pressure campaign in getting both houses of Congress to order Taft to terminate the treaty (the exact procedure for terminating treaties being undefined in the Constitution). Thereafter, Taft proceeded to make informal arrangements with Russia, thus continuing to thwart the Jewish plans. Theodore Roosevelt in February 1912 abruptly announced that he would seek the Progressive nomination for president, specifically as a way of opposing Taft, but also eclipsing the Progressives' leader, Senator Robert LaFollette, who was even more unamenable than Taft to the Jews' agenda. The result was the (at that time) rare election of a Democrat, Woodrow Wilson, who, in addition to an overactive imagination, had secret adulterous affairs that could be used to msnipulate him.
After the Great War began in Europe, Theodore Roosevelt wrote in the Outlook of September 23, 1914: "It is certainly eminently desirable that we should remain entirely neutral and nothing but urgent need would warrant breaking our neutrality and taking sides one way or the other." This was in sharp
contrast to T.R.'s later position. Following the sinking of the Lusitania Roosevelt was egregious in urging that the United States break all ties with Germany, and he became an even more conspicuous warmonger thereafter, excoriating Woodrow Wilson publicly for the very stance of prudent neutrality which he himself had advocated in 1914.
Why did Roosevelt about-face? Was this a result of some Jewish manipulation? This is not entirely clear. Until 1917 World Jewry had tended to side with Imperial Germany because of the harm being done to Russia, and only in 1917 did organized Jewry begin its agitation for US intervention. Theodore Roosevelt was thus ahead of rank-and-file World Jewry in his warmongering, but this does not mean that Roosevelt's agitation could not have been part of the Jews' plan. In either case Roosevelt became an important agitator for a disastrous undertaking.
On April 2, 1917, Wison, who had been re-elected in 1916 on the promise to keep the country out of war, requested a Declaration of War from Congress. Although the Congress and public were brought to this point through mass-propaganda, Wilson himself was very likely influenced by his creditor, the prominent Zionist-Jew banker Samuel Untermyer, who had made a secret loan of $40,000 to Wilson that he needed to keep one of his illicit affairs secret.
The proximate source of the pressure that pushed the United States into World War One was Jewish. Perhaps it was merely a coincidence that the conspicuously pro-Jewish Theodore Roosevelt also had consistenly acted in such a way as to bring this situation about, first enabling Wilson to replace the more prudent Taft, then calling for war-or maybe there is more here than meets the eye.
William Taft called Theodore Roosevelt a demagogue, and that may well be an accurate characterization. It Continued on page 19.
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
First Things First
My program last week, in which I discussed White identity as the necessary basis for everything we do, generated quite a bit of mail from readers. Although most mail was favorable, several writers did express concern about my discussion of religion.
Because I said that we must think of ourselves as White people, and that we Should put race — what we actually are — higher in our scale of values than religion — what we believe — some writers took me to task for being non-Christian and some took me to task for being anti-Christian, and accused me of wanting to eradicate Christianity from a future White society.
I can't really reassure those who worry that I am a non-Christian, though I appreciate their concern for my soul. I believe that we live in a world of matter and energy, and that there is no other world outside the world of reality, and that the divine— the true and therefore supremely good — lies not in ancient religious writings, which are often mistaken, nor on another ’plane' of existence, which doesn't exist, but within the reality of the past, present, and especially the future, and is discoverable by the scientific method applied by the minds of the best of our evolving race.
Most importantly, I believe that the divine path is also the path of the upward development of our race. And I also believe that the current limitations on our knowledge are not limits or faults of the scientific method, but are instead the current limits of the human condition and the human brain, which even among our best minds is but a millimeter above
Kevin Alfred Strom
the primordial swamp on a journey to the stars. And I further believe that the best, most racially-conscious Christians agree with me on these last two and most important points. They may couch it in religious terms — a journey to God instead of a journey to the stars; respect for God's will versus respect for Nature's laws — but both they and I understand that our uniquely beautiful and creative race must survive and progress if our lives are to have any meaning at all.
As for those who think that the future White state envisioned by the National Alliance would persecute Christians, nothing could be further from the truth. The National Alliance does not dictate the religious beliefs of its members, though none may be Jewish in genes or beliefs. There are National Alliance members who profess Christianity. They are Christians who put their race first, and set aside differences in religion for the sake of racial survival. The National Alliance unites into one community those who want to restore the traditional racial basis of society. We also want to go beyond the vision of racial preservation of our forefathers. Based on what we have learned about race in the modern era, we believe we can and should enter an era of racial progress.
The National Alliance, like its founder Dr. William Pierce, recognizes that one of the great needs of our race is for freedom — freedom to inquire, to study, to question, to know through one's own independent quest for truth. We want to build a society fit for White men and women to live in, one that is in
full accord with
all
our needs.
And
that must be a society that, to the maximum extent possible compatible with racial survival, grants freedom of conscience and freedom of inquiry to its citizens. Freedom of conscience includes freedom of religion.
Would we use — or allow — the power of the state to be used to suppress religion? No, for the reasons of freedom of conscience outlined above, we would never do that. And further, the history of the 20th century gives us such horrifying and recent examples of the results of such anti-religious fanaticism that they can never be forgotten. We remember the destruction and looting of the churches, and the wanton butchery of clerics, nuns, and worshippers which occurred in the Soviet Union and in so-called Republican Spain, in which an anti-religious mania was inflamed by the Communists as a cover for the Jewish destruction of the existing White society, the killing of thousands of White Russians and Spaniards, and the replacement of a native ruling class with an alien one.
Would we shut down the charlatans and hucksters of the TV evangelism racket, who prey on the innocent and trusting less-educated members of our race? Yes we would, and so would any decent White Christians if they or we controlled the television and radio airwaves as the Jews do today.
Any racialist would know that Jerry Falwell and his ilk, who purposely and maliciously foster a loyalty among their White followers to Israel and the Jews, are undisguised traitors to their people; and their treason and deception, in a sane country that intended to survive, would not be tolerated for even one second. Just listen to Falwell
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
in an interview he gave to CBS [ http:/ /tinyurl.com/elbO ]:
"It is my belief that the Bible Belt in America is Israel's only safety belt right now... There are 70 million of us. And if there's one thing that brings us together quickly it's whenever we begin to detect our government becoming a little anti-Israel."
In April 2002, even that faithful servant of the Jews, President Bush, expressed his opinion that it would be good if Israel withdrew its tanks, and stopped using them to kill Palestinians in their own towns on the West Bank. What did Falwell do? He sent an outraged letter to the White House which was followed by a rallying of his flock, who immediately flooded the President with 100,000 emails protesting this shocking infringement of the Jews' right to keep and bear arms and kill the Gentile dogs with impunity. Bush decided the tank question wasn't so important after all.
Falwell continued to expand on his favorite theme and First Commandment: "There's nothing that would bring the wrath of the Christian public in this country down on this government like abandoning or opposing Israel in a critical matter... I really believe when the chips are down Ariel Sharon can trust George Bush to do the right thing every time."
According to Christian Zionist John McAteer in the same article, "God gave the land of Israel to the
Jewish people..Every grain of sand
between the Dead Sea, the Jordan River, and the Mediterranean Sea belongs to the Jews." Not a word about any land — anywhere — belonging by right to White people or any other people, including Christian people. These liars have deceived our people so that they and their wealth and their work and the blood of their sons and daughters are totally in the service of the Middle Eastern parasite. As I said, no people could
tolerate such deception and destruction, and no racially conscious White person, Christian or non-Christian, should have to tolerate it for an instant. Suppressing treason and suppressing religion are two totally different things.
Would we allow any religion to have state power? No, the history of the West since the Christian era has included many massacres of White people by White people in the name of religion — even more than the massacres of Whites by Jewish Communists, even though the latter were larger in scale. One thinks of the Thirty Years' War, the Crusaders versus the Greek Christians, and many others. Allowing one sect political power over all the others and over non-believers is a formula for repression, resentment, and possibly, if the wrong sect comes to power, the ultimate stifling of the greatest hope for the future of our kind in the universe, the free inquiry of science and the application of its discoveries to ensure our racial survival and progress.
A sincere racialist Christian, whose work I genuinely admire and who I consider to be a man of high integrity and a long-time friend, told me recently that his vision of a future White state would be a Christian state in which the Bible would be the only law and in which no non-Christian philosophy could be promoted — on pain of death. I think his zeal has (temporarily, I hope) blinded him to reason.
First, I would point out to him that his brand of racialist Christianity, though it is undoubtedly truer to White Western traditions than are most churches today, is a tiny and despised sect among Christians as a whole, and would be vigorously opposed in any future Christian state. The beliefs of most Christians about the "only law" would be diametrically opposed to his. His fellow racialist Christians might find
themselves among the first to undergo the "pain of death" for wrong beliefs if such state power was given to anyone in the name of religion. And I would further point out that the genie of free inquiry has been released in our society since the Renaissance, and its benefits are so enormous, both practically and spiritually, that very few people, religious or non-religious, are willing to give them up. Any attempt to suppress freedom of religion and freedom of thought will instantly have as its implacable and passionate enemies millions of the best White minds, many of them men and women with their hands on the levers of power through their positions as educators, technicians, and scientists. Imposing rigid religious dogma — or rigid anti-religious dogma — is a complete political and practical non-starter in the West, and all efforts to do so on the part of well- or ill-intentioned Whites are utterly wasted efforts. We do not have time for wasted efforts, and we strongly oppose any attempts to impose religious uniformity on our people.
How would a future religion-based state prevent its ’elders' from having a new 'revelation' and completely changing the principles on which the state was founded? That's what happened to the Mormon Church a few years ago. Their doctrines had long favored White people almost exclusively. Some of their religious writings discussed this explicitly. With minuscule exceptions, only Whites were proselytized and only Whites could be leaders of the Church. But one day a ’new revelation' occurred and the leaders of the church magically discovered that the old interpretation of sacred scripture was wrong and they declared that, overnight, their racial policy was to be reversed. Thereafter non-Whites could become church leaders and non-White countries were to become the focus of missionary efforts.
A similar thing happened to the Dutch Reformed Church in South
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
Africa. That church had long supported the freedom and independence of the Afrikaner people who made up its membership. It was a bulwark of White racial survival and the survival of White civilization on the dark continent. It fully supported the Apartheid or 'separate development' policy of the South African government, which was an absolute necessity for White survival there. Despite all the economic pressures of the Jews (who control the financial establishment of the West) to destroy White South Africa, as long as the Dutch Reformed Church stood firm, White South Africa survived. Despite the assassination of South Africa's great leader Dr. Verwoerd in 1966, as long as the Dutch Reformed Church stood firm White South Africa survived. Despite the institution of Jewish television programming in South Africa in 1975, as long as the Dutch Reformed Church stood firm White South Africa survived. Despite the fact that the Jewish Oppenheimer family was long the most powerful economic entity in South Africa, as long as the Dutch Reformed Church stood up for apartheid, White South Africa survived. Despite the screaming, spitting, and 24/ 7 vilification of South Africa for decades by the Jewish media in the West, and the resultant institution of crippling state sanctions on that country which went on for many years, as long as the Dutch Reformed Church supported White survival, South Africans did not bend and they maintained their freedom and independence. But as soon as the leaders of the Dutch Reformed Church had a ’new revelation,' and declared that the teachings of their church had been wrong for 400 years and that the races were equal after all, the South African people gave up their country voluntarily and voted for a new constitution which guaranteed them slavery, savagery, and murder on a scale that boggles the mind, and which also guarantees their extinction as a people unless a radical
change in consciousness occurs there soon.
Now it really does not matter much if the "new revelations'' that occurred in the Mormon Church and the Dutch Reformed Church were the results of naive faith, creeping secularism, outside pressure, or bundles of Jewish cash. The fact is they occurred. And the only thing that could possibly have stopped them from occurring was if the leaders of those churches and of those societies had put race first, and made racial survival a non-negotiable principle that could never be changed.
Making religion the first principle of a society entails a great risk to the race, since the religions vying for state power in our age are all based on ancient writings which are, to put it mildly, subject to a wide range of interpretations.
But, to be fair to religion, making anything except race the highest value of your society is dangerous. Making economic principles — whether of the egalitarian socialist or rapacious capitalist variety — your highest value is a danger to the race. The state bureaucrats who thrive under international socialism love dependent people who always vote to give the bureaucrats more power — and who is more dependent, and politically dependable, than the Black and Mestizo underclass? The rapacious capitalists love cheap labor and a dumbed-down consumer class which is very susceptible to mass marketing techniques. Who fits those pprofiles better than the same underclass beloved of the bureaucrats? Who ships factories to China's and Mexico's slave labor pens, and who brings non-Whites to work in their chicken-rendering plants and agribusinesses by the millions? Yes, basing your society on economic principles can be fatal to your people, too.
We must make racial survival and racial progress the two most important principles of the state. Our race's very nature requires freedom of conscience and therefore freedom of religion. And
our racial progress depends on freedom of inquiry.
What we who care about the survival of our race should be doing is putting race first at all times, and making all of our efforts count in showing our fellow Whites the necessity of standing together. White Christians should not disparage the publication of explicitly non-Christian racialist books or articles, and non-Christian racialists should not attack racialist Christians who are sincerely raising the racial consciousness of their flocks. And we should all put our shoulders to the wheel and sacrifice until it hurts in the cause of building a White community which will someday gain the power to secure a free and independent state exclusively for the benefit and interests of White people. And such a state will of necessity be one that allows freedom of thought and conscience on matters of religion. Without such a state, we all die, and our children suffer and disappear into the enslaved and degraded masses of the Jewish global plantation.
We must begin where the founding fathers of the United States left off, and make the racial basis of our society even more explicit than they did. Racial preservation and racial progress must be made the first principles of our Constitution, and those principles must not ever be subject to amendment. No ’revelation,' no sentiment, nothing must ever be allowed to threaten the survival of our people.
Of course, a Constitution is just a piece of paper. It means nothing without a strong community dedicated to its principles, and willing to die rather than see it overthrown. We are building that community in the National Alliance. Please join us.
Take your share of responsibility for the future! Join today!
National Alliance PO Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA.
www.natvan.com
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
15
The philosopher Savitri Devi called it ’enthralling.' Dr. William Pierce called it "a survival manual for the White race." Revilo Oliver of the University of Illinois, one of the leading classicists of the last century, called it ’’unique... a veritable encyclopaedia of everything that is directly pertinent to our race's position in the world today."
The book is William Gayley Simpson's Which Way Western Man?, which was unavailable for years and which hasjust been republished in a new edition by National Vanguard Books.
William Simpson began his career as a graduate, summa cum laude, of a major theological seminary, and became a Franciscan brother working among the poor and disenfranchised in an attempt to make a better world. Simpson saw the magnitude of the problems he and his comrades were trying to solve, and realized that the ameliorative work in which they were engaged would never solve the problems they were tackling, and could at best only slow down the steady decline of our civilization and of human quality generally.
He read the great philosophers, particularly Nietzsche, and from the 1920s to 1980 kept a written record of his quest for truth and for the meaning of life, which he found in the never-ending quest to increase human excellence and quality. Which
Which Way Western Man?
Wittkuvi Gayley Simpson
$42.95 post paid (US) from National Vanguard books.
Way Western Man? is the result of his quest, and it is one of the most important books of the last 100 years.
Published in 1980, the first edition sold out within a few years and was not reprinted, as the author was working, throughout the 80s and until his death in the 1990s, on a series of revisions and additions which reflected new knowledge and the mature final insights of the author. At last, the monumental job of revision has been completed and the second edition of
Which Way Western Man? is now available.
Which Way Western Man? is more than just a work of history, philosophy, and science, although it is all of that — it is also the story of a life, the life of an unusually sensitive and compassionate man, a man who could understand the mission of St. Francis as well as that of Nietzsche — a man who could see our position in the universe and relate it to the ordinary reader in a way that no other writer has ever done. I recommend Which Way Western Man? with my highest commendation. It is a lifechanging book.
Which Way Western Man? is available as item number 407 from National Vanguard Books. This huge, encyclopedic work of 1070 pages is available for $39.95 plus $3 postage and handling for orders within the U.S., $5 abroad, to National Vanguard Books, Box 330, Hillsboro WV 24946 USA. Or you can order online by clicking on the book image at natvan.com.
Until next week, this is Kevin Alfred Strom reminding you of the words of Richard Berkeley Cotten: ” Freedom is not free; free men are not equal, and equal men are not free."
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program ’’First Things First," which aired on 14 June 2003.
in

n^jsure that if tper^ h^d been i cist	nd qpntfce
T/vellin >	m p66, |ci bfefli^iriQ ii%a neaWny^
progressive^, oj fe'lp Angerjca t^H^v/t--William|k. Piergpej
at
An inspiring and cQfcjfcaCg-eoue^cT9if cafnpffet;e and in good fide I ity^C^aJse^e f95 ^CtD^TcT^
nUEr

HM| a
available-^fex:kwe//;'life Lost Recordings

w
of recordings (of varying quality) in which!
RodiviLeiJ st'StlSS'Ws views in detail . Historically valuable. $1 9.95.
ring costs: US, $3 for the first item, + .5Qf®r each additional item.
"hHHhh	$lTSrJKh	additional.
mi .	% •;jpi^%	West Virginia.
m
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
The Giuliani Syndrome
Kevin Alfred Strom
On today's program we'll be pulling back the curtain on an important but little-discussed meeting in Vienna, Austria just last week, a meeting attended by former New York City mayor Rudolph Giuliani and several officials in the Bush administration. At that meeting these American leaders, and leaders of other member governments of the OSCE (’Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe1), discussed how they can best prevent the worker ants (that's us White folks in America and Europe) from discovering that we've been enslaved by alien parasites. (The awareness of the real world which the OSCE is trying to prevent is usually called ’anti-Semitism.')
Later in the show, we'll be making a correction and clarifying a couple of points we made on earlier programs. So stay tuned to the first and best radio program for White people, on the air since December 1991, American Dissident Voices.
Rudy Giuliani. The mayor of New York City when the twin towers got hit on 9-11. An heroic figure. Tough under fire. An able administrator. A decent-looking White guy who got things done as a prosecutor. A man who cleaned up the dirty streets of Zoo City as mayor. In many ways, it's hard for healthy White folks not to like Rudolph Giuliani. He's all those things and more.
Yes — more. What you didn't know is that Rudy Giuliani is also a man who has been totally, utterly, and irredeemably captured by the Jews and who is therefore a deadly enemy of White people and White civilization. Giuliani has been shilling for the Jews for a very long time. Even before he was elected mayor, more than a decade ago, he made the talk show circuit as a prosecutor,
repeatedly saying — with that practiced tough-guy sincerity and a smile on his face — that what we needed to do was to enact ’hate crime' statutes that would give prosecutors like him the power to specially punish and imprison people because of their racial or political beliefs.
Last week, Giuliani attended what the BBC called an "unprecedented" meeting held in Vienna, Austria and sponsored by the innocent-sounding ”Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe" or OSCE, which, along with the "Helsinki Commission" and other groups, has been exposed as a tool of Jewish control of American and European societies on earlier American Dissident Voices programs. The purpose of the meeting was to deal with the rising awareness of Jewish power that has been accelerating in Europe and around the world in recent months in the wake of the Iraq war and other examples of Jewish muscle-flexing and bloodletting around the world. The meeting was attended by over 400 delegates, many of them high government officials from the United States and other OSCE member states.
This conference is very important to Jews, though they haven't given it much publicity in the media they intend for our eyes. Elie Wiesel delivered the keynote address.
Robert Meth is a Jew who served on the supposed ’U.S.' delegation to the conference, and he stated that the conference is a "critical opportunity in European history, where for the first time a permanent mechanism of governments and citizens - from across Europe and North America - will be established for coordinating the fight against anti-Semitism."
Also attending the conference with Giuliani were Jews Malcolm Hoenlein,
Executive Vice Chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations; Daniel S. Mariaschin, Excecutive Vice President of B'nai B'rith International; Cheryl Halpern of B'nai B'rith International and the former Chairwoman of the Republican Jewish Coalition; Abe Foxman, Director of the infamous Anti-Defamation League; Rabbi Andrew Baker of the American Jewish Committee, and others.
Other attendees included Ambassador Randolph Bell and Ambassador Stephan Minikes. Instrumental in setting up the conference were U.S. Representatives Chris Smith and Alcee Hastings and Senator George Voinovich, Bush National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice, and Undersecretary of State Marc Grossman.[ http:// tinyurl.com/f7pl ][ http://ncsj.org/ Vienna2003.shtml ]
Listen to the words of Secretary of State Colin Powell describing how Giuliani was commissioned to serve Jewish interests in Europe:
"...Rudy Giuliani... has accepted a mission that we asked him to accept, and that is to head the U.S. delegation to a conference in Europe held by the OSCE, [the] Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. Fifty-five nations will come together at this conference to talk about a pressing issue that is a concern to everyone in Europe and all of us here in the United States. And that is the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe, manifested in incidents and ugly words and other expressions that are not tolerable in today's world."[ http://ncsj.org/ Vienna2003.shtml ]
This remark by Powell is quite
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
17
Rudolph Giuliani shows the proper attitude for ambitious White politicians these days -- wearing a yarmulke and genuflecting to Ariel Sharon. We need a new political order in which loyalty to our own people - not to Jews -- is a prerequisite for power."
revealing. What Giuliani and the other delegates are set to 'fight' are anti-Jewish "incidents" — anti-Jewish "words" — and "expressions that are not tolerable in today's world." If that last phrase doesn't send chills down your spine, then you are dead to the love of freedom. I don't know about you, but some of my ancestors laid down their lives to secure the right to express any political or social opinion whatever. They thought that the rights of free speech and a free press were worth dying for. What does Colin Powell think? What does Giuliani think? What does the OSCE think? What do you think?
What did Giuliani say at this meeting? "Europe must do more to tackle a resurgence of anti-Semitism around the world.... Words do not suffice to turn the tide of anti-Semitism that is once again growing in Europe and other parts of the world...."
The U.S. delegation was headed by Giuliani, and a message to the conference from President Bush was read there:
Bush stated that we must "ensure
that anti-Semitism" — that is, any writings that Jews don't like — "is excluded from school text books, official statements, official television programming and official publications...." Thanks, G.W. It's good to know what your priorities are. Can you imagine Bush or Powell or Giuliani, as much as they hate free speech, ever calling for laws to suppress criticism of White people or even of America? It's not going to happen. Forget it. Yet, in the hushed tones usually reserved for sacred words spoken in church, they piously intone that words critical of Jews be eliminated or made illegal. They intone these words at international conferences, paid for by you the taxpayers, called into session specifically for the purpose of ending criticism of Jews. How much more obvious does it have to be, dear listeners? Powell and Bush and Giuliani have given us such a crystal clear example of Jewish power over our "leaders" that even the most dense should be able to 'get it/
Do you think that the OSCE delegates were mainly concerned with
stopping physical attacks on Jews and not on suppressing freedom of speech? Think again. The Dutch delegate to the conference, Daan Everts, specifically cited "[racist] music [and] racist slogans" — slogans! — as 'problems' to be addressed by new laws.
And Israel's chief representative at the conference, Avraham Toledo, specifically called on member governments to make 'anti-Semitism' a criminal offense. That's where they are going with this. It can't possibly be any more obvious. A more chilling nightmare scenario could not have been penned by a science fiction author characterizing the Jews as a parasitic alien species who have invaded us and taken over the ruling class in our societies, and who are slowly programming us to kill or imprison any ’rebels' who question the new ruling class, worship of which is gradually being introduced in our schools and churches as a pseudoreligion to cement their power over us.
[ http://tinyurl.com/etzr ]
It's interesting that the Bush administration withdrew its delegates from the UN-sponsored 'World Conference Against Racism' held in South Africa in 2001 when it was discovered that Jews would be criticized for their treatment of Palestinians there. But they enthusiastically endorse — with the participation of Powell, Giuliani, and even Bush himself—this conference in Vienna in which the entire focus is criminalizing criticism of Jews and Jews alone. Clearly, our captured rulers have no problem with the concept of conferences on racism. But conferences that criticize Jews, however mildly, are verboten. And conferences that denounce critics of Jews and Israel are national and international priorities. It's Jewish interests that are their driving force at all places and at all times. Jewish interests. Not American interests. Not White interests. Any people so betrayed by its own alleged leaders will not long survive on Earth.
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
On June 18th, Giuliani stated that when people characterize Jews "in inhumane ways, and make salacious statements in parliaments or the press" about Jews, they are "attacking the defining values of our societies and our international institutions."
Just as he did in the United States a few years ago, Giuliani went on to call for special punishment for anyone in Europe found to have violated his proposed 'hate crime' laws, punishment far more severe than for similar offenses when the motivation was not found to be dislike of Jews. He specifically justified this unequal punishment of those who criticize Jews on the basis that crimes against Jews are "particularly heinous." Crimes against Englishmen, crimes against Italians, crimes against Frenchmen, crimes against Americans — well, they're just crimes. Crimes against Jews require special punishment. They're "particularly heinous." Conferences must be held and new laws must be passed.
Giuliani, whose wife is Judy Nathan, whose Jewish former husband Richard Nathan was rumored to be a homosexual bedmate of Jewish New York City mayor Ed Koch [ http:// tinyurl.com/f7lc ] continues as he tells us what the real function of law should be in a ’good' society of obedient goyim: "Yes, some will argue that hate crimes need not be punished more harshly than similar crimes committed for different reasons But the fact is that extra penalties are used throughout civilized legal systems — in Europe as well as America — as a way to distinguish acts that are particularly heinous. One of the functions of the law is to teach, to draw lines between what's permissible and what's forbidden/'[ http://tinyurl.com/ f7j3]
More chills for your spine, ladies and gentlemen, "...what's permissible and what's forbidden" as defined by Rudy Giuliani and his Jewish masters. We don't need Alfred Hitchcock or Stephen King anymore, now that
we've got Rudy and the Jews. Yes, "...what's permissible and what's forbidden" — truth about the Jewish criminal conspiracy that is destroying our race and nations is forbidden. Freedom is forbidden. A free press is forbidden. Jewish ascendancy in a society often ends this way.
(By the way, Rudolph Giuliani's father, Harold Giuliani, was a convicted violent felon — a real felon, not one manufactured by a tortuous twisting of technicalities as in the Chester Doles case [ http://www.freechesterdoles.com/ ] — so I wonder if law-enforcement wunderkind Rudy or his associates ever carried a firearm while visiting Dad, and I wonder if that ever resulted in an arrest or even a single word of concern from the F.B.I.)
Giuliani continues his sermon, letting us know that there can only be one point of view and one sacred victim group in World War 11 history: "Making sure their citizens have an honest understanding of the Holocaust is vital, as revisionist viewpoints put us at risk of a repetition of race-based genocide. Schools must look at how they educate children regarding tolerance and fairness. Universities, public officials, advertisers and the news media should publicize the tremendous contributions that Jews have made to European societies through the years."
Giuliani states that his purpose with regard to the rising awareness of Jewish power and Jewish crimes in Europe is to see that this increased consciousness is ’turned around.' I quote from his June 13 address at the State department after accepting the OSCE ’commission': "Coming from New York City and having had the experience of being mayor of the world's most diverse city, you learn... the value of having a focus on hate crimes and hate incidents.... And then focusing your attention on those places in which you have to educate people or you have to deal with people who are wrongdoers. And the fact that this
organization is giving attention to this at this level, I think is a very positive sign that we will be able to deal with it at this stage and start to turn it in the right direction.'! http: // tinyurl.com/f7lu ]
It's clear that Rudy Giuliani's political ambitions are far from over. His brown-nosing of the Jews has reached a fever pitch. We can expect the same from ambitious politicians like Hilary Clinton and many others as 2004 approaches. Elections in the United States have become more and more contests between cynical lying hacks who compete for favorable media coverage by trying to be more subservient to the Jews and to Israel than the next cynical lying hack. This guarantees them good coverage and more votes from the unthinking victims of media manipulation. The Semitically Sycophantic rhetoric will be more heated than ever in future elections, as it takes extreme statements to compete for the Jews' favor with George W., who was willing to slaughter Arabs and Americans by the thousands for them.
But, as the ambitions and the actions of the Jews become more extreme, the awareness they are trying to suppress will start to bloom all over Europe, all over North America, and everywhere where they have set up their criminal conspiracy to harness our people for their evil ends and to eventually eradicate our race from the face of the Earth. That's the historical pattern. Jews gain power in a society, abuse that power through arrogance and hate, and eventually the oppressed people expel their oppressors. But this time, the process is not limited to one country like 20th century Germany or 15th century Spain. The process is now global. And, as we and the other peoples of the Earth realize that our mutual needs for self-determination and for freedom from Jewish domination coincide, the days of the Jewish cryptocracy will be numbered.
Instead of a government that serves
Jewish interests above all, and serves other minority interests as long as they don't conflict with Jewish interests, we must have a government that serves White interests. Under such a government, our labor and our tax dollars and our blood would be expended only when they served future generations of Whites, not squandered on the megalomaniac dreams of the self-Chosen or on breeding the biomass that threatens to engulf us. The conferences we will convene will hold lying White politicians like Rudy Giuliani to account, and will focus on such issues as the genocides against Whites committed by Jews in Europe during the last century, and on righting wrongs like the sexual slavery of young White women and girls being practiced now by Jewish criminal gangs in Israel and elsewhere.
When we have a government which pursues White interests instead of Jewish interests, we will be incomparably richer, incomparably more secure, incomparably more technically advanced and powerful — and, in terms of Nature's highest commandment, the protection of our children and our posterity, incomparably more moral than we are today.
That is the task of the National Alliance. Join us today; write to PO Box 90, Hillsboro WV 24946 USA, or apply online at http://www.natvan.com .
Continued from page 11 -----------
took little courage to pose as an advocate of Anglo-Saxon superiority one hundred years ago; to be anything other than pro-White at that time was a mark of insanity. Perhaps Theodore Roosevelt's more agreeable writings and public statements may have been simply an office-seeker's way of portraying himself as an exponent of the popular notions of the time: in any case, actions show that Theodore Roosevelt was not entirely what he portrayed. This was true of Franklin Roosevelt as well. Among those supporters of Franklin Roosevelt who were White people not bent on racial suicide, it was customary to regard his hideous wife and cousin Eleanor, with
FREE SPEECH for June 2003
On our program of May 31st, we reported that one of the architects of the attack on Iraq, the Jew Paul Wolfowitz, had received his doctorate under Leo Strauss. Although we relied on printed articles by Seymour Hersh and William Pfaff for that information, our statement was in fact incorrect. According to correspondence we received from the University of Chicago, Wolfowitz obtained his doctoral degree under the supervision of Albert Wohlstetter. Wolfowitz did indeed study under Strauss, so the substance of our piece remains unchallenged.
One other erratum we'd like to clear up is this: On last week's program, I described the disinformation campaign against us as a COINTELPRO-like operation. Several persons who have been guilty of at least passing along some of the Internet hoaxes we discussed wrote immediately, claiming that I was really talking about them — an interesting assumption on their part. A couple of writers distorted my words by claiming that I had said that what was happening now was definitely COINTELPRO Mark II. Obviously, I have no seat at the councils of the enemies of our race, so I cannot say with certainty that the lies and forgeries designed to divide us originate in the minds of criminal bureaucrats. Nor
her openly and scandalously anti-White views and associations, as an anomaly to be considered entirely apart from her husband. Now we know, in retrospect, that Franklin Roosevelt was every bit as sick and twisted as she was. While progress has been made in getting a better look at FDR, there is still a tendency to judge Theodore as a character utterly unlike his two cousins, but again this seems to be a mistake. Theodore Roosevelt produced some well turned phrases that seem highly agreeable to us, but so did his cousin Franklin, as for example when he spoke against federal economic relief in 1932, and later when he said, "I hate war," while contriving to
19
can I say with absolute assurance that they constitute a non-governmental operation under the direct control of Jewish groups, playing on the egos and exploiting the divisions of racially-aware Whites. But the sudden increase in these attacks and forgeries, and their almost-exclusive concentration on the leading pro-White organization in the United States, shows all the marks of an orchestrated campaign by someone who has studied well the lessons of COINTELPRO, and who does not have our best interests at heart.
I thank all of you who have written to the National Alliance and to me personally with your support — and I thank all of our members and Local Unit coordinators who have, with their regular meetings and pro-White community events, shown the world what the National Alliance is really all about. I thank the Chester Doles family for their efforts and I thank the member behind the ’Goy Genius' Challenge who is helping Mr. Doles — that political prisoner whose only crime was to have stood up for his race. And I thank all of you for listening to my words today.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program "The Giuliani Syndrome," which aired on 28 June 2003.
get the United States into war. Clearly, the character of a politician cannot always be judged by what he says, and this is also true in the case of the Roosevelt cousins. Theodore Roosevelt damaged the future of the White race at home and throughout the world, but the true nature of his actions has been obscured by high-sounding phrases and by an exaggerated cowboy image. Perhaps this was what George W. Bush really meant when he said in 2001 that he wished to model himself after Theodore Roosevelt more than any other president.
They Need the Truth
American Dissident Voices is on the Internet!
Our World Wide Web Sites Are:
http://www.natvan.com
and
http://www.natall.com
Listen...
Where Will They Find It?
On Jewish-controlled television, with its racially mixed couples and multicultural propaganda?
In Jewish-controlled Hollywood, where almost no film can be made unless it contains a Politically Correct, anti-White message?
In the newspapers, where the same alien control prevails?
In his classroom, which has been converted into a neo-Communist brainwashing pen?
On the streets, where he will be exposed to drug dealers, homosexuals and violent non-Whites?
We are here to make sure that more and more young people like him will have access to the truth — over the air and through the printed word. We are the men and women of the National Alliance. It’s about time.
Shortwave Station
WWREfUtf,
'	I]
I
WAUS
WWRB claittS


erage of all of North .
America <&&*/ -L (l?oenix’Arizona) Sat’
afternoon at 4:80 p.m.
urday at 6 PM em U.S. Tinfle on * 6890kHz & 12172kHz, and at 11 PM on 6890 kHz & 5085kHz.
I
I
I
I
I
j
on 1100 AM.
WALE (Ri; CTand MA): Saturday morning at 4:30 p.m. on 990 AM.
... every week to American Dissident Voices, the only radio program for White men and women worldwide, at the times and frequencies shown. The approximate coverage areas of the stations in our network are shown in grey. Send $2.00 today and receive a sample copy of our patriotic monthly Free Speech, along with our huge book catalog for patriots, containing over 400 books, tapes, and videos.
Extra copies of this radio schedule are available at $3.00 for 20 copies, $7.00 for 100 copies, or $30.00 for 500 copies, all postpaid. Ask for Item number 606 when you order.
National Alliance Box 90 • Hillsboro . WV 24946 . USA