IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
FREE SPEECH • DECEMBER • VOLUME VIII, NO. XII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. For $400 per year, instead of audio cassettes, you will receive audio CD’s.
White Community
by Kevin Alfred Strom
In Our Own Hands
by Kevin Alfred Strom
White Zion: Jewish Survival Strategies
by William L. Pierce
White Community
We hear a lot these days about the Black community, the “Hispanic” community, the immigrant community— but one thing we almost never hear about is the White community. And the reason we seldom hear about the White community is that it no longer exists.
I’m 46 years old. Although that’s not particularly aged, I am old enough to remember the virtually all-White America that existed prior to 1965.1 can remember when doors were left unlocked; when honesty, decency and respect for others were the norm. The Jews and the traitors in Washington were doing their best even then to intimidate White Americans into silence, and to promote their insane and suicidal substitute for “morality” that defines any act that protects our race as “evil” and any act that mixes or degrades our race as “good.”
But the rot hadn’t gone as far then. The mayors and police chiefs and
Matthew Dowdy: Black “eyewitness” said the beltway sniper was olive-skinned with dark hair and mustache and drove a cream-colored van with a burned-out taillight.
community leaders and almost all the voters were White then. Whites could have easily retaken all the beachheads of power that the Jews and other non-Whites were occupying. Why didn’t they? Why did that generation abdicate and leave us with a much harder job against a much stronger and more well-entrenched foe? What was missing in White Americans in 1965 is the same thing that is missing today: a sense of community, a sense of belonging to an extended racial and national family defined by kinship.
Without a sense of community, we feel weak—and sometimes hopeless and paralyzed. Without a real community of families—and leaders who care about those families—we are “led” by opportunists and aliens who will always give us the short end of the stick for personal advancement or to please the better-organized non-Whites who do have a sense of community.
Media Image: White Gun Nut in a White Van
Top photos show Police Chief Charles Moose. In the top right photo he holds two pictures of the suspect vehicle. The lower right picture is also a police released suspect vehicle. The man in the lower left photo is Robert Gene Baker III, who was falsely accused by the media of being a suspect. He was described as an armed White supremacist. He fit the profile of a young angry White who likes guns. Profiler Brian Levin, a Jew, said the killer was likely “a wallpaper white male, a disenfranchised, disrespected man who’s getting back at society."
A striking example of the latter, and a lesson for all of us about losing control of our cities and towns, was the recent case of the Washington, DC Snipers, John Allen Muhammad and John Lee Malvo.
The sniper task force was led by Montgomery County, Maryland Police Chief Charles Moose, a Black, who was specifically recruited by the traitorous politicians in that county because he was Black. And he was acceptable to the NAACP and Jewish groups who were looking to use the issue of so-called “racial profiling” to make the police more “diverse” and more “sensitive” on racial issues. Charles Moose was not only Black, but also he had made a name for
2 FREE SPEECH for December 2002
himself as a vocal opponent of “racial profiling,” a disparaging term used to describe police who have their eyes open and are perceptive enough to notice that Blacks and Mestizos are more violent and commit more crimes than Whites do.
We now know that the sniper suspects, John Allen Muhammad and John Lee Malvo, are both Blacks: at least one a Black Muslim and the other an illegal immigrant from Jamaica. But while Malvo and Muhammad were lying in wait for their victims and killing at will, and while men, women, and children were dying or living in fear, Charles Moose was determined to avoid targeting Blacks or other non-Whites at all costs. As the
leader of the task force, Charles Moose led us to believe that the killers were White.
Charles Moose had access to the telephone messages left by the snipers, and he surely must have known that the caller was Black. But Charles Moose did not reveal that fact to the public until the arrests, when the race of the suspects was an inescapable fact known to all.
Former FBI “profilers” were brought in who stated outright that the killer was likely a “cold, calculating White man with a score to settle.” And Moose’s task force even noisily announced that it was seeking a White man “affiliated with militia and White supremacist groups.”
© 2003 • National Vanguard Books
Truth: Two Black Derelicts in a Blue Caprice
Top photos are John Allen Muhammad and John Lee Malvo. Lower left is their Blue Caprice. Lower right is a police sketch of the killer in an Alabama killing that police say is related and is Malvo. Neither of these Blacks is an expert with firearms. They are nearly opposites of the profiles invented by the media’s favorite experts.
The sniper suspects’ Chevrolet Caprice was seen twice in suspicious circumstances. On October 3, after a fatal nighttime shooting in Washington, DC, a Caprice was seen leaving the scene with its lights off. In the early morning of October 8th, the day after a 13-year-old was wounded in Bowie, Maryland, police approached the blue Caprice near an on-ramp to Interstate 83 and found Muhammad sleeping. Muhammad was not held.
A police source told the Washington Post, “Everyone was looking for a white car with white people.” When asked about the Caprice two weeks before the arrests, Charles Moose re-emphasized the “white
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
vans,” saying he wasn’t making “a big push for public feedback about” the Caprice. Naturally he wasn’t: the Caprice was being driven by a Black man.
What frightens you more: the two killers, or the fact that a man like Moose, who put his race above our safety, is the head of the task force meant to capture them? It should be the latter that frightens you the most. When the officials—when the judges and the juries and the mayors and the legislators—consist of people hostile or at best indifferent to us and to our traditions and our heritage, do you think we are going to be safe from criminals and killers on the streets? Do you think you are going to be safe from
corrupt police who will plant evidence and abuse you if you “cross” the wrong special interest group in town? Do you think you will get a fair trial from a jury containing racially-conscious non-Whites if you are accused of ever having had a kind word to say about White people or the survival of our race? When we gave up control of our communities because the Jews told us we were being “fair” by doing so, we also gave up our right to life. And the ultimate end of that road of misery for ourselves and our children will be death and extinction.
FREE SPEECH for December 2002	3
White Community: A Letter Commentaiy
Black commmity Is local: Shown is part of a Black mob that took control of Cincinnati City Council chambers. Blacks as a group use hysterics and violence in response to almost any action or afront against a Black individual, if they can blame it on Whites.
A fellow National Alliance member, Ken Lagret of Connecticut recently wrote on the subject of White Community:
Our country is no longer a nation and our towns are no longer communities. Over the years our society has devolved as people have given up their sense of community, replacing it with misguided individualism—and locked doors.
Aside from tragic events, such as 9*11, there no longer is national pride in the U.S.
Lines drawn on a map do not define a Nation or a community. Community involves intangible components, and requires the idea of selflessness. People of a community relate to the others in their community not based on locality, but on shared beliefs and interests, shared languages and cultures, and a sense of brotherhood and friendship. These qualities have rapidly diminished in the U.S.
People have forgotten the time when they knew all of their neighbors; an age when people took a sincere interest in the lives of the others in their community; a time when our policemen
were guardians, not enforcers; a time when wealth was not the measure of success, only a consequence of it.
Can we point our finger at a single cause of the moral and cultural decay of our country? Unfortunately, the answer is no. Concepts such as “diversity,” “tolerance,”	“forced
integration,” “materialism,” and many others, have contributed. Brotherhood, kinship, honor, integrity, pride, and accountability have all but vanished. We live in a state of constant fear—and constant scrutiny. We have come to live with fear as we have been surrounded by alien people and their cultures. We have learned to mind our own business rather than to speak our mind.
We watch “minority group” after “minority group” constantly assert their heritage. We fear the fact that our society deems people with beliefs such as ours more dangerous than base criminals when our only crime is a desire to reclaim the sense of community we once shared.
If there is a breaking point among men, it has yet to occur. We have not, yet, been pushed to our limits as a race. We may never be, as we fail to draw a line, in an illogical spiral of self* destruction. What is your limit? When will you stand up and be counted, not as a bigot or a hater, but as a person of integrity, a person that can see the damage this disease called “diversity” has wrought on us?
Some of you may remember a time when your mom would send you next door to borrow a cup of sugar, when we knocked on doors out of respect and courtesy, even though we knew they were unlocked; a time when you knew everyone who lived on
your street and you were welcome at any time; a time when we didn’t need security guards or metal detectors in our schools; a time when we could choose with whom we associated and interacted. These are the memories 1 have.
Our children and our people should not have to live in fear, and we should not have to acquiesce to the demands of so-called “minorities,” when we know they will only grow in the coming years. They will not be satisfied until they have broken our spirit completely, until the very idea of community is no more than a pipe dream of a dying generation. We have a duty to each other to prevent this from happening. We have a duty to rebuild our communities and to return to a nation of integrity and pride. While it may be too late, while we may be too few, we must make every effort possible. For the somber reality is, if we do not fight, we will all be kneeling down naked in a cold soccer field waiting to be shot.
Signed, Ken Lagret,
Connecticut,
United States of America
Black community is national: Rev. Al Sharpton arrived In Cincinnati just after the riots began to slow, and he poured more fuel on the fire. Virtually all the national-level Black leaders came to Cincinnati to support the local "protestors.”
O 2003»Natiof^^^j
White Community: Lewiston, Maine
Efforts are being made to reawaken the sense of White community, and to help White communities threatened by immigrant invasion and Jewish corruption of their leadership. One such town is nearly-all-White Lewiston, Maine, recently selected by our would-be masters for the establishment of a large colony of thousands of Black Moslem invaders from Somalia. The sudden influx has put such a strain on the town that even its mayor has asked the Somali community to somehow slow the tide. The National Alliance has been meeting with citizens on the streets of Lewiston, and we are spearheading an educational effort to help the White people there understand why this is happening to them. National Alliance members in New England recently published an Open Letter to the White men and women of Lewiston, and I’ll share that with you now:
Dear fellow White people:
Did you know that there is a deliberate campaign to corrupt and pollute the Whitest areas of America as quickly as possible? What’s happening in your state is an excellent example of this. One of the Whitest states in the country, Maine is looked upon with undisguised hatred by the multicultural planners and diversity-mongers of New York and Washington. From their point of view, Maine, with less than four percent minorities, is far too White. They say: “Something really has to be done about Maine.” And so they’re doing it, with the help of corrupt, anti-White elements in the statehouse, in the Christian churches, in big business, and in the media.
Yes, a campaign has been launched to bring even more non-Whites into Maine and other areas of New England. Recruiting teams have been sent to Africa to persuade Blacks to move here. Non-Whites are even being recruited in Mexico and Vietnam, and they too will be brought here as government-approved immigrants. To gear up for the new
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 I $40/Year
arrivals state, local, and federal agencies are pumping money into a number of special programs designed to facilitate the process of multiculturalization.
One such program provides extensive training on how to take full advantage of every possible government handout: at federal, state, and local levels. Another program teaches the new arrivals how to play the “race card” to full advantage. This involves crying “hate crime” at the drop of a hat. The people in charge of teaching the non-Whites how to milk our system, and how to keep us on the defensive, have been feeding off of their “Goyim” hosts for centuries. This particular ethnic group has been living as a minority in another people’s countries for so many generations that it has altered their genes, transforming them into nature’s most sophisticated parasites.
Omar Jamal is one of the leaders of the Somali community in the U.S. Like the Blacks’ Jessie Jackson and the Jews’ Abe Foxman, Jamal never passes up the chance to declare his people a victim and a group deserving special treatment. Recently he has been active in Seattle, Portland, Minneapolis, and Lewiston, Maine.
These “super parasites” are unable to stop themselves: it’s in the blood.
Governor King and Maine’s other politicians justify this plan to racially pollute Maine with the argument that the population isn’t growing fast enough through natural increase. Without a faster growth in population, claim the multiculturalizers, the economy will be hurt. Thus the absurd pretense is made that there will be no one to do essential jobs. Be assured: The people pushing this scheme onto the gullible White public don’t really care about the economy or the long-range harm this program will do to the people and culture of Maine and New England. For them the scheme is simply a trick to get as many non-Whites as possible mixed in with the White population as quickly as possible. They believe that, once they have done the mixing, it will be too difficult—too bloody—a task for us to unmix what they have mixed.
Here in the Lewiston/Auburn area the sudden damage done to the community by the Somali invasion has shocked some White residents, including the mayor, into fighting back. The multiculturalists have responded by bringing their road show to town, proclaiming that Lewiston is a wonderful example of how a diverse group of people can live and work together. The multiculturalists denounced the mayor, who doesn’t want to go along with the continued destruction of Lewiston, as a “racist” and a “bigot.” With some Christian clergy and the media noisily on their side and the big businessmen providing support from behind the scenes, the multiculturalists have been moderately successful at shouting down the dissidents.
We understand that this is just media spin, and that the Mayor is not alone. Many of you feel overwhelmed and powerless in this horrible situation. Your town has been stolen from you. Just a year ago everyone you met on the sidewalk or in the local convenience store was your neighbor, someone with whom you had
FREE SPEECH for December 2002	5
gone to school, someone with whom you shared values and traditions. Now what you see are arrogant Muslim fundamentalists thumbing their noses at you and talking to each other in a strange language. Soon you will see Mexicans and Vietnamese lounging against your lampposts and jabbering at one another in other strange languages. And you'll see your schools, which used to be entirely White, swamped with dusky aliens. You’ll have gangs and organized crime and all that it implies.
Why is this happening? Why are some people hell bent on destroying White areas like Lewiston? Why aren’t they satisfied with what they have done to California and to the big cities of the East? Why do they want to make the whole country look like New Jersey and New York? Why do they deliberately try to destroy all-White communities such as Lewiston?
To help explain why, here are a few words written by Professor Earl Raab of Brandeis University’s Institute for Jewish Advocacy:
The Census Bureau has just reported that about half of the American population will soon be non-white or non-European. And they will all be American citizens. We have tipped beyond the point where a Nazi-Aryan party will be able to prevail in this country.
We have been nourishing the American climate of opposition to ethnic bigotry for about half a century. That climate has not yet been perfected, but the heterogeneous nature of our population tends to make it irreversible.
In plain language. Professor Raab is boasting that he and his fellow Jews have changed the immigration laws—and prevented the government from enforcing what immigration laws we still have—in order to make the American population more heterogeneous, or, to use the more familiar term, more diverse. When he says that a “Nazi-Aryan party” can never prevail, what he means is that a party that represents the interests of White people can never be elected in the new America that he and his fellow Jews have been creating.
Their goal is to make Whites a minority in their own country so that Whites can never combine against Jews and regain control of their own destiny. You can read more of Professor Raab’s sinister scheming in a book called Alien Nation, by Peter Brimelow.
Professor Raab and his fellow Jews aim not only at eliminating the White majority in the country as a whole, but also at polluting and corrupting every White area inside the country, so there will be no one capable of organizing an effective opposition to the Jews. Then Jews will be the only racially conscious group still able to wield power.
What the Jews have done to Lewiston and are busy doing to the rest of Maine is just one step in their scheme for implementing a Final Solution to the White problem. This Final Solution is not being implemented with concentration camps and gas chambers, but with bought politicians, with corrupt preachers, and above all with television and other mass media. It is being implemented by flooding the country—and every White area inside the country—with non-Whites and by encouraging miscegenation (intermarriage).
It is being implemented through programs aimed at increasing diversity. It is being implemented by deceiving and brainwashing White people to collaborate in their own dispossession and destruction.
The hour for our people is late indeed—but it’s still not too late. It’s still not too late to fight back. The National Alliance has planted its flag in Lewiston. Join the fight. Contact us requesting membership information.
Sincerely,
The New England Membership
of the National Alliance
There is still a chance for us. Whites are still a majority in America, particularly a majority of brains and ability. If just a few hundred thousand of us can organize ourselves and believe in ourselves again, we can still prevail.
We at the National Alliance are already part of the way toward that goal.
The Jews know that their coh
community thrives in “dj^S
countries. In their own word? 1
“Jews, perhaps more than an 1 ethnic or religious minority thath * immigrated to these shores, havI benefited from the country# openness, egalitarianism, and!
social heterogeneity. This unusually good fit... has as much to do with the exceptionalism of
the Jewish people as with that of i America.
from the Jews and the New American Scene by Seymour M. Lipset and Earl Raab
We at the National Alliance are building a new community that may well be the last chance for Whites. We are meeting— not just on the Internet but in real life. We are standing up in Washington and in towns like Lewiston, Maine where White people are threatened. We are speaking out on campus. We are bringing the facts of our dispossession to the attention of hundreds of thousands every week on the radio, in print, and through massive public literature distributions, the most recent of which reached over 130,000 in a few days. We are holding regular local meetings and social events in cities across the country. We care about each other and we help each other. We are legal; we are open about what we do; and we are right. Will you help us in this necessary task? I am asking you join us in this, the greatest adventure of our time and quite possibly of all time: the survival and advancement of our people. We will begin by building again what previous generations foolishly gave away: a racially conscious White community. KAS
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “White Community” aired on November 2 and 11 2002. * —
© 2003 • National Vanguard
B
White Community: Part 2
The following is a speech given by Kevin Alfred Strom to a Georgia unit of the National Alliance.
Fellow members of the National Alliance, ladies and gentlemen: I thank you for the honor of being with you here today. As my wife and I were driving through the countryside of north Georgia on our way to see you, the hills were a riot of Autumn leaves. And it occurred to me that nations are like leaves: they change color before they die. That’s what’s happening to our nation.
Of course, “color” is the way in which many people think about racial questions, but those of us here today know that color is not too important in itself. It is a mark. It is a symbol. The American eagle is not the kind of creature he is because he has white feathers on his noble head. He has his snowy feathers because of the kind of creature he is, because of his genetic inheritance. And it is that genetic inheritance that also gives him his all-encompassing eye, his ability to soar above the clouds and strike like lightning,
An American bald eagle screams to all a warning to stay away from its nest. This great bird builds its own nest and protects and nourishes its own offspring.
his loyalty to his mate and their offspring, and everything else that makes an eagle an eagle. The white head of the American eagle is just one expression of the infinitely complex gene-pattern that defines and makes that creature. It is one mark by which we know him. We know that when we see another mark, such as that of the brown-headed cowbird, that we are dealing with a very different kind of creature, with different behaviors, different abilities, different survival strategies, and a separate destiny.
So it is with our color, our Whiteness. It is just one mark of who we are. When I say our nations are changing color, I mean that the people who founded those nations are dying off; I mean that the entire gene-pattern that made our civilization possible is being destroyed—destroyed by sterility and childlessness, by planned invasion of our ancient homelands, and by racial mixing—which is a form of genocide every bit as effective as the inhalation of hydrocyanic gas.
What are we, besides White? By our own standards, we are beautiful and noble. There is an indefinable something—almost a divinity—in Aryan faces, as if we were seeing a glimpse of the future as we look into each other’s eyes and into the eyes of our precious children. That “look” has been captured again and again by the great artists of our race, and it is also, sadly, exploited by cynical media Jews who use the “look” of noble White men and women in their advertisements to sell us junk or in their films to sell us death.
We are also creatively intelligent, in ways that standard IQ tests cannot yet adequately measure. The verdict of those tests indicates that Jews and Asians should have contributed to science and civilization at least as much as Whites, but history does not bear that out. The questing spirit of Western man, from the ancient Greeks to us, has propelled us to explore and discover the farthest reaches of our planet, to seek outward to the most distant galaxies, to seek inward to understand the double helix of our DNA,
to seek within the building blocks of matter to understand the nature of reality, and to search beyond the bounds of time itself to understand the beginning of existence and the possible future of the cosmos. No race can match us.
But despite our intelligence and creativity, despite the shared sense of beauty which should bond us together, despite the great flowering of technology and civilization that our race alone made
The brown-headed cowbird is considered a brood parasite. It does not build its own nest but lays its eggs in the active nest of another bird. The cowbird often removes an egg from the host’s nest before it lays its own, and it lays up to 40 eggs in a season. The host bird is left to protect and rear the young of the parasitic cowbird. Below is a lark’s nest, which contains only three of the lark’s light-colored eggs and four of the brown eggs of the brownheaded cowbird.
FREE SPEECH for Docombdr 2002	7
possible, we are losing. We are almost to
the wall. Why?
One of the main reasons for our acquiescence in our own destruction is a loss of a sense of community among Whites. When I see this meeting hall, when 1 see the sacrifices made by its builder and his family, and when I see the great-hearted efforts of the Alliance members who helped him make this Unit possible, 1 am given a sense of hope. I see a growing sense of community. There are millions of White people in Georgia, and hundreds of millions of White people in North America, so we may be tempted to see this Unit and even the Alliance itself as very small and insignificant. But I remind you that both Rome and Greece were founded by numerically small tribes that grew to dominate and to change the face of the Earth. And that is what we intend to do also. Our Alliance is like the first sprout from a tiny seed. That small plant will grow, if we tend it and protect it and nurture it and weed the land around it. That seed will grow into a giant redwood under whose protecting branches generations of our children and our children’s children will prosper and conquer and expand, perhaps even beyond this planet.
I asked the coordinator of this Unit how long his unit had been in existence, and his answer was just two years. Two years ago he began holding meetings with only one other member present. Now his monthly meetings typically have between thirty and one hundred attendees, a growth of more than thirty times. Can you imagine the success of this unit once you recruit thirty times as many members as you see here today? Or even ten times as many? If we can partly emulate this success and build our National Alliance community to ten times its present size, imagine what we could do nationally. And that, my friends, is an attainable goal.
One thing we need to do to build a better sense of community is to stop hiding.
The Internet has been a great boon for us, in that it is, so far, mostly uncensored and it therefore allows us to bypass the controlled media and present our views and ideas as they really are, instead of through the distorted lens of the Jews. But the Internet allows
anonymity, and anonymity is not an unmixed blessing. I don’t want to discourage anyone from speaking out. And I also don’t want you to get me wrong; many people who are anonymous on the Internet have written and contributed a great deal. I like and admire them, and I salute their activism. But so many White people appear on the ‘Net sporting such monikers as “Whitepower” or “Vikingberserker” or whatnot that it gives the impression that we are a group of people who are ashamed of using our real names. It suggests that we are doing something “bad” or illegal or shameful, and that we therefore need to conceal our identities. Balderdash! We are open about what we do; we are legal; we are right.
All those who can use their real names should do so. It adds the same kind of weight to your words as did the signatures of the men who signed the Declaration of Independence. It encourages others to speak out and add their good names and reputations to our cause. Let me give you an example. Dr. Robert Griffin, the professor at the University of Vermont who wrote The Fame of a Dead Man s Deeds, has agreed to write for National Vanguard magazine and will do so under his real name. As more and more people of good repute and accomplishments do so, eventually the power of the Jews to smear and fire and intimidate will weaken—and that is exactly the kind of breakthrough we need. The time is right for this, since even those on the political Left are daring to speak out against the former sacred cows: Jews, Zionism, and Israel. The Jews have a many-fironted war going on, and we can use the division of their strength to build ours.
I know that some of you truly cannot use your real names, because your position within the gates of the establishment is too important, and the intelligence and influence and/or money you give us are too important to be risked. To those of you who must use a nom de guerre, I ask you to consider using one that sounds like an ordinary name. Thus you will not contribute to the impression that we are hiding, even if you must do
so for the time being.
Showing the world that we are not
hiding will also reduce the number of
defective people who are attracted
a
s
3
If
attract, the fewer troubles the rest of
cause, those who actually lifc j?1 induced image of the “nazi hatef^’ wants to machine-gun children andto^ innocents. The fewer of those peopj^
will have with the law, and the fewer y news stories there will be to blacken ^ image among decent Whites.
There are some on the Internet wh^ main function seems to be to generate gossip and attack good men and women on our side with unsubstantiated rumon or outright lies. Some of the “free speech* forums on the ‘Net, even those that have been largely supportive of the Alliance, have been guilty of repeating some of this nonsense, and I sincerely wish they would exercise more caution in this regard. 1 would ask all of you to be cautious, and when a self-proclaimed “racialist,” no matter how talented a writer he seems to be, no matter how much he entertains you and skewers the Jews with his pen, devotes a large percentage of his output to attacking others on the racialist side— I urge you to be aware that you may be dealing with a disinformation agent. As we become more successful, such disinformation agents will appear more often. It is probably impossible for us to tell if such persons are funded by the enemy or if they are merely rancorous and petty egotists by nature. It really doesn’t matter. We shouldn’t waste much time
attacking them back, or sparring with them. But once they are exposed for what they are—divisive forces fighting against our racially aware community—they should be shunned.
Another trend that seriously impairs the growth of our community is misogyny, or an anti-woman attitude. The Jews often portray us this way and some of us seem to want to confirm it. The Jews, in effect, claim that we want to chain White women to the stove or the bed, depending on their talents.
Let me tell you something. A real community has roots. A real community has children that are raised in the community’s values. A real community has more than just leaders and warriors, though we surely need leaders and warriors. A real community, in a word, has WOMEN.
8 FREE SPEECH for December 2002
<g> 2003 • National Vanguard Books
It is very frustrating being a racially aware man in the madhouse that America and the West have become today. What has been done to brainwash our women into feminism and miscegenation is a crime for which no punishment would be severe enough.
But railing against the flaws of women has made them easy marks for this brainwashing. Telling women that they are inferior, or fit only for the entertainment of warriors, WILL NOT WIN THEM OVER. We are not believers in “equality.” White men and White women are different. White men and White women are like the roots and the petals of a flower—remove either one and the flower is dead. Both are essential. We cannot live without each other. We must not make propaganda that alienates women, especially since there is no need to do this. We need to make our outreach materials, our gatherings, and our community woman-and-child-and-family friendly. We need to eschew propaganda that shows women as cheap sex objects. We can promote art and literature that extols the beauty of our bodies in a dignified way and emphasizes the unity of love, sex, family, children, nation, and race. As a very wise woman told me— bring in more women, and the men will flock to your cause. We need to think about this in everything we do.
We can draw inspiration from our ancestors. Just a few generations ago, in the years immediately after the first American revolution, the Appalachian Mountains represented the frontier, beyond which lay the lands of savages and hostile kings. The people of these mountains and river valleys lived lives of incredible hardship, in which the most rigorous self-discipline, self-sacrifice, and hard work imaginable were necessary just to survive. And added to that were the depredations of the Indians, who killed men and women and children alike, and made no distinction between combatants and civilians. Even after the victory of the Revolutionary War, the Indian Wars raged for decades, and the tribes were often encouraged and armed by hostile European powers. Settlements in Ohio, Western Virginia, Tennessee, and Georgia lived under a state of war that lasted some people’s entire lives. From
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
those times of trial and terror, we can read the character of the people who gave us birth.
Even women and children did not exempt themselves from the fight. In the Scioto Gazette, a newspaper of the time, it was said:
The people of the eastern states have very little realization of the hardships endured, or the many deeds of valor that have been performed by the noble women of our western frontier. Should the many incidents be gathered, in which our women and children suffered from the attacks of ruthless savages, they will fill volumes of history. Several of these have been published, in which a woman has wielded an axe, and split open the skull of a savage, with the intrepidity and the skill of a veteran knight in the days of feudalism.
During the Indian Wars, in 1782, Simon Girty, a renegade White who had allied himself with Indians, led a band of 500 savages against the settlement at Wheeling, West Virginia. The attack was sudden, but the families were able to reach the stockade in safety. But at length, their small provision of powder ran out, and they all feared for their lives. There was a keg of powder in a house in the town, and a brave young girl named Elizabeth Zane volunteered to make the trip from the stockade to the house under Indian fire. She was only sixteen. Her stealth, her small size, and her courage served her and the townspeople well, for she returned unharmed with the powder, saving the lives of all the people of Wheeling. Many Americans living today might never have been bom if not for her. We must believe, like Elizabeth Zane, that we can by our own actions determine our destiny, no matter how great the odds may seem. For if we give ourselves up to despair then and only then will there be no hope.
By building our racial community, the National Alliance, we will be doing justice to both the past and future generations of our race. The famous Western writer Zane Grey was a descendant of Colonel Ebenezer Zane, Elizabeth Zane’s brother. He expressed
HEROISM OF ELIZABETH ZANE.
Elizabeth Zane returns to the stockade after fetching a keg of badly needed gunpowder. Her action saved the pioneers who were battling 500 Indians led by White traitor Simon Girty
the same idea in his 1909 book, The Last Trail, when he said:
We should stop a moment to think of the heroes who have gone before ... we who worked, fought, bled beside them, who saw them die for those they left behind, will render them all justice, honor and love. To them we give the victory.
... They were true; then let us ... likewise be true in memory of them.
Nations are like leaves: they change color before they fall. The leaves fall and die, but all through the long snows of winter, the tree still lives. And in the fullness of time comes another spring, the tree comes to life again and all is renewed, even greater and more beautiful than before. The nations that fall, like Rome before us, are the dying leaves. The tree that ever returns to life is our race itself. The spirit of renewal is in our sense of community, is within our own souls. William Pierce was a part of that renewal. You are a part of that renewal. Let’s live
FREE SPEECH for December 2002	9
our lives with that in mind, and teach our children to do the same.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “White Community,” aired in two parts on November 2 and November 9,2002. A cassette recording of both broadcasts is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Born in 1741, Simon Girty spent his teen years a Seneca captive, and
he was adopted into that tribe. After b returned to his family, he becarri sought-after interpreter of in*a languages.	11
In 1778 during the Revolutionary War, The Americans arrested Girty fjl plotting the capture and massacre of F0r{ Pitt, but he was acquitted.
Thereafter Girty worked openly f0r the British in assisting Indians to attack I Whites. A brutal man, it apparently bothered him not at all to see the Indians torture Whites in the most hideous and prolonged manners.
After American independence he continued to work for years with the Indians in attacking White settlers who had crossed the Appalachians. His reign of terror on the frontier lasted from 1778 to 1794. After the defeat of the Indians, Simon Girty moved to Canada and died there in 1818.
U.S. Economy Is Collapsing at an Increasing Rate
The symptoms of an economic collapse are already here: a record U.S. trade deficit, a huge federal government budget deficit, and the partial collapse of the dollar.
Trade Deficit: The U.S. Is No Longer Competitive with Almost Any Country The trade deficit (for goods & services combined) for 2002 was a record of $435 billion up 21.5% from 2001. In previous years the only bright spot was our trade surplus in services, but it dove 28.6% and stood at a measly $49.1 billion in 2002. Our trade deficit in goods in 2002 was $484.4 billion. In 2002 for the first time in history, the U.S. became a net importer of food.
The U.S. trade deficit in 2002 with communist China was $103.5 billion. Other countries that took our dollars were Japan ($70.1 billion); Canada ($49.7 billion); Mexico $37.2 billion); and Germany ($35.8 billion). The U.S. even had trade deficits with the countries of the former Soviet Union, with Africa, and with South America. The only countries we had trade surpluses with in 2002 were Belgium, the Netherlands, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Egypt. The combined surplus of all of these was only $18.2 billion—less than half of our deficit with just Mexico, “deficit” means we are trading U.S. dollars, for foreign products. Foreigners now own trillions of U.S. dollars and are gaining $435 billion a year.
U.S. Budget Deficit. The federal budget deficit is $304 billion this year, and the
optimistic projection by the Bush administration for next year is a $307 billion deficit. And that is without the cost of the proposed Iraq War. The deficit is due to drunken, reckless spending: including such damaging farces as: affirmative action, foreign aid, international AIDS programs, massive federal police agencies, etc. The Iraq war may result in a cost of $50 billion just for extortion-like payments to a dozen or more U.S. “allies,” especially Israel and her only ally in the region, Turkey.
Collapse of the Dollar. The dollar has lost 20% of its value relative to the Euro. Foreigners do not want or trust our money as much as they used to. They don’t hold many greenbacks; they hold U.S. Treasury securities. And to get foreigners to take them may require the U.S. to raise interest rates drastically.
Inflation Looms Like a Vulture. Inflation has been temporarily held down by Greenspan’s low interest rates (which really means loaning money to the banks at abysmally low interest rates). This has also been fueling the economy in a Keynesian sense.
The Jews that run the U.S. economy are split in their forecast for inflation. Some say that our economy is too sick to have any significant inflation. Others say inflation is coming; they see stagflation—a stagnant economy with inflation.
Our politicians have done the parasites’ bidding, and the last stage of parasitism looms. That last stage is decline and death of the host. At best you can look forward to recession and inflation, and at worse depression and hyperinflation.
How Long Until the Economic Collapse? Predicting the timing of the coming disaster is impossible. The U.S. may have a few months; more likely it will have a few years. Watch the inflation rate; more importantly, watch the political rhetoric. As the politicians and parasites begin to sense the destruction of the host, they will begin to fight among themselves, which will further lower the host’s confidence, speeding the dying process.
What this Means to You. Readers should become as Spartan as possible, cutting out all unnecessary spending and treating their job as their most treasured, material possession. Hard work and frugality are what set Whites apart from non-Whites and from Whites who act like non-Whites.
If our race is to survive, out of the death of the host, a new White nation must rise, a new White America—one that ejects the politicians and parasites and develops immunity to their disease. This means you must commit more of your resourses to the fight, to Our Cause. We need you to recruit more patriots and we need your money; we need them both now. If you wait until the collapse of the economy before you act, it will be too late.
© 2003 • National Vanguard Books
In Our Own Hands
The System offers only false hopes. Like our ancestors before us, who built a great civilization in a savage wilderness, we must take our future in our own hands and act. That’s the purpose of the National Alliance.
In South Africa, many Whites trusted the system, they trusted the “democratic process” and now they are dead and dying, their civilization in ruins and their children condemned to live in horror. In 1994, they believed the blandishments of the Jewish media there, and they voted for a new constitution giving control of their society to Blacks. With the Jews orchestrating international pressure on the former White government, virtually the same thing happened in nearby Zimbabwe.
Now South African Whites live in daily fear of death. White farmers are brutally murdered with impunity by roving gangs of Blacks. All kinds of crimes are totally out of control. The AIDS infection rate is skyrocketing, and recently that sad country earned the
82-Year-Old White Woman Gang-Raped and Murdered in South Africa
Police Captain Nomazwi Nkombisa says nothing was stolen when 82-year-old Madge Fergusson was gang-raped and murdered by three Blacks in Grahamstown in the eastern Cape of South Africa. This White woman was savagely beaten with fists and died in the hospital three days later.
What happens every day in South Africa is happening more frequently in America. We must take our future in our own hands and not allow the “conservative” leaders that the System premits to offer us false hope and to lead us to destruction.
dubious distinction of being the “child rape capital of the world.”
A few weeks ago, I detailed for you just a few of the horrible murders of White farmers taking place in South Africa and Zimbabwe. Just last weekend a 29-year-old British woman visiting South Africa was abducted by four Blacks at a scenic overlook. She and her companion were bound, and she was viciously gang-raped—several times by each of the four Blacks—for more than 14 hours before a chance accident released them. Her companion was stabbed and a passing motorist who stopped to help was shot dead. [South African Broadcasting Corporation, November 18, 2002] That young White woman is very lucky to be alive. Many are not so lucky.
Such as, for example, the children who are victims of the increasingly common practice of child rape in South Africa. As HIV infection spirals out of control in that unhappy land, the already savage nature of the Blacks there is augmented by the superstition that sexual intercourse with a virgin can prevent or cure the disease—and children of increasingly tender age become the victims of forced sex on a mass scale. In just one trauma center in a rural area of the northern Limpopo province of South Africa, no fewer than 289 children were reported to have been raped in one year— almost one a day. And I emphasize that these are just the cases that are reported, and are so severe that the children require treatment in a trauma center. [South African Sunday Times, November 17, 2002] Some of these rapes are so brutal as to be almost unbelievable to Whites. One two-year-old girl died after being sodomized so viciously that the doctors could literally look into her body and see her internal organs through the gaping wounds. And what about the actions of the new “democratic” South African government in the case—and the competence of the officials to whom the case was reported? Listen to this:
Her attacker was never brought to justice after a policeman examined her corpse and allegedly decided that ‘nothing was wrong’...
Her anus and rectum were so severely injured and stretched that medical staff could literally see inside her body. Her buttocks were going septic.
That is, they were literally rotting off her body. The newspaper report continues: “Twelve days ago an inquest ... found that the death was not the result of an offence by any person.” [Iafrica News, November 17, 2002] The police reported that “nothing was wrong”! The inquest concluded that the death was “not the result of an offence by any person”! Unbelievable.
There is literally an orgy of child rape in Black South Africa, yet this is not an issue in the Jewish-controlled media. When Whites ruled South Africa, this kind of savage behavior was not permitted, yet the same media screamed bloody murder for decades merely because South Africa was run by civilized White men. That was an outrage that had to be stopped.
And so the Whites in Southern Africa—and the Whites in other countries that put pressure on South Africa— decided to trust in the System, to trust in the “democratic process” that guarantees that we Whites will no longer have control
South Africans Have Sex With Goats to Avoid AIDS
Blacks in the Nzhelele Valley in the Northern Province are having sex with goats to avoid getting AIDS. The NSPCA, a South African animal protection society, says an education program is necessary to prevent this abomination and to remind perpetrators that bestiality is illegal. Two Black males have already been convicted of bestiality with goats.
FREE SPEECH for December 2002	11
without the approval of the Somalis, and yet another White community will lose control of its own future.
When the nearly all-White state of Maine can be invaded and its people disenfranchised by the faster-growing biomass of alien peoples, the time has come to realize that White people can no longer flee. The suburbs, like the darkening suburbs of Washington DC and New York, are no longer White havens. The System sends thousands upon thousands of Mexicans to little towns in rural Georgia and Iowa, and Somalis to Rochester, Minnesota, and Lewiston, Maine. There is no more frontier. There is no more Old White America still alive out there, like a preserved Norman Rockwell painting, on the fringes of America. Even that is gone. There is nowhere to run, nowhere to hide, no place where you can pretend it isn’t happening. Soon America—the America you are bequeathing to your children—will be a pit of savagery and death like South Africa and Zimbabwe are today.
The time has come for a serious resistance to the genocide of Whites. The time has come for the National Alliance.
Our Alliance is growing, but we must grow even faster to succeed in our mission, and we are concentrating our efforts on reaching our fellow Whites and building new communities of mutual trust, understanding, and solidarity. We are building a New Consciousness of our common identity and our common plight. And we are, as they say today, “networking” our skills and resources and helping each other.
One of the greatest dangers for our race, though, has nothing to do with the obvious savagery and criminality of the lower races. The terrible danger is that we will succumb to one of the cleverest and most dangerous strategies of the enemy—that of holding out false hopes for us.
That is what the Jewish media did in Zimbabwe and South Africa. They held out the hope that if the Whites just supported the more “moderate” and “reasonable” political parties, they could preserve their heritage while at the same time being “fair” to Blacks—“fair” being defined as one-human/one-vote “democracy” and an end to any exclusive
communities or workplaces or schools for White people. In South Africa, the ruling White party, the National Party, was coopted and used primarily as a vehicle for moving the White voters along the garden path of giving up control of their own future, by holding out false hope after false hope—and the majority of Whites fell for it, and for all practical purposes handed the savages and Jews their bound and gagged children on a silver platter.
In America, the Jews who have engineered our genocide know that some Whites are waking up. They know that some Whites are frightened by the
“Our country can get along just fine 90% non-White.”
—David Horowitz
David Horowitz is one of the “conservatives” that the System uses to offer false hopes to angry Whites. He distracts attention and resources from real action that could save us. His hero is the despicable reprobate Martin Luther King. Horowitz’s goal is to destroy the White race by total racemixing. The System offers many of these saboteurs; don’t trust any of them. Anyone who gets his books published by the major publishing houses or gets airtime on the mainstream media is part of the System, part of the problem, and your enemy.
increasingly Africanized culture and brutal behavior that are becoming the norms in America today. The Jews know that many White Americans are outraged by the anti-White discrimination that is rampant in the government and educational and business worlds today. And the Jews don’t want that awakening giant—the 140 million or so Whites in this country—to do anything to harm Jews. And they know that a growing percentage of White men and women are not fooled by their media lies about racial “equality”—and will not ever be fooled by those lies. And the Jews, more than anybody else, even more than White Nationalists, know that it has been Jews who have been behind the push for a darkening, multiracial America. They don’t want the awakening giant to hold them responsible for their crime of genocide against White Americans.
So, since the lies of “equality” won’t work, they have only one choice: Offer part of the truth to us, co-opt and misdirect White dissent against the system, and create Jew-safe outlets—and even institutions—for angry Whites. In short, their answer to the unanswerable is to offer us false hopes. And they will make those false hopes look very bright and promising indeed in an attempt to woo us away from the real White resistance— the National Alliance—and sidetrack us into impressive-sounding but futile deadends, complaining clubs for Whites which will never go anywhere because the people at the top designed them specifically to go nowhere.
In fact, some of these false hopes go so far as to continue programming White Americans for death even while they pretend to be fighting for White interests.
Let’s look at the very interesting case of David Horowitz. David Horowitz is the prolific author of the books Destructive Generation, Radical Son, and Hating Whitey, and he is the principal force behind Front Page Magazine. David Horowitz is a clever writer. David Horowitz is media- and Intemet-sawy. David Horowitz is a former leftist radical turned “conservative leader.” David Horowitz is a Jew. Most importantly of all, David Horowitz has heavily promoted false hope for Whites.
David Horowitz says many of the things that White Americans are longing
12 FREE SPEECH for December 2002
to hear. He exposes the anti-White agenda of the radical left. He actually got a book called Hating Whitey distributed in major national chain bookstores. He amassed quite a bit of alarming evidence of anti-White hate among Blacks, Mexicans, and others—and he published it. He decries the anti-White racial favoritism in the academy and the bureaucracy today. And David Horowitz gets major “face time” on television news networks, while leaders of the real White resistance do not. He is held out as a beacon of hope for fed-up White Americans, who, once they contact him, are urged to buy his books, read his daily bulletins and articles, and support his campaigns. “Finally,” the exasperated White man or woman exclaims, “there’s somebody fighting the anti-White power structure in America! Hallelujah!”
But look again. What is David Horowitz’s solution to the problems facing Whites today? (Of course, it goes without saying that Horowitz fails to name the Jew when even describing the problem.) David Horowitz says that what we really need to do is follow the advice of his hero Martin Luther King and construct a “truly color-blind society,” and only then can we have True Democracy, which will be “fair to everyone,” including, presumably, even Whites. We must abandon what he calls “identity politics” because people identifying with their own race and caring about their own people is the cause of all this hatred, don’t you see?
Let me give you some quotes from this brilliant Hebrew avatar of White rights and his fellow Jewish helpers at FrontPageMag.com:
Horowitz was quoted recently on Vanguard News Network as saying “Our country can get along just fine 90% non-White.” Yes, David, the Blacks and the Mexicans and the Moslems are going to absorb your “everybody’s equal so let’s be nice” fantasy just like Whites did, and Everytown, USA will be just the same as ever when Muhammad X is mayor and former Crips and Bloods run law enforcement.
Jamie Glazov, one of Horowitz’s Jewish columnists for Front Page Magazine, stated:
“I have always been inspired and moved by inter-racial mating.”
—Jamie Glazov
Jamie Glazov, one of the Jewish columnists for Front Page Magazine, apparently hates Whites and everything they stand for. The Mulatto [half White and half Black] is what he hopes is America’s future.
My own personal nightmare is to be stuck living in a homogeneous society. ... Few things frighten me more than the thought of being stuck in a room consisting only of WASPs who talk in monotone voices about stocks and golf.
I couldn’t imagine life without multiculturalism. ... For instance,
I have always been inspired and moved by inter-racial mating, and especially by the reality of the offspring that is produced by it. I have always enjoyed seeing a white woman with a black man, or a black woman with a white man. There is something beautiful about this reality to me. And aside from my personal bias in believing that Mulatto offspring are physically among the most beautiful looking people in the world, I see something inspiring to the human spirit when all different colors and races mix through interracial marriage and mating.
I rest my case. Horowitz and his Front Page Magagzine are a false hope, a dead end, a Pied Piper of death for Whites, just as much as the leftists they decry. Their solution is more racemixing, more genocide of Whites, more of the same. (Of course, it’s no surprise that
Horowitz leads his gullible White followers to support something he calls the “Defense of Israel Campaign.”)
Another false hope is columnist Michelle Malkin, who has been getting a big buildup from the “conservative” establishment these days. Michelle Malkin jumped up and down and shouted “hypocrisy” when the Wichita Massacre was being covered up by the big networks, and when hate crime charges weren’t filed against the savage Negro murderers. Michelle Malkin follows in the footsteps of Horowitz, and often exposes anti-White attitudes among the cultural and academic elite, and she says the same things that many Whites are too afraid of being called a ‘racist’ to say about immigration and anti-White discrimination. And she’s a good writer. I’ve even seen her pieces quoted by White Nationalists on forums and discussion lists, mostly by people who don’t know her background. She’s often on the cutting edge of developing news stories when White interests are involved. Just who is this young woman who seems to have come out of nowhere to defend the West and stand up against anti-White politicians and pundits?
She’s a Filipina (Filipino female), married to someone named Malkin, ethnicity unknown. Though you may see her column printed in many papers and other publications, she writes mainly for something called Jewish World Review with whom she also has a distribution deal for her best-selling book Invasion, which sets forth in eloquent detail the disastrous consequences of America’s “open borders” immigration policy, from rampant crime to terror attacks. But could the answer to that disaster be a new racial consciousness among Whites, a rediscovery of the values of White community, and a return to sane immigration policies based on race? No—of course not. Michelle Malkin’s answer to anti-White attitudes and unassimilable aliens is the same as Horowitz’s: abandon “identity politics.” And what would one expect from racemixing Filipina Malkin, getting the million-dollar career boost from Jewish World Review. Sorry, folks, you’ve been taken to the cleaners again. Another false hope. You’ve been skewered by the Jews.
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
FREE SPEECH for December 2002	13
When are you going to stop taking it and do something about it?
And if you still think that mainstream “conservatives” offer any hope for White America, you’re delusional. “Justice” Clarence Thomas, conservative “hero,” is a Black man married to a White woman. Republican Senator Mitch McConnell is married to a Taiwanese. Texas Republican Senator Phil Gramm is married to a Korean woman. Jeb Bush, the Republican
governor of Florida and the president’s brother, is married to a Mestiza. George P. Bush, 24, the president’s mixed-race nephew, publicly identifies as a Chicano, not a White, and stated recently, referring to La Raza, “we have to fight for our race.” Imagine a White relative of the president saying such a thing to a White audience. National Review writer John Derbyshire is married to a Chinese. New York Post editor and Buchanan campaign
Michelle Malkin is columnist for the Jewish World Today and is popular among “conservatives” who haven’t yet wised-up to her real agenda. If she didn’t do the bidding of the System and the Jews, she wouldn’t get published. She is a dark-skinned Filipino.
The same can be said for any of the other token “conservatives” the System allows: Rush Limbaugh, G. Gordon Liddy, Pat Robertson, etc. And the same can be said of “conservative” politicians like Don Nickles and Trent Lott. They either follow the multicultural agenda of the System, or the System disciplines them. Listen to any of them long enough and you’ll soon realize, they are not on your side. And you can be assured that the next “Great White Hope” that the System allows will be no better.
Jeb Bush, governor of Florida and the President’s brother, has paid part of the price for his racemixing marriage to a Mexican Mestiza. His son George P. Bush is a Mexican nationalist who believes in fighting for that race and for La Raza (La Raza means “The Race”). Jeb Bush’s daughter Noelle (pictured below) has had about a dozen traffic violations since 1995 and was arrested for prescription fraud in January 2002 for attempting to buy Xanax, a psychiatric drug illegally. Xanax is often mixed with the illegal party drug Ecstasy.

staffer Scott McConnell has a Eurasian wife. Are these the people who can save White America? They have proved their disloyalty to our people and to the nation we created. They offer no hope, only death.
The System offers only false hopes. Like our ancestors before us, who built a great civilization in a savage wilderness, we must take our future in our own hands and act. That’s the purpose of the National Alliance.
We’ve got to do it ourselves. Just like we had to clear the forests for our first farms in North America 400 years ago. Just like we had to secure an area free of Indian tribes so we could give our women and children a safe place to live and grow. No one is going to do that for us. No one presented as the “great White hope by the Jewish media is going to succeed in saving us, because the purpose of those false hopes is to waste our energy and time—and in the end, kill us. The National Alliance represents the real White resistance. Accept no substitutes.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “In Our Own Hands,” aired on November 23, 2002. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
For decades Senator John Kerry claimed to be Irish. It s an advantage in Massachusetts politics; Kerry campaign staffers even wore large shamrocks. Now Kerry is running for president and he says he’s a Jew with zero Irish blood. He’s going after the big money and political power of the Jews.
© 2003 • National Vanguard Books
White Zion
William L. Pierce Speaks on the National Alliance’s Strategy
and Its Parallels with Jewish Strategy
Part 1: Jewish Survival Strategies
INTRODUCTION By Kevin Alfred Strom
This article is something unique—something that has not seen the light of day for over 18 years. It’s a speech by the founder of the National Alliance, Dr. William Pierce, entitled “White Zion.” It was given originally at the national convention of the Alliance in Arlington, Virginia in 1984. The first part is subtitled “Jewish Survival Strategies,” and it’s a lively and amusing history of the singular “dual mode of existence” that has proved to be the secret of the Jews’ survival among hostile peoples for thousands of years, along with a frank assessment of how our own survival strategies— to the extent we Whites have had any at all—have fallen short.
About ten years ago, I was planning to release this speech as a part of the series of pro-White speeches. But Dr. Pierce said “no.” He said that the time wasn’t right for the public to hear this speech. The ideas he had expressed in it had not yet come to fruition, and people wouldn’t understand them. The predictions he had made were too far in the future.
But times have changed in ten years. Some of Dr. Pierce’s predictions have come true in spades. The lessons we can learn from studying Jewish survival strategies are more relevant than ever before. And the community that Dr. Pierce had just begun to build in West Virginia in 1984 has grown, and new Alliance communities are flowering all over this continent. And so the time is now right for White Zion.
Some 4,000 years ago, in certain parts of the world, there were nomadic tribes who made their living from their flocks of sheep and goats. They lived on goat’s milk and goat’s cheese; they killed and ate a sheep occasionally; they sheared their sheep for wool; they made sandals and wineskins and other utensils from their animals; and they followed their flocks from one place to another in search of grass as the seasons changed. The nomadic life was a hard life. And it was a life with no past and no future. There was nothing permanent in the lives of the people, except their way of life. They had no fixed habitations, no land to which they belonged—just land through which they passed with their flocks. They had no buildings, just their tents, so they had no architecture, no art, no literature. When someone died, he was buried on the spot and the tribe moved on. So they had no graves of their ancestors around them to remind them of a past, of a heritage, of an identity. They were tribes without roots. Only the present—the here and now—had any real meaning for these people.
There were towns and cities in this part of the world, but the nomads didn’t live in them. They had to keep moving to find grass for their herds. When they passed a town, they might trade some of their wool or a few goat skins for pottery or for metal tools or weapons. Then they would move on. And the various nomadic tribes also traded with one another.
Each of them was like a large extended family, headed by a patriarch, with his wives and his sons and his grandchildren, and their wives and so on—perhaps 200 to 300 individuals in a family. But all of these families or tribes remained quite similar in character, because not only was their environment
the same, but there was a continuing genetic interchange among them. They customarily raided each other for women, or in more amicable times they purchased brides from one another.
One tribe in particular was headed by a patriarch who was especially rapacious and unscrupulous.
But even in the best of times, some tribes didn’t get on well with the others. One tribe in particular was headed by a patriarch who was especially rapacious and unscrupulous. He began to acquire a reputation among the other tribes for dealing in diseased camels. The members of his tribe would customarily make their sheep drink as much water as they could hold, so they would appear fatter than they really were before trading them to some unsuspecting father in another tribe for his daughter. Eventually, this particular patriarch and his fellow tribesmen had such a bad reputation for crooked dealings that they could no longer even stop at towns to trade. The townspeople would see them coming, and would throw stones at them.
And, of course, since one bunch of nomads looked pretty much like any other bunch to the townspeople, this one tribe’s bad reputation began affecting all of the tribes. They were all likely to get stoned if they came near a town. And so the patriarchs of the other tribes got together and made a plan to gang up on the crooked one and fix his wagon good. They planned to get even with him for all of his cheating.
FREE SPEECH for December 2002	15
But old Abraham got word that they were coming. And so, in the middle of the night, he and his kinsmen folded their tents and stole away to the west. After a long trek, they ended in Egypt.
But in Egypt they persisted in the bad habits that old Abe had taught them. And so it wasn’t too long before their popularity among the Egyptians was pretty low. And the more the Egyptians disliked them, the more they hated the Egyptians in turn, and the more they felt justified in cheating the Egyptians. It was a self-reinforcing process: Jew cheats Egyptian—Egyptian finds chance to get back at Jew—Jew feels wronged and is more likely to cheat next Egyptian he meets, and so on. Eventually, the Egyptians were fed up with the process, and they ran the Jews out of the country.
So the Jews were still nomads, still on the move. They still had no past, other than a few oral legends, and no future. And in fact they were now worse off than before, because they had become so accustomed to cheating as a way of life and so disinclined to do the hard work involved in being a nomad, that the life rankled them as never before.
When they left Egypt, they headed northeast into the land of the Philistines and the Canaanites. They sent out spies ahead of the tribe to feel out the country and survey the possibilities for this tribe whose bad relations with the rest of the world had made it cautious and cagey. When the spies reported back that the hill country where the Canaanites lived was full of rich cities, and that the inhabitants seemed to be off their guard, the sons of Abraham decided to go for it. Now, I don’t need to go into all the details. You’ve all heard about how “Joshua fit de battle ob Jericho, Jericho, Jericho, Joshua fit de battle ob Jericho.” The outcome of it all was that the nomads acquired a ready-made homeland for themselves, and the whole course of their history changed in the most radical way as a result.
If they hadn’t stolen the Canaanites’ cities, and eventually the coastal plain belonging to the Palestinians as well—if they had instead remained nomads—then their destiny very likely would have been the same as that of the other nomadic tribes. As Abraham and his cheating faded
from memory, they gradually would have re-established their trading and wifeswapping contacts with other tribes. But in the cities of the Canaanites and the Palestinians, they acquired the art of writing, which others had developed. And with writing, they could for the first time hold on to their past. They could preserve their memories from generation to generation. They could more easily institutionalize the tricks of trade Abe had taught them. They could nurse the wrongs they imagined the world had done them, and they could fan the flames of their hatred by bringing out the holy books on special occasions and reciting everything that had happened to them. So not only their special trade tricks, and their hatreds, but also their sense of “us versus the world” became the basis for a religion that preserved all of these things.
And now they were living in one place all the time, instead of wandering with the seasons. So the land around them, and the events and people associated with it, began to acquire significance for them and to enter their racial memory through their religion, through their sacred writings, which more than anything else were a tribal history. Certain buildings and hills and streams gained emotional meaning for them over the course of generations, and added texture and detail to their concept of who they were. It was here in this stolen land that they really developed their sense of identity.
A few centuries later, the Romans began to feel about theJews the same way the Egyptians had felt.
Unfortunately, acquiring a past and a stronger sense of identity didn’t make this tribe any more lovable. And a few centuries later, the Romans began to feel about them the same way the Egyptians had felt. So the Romans finally lost their patience, and laid waste to the tribe, ran them off the land they had swiped from the Canaanites and the Palestinians, and dispersed them throughout the Middle East and elsewhere.
16 FREE SPEECH for December 2002
But the Jews were
different. They resisted being absorbed. They continued to nurse their hatreds. They clung to their past. They exalted in their notion that they were a special people, different from and superior to all others.
Now, for most people, such a calamity would have marked the end of their history. Their remnants, very soon, would have been absorbed by other peoples. But the Jews were different. They resisted being absorbed. They continued to nurse their hatreds. They clung to their past. They exalted in their notion that they were a special people, different from and superior to all others, even though they were spread among other peoples all over the world. And, for the most part, they maintained their identity—certainly better than anyone else ever has done under similar circumstances.
Part of the secret of their success is that they were different. The thousand years they spent in Palestine breeding among themselves had frozen a special kind of nastiness into their genes. And partly it was their religion, which ritualized their hatred of the world. But more than anything else, it was their strong sense of peoplehood, which was intimately tied up with the land that they had formerly occupied.
What held them together was the idea of Zion. Whether they lived in Poland or Italy or France or Morocco or America, they developed no spiritual roots in those places, no sense of loyalty or belonging or past. Their only roots were in Zion; their only loyalty and sense of belonging were to those with the same roots. Even though they had not been there physically for hundreds of years, the idea of a place to which they belonged provided a sense of unity and gave them the strength to resist forming any loyalties to the various places in which they were living.
© 2003 • Nationa^gTguartl Book
Very recently, of course, they were able to re-establish their physical presence in Palestine, and doing so gave them renewed strength. Even though most of them stayed where they were among various Gentile populations, the fact that they actually had their own turf in Palestine—a place to which they could run if they got in trouble, to be sure, but even more: a place on which they could focus their imaginations, their loyalty, their sense of belonging, even more strongly now that some of their kinsmen were actually there running the place— this fact gave them even greater self-confidence, greater arrogance and aggressiveness than they had when Zion was only an idea.
In addition to this psychological advantage, they now have also a real tactical advantage enjoyed by no other people: the advantage of being able to maintain a dual mode of existence, of being able to wage war against the world on two different fronts simultaneously. One front is the Diaspora. The other is Zion. If they were all in the Diaspora, they would eventually perish through absorption into the peoples around them. Even though they held out for many centuries in the past, the modem era has brought on a greatly increased rate of intermarriage nearly everywhere. In Zion, of course—in Israel—marriage with a non-Jew is illegal. So there they can preserve their genes and all of their cultural peculiarities. There they can resurrect their ancient language, which they couldn’t have done anywhere else. Israel gives them the ability to maintain the physical and cultural identity they had been losing rapidly since the Napoleonic Wars in the last century, when the walls of the ghettos came down everywhere in Western Europe. So in the modem world Zion has become even more essential to Jewish survival, by serving as a genetic and cultural repository, than it was in the Middle Ages where its value to the Jews was only psychological.
But if it were not for the Diaspora, the Jews couldn’t survive either. In particular, Israel couldn’t last six months if there were no Jews in America to control the minds of the goyim and to keep the politicians bought. Then there would be no American jets and tanks and
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
But if it were not for the Diaspora, the Jews couldn’t survive either. In particular, Israel couldn’t last six months.
napalm going to Israel to keep the Arabs in line. And so both the Diaspora and Zion are essential to the survival of the Jews.
Today the Jews have the best of both worlds. They live among us, milking and controlling us—but exposed to certain dangers in doing so. And they have their own exclusive turf, accessible only to them, where they can keep their secrets, preserve their genes, and plot their offensive against the world without interference or prying eyes.
In thinking about how we ourselves can survive, my mind has often turned to
this unique survival advantage the Jews have: a place to themselves, plus a continued presence in the rest of the world. No one else has that. And in thinking about this, I eventually became convinced that we had to gain a similar advantage for ourselves if we were to survive.
Now, I must confess that I feel a little sheepish about using the Jews as an example for us. We certainly don’t want to give the impression that we are modeling ourselves after the Jews or that we must turn to them in order to learn how to survive. But they do provide us with an instructive example that I find useful in illustrating certain ideas. And that’s why I’ve used the past five or ten minutes to develop this concept of a dual mode of existence: Zion and the Diaspora working together for the purpose of survival and mastery.	—WLP
This was the cover of National Vanguard Magazine 120
FREE SPEECH for December 2002
White Zion Part 2:
The Spiritual & Physical Necessity of the National Headquarters in Hillsboro
I’ve written about survival considerations in the [National Alliance member’s] Bulletin in the past, and I’ve written about them again in the August [1984] issue of National Vanguard, at least in a very general way. At the same time as I’ve been developing the general considerations, however. I’ve been thinking about the specifics—trying to solve certain problems in my mind relevant to the implementation of a long-range survival plan.
Beyond My Death
Before I begin talking about specifics. I’ll briefly review our general considerations. We’ve needed a way to make what we’re building independent of any one person. We have needed to tie it to a living, growing community that embodies our values and our goals. If the whole community truly does that, if it is composed of the best of our people, if it is large enough and has enough resources to sustain itself, then it should be able to survive the loss of any one person and continue working toward our goals. If our goal were to get a candidate elected president in 1988, then survivability would not be an urgent consideration and we would be foolish to waste much time on it. But, as a matter of fact, our goal lies far beyond 1988.
I’ve been working to build the Alliance since 1970, and I’m now 50 years old. It becomes increasingly important to take steps to insure that the work of the Alliance goes on without interruption in case something happens to me. Even if I were immortal, however, and could remain at the helm indefinitely, we would still have a survivability problem.
We need, very soon, to have something concrete—something visible
by William L. Pierce
Concrete, Visible,
& Positive Progress
and positive that everyone can see—as evidence of our progress, as evidence that we are permanent and have substance, as evidence that it’s all not just words, or some kind of trick done with mirrors. And for the most valuable people that we recruit, for the ones who have the most to offer in terms of putting their skills and talents to work for us, we need to be able to provide a totally supportive environment, an environment that not only keeps their morale up permanently, but that makes it physically possible— economically possible—for them to give up everything they have to give, and put it into our cause.
If we had unlimited funds, I suppose that we could solve that latter problem, and the morale problem as well: We could simply hire people at a higher salary than they could hope to earn anywhere else, and put them to work full time. And if they needed a little extra motivation to work harder occasionally, we could simply threaten to fire them. But that’s not realistic. We still depend largely upon people’s idealism, upon their willingness to make sacrifices, and we always will, even if we become a lot richer than we are.
And there is another aspect to morale in addition to just keeping up the enthusiasm necessary to get out of bed in the morning and tackle the day’s work. We need to have a spiritually healthy environment, or we ourselves run the risk of becoming spiritually ill.
Having to live around non-Whites— having to work with them every day, being exposed to Jewish propaganda nonstop—is not just intimidating and demoralizing in the sense of sapping hope
and enthusiasm: it is spiritually debilitating. It can infect us with wrong values. It can distort our attitude toward our work, and it can undermine our adherence to our principles. And the longer we have to work in order to reach our goal, the more urgent this particular consideration becomes. For five years, or even ten years, any person with a little backbone can grit his teeth, shut out most of the poison, and keep his heart and his mind on his work. But what about working for 25 years, or 40 years, or a whole lifetime? How does one keep the flame of idealism burning with a pure light then? How does one pass that flame undimmed along to the next generation of strugglers? One does it only if somewhere there is a center of strength and purity that does not change, a center from which one can draw inspiration and guidance, because it is a center from which everything alien and unhealthy has been excluded.
A Place of Our Own
Then there are the strictly practical considerations of having a place to ourselves, where we can do things that we will need to do in the future, in private; where we can have facilities that we’ll need as our struggle progresses. And in the future we will also need a place where we can have the physical security and the economic self-sufficiency that may not be possible to have in a metropolitan area like Washington.
In other words, we have needed a Zion, both psychologically and physically. And we’ll need one even more in the future. And now we have one.
[Aside:] I wonder if I can have the lights out, and the slide projector on.
This is ours. Every tree and every blade of grass that you can see is ours.
© 2003 * National Vanguard Books
William Pierce, 1985, one year after the land at Hillsboro, West Virginia was purchased. For him the rural mountain headquarters was not a place to hide but a place where he could work 365 days a year. The National Headquarters is where patriots go to work; they must sacrifice much of their private life: family life, recreation, shopping, entertainment, etc. Only those with strong self-discipline and a life-long work ethic make it at Hillsboro. It is not an easy place to work.
Those who consider themselves potential staffers must first find the patriotic path. They must become thoroughly radicalized— understanding that racial issues are the central issues of the day.
Secondly, they must become fanatics; the survival of our race is more imporant than anything else—more important than health, family, recreation, personal comforts, or their life.
Lastly they must abandon loyality to anything but the National Alliance. —Editor
This is ours. Every tree and every blade of grass that you can see is ours.
We own more than half a square mile of the most beautiful land on this continent.
[Applause]
The hills, the rocks, the meadows, and the forests there are all ours.
We’ve been able to acquire this land only because a few of us, a relative handful, have had the vision, the commitment to our goal, and the spirit of self-sacrifice that eventually everyone who remains a part of our community must have. And when every one of us has the spirit of self-sacrifice that a few have already displayed, then there will be nothing that we cannot accomplish.
I’ll say it again: We have this land because of the sacrifices of a relative few.
We have this land because of the sacrifices of a relative few.
They’re people who did not sit back and hold on tight to what they had, thinking that when the time comes that we are really making great strides forward, then they’ll give us a little boost. No. These were people who have had the faith and the selflessness to put everything they had on the line for us now, when we’re still almost nothing compared to what we will be one day. And some of the names of these great-hearted few cannot even be told until our goal has been reached, perhaps in another generation.
But I can tell you now that what we have achieved in the past few months will make an enormous difference to us— more difference than most people can imagine. It’s not just that the center of our operations will be where rioting Blacks or a Jewish arson squad cannot damage it. It’s not just that we can now survive economic setbacks and breakdowns in law and order and continue doing our work without interruption. And it’s not just that we can assemble a larger staff in
a more pleasant location and keep them working on lower salaries than would be the case in Washington or any other city. More important than all of these considerations of security and economy and self-sufficiency and new facilities are the biological and spiritual considerations. We’re adding an entirely new dimension to our work.
Until now, all of us have had to live 24 hours a day in a Jewish world, while trying to do a little bit now and then to make it possible to have a non-Jewish world at some time in the distant and indefinite future. But now we are actually beginning to build a little piece of that non-Jewish world. There will actually be a place that we may think of almost as a very small country, less than a square mile in size, where some of our people can begin living in accord with our values and our principles 24 hours a day, every day; where children can be raised in accord with those values and principles. We’ll have a little country that is ours spiritually as well as physically.
And that has a double value to us, just like Zion has a double value to the Jews. One part of the value will be what we will be doing there on the land, biologically and spiritually as well as physically. The other part of the value will be the meaning—the inspiration—that that will have for the rest of us as we continue living in the Jewish world and going about our recruiting duties. I expect that what we do on the land, in our own little country, will result in an enormous flow of strength and enthusiasm outward to everyone off the land; of strength to overcome defeatism and despair; of strength to keep on working and keep on recruiting year after year. Because there will be a new light in the world that every member can see, no matter where he is; a new evidence that his work and his sacrifices are not in vain. There will be something tangible, something concrete, something alive and growing and permanent that his efforts are adding to: a community that he knows will not fold up and go away overnight, as right-wing organizations have a habit of doing. That will make a difference for us everywhere.
I know that whether I am physically on the land or off the land, my heart will be on the land. And I believe that will be
FREE SPEECH for December 2002	19
I know that whether I am physically on the land or off the land, my heart will be on the land.
—William L. Pierce
true of many others also. This very month marks the beginning of a dual mode of existence for us.
On the one hand, we will be continuing to build the Alliance here in Washington, and in Chicago, and in Philadelphia, and in Montgomery, and in Johannesburg, and elsewhere through personal recruiting and the distribution of Alliance publications as we have in the past—but more efficiently than in the past as we continue to learn how to be better recruiters and as we continue to upgrade the average quality of our membership, and we develop our organizational structure. That is our Diaspora.
At the same time, however, we’ll be working on our land, on our mountain. So while the Diaspora is recruiting, the mountain will be building an actual community which will be moving, as it says on the logotype of National Vanguard, “Toward a New Consciousness; a New Order; a New People.” An actual community.
Now I’ll tell you where I believe all of this is heading. I wrote about community-building in the August [ 1984] issue of National Vanguard, but only very briefly about community action, about
20 FREE SPEECH for December 2002
what our community would do relative to the rest of the world. I was brief because I don’t like to speculate on uncertain things in National Vanguard, and anything that depends as much or more on what everyone else does as on what we do is indeed uncertain.
But what I think will happen is this: Along the road to the Mulatto world that the Jews, and of course the Mulattos and the Mestizos themselves, are working to bring about, we’re going to run into some interesting developments, mostly in the form of reactions to the main thrust of history.
We’re going to see, for instance, the growth of a White subculture in the United States. Just as, during the Middle Ages, there were some people with a natural immunity to the Black Death—to the plague—so there will emerge a segment of American society that is more or less immune to the Judaeo-Christian poison. That “more or less” qualification is important. I’m not saying that a readymade batch of Alliance members will emerge. But there will be a lot of people generally alienated from the Jewish society.
People, for example, who will cling to their “redneck” heritage through country music with an overt racial message and who will reject the various Black, Mulatto, and Jewish country singers the Jews are already using in an effort to pre-empt such a development. There will be people who will emerge as a market for explicitly “racist” films and cable TV programs, or for explicitly “racist” printed materials ranging from comic books to genuine literature—not necessarily literature with any message or films with a moral, but simply material that appeals to people who want to read about their Whiteness, or people who don’t like Blacks and find pleasure in seeing them getting their lumps in a movie. There’ll be certain towns, or certain suburbs, which will gain a reputation and which will manage to remain militantly White, sort of like Cicero, Illinois, for example, and which will manage to thwart government efforts to “integrate” them. There’ll be certain vacation spots, certain leisure activities, and perhaps even certain clothing styles that will be associated with a spirit of
militant Whiteness. And there will be a lot of non-militant Whites who will participate in one way or another in the trend.
I think this will emerge in a lot of different ways and at a lot of different levels. I think one will see it in certain labor unions. I think one will see certain elements in the Republican Party participating in it, and some elements in various	professions—academics,
lawyers, perhaps even an unofficial faction in the American Medical Association. One will see a lot of people engaged in activities that the Judaeo-Christians will denounce as “racist.” But these people won’t run like rabbits and begin apologizing for being White when they’re denounced, as is nearly always the case today. They’ll have heard it so many times, it just won’t bother them—or if it does, they’ll counterattack with a denunciation of Zionist racism in Israel or of Black racism or of “Hispanic” racism.
Reactions of this sort are inevitable in any period of rapid and drastic social change. The toughest elements of the race, when they finally have their backs to the wall, will resist going down.
The Jews will be expecting this opposition. They’Ve seen it happen a hundred times in other countries and in other ages. They regard such reactions as the natural death throes, a sort of wild flailing and thrashing about, of a civilization they have almost killed. And they will run around pouring water on the hot spots, but not greatly worrying about it. Their main concern will be to keep the various reactions from coalescing, from gaining any coherence, and—more than anything else—to keep them from having a purpose, an ideology, a unifying spiritual basis. And so they will be promoting a new Charlie Pride, a new Neil Diamond, to short-circuit the White music fans. They’ll be writing and publishing anti-Black materials themselves, in an effort to capture that particular market and control it. They’ll put forward “leaders”—new Barry Goldwaters and new George Wallaces. And they’ll be taking polls, having endless televised discussions about the phenomenon, trying to talk it to death, as well as trying to deal with it in the
<S> 2003 • National Vanguard Books
standard ways, using governmental coercion, economic pressure, and so on.
And the Jews will figure that if they can keep the reaction under control for twenty years or so, for a generation, it will lose its vitality and die out. And then there’ll be nothing left to threaten them, nothing left to thwart their plan for a Mulatto future.
But the Jews, as so often in the past, will figure wrong. They’re going to lose their grip on the reaction. It’s going to get completely out of control. It’s going to catch fire. Because we’re going to be there, fanning the sparks and pouring on the fuel. [Applause]
We’re going to be taking advantage of the new markets for books and magazines and videotapes and music that will open up. We’re going to be pouring our material into these markets. We’re going to make our message available to all of those reactionaries, and some of them are going to listen to it. And those who do are going to provide a coherence to the whole thing. And the message will be coming from the mountain, from our island of White values in a Jewish ocean. And we’re going to put some purpose and meaning into the lives of a lot of those people. And some of them will join our Diaspora, and strengthen it, and others will join us on the mountain, on our little island.
And the day will come when our little island becomes two islands, maybe a thousand miles apart; and then three; and then a whole archipelago. We’re going to build a fire that they can’t put out. The message is going to be coming from every island in our archipelago. We may not save this country or this civilization. But we’ll save something. And then we’ll start over. With White genes. White values, a White purpose. And we’ll build a whole new world.
The really great thing about what has just happened is that we don’t have to wait until after some violent revolution or some other cataclysm in the distant future to start rebuilding the world. We’ve already started.
Our mountain—our island—is the beginning of a new world. And it will be new in every way. Remember, we’re not trying to escape from the present so that we can return to the past. Our aim is to
We’re not trying to make a simpler, more peaceful, or more rustic world to which we can retreat while everything else goes to Hell.
establish a base in the present from which we can shape the future. We’re not trying to make a simpler, more peaceful, or more rustic world to which we can retreat while everything else goes to Hell. It will be necessary for us to remain very much in touch with the rest of the world while it continues on its course. We’re not going to imitate the Amish by shunning machinery. We’re going to use every tool and every weapon available to us which will help us get the job done.
Our community on the mountain, on our little island, will be governed by the spiritual values that it is our mission to preserve. So it will be, essentially, a religious community. But it won’t consist of a bunch of monks practicing their calligraphy with goose quills and parchment. It will be a religious community using the latest and most powerful data processing and word processing equipment that we can afford to purchase. In fact, we are looking at the specifications now for a powerful new computer that will be the basis for the whole system.
We’ll need talented, trained men and women who can provide special capabilities for us on the mountain, on our island. And we’ll need financial support from others, so that we can continue acquiring needed equipment and continue moving forward with the development of our community.
More than ever before, we’ll need the special skills and resources of our members. We’ll need talented, trained men and women who can provide special capabilities for us on the mountain, on our island. And we’ll need financial support from others, so that we can continue acquiring needed equipment and continue moving forward with the development of our community. We’ll need a lot of help, a lot of commitment, a lot of faith, a lot of sacrifice. But we have a good bunch of people; a bright and resourceful and idealistic bunch of people. And by pulling together and giving it everything that we’ve got, we’ll win this fight yet. Thank you. [Applause]
The preceding is the second and final part of the speech “White Zion,” by Dr. William Pierce, originally recorded at the convention of the National Alliance in September 1984 and unavailable since that time. Our community in West Virginia has had its trials and triumphs since that day, and it is now stronger than ever before. On the land we have multimedia production facilities sending out television recordings and radio broadcasts over the air and on the Internet; we have a full-fledged music production and distribution company; we publish three magazines and a newsletter, a book catalog that consisted of only one page in the 1980s now carries over 600 different items.
—KAS
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “White Zion,” aired in two parts on November 30 and December 7, 2002. A cassette recording of both these broadcasts is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
FREE SPEECH for December 2002	21
Under-Reported News You May Have Missed
Targeted Killings: Bush Asks Israel’s Advice
Top Bush aides are seeking justification for “targeted killings” of “terrorists” and other undesirables. Apparently the only ones they are asking advice of is the Israelis, who are practitioners of this legalized form of murder. The CIA and American military have also recently sought operational advice on how to kill those targeted.
In the past the U.S. has always stated it opposes “targeted killings.” In fact, the Bush administration continually pretends to condemn Israel’s policy of assassinating suspected Palestinians. In November 2002, a CIA missile, secretly launched from an unmanned aircraft, over Yemen killed six suspected members of A1 Qaeda’s network.
Last week, in his State of the Union address, President Bush, threatened that terrorism suspects who were not caught or tried in court would be “otherwise dealt with.”
Israel’s record of targeted killings has been particularly bad and they have killed dozens of innocent bystanders in what they consider mere “collateral damage.”
On 7 March 2003 the U.S. admitted two of its Afgan prisoners had been tortured to death on a U.S. military base.
FBI: Bali Terror Bomb Was an Attack on Jews: Big Jews Are Chosen for Private Briefings
The FBI gave you no specifics about the 7 February 2003 Condition Orange warning (DANGER: HIGH). But the FBI gave details to Jews. Abe Foxman of the Jewish ADL said he got a 90 minute phone briefing from a senior FBI official. Other Jewish leaders, apparently also got a high level briefing.
The FBI official said the FBI believed Jewish organizations and firms were targeted, especially Jewish-owned hotels. The FBI said that they believe the Bali casino in Indonesia was targeted by Moslem terrorists because it is Jewish-owned. That attack killed 200 people. This marks the first admission by the FBI that the terrorists are specially targeting Jews, rather than the U.S.
On February 17, the Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish American Organizations’, executive vice chairman Malcolm Hoenlein said the media has exaggerated the threat level to Jewish organizations. However, Hoenlein admitted his organization has been in daily contact with senior officials of the FBI concerning terrorist threats.
Hate Hoax Crime? Suspect: French Rabbi
Rabbi Gabriel Farhi (pictured), who was initially believed stabbed on January 3, 2003, may have faked his crime. The weekly magazine Marianne reported the lead investigating police officer as saying “I’ve seen assaults and stabbing before as part of my job, but I must say this was a rather strange stabbing.” The examining physician reported, “The wound does not match the rabbi’s version of the assault.” Recently Jews in France have complained of numerous anti-Semitic acts and violence. And Jews are backing Farhi but fear backlash. Farhi has hired a lawyer and is attacking the police.
Teacher Accused of Raping 14-Year-Old
in Classroom
A substitute teacher in the Fort Worth Schools is accused of participating in a classroom rape of a 14-year old girl. David Lawson Franklin (pictured), 21, was arrested on a sexual assault warrant at his home on January 29, 2003. The witnesses’ stories are, “all very consistent, the terminology as well as the details of the offense,” said Fort Worth police Sgt. Dave Stamp, who was initially skeptical, but he added, “Then skepticism turned into shock.”
Majority of Newborns in California Are Hispanics
Hispanic births now account for 50.2% of births in California. Non-Hispanic White babies are 31.4%, Asian babies are 11.3% and Black babies are 6.1%. In 1980 Hispanic babies were only 29% of total California births. In January 2003 the Census Bureau said Hispanics passed Blacks to become the largest minority in
the U.S.
22 FREE SPEECH for December 2002
© 2003 • National Vanguard Books
Manuel Salamanca Linked to 9 Serial Rapes by DNA
Alleged serial rapist Manuel Salamanca Jr. has been indicted for nine rapes in four cities and may have committed more. Police have been looking for the North Texas serial rapist, whose violent crime spree started as early as 1996. Salamanca was convicted of burglary in 1994 and given a 12-year sentence. He was released in 1996 just before the serial rape attacks and has been working in a hospital. The North Texas serial rapist uses a knife. Police say he is linked to the nine rapes by DNA and that personal items of the women were found in his home. So far he has been convicted of two of the rapes: one conviction in December 2002 and a second in February 2003.
U.S. Jews Have Mixed Feelings About Majority Leader Frist
The new senate majority leader. Bill Frist, is partially acceptable to Jews according to the Jewish Telegraphic Agency. He is blindly pro-Israel and is always for foreign aid to Israel. However, he voted against hate crimes legislation, which is high on the Jewish agenda. Big Jewish leaders think Dr. Frist is likely to support a massive increase in socialized medicine, which the Jews favor.
Akron Postal Manager Forces Supervisor to Parade Naked in Front of a Dozen Co-Workers
On January 27, 2002, police arrested Lonnie Wilson, who was fleeing a postal facility in Akron, Ohio. He is a 60-year old Black, U.S. Postal Service manager, and he is accused of forcing his supervisor, a 43-year female postal manager, to parade naked in front of about a dozen other postal employees. He allegedly threatened to kill her if she did not comply. Wilson, a hulking 6-foot 5-inch 235-pound, 24-year veteran of the Postal Service was set to retire in only four days. Wilson was charged with felony abduction, felony gross sexual imposition and misdemeanor aggravated menacing.
Sharon Eventually to Face Beirut Genocide Trial in Belgium
Belgium’s supreme court ruled on February 12,2003 that when Ariel Sharon is no longer prime minister of Israel, he can be tried for genocide. As prime minister he has immunity. The charges stem from the massacre in the Sabra and Shatila camps in 1982. Israel immediately recalled its ambassador to Belgium and began its usual “we are the victims” rant.
Cause for Alarm
Most Large Cities Are Non-White
Of the 26 cities in the U.S. over 500,000 in population, 19 are majority non-White. Census data is imperfect because a few Hispanics are White, and the Census generally counts Jews, Arabs, etc. as White. The seven majority White big cities in order of Whiteness are Portland, Seattle, Indianapolis, Columbus, Nashville, Jacksonville, and Phoenix.
Selected Non-White Cities
City	Total Population	Percent White, Not Hispanic
Los Angeles	3,694,820	29.7
Chicago	2,896,016	31.3
Houston	1,953,631	30.8
San Antonio	1,144,646	31.8
Memphis	650,100	33.3
Baltimore	651,154	31.0
Cleveland	478,403	38.8
Washington DC	572,059	27.8
Atlanta	416,474	31.3
New Orleans	484,674	26.6
Detriot	951,270	10.5
Oakland	399,484	23.5
Birmingham	242,820	23.5
Jersey City NJ	240,055	23.6
Jackson MS	184,256	27.5
Miami	362,470	11.8
Newark NJ	273,546	14.2
Harford CT	121,578	17.8
Brownsville	139,722	7.7
Gary IN	102,746	10.1
East LA	124,283	1.8
FREE SPEECH for December 2002	23
Freedom is not free; free men are not equal; and equal men are not free.