FREE SPEECH • FEBRUARY 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. II
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters ofAmen-can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
m

>e, and Wizard ogO
Racial Fitness and Survival
During the last several weeks I’ve talked with you about interracial crimes committed against our people, which have been covered up deliberately by the controlled news media so that tne Jewish media bosses can more easily maintain their deception that so-called “hate crime” is primarily a matter of heterosexual White males preying on non-Whites, homosexuals, ana members of other officially favored groups, and therefore we need to abolish tne Bill of Rights so that everyone will be safe and comfortable. The crimes I have specifically called to your attention — for example, the Wichita massacre and the abduction, rape, and murder of Vickie McGraw in Shreveport — are crimes of such nature that by any objective standard they merit national news coverage, but instead of reporting these crimes, the media have covered them up, and from this fact I have drawn conclusions about the motivations of the media bosses.
Well, 1 could continue talking week after week about atrocious Black-
on-White crimes covered up by the controlled media in order to strengthen my conclusion. Unfortunately, there’s no shortage of such crimes to report. When I report these crimes against our people, or when I give examples of media cover-ups, I
The Passenger Pigeon was well-adaDti its environment. In fact, it was the most i lous bird in North American until it was hi into extinction.
have a nagging concern that I will sound as if I’m whining. I complain about the things our enemies are doing to us, but I don’t do anything except complain. Or at least, I know that that is the way some people look at it In fact, some people take a very negative view of the whole situation. They look at what is being done to us; they look at our almost total lack of resistance; they look at the behavior of the lemmings who collaborate enthusiastically with those who are destroying our race and our civilization; and then these observers throw up their hands and say, “My god, as a race we don’t deserve to survive!”
In fact I received a letter a few days ago from a listener who has a strongly Darwinian point of view. He’s on our side, mote or less, but he has quite a defeatist attitude. He wrote to me:
Isn't it true that if the European race weren't so inferior to the Jews, we wouldn't have ended up in this predicament in the first placer Hasn't our race
2
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
6
Not fit to survive?
proved over and over again that we belong at the bottom of the racial ladder, existing only to serve the Jews? Hasn't the White race proved over and over again that we deserve the genocide now being inflicted on us?
My correspondent goes on to provide evidence for his conclusion that our race has lost the struggle for survival and must, therefore, in the natural course of events, become extinct,
like the saber-toothed tiger and the passenger pigeon before us. He points out that we no longer have a collective intelligence, a tribal feeling, or real leadership, and that without these essentials no race can survive. As things are going now, we can with reasonable certainty forecast a nightmare future: The Jewish propaganda coming from our television receivers will become more and more blatant, pro-
moting multiculturalism, miscegenation, and White guilt and self-hatred ever more stridendy. Our young women, in a mindless scramble to be fashionable and imitate what they see on their TV screens, will jerk, gyrate, and rap to an MTV beat with their Negro lovers. Our young men, increasingly soft and unmanly, will watch passively and largely without comprehension and then will turn back to their video games. The White working class and middle class will plunge even more deeply into credit-based consumerism and will hardly notice what the younger generation is doing, as long as the present economic prosperity, based on the technological innovations of fewer and fewer creative members of our race, holds out. The politicians will enact legislation making it a penal offense to speak out against the process of decay or the people behind it
More and more non-White immigrants will continue flooding into America and into Europe, and nothing will be done to halt the flow, whether the Republicans or the Democrats, the Conservatives or the Laborites, are in office. Republicans and Conservatives will continue talking about such things as “restoring national pride,” “restoring excellence to education,” “getting the government off the backs of productive citizens,” and similar policies that appeal to the ever-hopeful and ever-credu-lous White citizens who have not yet joined the Clinton coalition or the Blair coalition, but in fact the government’s actual policies will remain nearly the same, regardless of the party in office.
When the economy does take a major downturn, the half of the population that receives a monthly check of one sort or another from the government will be kept in line with promises of an enhanced dole, and the politicized police agencies, armed with new “speech crime” and “hate crime” laws, will be poised to pounce instandy on anyone else who tries to rock the boat
The White birth rate will fall even further below the replacement level, while the number of mongrels of various shades born wall continue rising. Finally, the hideously grinning Jew, who before remained behind the scenes rubbing his hands and gloating over his handiwork, will be able
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
to step into the open and rule in his own name. Within a century our race will be gone, and, according to the fellow who wrote to me, there will be a natural justice in that outcome. In the long run, only the fit survive, and we have proved ourselves unfit.
I have heard similar arguments from other people. In some cases it is simply a copout, an excuse for giving up the struggle and doing nothing: “The war is already lost,” these people say. “Why should I take a chance on losing my job by speaking out now, when there is no longer any hope of racial survival?” In other cases people who are not really cowards are so discouraged by what they see around them that it’s difficult for them to put much energy or enthusiasm into a struggle they fear is hopeless. Perhaps for the sake of this latter group it is worth our time to look more closely at this matter of fitness and survival.
Fitness, of course, is not an absolute thing. It can be defined only in relation to a specific environment An organism — or a race — that is superbly fit in one environment may be totally unfit in another. Furthermore, we must be careful in equating ability to survive with superiority. The passenger pigeon was surviving marvelously well in North America, it was flourishing in the environment here, until White men with firearms entered that environment and hunted the species to extinction. But many other species survived the intrusion of the White man into their environment: for example, the bacterium Clostridium tetani, the microorganism that causes tetanus. Is it correct, therefore, to say that Clostridium tetani is superior to the passenger pigeon? Perhaps, but only in a very limited sense: the former is still here, and the latter is extinct. And I have no doubt that if the White man put his mind to it, he could drive Clostridium tetani to extinction as he did with the virus that causes smallpox. In a broader sense, of course, it is meaningless to talk about such dissimilar organisms.
Similar considerations apply to questions about the relative fitness of our own race and the Jews. For a very long time the Jews have lived in a symbiotic relationship with non-Jews — more than 3000 years, if one includes the relationship between the Jews and the ancient Egyptians. During most of the relationships between
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
Jews and non-Jews, the Jews have lived as a marginalized minority, hated and mistrusted by the non-Jews but tolerated because of the Jews’ commercial and financial usefulness.
Relationships of this sort were accompanied by a constant tension between the Jewish minority and the non-Jewish majority. A literary anecdote that illustrates well this tension is provided by the Russian author Nikolai Gogol in his Cossack story Taras Bulba. Every Cossack camp had a contingent of Jews, who were despised by the Cossacks but usually tolerated because the Jews always were ready to sell the Cossacks anything they might want, especially liquor. Selling liquor to the Cossacks was a hazardous occupation for the Jews, however, because every so often the Cossacks’ dislike of the Jews would exceed the limits of their tolerance, and then a general de-Judaizing of the Cossack camp would ensue. In Taras Bulba, the Jewish camp-followers were all thrown into a nearby river and drowned, except for one who hid under a wagon.
And this amusing anecdote was mirrored on a larger scale in every European country throughout the Middle Ages. The Jews would gradually infiltrate a country and then in their inimitable way take over certain facets of the economy: the trade in alcoholic beverages, inn keeping, prostitution, and moneylending were the most common. When they were not prohibited by law from doing so, they monopolized the trade in White slaves. At the same time they were acquiring the wealth of the peasants and the craftsmen and the bourgeoisie in this way, they would buy protection from the aristocracy by financing wars, by serving as tax collectors, by giving financial advice, and so on. This modus vivendi often resulted in the Jews being wealthier, on the average, than the Gentiles among whom they lived, but their wealth never bought them acceptance or respectability. They always were despised social outcasts, so different from the host population that comparisons were meaningless, and in most countries, at least prior to the 19£1 century, they were not even citizens, because citizenship was based on blood, on tribal connections, on race.
Just as with the Cossacks, the citizenry eventually would become exas-
3
perated with the Jews and rise up against them. The king or duke or what have you would decide that he didn’t need the services of his Jewish tax collectors enough to put up with rioting, and so in order to quell the public unrest and disorder he would undertake a general expulsion of all the Jews from his realm. This happened in every European country at least once, and in several of them it happened more than once, because a generation or so after being expelled the Jews would come sneaking back in again, and the process would repeat itself.
In any case, I don’t think that it is correct to say that the Jews proved themselves more fit than we or superior to us in any general sense. In only one characteristic were the Jews superior: namely, in their amazing ability to acquire money. Otherwise, our race did an overall better job of surviving. We excelled in every other field of endeavor, in all the arts of war and peace: in literature, in engineering, in painting and sculpture and astronomy, in building cities and roads and exploring new lands. To say that the Jew was superior because he was richer is like saying that the tick on the dog’s back is superior to the dog because the tick is fatter. The dog does many things well; the tick only sucks blood.
Well, I have been talking about
the state of affairs prior to the 19
century. This is the 21st century. We are rapidly being driven into extinction while the Jew oversees the process and becomes fatter than ever. What happened to change our fitness relative to that of the Jew? How did our society change from one with a proud and masterful spirit, a masculine spirit, to one with a feminine, submissive spirit7 How did we lose our aristocratic pride in being independent and self-sufficient and learn instead the servile ways of the democrat, looking to the government to protect us and provide for us in return for our taxes and our votes? What happened to our tribal consciousness, to our pride of race? Why do so many of us feel that we should apologize for being White? How did we lose control of our women? A century ago we would not have considered for a second permitting our women to consort with Negroes, even
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
Representatives of a Superior Culture?
if they had had the inclination to do so. What took away our self-confidence and put us on the defensive?
People change over the course of generations. Races change as breeding patterns change, and certainly the welfare state and racial mixing have caused a certain decline in racial quality, but this biological change has been relatively small, and its not the principal reason for our present jeopardy. We are essentially the same race we were a century ago, biologically speaking. So how did we lose our pride and our uprightness and become such a disgusting mob of egalitarians, oblivious of the future and willing to tolerate everything?
Tne basic answer is that the great mass of our people are neither good
nor evil, neither great-spirited nor petty, neither heroic nor cowardly and self-indulgent, neither loyal nor disloyal, neither upright nor tolerant of depravity and crookedness; they are neutral. Every quality in them is only latent, waiting to be evoked and made manifest by an external force. Everything is a question of leadership, of guidance, of the example that is set for them. With good leaders, with wise and strong leadership, with honest and racially conscious leadership, the best qualities latent in a people, in a nation, in a race are evoked and made manifest. With heroic leadership, with great leadership, a whole people — lemmings and all —• can be called to greatness and heroism, if those qualities are latent in them —
and those qualities are still latent in our people, despite present appearances.
We have had a catastrophic failure of leadership. Why? Well, for one thing, democracy is not conducive to great leadership, even under the best of circumstances. A more relevant answer is that democracy in the age of television, with the television under the control of our hereditary enemies, is an unmitigated disaster. I’m using the term “television” to stand for all of the controlled mass media, of course. We are headed for extinction now, not because we have been conquered by a non-White army in the way that some of the White peoples of central and eastern Europe were conquered by Huns and Mongols and Turks during the Middle Ages, before other White peoples brought the conquerors to a halt and then rolled them back. The Black assaults on our people, the invasion by Mexicans and Asians, are not threatening our survival because these non-Whites are superior to us in any sense of the word. These non-Whites are threatening our survival only because we have lost our will to resist, only because we have been morally crippled, only because we have lost our pride and our self-confidence and our tribal consciousness, and ultimately it is television in the hands of the Jews that has morally crippled us.
I suppose that’s a bit of an oversimplification. The public schools and the universities also condition our people morally for extinction, and so do the Christian churches. But ultimately it is the Jewish control of the mass media that has poisoned these institutions and changed the way in which they condition our people. After all, most educators — which is to say, most teachers and most school administrators — are as much lemmings as the rest of the population, as much susceptible to what comes from their television screens as are those Americans who are not educators. And so are the Christian preachers and priests and church administrators; Christian doctrine has proved to be amazingly flexible in adapting itself to changing political fashions.
So at this time we are heading toward extinction because we lack leadership, and the Jews are taking advantage of this lack of leadership to pump us full of spiritual poison
© 2001 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
through their control of the mass media, essentially paralyzing our will to resist their takeover of our society. What does this say about our fitness? Many people believe — and I have said this myself — that White people are especially susceptible to the Jewish spiritual poison. Can Blacks and mestizos and Asians be made to feel racial guilt and self-hatred the way Whites can? Well, probably not in exacdy the same way, but I would be surprised if they turned out not to be susceptible to psychological manipulation at all. Every race must have a lemming majority in order to be stable and survive. I suspect that if the people who control the mass media put their minds to it they could condition Blacks or Vietnamese to hate themselves and engage in self-destructive behavior too, just as they have conditioned us, although probably the details of the conditioning would be different
We were fit three thousand years ago when we lived in an environment that did not include Jews. Even in Europe when Jews were present we eventually developed antibodies against them that allowed us to survive. We forced them to live more like inactive spores than like active pathogens. Unfortunately, the early settlers of North America did not bring
Child Porn
Today we’ll take a look at what Bill Clinton did with his last few hours in the White House, but first I’d let to give you an update on some things we talked about in earlier broadcasts. In my broadcast of October 7, 2000, I told you about a child-pornography ring that kidnapped Russian children and then made videos of them being raped, sexually tortured, and killed. Wealthy perverts in the West buy these videos, paying as much as $20,000 for the videos in which a child actually is killed.
The pornographers had a temporary setback in October last year when Italian police raided the homes of some 600 Italian perverts who had been buying these videos. Nine of the importers and distributors of the child pornography in Italy were arrested, and two men in Russia involved in making the videos also were arrested.
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
enough of those antibodies with them. When the spores began to
break open in Europe during the 191*1 century — and even earlier in England — we were less able to resist the Jews than we were during the Middle Ages. When we had built a new and increasingly prosperous civilization in North America and the Jews began coming in during the last part of the
19 1 century we had almost no resistance to the infection. Letting Jews into the United States was like giving smallpox-infected blankets to the Indians. They used us to break down the Old Order in Europe with two ruinous, fratricidal world wars. Then the advent of television at the end of the Second World War gave them the genocidal weapon they needed to finish us off.
We are fit when we live in an environment without Jews. We can whip every other race with both hands tied behind our backs. With Jews we are like a dog infested with disease-carrying ticks. If the dog can get rid of the ticks soon enough he will survive. If he doesn’t get rid of the ticks they eventually will cause him to die. Does this mean that the ticks are more fit and more deserving of survival than the dog? I wouldn’t say so, but clearly the dog must do something about the ticks — soon.
5
And we must do something about the Jews — soon. And clearly the key to getting the Jews off our backs is to regain control of our mass media.
Well, we really haven’t decided anything new today. Nevertheless, I think it’s helpful to understand the dynamics of the process that is carrying us to our extinction. It’s helpful to understand that the fact that mestizos are pouring across our southern border without opposition says nothing about our fitness relative to that of mestizos. The fact that Blacks are taking over our cities, terrorizing our schools, and running off with our women says nothing about our fitness relative to that of Blacks. The whole war for survival is between us and the Jews. Once we’ve taken their control of television away from the Jews, we’ve won the war. We’ll sweep the Blacks and the mestizos and the mongrels away in a matter of days. It will be messy, but there’s no doubt as to who will win.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Racial Fitness and Survival,” aired on January 27, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Ecstasy, and Pardons
But there was no news coverage of the arrests, and none of the big shots in the Russian child-porn business were arrested:	just two thugs actually
involved in kidnapping, raping, and killing the children.
Then a couple of Italian television news reporters working for Italy’s largest TV network who had seen some of the videos seized by the Italian police were so outraged by what they saw that they broke the news blackout by broadcasting scenes from some of the videos on a prime-time television news program viewed by 11 million Italians. The Jewish boss of the news department of the government-owned television network, Gad Lerner, immediately fired the reporters who had violated the blackout. And there was absolutely no news at all about these events in the United States, even though many of the cus-
tomers of this child-pom ring live in the United States.
It was the blackout of the news in America of the arrests in Italy that aroused my interest in this matter. Can you imagine anything more horrible than kidnapping White children, then raping, sexually torturing, and murdering them for the gratification of wealthy perverts who like to watch that sort of thing? Such activity can flourish only in the dark. If you drag it into the open the perverts will run for cover, like cockroaches in a dirty kitchen when the light is turned on suddenly during the night. And without the perverts buying the child-porn videos, there will be no child-porn business. If the perverts are afraid to buy child-porn videos, if they are afraid of being exposed, then Russian children will not be kidnapped, raped, tortured, and killed in front of
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
video cameras, because there will no market for this filth, no money to be had for the Jews who run the business.
I’ll go over that again: Its not just that the customers, the perverts who buy the child-porn ,videos, are as guilty as the pomographers who make the videos — it’s not just that the customers are paying for litde White children to be kidnapped, raped, tortured, and murdered and therefore deserve to be punished at least as much as the people they pay to commit these crimes — it is also that if one drives away the customers, then one shuts down the business and saves the lives of White children. And the way to drive away the customers is exposure. Therefore, hardly anything more cries out for news coverage than the child-pornography business. And yet when this became especially relevant news because of the raids and arrests in Italy last October, there wasn’t a peep about it from the controlled news media in America.
That was no oversight That was no accident on the part of the media bosses. There are more perverts in the United States buying child pornography than there are in Italy. Why protect them? Ordering, buying, receiving child pornography is not only a horrible and racially destructive thing, it also is illegal. Why don’t the controlled news media in America expose this business, expose the people involved, when something happens to make it even more immediately newsworthy?
Well, I answered that question for you in my October 7 broadcast, and I also answered it in later broadcasts. Part of the reason is that most of the people who buy this filth are homosexuals. Most of the Russian children who are raped and tortured for their gratification are litde boys — although some litde Russian girls also are victims, because there also are heterosexual pedophiles who buy child pornography. But homosexuals make up the majority of the paying customers, and die rule among the Jewish media bosses is that homosexuals are to be portrayed favorably whenever possible. If they can’t be portrayed favorably, then don’t portray them at all; kill the news.
A more important reason for keeping quiet about child pornography is mat the people at the top of the
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
business — not the ones who kidnap the children from public parks in Moscow and then rape them in front of the cameras, but the ones who organize the business and collect the profits — are Jews, and the Jewish media bosses in America know that That’s why people like CBS boss Sumner Redstone and ABC boss Michael Eisner and CNN boss Gerald Levin protect the child pornography business by not exposing it, no matter how newsworthy it is.
I’ve told you that before, but something happened in earlier this year that corroborates what I told you. A man described by Federal authorities as the U.S. West Coast distributor for a child-pornography ring operating in Moscow was arrested at his home in Walnut Creek, California, on January 4. His name is Seth Bekenstein. His brother, Joshua Bek-enstein, immediately flew in from the East Coast and posted a $500,000 bond to get his brother out of jail. My guess is that the government will get to keep that bond, because when his trial date comes up Seth will be safely relocated in Israel.
The child-pornography ring in Moscow for which Seth Bekenstein works is the same child-pornography ring whose Italian distributors were arrested last October. It’s still in business today because the Jewish media bosses — Sumner Redstone, Michael Eisner, Gerald Levin, and the rest — refused to expose it in October. And they’re continuing to protect it today. You would think that the arrest of one of the major distributors of child pornography in the United States would merit a litde news coverage, wouldn’t you? And yet there was almost a total blackout on the news of Seth Beken-stein’s arrest on January 4, of his bond hearing on January 12, and of his release from jail. You certainly heard nothing about it before I told you about it a minute ago, unless you live in the Walnut Creek, California, area where Bekenstein was arrested. The reason I know about it is that a listener who lives five miles from Walnut Creek, in Danville, California, sent me a copy of the January 13 issue of his local newspaper, the San Ramon Valley Times, which reported on the arrest and the bond hearing. As far as I am aware, the news appeared nowhere else. It didn’t appear in the laigest newspaper in that area, the San
Francisco Chronicle, for example. For more details you can contact the San Ramon Valley Times reporter who wrote the story. He is Brian Anderson, and his e-mail address is banderson2@cctimes.com.
Listen, I don’t like to repeat myself, but child pornography is not just a matter of naughty pictures of naked children. It’s not illegal just because some sexually uptight Christians who are horrified by the thought of nudity pressured the Congress to pass a law against distributing or purchasing the stuff in the United States. The perverts who buy child pornography are the most depraved degenerates you can imagine in your worst nightmare. They get their sexual satisfaction from seeing little children raped and sexually tortured. Some of them are willing to pay $20,000 to see a small White boy raped to death by adult homosexuals. They finance this sort of activity with their purchases. That’s why child pornography is illegal in the United States. It involves paying other people to commit kidnapping, rape, and murder.
The people who buy child pornography need to be exposed. They need to be made to fear for their miserable lives. If I had my way they would all be rounded up and killed. It would make the world a cleaner, healthier place. I also believe that the people who distribute this filth ought to be killed as soon as they are caught, not turned loose so that they can flee to Israel. And I also believe that the media bosses who protect this filthy business by keeping it covered up deserve to be hunted down and killed too. They are all in this together: the perverts, the producers and distributors, and the media Jews who protect them.
There is a pattern in this child-pornography business that we can observe in many other activities. The consumers — the sick people who buy child pornography — are presumably mosdy Gentiles. The people who procure and distribute the stuff are Jews, as are the people in the media who protect the whole business with their silence.
Consider the distribution of illegal drugs in the United States, for example. The most popular drug fad at the moment among White yuppies is a drug known as “Ecstasy,” which is a potent member of the amphetamine
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
7
The Forward of November 30,1947 (This was the day after the United Nations decided to partition Palestine to make a Jewish state,)
family:	methylenedioxymetham-
phetamine, or MDMA for short Other drugs, such as heroin and crack cocaine, are used mosdy by non-Whites and by lowlife Whites who socialize with Blacks and other non-Whites. Many Jews ate involved in the distribution of heroin and cocaine, but so are other ethnic groups, and the non-Jews outnumber the Jews. The “Ecstasy” trade, however, is totally dominated by Jews.
You wouldn’t know this just by watching television news programs or reading the mainstream news periodicals aimed primarily at Gentiles. Among themselves, however, the Jews talk more freely about such things than they do to us. The Forward, formerly the Daily Forward and formerly published in Yiddish as a Jewish-Com-munist newspaper, is one of the most informative of the specifically Jewish newspapers published in New York. The January 19 issue of the Forward carried a long report on the “Ecstasy” trade by their correspondent Benny Avni. He reports:
"... Israeli criminals have cornered the market on the drug ecstasy, controlling by some accounts as much as 75 per cent of the American market.
Avni then cites a statement by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration:
In recent years Israeli organized-crime syndicates, some composed of Russian £migr£s associated with Russian organized crime syndicates, have forged relationships with Western European traffickers and gained control over a significant share of the European market. The Israeli syndicates are currently the primary source to U.S. distribution groups.
Well, I hardly need to tell you that these so-called “Russian” emigre groups in Israel have no real Russians in them at all. They are all Jews who merely lived in Russia before going to Israel.
The special appeal of “Ecstasy” for Jews is the enormous amount of money to be made from the drug. “Ecstasy” pills are manufactured in Amsterdam and Antwerp in laboratories owned by Jews for as little as fifty cents per pill. In New York and Miami and San Francisco the pills are sold to White yuppies in discos and night clubs for as much as $40 each. And the pills are very small. Using
briefcases and suitcases with false bottoms, Jewish couriers smuggle as many as 50,000 pills at a time into the United States. That’s a retail value of as much as $2 million for an investment of only $25,000. One Israeli, Sean Erez, who recendy was extradited from the Netherlands to the United States on drug smuggling charges, is said by the Drug Enforcement Administration to have smuggled a million “Ecstasy” pills into the United States during a period of a few weeks last year, using Hasidic Jews as his couriers. Hasidic Jews are Jews with beards and sidelocks who wear long black coats and black hats and live mosdy in or around New York City. His operation came unraveled when seven of his Hasids were arrested. Unfortunately, there are plenty of other Israelis to take the place of Erez.
In addition to the huge profits, perhaps the Jews who run the “Ecstasy” trade are attracted by the fact that the consumers of their drug are nearly all affluent young Whites, and that prolonged use of the drug causes permanent brain damage. Certainly, the Jews have a predilection for making their money in those economic activities most harmful to us. With a sure instinct they seek out the weaknesses in our society and the sickest individuals in our society, and
they do everything they can not only to exploit those weaknesses for their profit but also to exacerbate them. Vice and corruption are what they are most at home with. Thus they have dominated child pornography, the White slave trade, large parts of the trade in illegal drugs, the liquor business, and so on.
Well, I’m not the only one who has been thinking about Jewish criminals recendy. That’s what Mr. Clinton was doing during his last hours in the White House, as he put together his lists of criminals to receive presidential pardons or have their sentences commuted. Now, Jews comprise approximately 2.5 per cent of the U.S. population. They make up about half of one per cent of the U.S. prison population. That percentage is small not because the Jews don’t often break the law, but because they’re harder to catch, harder to convict, and harder to send to prison when they are convicted. They tend to avoid street crime and concentrate on so-called “white-collar crime,” which is much more difficult to prosecute.
Insurance fraud is one of their specialties: so much so that during the early part of the last century whenever an insured building in New York caught fire, the police investigators always suspected what they called “Jewish lightning.” But it wasn’t the Jewish owner of the building who poured the gasoline and tossed the match. Some Black who was paid $100 for the arson would actually light the fire, while the Jew was 150 miles away at some resort hotel in the Catskills, surrounded by alibi witnesses. Today fraud of one sort or another is still one of their biggest sources of income, and it has become much more profitable to defraud the government than it used to be to defraud private insurance companies. Generally they are able to afford good lawyers who more often than not will enable them to wriggle out of a tight spot with a favorable plea bargain when they do get caught.
Anyway, the figure I want you to remember for a moment is 0.5 per cent That is the percentage of the U.S. prison population that is Jewish.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
The percentage of convicted felons who are Jews is higher — around one per cent — because Jews are less often imprisoned even when they are convicted. Well, on the morning of January 20, just a couple of hours before leaving office, Mr. Clinton’s list of criminals whose sentences he had commuted or to whom he had given presidential pardons was released. He pardoned 140 people and commuted the sentences of 36.
Now, simply the fact that he waited until the last moment to reveal his list of pardons and commutations ought to raise the suspicion of any perceptive person. Clearly he waited until he was ready to walk out the door because he knew that there would be questions about his choices, and he didn’t want to have,to answer those questions. By the time the reporters had received his list and studied it, he no longer was President. What he had done could not be undone. It was one last swindling of the American people. Of the 140 felons receiving presidential pardons 17 are Jews. That’s 12 per cent: approximately 12 times the percentage of convicted felons who are Jews. Interesting, isn’t it?
Even more interesting is the fact that of the 36 persons whose sentences were commuted — convicted felons who were in prison serving their sentences on January 20 — nine are Jews. That’s 25 per cent of the total. That’s 50 times the percentage of Jews currendy in prison. That’s fek more than interesting, isn’t it? Do you m think that was just a fluke? I don’t.
Four of these nine Jews — Ben-W jamin Berger, Jacob Elbaum, David Goldstein, and Kalmen Stern — are Hasidic Jews who together swindled m the government out of tens of mil-W lions of dollars with various ffaudu-W lent schemes. They are prominent members of the New York Hasidic community of New Square. They set up a fictitious Jewish school, a yeshiva, and then collected tens of millions of dollars from various Federal programs to support the nonexistent school and its imaginary students. That’s tens of millions of dollars of our tax money.
Rumor has it that the Jews of New Square made a deal with Hillary Clinton before last November’s elections. They would vote for her in her New York Senate race if she would
Hillary and Bill Clinton
persuade her husband to get their four members out of prison. And that’s what happened. The vote in New Square in November was 99.3 per cent for Hillary — that’s 1,359 votes for her against 10 votes for her Republican opponent, Rick Lazio — and less than three months later all four New Square Jews had their sentences commuted. Amazing coincidence, isn’t it7 And remember, these Jews were the ultra-Orthodox variety, who more often than not vote Republican. Neighboring Hasidic communities voted overwhelmingly for Lazio, while New Square gave nearly every vote to Hillary. They must have known something we can only suspect.
The most interesting name on Clinton’s pardon list was that of convicted securities swindler, Jewish billionaire Marc Rich. Rich and his fellow Jewish securities swindler, Pin-cus Green, swindled the American public out of hundreds of millions of dollars back in the 1980s. Both were pardoned last month by Clinton.
Actually, Rich was involved in much more criminal activity than securities fraud. He is one of those super-rich international Jewish wheeler-dealers, in the Boris Berezovsky-Vladimir Gusinsky category.
As soon as they realized they were about to be arrested, Green and Rich both fled the country. They were convicted in absentia, but they’ve never served a day in prison for their crimes. That’s really a first for Clinton: giving a pardon to someone who is still a fugitive, someone who is still defying the law. Well, there’s more to the story. Rich’s former wife was dispatched as his ambassador to the Clinton government She has given more than a million dollars to the Clintons and the Democratic Party.
What all of this looks like to me is that Mr. Clinton stuck it to the American people one more time before leaving office by selling pardons and commutations to the highest bidders. That’s certainly what happened in the cases of Rich, Green, Berger, Elbaum, Goldstein, and Stern. But you know, there are some rich Colombian drug lords in prison who didn’t receive pardons, and there are some Jews who did receive pardons or commutations who couldn’t have paid much for them: Susan Rosenberg, for example, who was a member of a radical communist group that murdered two policemen and a guard in a bungled armored car robbery. She was sentenced to 58 years in prison for that, but now Big-Hearted Bill has turned her loose.
Many people besides me are very suspicious about Mr. Clinton’s pardons and commutations, and there has been talk of investigations. Because of the Jewish angle here, however, I won’t advise you to hold your breath while waiting for results from these investigations. There’s more than just bribery involved here, and it’s the sort of thing the media bosses would just as soon you not hear about.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Child Porn, Ecstasy, and Pardons,” aired on February 3, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
9
The “Peace Process”
For several weeks prior to the election of a new prime minister in Israel, the Israeli election campaign was a major story in all of the news media in the United States. Who will it be: Ariel Sharon, the Butcher of Beirut, who as Israels defense minister arranged and facilitated the murder of several thousand Palestinian women and children in refugee camps in Lebanon in September 1982? Or will it be Ehud Barak, who gave up a career as an international terrorist Co go into politics?
The media over here played the story as one of hawks versus doves. Sharon, the leader of the hawk faction, deliberately provoked the fighting of recent months between Jews and Palestinians with his visit to the Temple Mount last fall. The reason for that was to motivate his hawk constituency and provide a new power base for himself prior to the election. His plan seems to have been quite successful. Of course, what’s been going on between the Jews and the Palestinians since Sharon’s provocation last year isn’t fighting in the usual sense of the word: it’s Palestinian children throwing stones at heavily armed Jewish soldiers, who in turn have had snipers sitting behind barricades with rifles and telescopic sights and picking off the more active young Palestinians. At the same time the Jewish government has been sending out murder squads in civilian disguise to assassinate leaders of the Palestinian community in their homes. That’s why nearly all of those killed have been Palestinians.
Assassination used to be what Barak did for a living before he went into politics. He used to sneak into Lebanon under the cover of darkness to murder Palestinian writers, poets, and anyone else who might provide motivation and cohesion for the Palestinian resistance. In the recent election campaign he was portrayed as the dove, the would-be peacemaker. Some dove! To maintain the illusion his supporters were shown on American television marching in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem with signs calling for peace. Many of the signs were in English, however, a pretty good clue that they
really were aimed at American TV viewers rather than at Israeli voters.
Americans are perennial suckers when the call goes out to support the so-called “peace process” with another few billion dollars from the U.S. Treasury. The “peace process” has become almost as big a swindle as the “Holocaust” Undoubtedly, the Jews would like for the Palestinian children to stop throwing stones at them. They want the Palestinians to go back to carrying the water and hewing the wood for the Jews, like good Gentiles, and to give up their silly effort to get back their land. After all, the Jews’ tribal god Yahweh promised the Jews that they could steal that land, and that’s what they did, and now they have no intention of giving it back. That line goes over pretty well with the nutcase fundamentalist Christians in the United States, who were rooting for Sharon in the recent election. And the nutcase liberals in the United States, who really and truly believe that it is possible for the Palestinians and the Jews to coexist peacefully on Palestinian land, rooted for Barak.
The main thing for the Jews is to keep the laughable charade known as the “peace process” limping along without actually doing anything except demanding more money from American taxpayers and at the same time continuing to bleed the Palestinians by selectively killing off their leaders until they no longer have the will to resist Jewish domination. It worked for the Jews in Ukraine and Russia, in the Baltic states and in Poland, so why not in Palestine too?
The American liberals who have a hard time believing that the Jews are anything but the gende, inoffensive, peace-loving, humanitarian, violinplaying egalitarians that they pretend to be on their controlled television undoubtedly missed a news item from Israel last month. This is a report from Associated Press International, datelined Jerusalem, January 21. The report begins:
An Israeli court on Sunday sentenced a Jewish settler to community service and a fine for the beating and kicking death of an 11-year-old Palestinian boy The boy's father expressed outrage and accused the court of issuing a "license to kill."
The report goes on to say that the Jew, 36-year-old Nahum Korman, was a security guard at a Jewish setdement near Bethlehem. He drove into a nearby Palestinian village looking for Palestinian children who had been reported throwing stones at passing Israeli cars. He found 11-year-old Hilmi Shusha and decided to make an example of the boy. The Associated Press report continues:
The prosecution contended that Korman beat and kicked the child, knocked him down, put his foot on the boy's head, and struck him with a pistol. The boy suffered a head injury ana a fractured spinal cord and died tne next day in a hospital
The Jewish judge ordered Korman to perform community service and to pay a fine for killing the child.
Now, I’ll bet you didn’t read that report in the New York Times or the Washington Post. Both of those newspapers subscribe to the Associated Press wire. But this particular report was one that the Jewish bosses at those newspapers decided you didn’t need to see. It might have confused you. It doesn’t fit the picture of Jewish behavior or Jewish values they believe you should have. But it does fit the ages-old Jewish pattern. The key here is that the murderer was a Jew, and the victim was not. The Jewish religion permits Jews to murder Gentiles without penalty unless the murder might be discovered by other Gentiles and result in harm to the Jews. And that’s why Nahum Korman was fined and ordered to do community service: the Palestinians kicked up a fuss abut the murder, and it got picked up by foreign reporters.
If any lemmings are listening, they will not beliew a word of that, of course. They know that Judaism is pretty much like Christianity. Haven’t you beard of “Judeo-Christianity,” the “Judeo-Christian tradition,” and so on? All of the politicians and the Christian preachers and the media people use those terms all the time. And we all know that the Christians and the Jews have the same Ten Commandments, don’t we? Actually, the Jews and the Christians are related to one another in a very fundamental way: the relation is that of deceivers and deceived, of wolves and sheep. ...
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
“Crossfire"

A telling cartoon
What would they do without each other?
Lest I seem like a hypocrite, I should tell you that 1 am not denigrating the Jews because they value their own lives quite differently from the lives of non-Jews. I am not denigrating the Jews for not being the egalitarians they pretend to be. I am denigrating them for pretending to be what they are not No one in his right mind is an egalitarian. The members of every tribe that will survive very long on this planet value the lives of their fellow tribesmen above the lives of those who are not members of the tribe. Judaism is a survival-oriented religion. Christianity is not.
Perhaps a more meaningful and fcjdevant difference between the two Religions is that Judaism is a religion Hr survival in a multicultural society. I is a religion for governing the Behavior of a Jewish minority in the presence of a non-Jewish majority. Christianity, on the other hand, is a religion for governing the behavior of Christians in a homogeneous Christian society. In a multicultural society it becomes suicidal. Judaism makes very clear distinctions between Jews and non-Jews, and the rules ate differ-
ent for the way a Jew should behave toward his fellow Jews and the way he should behave toward non-Jews: quite different. In Christianity the rules are the same for everybody. That’s an important distinction, and it’s important for us to understand it. It’s important for the minority of Christians who aren’t lemmings to understand it too.
So again, I don’t denigrate Jews because they don’t believe in treating everyone the same. They want to survive, and there’s nothing wrong with wanting to survive. What’s pathological about the Jews is that they are constituted for existing as a predatory minority in a non-Jewish society. Judaism is a religion for predators. Christianity is a religion for pacifists. Judaism encourages deception. Christianity insists on truthfulness. Each is suited to a specific sort of environment.
The Jews, through their control of the mass media or news and entertainment, have deliberately changed the environment in America to suit themselves, to enhance their own survivability at the expense of the non-Jewish majority. That’s what they always do everywhere that they are
allowed to get away with it. That is their nature. That is why they often are successful, and it also is the reason why they are so hated and always have been. It is for good reason that we have the very well known and often used terms “anti-Semite” and “anti-Semitic,” but don’t have equivalent terms for other ethnic groups. “Anti-Semite,” of course is a bit of a misnomer. It doesn’t mean a person who doesn’t like Arabs or other Semites; it means only a person who doesn’t like Jews. There is no term “anti-Buddhist” or “anti-Hindu,” even though there are far more Buddhists and Hindus in the world than Jews. Believe me, the Jews are special. They are unique.
We may have conflicts with other groups — we may be threatened by other groups — but no other group has ever threatened our existence in the way we are threatened by the Jews.
Being predatory by nature may give the Jews certain survival advantages, just as it tends to get them into trouble a lot more often than is the case for most other groups. It also makes it very difficult for them to have a “normal” mode of existence: that is, to live only among themselves, instead of as a minority among non-Jews. In Israel, for example, aside from the Palestinians, and aside from the White women they import as sex slaves from eastern Europe, they have no one to prey on but themselves. Convincing their fellow Israelis to invest in fraudulent stock schemes is not as easy as selling the Brooklyn Bridge to naive Gentiles in America, so their predatory instincts tend to come to the fore in other ways: in the way they treat their own women, for example.
In this regard recent revelations about the sexual behavior of male Jews on Israeli kibbutzim are especially relevant. The kibbutz, or Jewish communal village, is an Israeli institution dating from the time before the Second World War when the lews were bent on proving to the world the virtues of communism. Everything in the communes is community property, including the children and the women. Children are taken from their parents shordy after being weaned and thereafter live in dormitories, where an extraordinarily large number of them are sexually abused. This sexual abuse of children became
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
11
entrenched in many kibbutzim because of taboos against seeking assistance from police or other authorities outside the kibbutzI The abusers were protected by a code of silence.
The code of silence was broken recendy when a former kibbutz member, Nahshon Golatz, filed a lawsuit against the kibbutz movement and the government of Israel seeking compen-sation for the abuse to which he had been subjected as a child. His lawsuit has opened a floodgate, and hum dreds of other former kibbutz members have come forward with their own horror stories: stories that most Jews would prefer to keep quiet. Several newspapers in Britain, including the Times and the Independent, reported some of the details last month, and this in turn has encouraged other kibbutz victims to speak out.
Especially interesting is the picture that has emerged of the treatment of women and girls in the kibbutzim. Rape is a common feature of kibbutz life. Women, teen-aged girls, even children as young as three years old are regularly raped, unless they have a male protector who is strong enough to fight off the gangs of rapists who prey on them. Gang rape of unprotected women is an especially popular sport among male kibbutzniks.
I’ll read you a few lines from a report that appeared in the British newspaper the Independent on January 20. The report quotes an Israeli woman, herself a former kibbutznik, who heads a rape-crisis center in Israel:
"There were girls who were fair game, whom it was permitted to victimize," she said. "A stranger won't understand, but on the kibbutz, sick as it may sound, the girls who were hurt were always from weak families."
She compared the predatory kibbutz male to "the tiger in the wild that marks out the wounded, limping ewe for himself and hurls himself on her — that was exactly how the attacking males, adolescents and adults, in the kibbutz identified the victims."
I am reminded of the horrible stories from the 1950s of what happened to German girls on Israeli kibbutzim. Ever since the Second World War, of course, the Germans have been exposed to nonstop Jewish propaganda about what terrible people they are for having been so nasty to
those wonderful, innocent, gifted, blameless, sensitive, violin-playing Jews who lived in Germany before Hider came along and got rid of all of them for no good reason. As usual, the young women were most affected by this guilt-propaganda, and after the establishment of the state of Israel in 1948, many guilt-stricken young German women went off to Israel to do penance by serving as volunteer workers on kibbutzim. Well, you can imagine what happened to those poor girls. Many of them simply disappeared. But they kept coming and kept disappearing because the German news media dared not report anything unfavorable about the Jews, and so it took a while for the news of what was happening to get out.
Anyway, we have a new prime minister in Israel now. I don’t know that he’s any more of a Jew than Ehud Barak was — a Jewish assassin has been replaced by a Jewish mass murderer — but I do suspect that the United States is more likely now to get pulled into yet another war in the Middle East to advance Jewish interests there.
George Bush is busy winning points with American conservatives by pushing for a big tax cut. He’s fighting the Democrats who want to use the money for more government-managed welfare programs of one sort or another in order to win points with their own constituency. This fight against the Democrats is making Bush a hero to conservatives, but I do not see Mr. Bush as a hero of any sort. In particular I do not believe he will stand up to Israel. I do not believe that he will resist the new demands that will be made on the United States by the Sharon government
I do not know exacdy what is being planned in Israel now. I do not know what the Israelis will use as a pretext for war. Perhaps it will be the claim that Saddam Hussein has developed new weapons of mass destruction and needs to be put down. Perhaps it will be Syrian troop movements. Perhaps it will be increased militance among the Palestinians. I do not know what it will be, but I see a war coming just as surely as I saw a war coming when Bill Clinton appointed an all-Jewish foreign-policy and national-security staff after his reelection in 1996. In early 1997 I pre-
dicted that Madeleine Albright and the rest of Bill Clinton’s all-Jewish crew would deliberately get us involved in another war, and two years later we were bombing Belgrade in preparation for turning the Serbs of Serbia’s Kosovo province over to the tender mercies of the KLA’s cutthroats.
Mr. Bush has all non-Jews out front now in the most visible positions on his foreign-policy and national-defense team. Cynic that I am, the reason that I see behind this is that when the war comes the public will not see any visible Jews out front leading the charge and so will not be inclined to say that the Jews dragged us into another war for Israel. And I believe that the war will come — in less than two years this time. And it certainly will be a war for Jewish interests, not our interests.
There cannot be peace in the Middle East as long as the Jews are determined to dominate the region. And the Jews, being what they are, will have it no other way. That’s why I call the so-called “peace process” in the Middle East a laughable charade, a deliberate fraud on the American people designed to keep them sending money and military equipment to the Jews. I am afraid, however, that this time it will be American blood as well that the Jews will expect us to supply in order to ensure their victory in their next war against their neighbors.
And you know, it’s more than our money and our blood. Think what it means for America publicly to support a country led by a creature such as Ariel Sharon. Most Americans and most Europeans and other people around the world weren’t aware that Ehud Barak worked as an international terrorist for the government of Israel in the past. But everyone knows what Ariel Sharon did in Lebanon. Everyone knows that he is a bloodthirsty mass murderer of women and children. And America will be supporting him. Mr. Bush will hug him when he comes to visit the White House. The other politicians in Washington will be falling all over themselves to shake his hand and have their pictures taken with him. A disgusting prospect.
You know, if Ariel Sharon showed up at the WTiite House with Nahum Korman, the Jewish setder
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
who was fined for kicking and stomp* ing an 11-year-old Palestinian child to death, I have no doubt that Mr. Bush would give Mr. Korman a big hug too. George Bush and Bill Clinton may have different policies on taxes, but when it comes to taking orders from their Jewish handlers, there is no difference at all between the two politicians.
And here we are sending U.S. military units, our soldiers, to Israel
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
now, this week, where the chances are excellent for them to become involved in hostile action — perhaps something else along the lines of the bombing of the USS Cole — giving Mr. Bush an excuse to get us even further entangled in Israel’s dirty affairs and ultimately in another war. I cannot help but think that that is exacdy what someone had in mind when the decision was made to deploy American
soldiers from their base in Germany to Israel this week.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The ‘Peace Process,’” aired on February 10, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Sharon, Rape, and the Wizard of Oz
There are so many things worthy of comment today that it’s difficult to make a choice.
Certainly, one of the more significant things is the world’s reaction — or lack of reaction — to the election of Ariel Sharon to be Israel’s prime minister, as soon as he can put together a government Do you remember the reaction of the mass media, the politicians, the leaders of the Christian churches, and all the rest of the big shots when Jorg Haider’s Freedom Party won enough parliamentary seats in the Austrian elections a little over a year ago to have a role in the Austrian government? Some countries recalled their ambassadors. Politicians around the world were shaking their fingers at Austria and announcing that they would not tolerate Haider’s participation in the Austrian government Trade embargoes against Austria were threatened. And the reason? Haider had broken some taboos by making statements the Jews didn’t like. He had said that there had been many decent people fighting on the German side during the Second World War, including people in the SS. He had said that some of Hider’s economic policies in the 1930s had made good sense. And he had called for a cutoff of immigration into Austria.
Now, Haider is not made of very stern stuff, and when he was criticized for his statements, he apologized and back-pedaled. But his apologies had not been enough, and the electoral success of his party resulted in a continuous barrage of sensationalistic media attacks against him and the ostracism of Austria by everyone who stepped to the music of a Jewish drummer.
Ariel Sharon at Temple Mount
So now Ariel Sharon is set to become the prime minister of Israel. Sharon is the man who, as Israel’s minister of defense in September 1982, during Israel’s invasion of Lebanon, made the arrangements for the slaughter of more than 3,000 Palestinian women and children in the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps just outside Beirut The Palestinian fighters had evacuated the camps, leaving their women and children behind, after being assured by the U.S. government
of Ronald Reagan that their families would be safe. As the Jews moved in, radio communications among Israeli military commanders were monitored in which they talked about carrying out “purging operations” in the refugee camps. Then the Jews surrounded the camps with their tanks so no one could escape and sent in the butchers. For two days they kept the camps sealed while the slaughter went on. They kept the camps illuminated with flares at night to assist the murder squads. That was Ariel Sharon’s work: more than 3,000 murdered women and children, murdered in a characteristically Jewish way after tricking the men into leaving their families unarmed and defenseless.
But the massacre of refugees in Sabra and Shatila that gave Sharon the nickname “Butcher of Beirut” wasn’t his only work. Long before 1982, when Sharon was an Israeli army general, he was notorious for the atrocities he and his troops committed. He liked nothing better than to sneak into an undefended Jordanian village at night with his soldiers and go on a throat-cutting rampage. After the reaction to his butchery in Sabra and Shatila in 1982, Sharon was obliged to resign as defense minister and leave politics for a while. But when he decided to run for prime minister last year, he prepared the way by deliberately provoking the violence and killing that have been so much in the news in recent months. At a moment when things were already extremely tense, he marched up to Jerusalem’s Temple Mount with a large contingent of armed bodyguards who chased away Moslem worshippers and caused outrage among
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 i Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
Palestinians. This outrage predictably erupted into stone throwing by Palestinian children and the shooting of Palestinian civilians by Jewish soldiers. Barak couldn’t restore order, and so Sharon beat him in last week’s election and won the chance to become prime minister in his place.
And where is the outrage among the politicians who were wagging their fingers at Jorg Haider a litde over a year ago? Where are the sensational media stories about Sharon’s criminal history? Why are the church leaders who condemned Haider’s “immoral” statements now silent? Who is threatening to recall an ambassador from Israel or to cut off trade with Israel?
This is a lesson for those with eyes to see. It is a lesson not so much about Israel’s atrocious behavior but about the hypocrisy and utter dishonesty that characterize virtually all of those outside Israel who occupy positions of power and influence. And it also is a lesson about the nature of our mass media, a lesson about the motivations of the men who control the media. The conventional wisdom is that the media are liberal, that the men who determine their policies are liberals, leftists. But that isn’t so. The truth of the matter is that the media are not liberal: they are Jewish. The men who control them are not liberals: they are Jews. And that is why the media reacted the way they did to Haider’s electoral success in Austria and to Sharon’s success in Israel. Understand? If you believe that you have any other explanation for their behavior, tell me about it.
Well, I could talk all day about this subject — about the absolutely fundamental problem for the whole world that this Jewish control of the media is — but let’s talk about some other things today. There have been lots of new Black-on-White crimes that the media bosses have decided that you don’t need to hear about An unfortunately high percentage of these crimes have been against young White women. In Litde Rock, Arkansas, for example, a serial rapist has raped at least eight White women at gunpoint during the past five weeks. I say “at least eight” because eight victims so far have come forward and given matching descriptions of the Black rapist to police. I have no idea how many other women have been too afraid or too embarrassed to go to
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
Lucie Blackman
the police or simply are unable to give an adequate description. Anyway, we have a Black rapist on the loose in Litde Rock who has brutally raped at gunpoint at least eight White women in die last five weeks, and it’s not news outside of Litde Rock.
Three months ago, back in November of last year, I told you about the disappearance of Lucie Blackman in Tokyo. Lucie was an exceptionally attractive 21-year-old English girl — a tall, slender, blue-eyed blonde — who went to Japan as a tourist and ended up working as a “hostess” in an exclusive Japanese businessmen’s club. And then she disappeared. In November I told you that although no trace of her had yet been found, Lucie almost certainly had been drugged, raped, and murdered by a Japanese real estate tycoon, Joji Obara, with whom she had been seen leaving the club. Obara liked tall, blonde girls and already had raped a number of them and gotten away with it Well, now Lucie has been found. That is, her head, her torso, and her hands have been found embedded in a concrete block a little over 200 yards from Obara’s waterfront luxury apartment It’s big news in Japan, but I'll bet you hadn’t heard about it I mean, what a story! Tall, beautiful English girl, wealthy father, redatory Japanese rapist who is a usiness tycoon, girl’s dismembered body discovered in concrete block near tycoon’s apartment, and it isn’t news in America!
Listen, this is another subject I could spend all day talking about I
13
have detailed reports on my desk right now of half a dozen other cases of White women raped or murdered or both by Blacks here in the United States in the past few weeks, and the news has been covered up except in the immediate areas where the crimes took place. I believe that it’s worthwhile continuing to talk about these crimes even after I’ve made my point because there always are new listeners who need to be convinced.
After I reported on the mass rape and murder of Whites in Wichita, Kansas, by two Blacks a few weeks ago, I had a number of new listeners write to tell me that they hadn’t believed me when they heard my broadcast, so they had checked it out themselves and were astounded to find out that it was true. They hadn’t thought it possible that anything so horrendous could be or would be covered up. They hadn’t believed that any responsible person — the news director for any national news medium, for example — would want to cover up such a thing. I believe that every time I talk about something like the Wichita massacre I help a few more people discover just how serious a problem we’re facing.
And certainly it’s a serious problem when the people who control the national media deliberately distort the news, suppressing some news and exaggerating other news, in order to mislead public opinion. That is a serious problem. But I’m afraid that often I am guilty of not probing the nature of the problem deeply enough. I’ll give you an example. Members of my organization, the National Alliance, have been distributing some of our publications in Little Rock recendy, calling attention to the rising incidence of Black crime against White people. This is a bit of a sensitive issue in Litde Rock at the moment because of the series of Black-on-White rapes there I mentioned a minute ago, and while the consciousness of the White citizens of Litde Rock is up a bit, we are seizing the opportunity to provide some information to them to which they otherwise might not be as receptive.
Well, the unfortunate fact of the matter is that a majority of the White citizens of Litde Rock — and every other city in the United States — are not receptive to any information or idea that is Politically Lncorrect, no
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
Various non-White rapists who have chosen only White victims
matter how atrocious the situation. They will cling to Political Correctness like a drowning man clings to a life preserver. They will think what they are told to think and say what they are told to say by Authority. They are lemmings.
After one of our distributions in Little Rock a couple of days ago I received a letter from a lemming there. He began his letter:
Get out of Little Rock! The last thing this city needs is a bunch of ignorant, shortsighted, ill-bred bigots tainting the rest of us with hate. I was disgusted when I saw hundreds of your organization's pamphlets littering the driveways of normal, decent people nere.
Et cetera. He went on to tell me in a prissy, self-righteous way that he is a White conservative who always votes Republican. He also said, however:
Give up your dream of a White nation. It is not going to happen, and it shouldn't. The world is a diverse place, and it is the better for it.
That, of course, is the party line of both the Democrats ana the Republicans, with perhaps a barely detectable difference in emphasis. “Diversity is good. More diversity is better” is the Politically Correct party line. The lemmings believe it because they have heard it direcdy from their Tv. Their favorite sports stars and Hollywood celebrities say the same thing. A1 Gore and George Bush say that they believe it, and, By golly, so does every lemming. And the lemmings never heard either A1 Gore or George Bush say a bad word about Black rapists who prey on White women. Their TV never has told them anything about Black rapists.
Undoubtedly they are against rape — at least, the respectable, Republican lemmings are. Presumably, the lemmings who have voted for Bill Clinton in the past can’t be very much against rape. But even the Republican lemmings will suddenly have very mixed feelings when the racial aspect of rape is raised. They know that it’s okay for them to be against rape. But it’s not okay to talk about or even think about Blacks raping White women. That hints of not being sufficiendy enthusiastic about the wonderful diversity that has been growing like a rapidly metastasizing cancer in our society for the past 40 years or so. The Correct party line is that diversity is all good; there must be no reservations about that: nothing that questions the goodness of diversity.
I mean, just imagine where talking or even thinking about Blacks raping White women might lead. One might think back to a time where Blacks raping White women was virtually unheard of, because, for one thing, Blacks weren’t permitted to hang around White neighborhoods, and for another thing, for a Black to lay a hand on a White woman meant certain death. One might then begin thinking about how and why such a big change has come about over the past 40 years. One might begin thinking about the relationship between the increase in diversity and the increase in the incidence of Blacks raping White women. Oooh! Very Incorrect thinking!
It’s easy to see why the Republican lemming who wrote to me from Litde Rock is upset. He is afraid that
if I and other National Alliance members talk about the racial aspects of rape in Litde Rock it will, to use his words, “taint the rest of us with hate.” Which is to say, that if National Alliance members in Litde Rock make a big enough fuss about Blacks raping White women there, and people in Litde Rock start thinking about it and talking about it, people in other parts of the country may suspect that the folks in Litde Rock are “tainted with hate.” They will suspect that the Republican lemmings of Litde Rock aren’t sufficiendy enthusiastic about increasing diversity there. I believe that, unfortunately, the Republican lemming who wrote to me is more concerned about that than he is about stopping the rape of White women by Blacks.
Ten years ago I used to think that the way to straighten out the thinking of Republican lemmings was to hit them up alongside the head with a piece of two-by-four or with a sturdy, oak table leg. Then as I learned more about lemmings I realized that wasn’t really necessary. Trauma and privation certainly aren’t bad things when people need to be reoriented, but what is far more effective is simply to change their authority figures. Lemmings don’t need to have their thinking straightened out with a piece of two-by-four, because in a very important sense of the word they don’t think.
The Republican lemming who wrote to me didn’t look at the evidence, think about it, and then come to the conclusion all by himself that more diversity is better. That’s what his TV told him, and he’s just parrot-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
ing it back. Lemmings no more think about what they’re saying than talking parrots do. That doesn’t necessarily mean that they’re stupid. This Little Rock Republican may be able to pro-gram his own VCR and figure out his income taxes all by himself, but when it comes to the question of Political Correctness, he does not think. It's a conditioned reflex.
I’ve talked with you before about this lemming phenomenon, but it’s an extremely important idea, and it leads to some very important practical conclusions, so I want now to run quickly through the idea once again. First, in the struggle for racial survival in which we are now engaged perception is extremely important. It is essential for people to believe that our struggle can be won. Many people who should be working with me or actively supporting me look at all of the people parroting back what they hear on TV, and they compare that 96 or 97 or 98 per cent of the White population with the very small number of people who are willing to speak out against Sumner Redstone’s plan for a more diverse America, and they are discouraged. They conclude that it’s hopeless, that the odds against us are too great, that the forces of lem-minghood are too strong. And so they give up. They won’t fight back.
But you know, that’s the wrong way to look at the struggle. It’s not us versus the lemmings. It’s us versus the people who tell the lemmings what to think. And that’s a very important distinction. I’m reminded of something I saw as a small boy. It’s the scene in The Wizard of Oz when Dorothy and her friends discover that the seemingly all-powerful wizard is not so powerful after all without his illusions and special effects. The Jews are primarily illusionists. They work behind their television screen to create the
FREE SPEECH for February 2001
illusion that everyone agrees with their poisonous ideas and is happy with the way Jews are pushing things: the illusion, for example, that every “normal, decent” person is happy with the trend toward more and more “diversity.” But pull the plug on their television, so that the illusions no longer appear on their screen, and one finds them not so formidable a force after all. And the lemmings, without being told what to think, can only mill around in confusion.
Which is not to say that the lemmings in their mindless millions are not dangerous and can be ignored. The point is that we don’t have to convert the lemmings. We don’t have to persuade them. We just need to whip the illusion-masters. Then the lemmings can be turned 180 degrees in a matter of weeks. The same lemmings who now call for more diversity — and really believe what they are saying — will be calling for racial cleansing and a homogeneous White America — and really will believe what they will say, when the mass media have been taken away from the Jews and returned to the control of our own people.
And that is why I emphasize over and over on these broadcasts the importance of being able to communicate with our people, the importance of breaking the Jewish monopoly control on the dissemination of information and ideas and images and illusions. The key to the survival of our people — the key to returning our people to moral and spiritual and racial health, the key to salvaging what is left of our civilization and our culture and restoring them to health and progress — is, first, to be able to compete effectively with the Jews in communicating with the non-lemming two or three or four per cent of the population able to
15
think for themselves; and then to smash the Jews’ grip on the media with which they control the thinking of the lemmings.
That certainly is not an easy task — but it’s a much more feasible task than trying to make the lemmings think for themselves, and it is more feasible than trying to convert the lemmings while the Jews are still in control of their machinery of illusion. So what we do now is continue to build our own media — continue to gain more listeners every week to these broadcasts; continue to build our ability to disseminate leaflets wherever they may reach anyone with an open mind; continue to make books and other printed material and audio material and video material available to people seeking the truth — and to do this faster than the Jews can move forward with their efforts to ban the First and Second Amendments, thereby oudawing their competition and assuring the perpetuation of their monopoly control of the minds of the lemmings.
We’ll talk more about this in later broadcasts, because it is by far the most important task for the survival of our people. But there are other things to talk about as well. I have been accumulating some interesting information on Mr. Clinton’s pardon of the fugitive Jewish billionaire criminal Marc Rich, and I’d like to share that information with you next week.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Sharon, Rape, and the Wizard of Oz,” aired on February 17, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.

— S* __1
.....viS
Sub scribe JbdHE
Enclose $40 for a one your subscription to
Name:
Address:


Mail to:
i
National Vanguard E P.O. Box 330 .. Hillsboro, WV 24&H


Your subscription helps to keep American Dissident Voices on the air. I
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year