FREE SPEECH • JANUARY 2003 • VOLUME IX, NO. I
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. — John Adams 1765
Contents
A Decent Burial (Part 1): Trent Lott and the Death of Conservatism
by Hadding Scott and Kevin Alfred Strom	7
A Decent Burial (Part 2): Republican Treason
by Hadding Scott and Kevin Alfred Strom	11
The Unraveling by Kevin Alfred Strom 15
To American Youth on the Eve of War
by Kevin Alfred Strom	18
ALSO IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH:
The FBI’s Terror Campaign to Destroy White Groups 3
The Strange Case of Matt Hale’s Arrest & Imprisonment 5
Under-Reported News You May Have Missed	22
Georgia Black Man Arrested for Grisly Mutilation
Murder of Elderly Nun From Ireland	24
FREE SPEECH
JANUARY 2003	VOLUME 9, NO.	1
5*6"
5*4".
FREE SPEECH is published approximately monthly by National Vanguard Books and features articles based on American Dissident Voices radio broadcasts as well as other articles of interest to patriotic Whites. Articles reflect the opinion of the authors and/or editor and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or polices of National Vanguard Books or any related organization.
Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year for U.S. and Canada. All other countries: $80. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. For $400 per year, instead of audio cassettes, you will receive audio CD’s. All available from National Vanguard Books. (See address below)
w
\ jWORLDWIDE f SHOftTWAVE^
s
~	i\\
V •>
:T^57Ml5

Y
KFNX
WWRB (worldwide shortwave) This station covers all of North America and most of the world. ADV is broadcast twice every Saturday at 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time (Saturday 23:00 UTC) and 11:00 p.m. Eastern Time (Sunday 4:00 UTC) at 5085 kHz and 6890 kHz. Frequencies change seasonally.
KFNX (Phoenix, Arizona) every Saturday afternoon at 4:30 p.m., 1100 AM.
WALE (Rl, CT, and MA): every Saturday afternoon at 4:00 p.m. on 990 AM.
WDCF (Dade City, FL) every Sunday evening at 9:00 p.m. 1350 AM.
WTAN (Clearwater, FL) every Sunday at midnight, 1340 AM.
American Dissident Voices Radio is on the Internet! natvan.com or natall.com
Book Catalog Available Over 100 Pages
Send $3.00 today for our huge book catalog for White patriots, containing over 600 books, tapes, and videos. Best & biggest catalog for Whites.
Is America Putting the Wrong Men in Jail?
Michael Chertoff is the assistant attorney general heading Bush’s 9/11 Task Force and runs the criminal division of the Justice Department. Known as a ruthless and relentless lawyer, he seems more interested in persecuting Whites than in prosecuting Middle Eastern Terrorists or Israeli drug merchants.
In 2000 he assisted ultraliberal elements in New Jersey in their assault on NJ law enforcement for “profiling.” He did that work for free, but was rewarded by President Bush with his current position.
In March 2003 Bush again rewarded Chertoff by appointing him to a lifetime federal circuit court of appeals judgeship, where he will replace another Jew, Morton I. Greenberg. His appointment will not be contested.
David Duke’s autobiography and detailed racial philosophy. 735 pages, hard cover $32.95, postpaid from National Vanguard Books at the below address.
My
Awakening
David Duke
National Vanguard Books • PO Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • USA
2 FREE SPEECH for January 2003
<D 2003 • National Vanguard Books
The FBI’s Terror Campaign to Destroy White Groups
Heavily-Armed, Large Gangs of the FBI’s Counter-Terrorism Task Force Hit in Coast-to-Coast Raids
In 2003 the FBI began a concerted campaign to destroy as many White groups and activists as they could. The FBI is bragging that they have arrested a dozen White “racists” in the last few months. While most of the targets were individual activists they did include both Matt Hale of the World Church of the Creator and David Duke.
These raids were not “business as usual” and represent a significant ratcheting up of the federal campaign against Whites. The legal pretext for most of the raids and arrests was shaky at best. And the FBI’s methods were extreme, overbearing. The following two examples show how the FBI uses the pretext of a technical violation of law, usually not related to race, to use massive force to raid a home. Once the home invasion starts the FBI’s Soviet-style thugs confiscate any and all materials and computers that are in any way associated with White activism.
Byron Calvert Raid. Byron Calvert’s home in Virginia was raided. Byron is an individual activist who has a wife and two young children. His activities include Internet, attending demonstrations, and producing some materials including T-shirts.
Calvert’s alleged crime was counterfeiting some Nike brand T-shirts.
Box 330 • Hillsboro 1WV 24946 1 $40/Year
Apparently, he had been experimenting with a parody of the Nike logo; sort of a “Nike and Nazi” theme. And it’s not clear that parody artwork is illegal. In any case, apparently he had not sold any “N&N” T-shirts and was just experimenting with designs.
Mr. Calvert discarded the rejects from his experiments in the trash. The FBI and/or their agent(s) had been snooping in the garbage of the Calvert household. And during their poking through his refuse they found the T-shirts.
One might have expected the Nike trademark holder to write Mr. Calvert a letter demanding an explanation and that he cease production. Or, in an extreme case, some sleepy-eyed FBI agent and his slack-jawed affirmative action partner might have shown up and asked some questions. But that’s not what happened to Byron and his family.
Byron’s home was invaded by a platoon of the FBI’s elite force of trained killers, the so-called “Counter-Terrorism Task Force” (CTTF). This is the FBI’s version of the U.S. Army Delta Force. The CTTF is not a police force but a military force. Their supposed purpose is to take out cells of trained, heavily-armed, Middle-Eastern terrorists. CTTF commandos are armed to the teeth with the latest CIA electronic and other gadgets, in addition to their normal submachine guns, grenades, grenade launchers, and so forth.
While the FBI claimed they were only interested in the T-shirt trademark violation, what they took was almost exclusively material related to Byron’s White racial activism. Byron was not arrested nor has he subsequently been
An FBI Armored Truck. The FBI also has armored tracked vehicles, numerous helicopters (including helicopter gunships), and fixed wing aircraft. In addition it can borrow equipment from the U.S. military; the FBI borrowed the heavy tanks it used in the Waco massacre.
charged with any offense including the alleged trademark violation.
The Chester Doles Raid. Chester Doles’ rural home in Georgia was raided 7 March 2003, when he and his family were not present. Eyewitnesses report that the FBI CTTF used as many as 50 to 100 armed commandos. Some were in plain clothes but others were in full SWAT gear and bristling with guns.
Mrs. Doles and some of the children arrived home during the raid. She was detained at the bottom of her driveway and not allowed into her house. The FBI was already inside ransacking her home and carrying off everything even remotely associated with race: their family computer, all of Chester’s and his family’s books, tapes, papers, and other materials. Even the children’s rooms were ransacked.
FREE SPEECH for January 2003
3
Chester Doles: Raided and arrested, 7 March 2003.
The FBI smashed in the door of an outbuilding that Mr. Doles occasionally uses for meetings. It too was ransacked and looted.
Mrs. Doles was carefully guarded, and an FBI agent even went with her when she went to the bathroom.
She was terrorized by the FBI and coerced into telephoning her husband and getting him to return home. When Chester arrived at home, he was arrested at the bottom of his driveway.
Anything you say to the FBI can and will be used against you.
The only thing you should say is: “Where is your warrant.” If they cannot immediately produce one, keep saying “leave immediately,” and you might add, “You are trespassing.”
If they do produce a warrant; read it carefully while you gather your thoughts and composure. Don 1 answer any questions; do not engage in any conversation; do not try to find out any information from them. Do not deny anthing. Do not insult them; do not try to get the best of them. Say nothing. Say nothing.
Evcrytime they ask anything your only response is, “1 demand to see an attorney.” Do not stay where you don’t want to be unless they have you under arrest or unless they specifically say that you may not leave.
The FBI used sophisticated metal detectors to search for buried firearms in the backyard; they found none.
The pretext for the raid on the Doles’ homestead was a firearms violation. Doles has served time in prison, and the FBI arrested him for living in the same residence where there are firearms. Chester owned no weapons himself, but his wife allegedly had one as did a couple of his sons. Virtually all rural households have some firearms.
The FBI obtained the information necessary to get the search warrant from a man who had claimed to be Chester’s friend and who had attended Chester’s monthly meetings for two years. It was also disclosed that the FBI had been spying on the Doles family for two years: observing where they shopped, etc.
What this means to Whites. (1) Do nothing illegal that will give the FBI an excuse. If you keep a reasonably low profile, there is little chance you will be harassed or targeted.
(2) The FBI can watch you, snoop through your garage, or ask others about you. (3) Anything you say to the FBI can and will be used against you. (4) The FBI is not your friend. The FBI is not neutral.
(5) The FBI has two main tools: (a) amassing a huge number of facts and analyzing them, and (b) intimidating witnesses. Don’t be intimidated.
It is critical that you be mentally prepared. Rehearse in your mind that you will demand a warrant or demand that they leave—that you will not engage in any conversation or answer any questions.
But most important, the FBI’s new reign of terror means that you must summon the courage to overcome your fears. A true patriot must be prepared to accept what comes, whether it is fair or not. Our race is what matters. Being overcome with fear of the FBI is cowardly and unpatriotic.
It also means that the time to act is now: increase putting out materials; increase your recruiting; and increase your cash donations. We need you now more than ever. This is your fight, and you must take personal responsibility to fight it as an individual in the Western tradition.
Observation Aircraft. The FBI and other police agencies use small single-engine observation airplanes often white. The Cessna 182 pictured above is typical of an FBI observation aircraft. From below it would appear white and might, like the model above, not have retractable landing gear. It would also appear to have long square-ended wings. With a little practice you should be able to tell the sound of a single-engine plane from a two-engine plane. A two-engine plane makes a droning sound apparently caused by mixing the sound of the two engines. A single-engine aircraft sounds like an engine.
Spy planes typically show up when they think the subject of their spying is likely to be on the move: at noon, when he is likely to be going to and from work, or when they know of a meeting he might attend. They often circle once or twice and then move on.
Private pilots do occasionally circle, but if you see an aircraft circling more than once in a two week period, it is probably a law enforcement observation plane.
In February of 2003 residents of Bloomington, Illinois noticed a circling white Cessna 182. Fearing terrorism they reported it to the police. The FBI denied it was theirs. Residents continued to spot and report the aircraft. And a few days later the FBI admitted that it was theirs and denied that they had previously denied that it was. The local media speculated that it was watching foreign students at Indiana University. The airplane was most commonly seen at noon and at night.
It is virtually certain that the FBI used observation airplanes in the raids described in accompanying articles.
4 FREE SPEECH for January 2003
The Strange Case of Matt Hale’s Arrest and Imprisonment
Matt Hale Speaks: This photo, taken at a library, illustrates much about Matt Hale and his WCOTC. Hale was speaking to a mixed crowd of supporters and opponents (“anti-racist” thugs, Blacks, and Jews). Hale, in the center, is giving the roman salute to energize supporters and enrage opponents. His speaking engagements occasionally ended in full-scale riots and/or brawls.
On your left is “Brother Tony” (in the dark glasses), an FBI plant. He became head of Hale’s security and sold Hale out for the $50,000 that he received for four years of treacherous spying.
The man on your right (wearing a WCOTC security team white beret) is, perhaps, typical of Hale’s young supporters. Hale’s supporters, both men and women, were willing to defend themselves from attackers. Generally, more anti-racists were arrested than Hale supporters.
Though Hale’s group was not large, his antics attracted the wrath of the Jewish ADL and Southern Poverty Law Center.
Matt Hale was arrested on 8 January 2003 on federal charges of soliciting someone to murder a federal judge. The “Justice Department” and the FBI have refused to release any but a tiny bit of information. In fact, they are not even allowing Hale to talk to his lawyer.
Hale heads the World Church of the Creator (WCOTC), a White nationalist group whose anti-Christian theme is as strong as its pro-White theme. The WCOTC has been a largely one-man operation run out of the East Peoria house of Matt Hale’s father, Russell Hale. Matt Hale has produced his own materials and even did most of the grunt work on his mass mailings. He was unable to attract any staff members; likely the WCOTC didn’t have the funds to pay potential staff members’ living expenses.
Hale had recently been in federal court trying to keep the name “World Church of the Creator,” which an obscure, tiny, shadowy group in Ashland, Oregon, the TE-TA-MA Truth Foundation claimed was exclusively theirs. Hale won in Judge Joan Lefkow’s U.S. District Federal Court in Chicago but lost in a later federal appeals court. In 1973 Ben Klassen formed the Church of the Creator, which Hale has headed since 1996. However, the Oregon group received a federal trademark in 1988, and in the summer of 2002 the appeals court sided with them.
Hale immediately made plans to appeal, and vowed, “We won’t (change our name) under any circumstances. I would rather go to jail than forsake my religion.”
Having been reversed by a higher court. Judge Lefkow was left to enforce the higher court’s decision. In December 2002 she ordered Hale not to use the name “World Church of the Creator,” “WCOTC,” or any name that included both the words “creator” and “church.” He was further ordered to hand over all printed materials containing the words “World Church of the Creator.” The
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
WCOTC’s inventory of books and materials is their main financial asset. More importantly. Hale considers the name, “World Church of the Creator” to be holy, and he vowed, “No Tyrant’s paws will ensnare our Holy Scriptures!... I am planning many surprises for our enemies both inside the courtroom and out.”
On December 13, 2002, Judge Lefkow ordered a contempt hearing for
Hale, and he was walking up the courthouse steps for that hearing on 9 January 2003 when he was arrested on the charges of trying to have Lefkow murdered.
Ambush at the Courthouse:
FBI’s Made for TV Arrest
Matt Hale, who the media describes as a “slight built” violinist, was
FREE SPEECH for January 2003
5
Matt Hale took the high-risk, high-profile path. In addition to the legal risks of holding meetings under riotous conditions, he often found himself in court. He fought numerous and prolonged court battles including: admittance to the Illinois bar, trademark infringement on “Church of the Creator,” and the right to speak in public libraries.
These tactics are in some ways opposite of those of the National Alliance. Legal battles cost a great deal both in staff time and in attorney’s fees. The National Alliance is fighting for the survival of the White race, not for legal “rights,” in an enemy controlled court system. There will be no real rights until a White nation is reestablished.
approaching the courthouse, unarmed, unsuspecting, and expecting a rough day in court. Awaiting him was an ambush by a handpicked unit of the FBI’s elite Counter-Terrorism Task Force complete with the media’s TV cameras and tape recorders running. It was a setup show arrest: one unarmed man against a massive show of force and weapons by the Secret Police’s machinegun-toting hit squad.
Once they had Matt Hale locked up, the FBI descended on Matt Hale’s father’s home. In a scene reminiscent of the looters during the Los Angeles riots, the FBI ransacked and looted the house. It
took them eight hours to confiscate everything. They took all the WCOTC materials, all of Matt Hale’s personal papers, flags, etc. They took his computer, his files of press clippings, personal photos, and even the Israeli flag he used for a doormat. The only thing they didn’t take was a sticker attached to the doorframe of his office.
A second FBI looting team descended on the home of Peggy Anderson, Hale’s secret wife. They had met through mutual love of music; Matt Hale was an accomplished violinist. They had kept their marriage secret so that she would not be caught up in the publicity of Hale’s White activism. That raid on the Anderson home not only netted the FBI another load of Hale’s personal effects, but also “outed” Hale’s wife, effectively destroying his personal life.
The FBI Plant and The FBI’s Stealth Case
The FBI has attempted to plant their agents, their lying, cowardly, paid snitches, in White organizations not agreeing with the Clinton-Bush racial and international agenda. “Brother Tony” was a plant in the WCOTC and weaseled his way to become head of Matt Hale’s security team. A second FBI paid snitch talked to Matt Hale on the telephone the night before the ambush at the courthouse. Both snitches are now in hiding.
It appears that Brother Tony’s actions went beyond spying. The FBI has covered-up exactly what happened, and refuses to divulge their alleged proof that Hale did any wrong. However, it appears that “Tony the Tattler,” without any encouragement from Hale, offered to murder Judge Lefkow. Hale repeatedly turned him down. Previously Hale had asked Tony to find information on Lefkow including her home address. Apparently Hale was considering the common but immature, counterproductive, and occasionally illegal tactic of “outing” the judge: that is, publishing her home address, telephone number, etc. to allow others the chance to bother her. Apparently, Hale finally grew tried of Tony’s rantings, and when Tony said he was going to “exterminate the rat,” Hale reportedly said, “Good.” As far as we know that is the FBI’s whole case.
6 FREE SPEECH for January 2003
Tony the Tattler was paid $50,(ty, the FBI over the four years that^ informed on Matt Hale. He ^ apparently planted just after WCOTC J member Benjamin Smith gunned <W nine non-Whites, killing two in July 19^
In four years of spying, the Tattler ^ only able to trick Hale into this on{ allegedly illegal mistake. WhetherTo^ was also working for the Southern Poverty Law Center, which seems to maintain its own gang of paid informants is not known.
Hale Held Under Extreme Security: Cannot Even Talk with His Lawyer
On 24 February 2003, U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft personally interfered with Hale’s rights. Hale who is locked in prison, is not allowed to communicate with outsiders including his lawyer, except under very restricted circumstances. Ashcroft’s order, reminiscent of the worst of the Soviet Secret Police, is a “special administrative order” that only Ashcroft can invoke in domestic cases. The object of the rarely used federal power is to completely silence an incarcerated terrorist or foreign espionage agent. Apparently, they believe that a single letter or phone call could result in Hale’s co-conspirators unleashing a wave of terrorism. More likely they are simply trying to silence him or prevent him from getting a fair trial.
Ashcroft also used this rare, and perhaps unconstitutional and illegal, power to silence Zacarias Moussaoui, who is accused of being involved in the 9-11 attacks. It has never been used against the Jewish and other mafia bosses who are allowed to run their criminal gangs from federal prison. Nor is it being used against Israeli master spy Jonathan Pollard, whose Jewish handlers are allowed access, and who remains openly on the Israeli government’s payroll.
Needless to say, using this power against Moussaoui has attracted much media attention while using it against Matt Hale, so far has only been mentioned in one local Illinois newspaper.
As we go to press the FBI and federal prosecutors continue to hold Matt Hale a prisoner, continue to block him from any contact with the outside world, and continue to refuse to provide any but the scantiest details of his alleged crime.
© 2003 • National Vanguard ^
A Decent Burial: Trent Lott and the
Death of Conservatism
by Hadding Scott and Kevin Alfred Strom
Recently there has been a lot of wailing and gnashing of teeth in the media and among media-puppet politicians because Mississippi Senator Trent Lott, at a birthday party for the centenarian senator from South Carolina, Strom Thurmond, said something really good and wholesome. Lott said: “I want to say this about my state. When Strom Thurmond ran for president, we voted for him. We’re proud of him. And if the rest of the country had followed our lead, we wouldn’t have had all these problems over all these years, either.” Any sensible White person aware of the motives behind Thurmond’s departure along with other Southern Whites from the increasingly anti-White and anti-Southern Democratic Party would have to agree that what Trent Lott said was true. Let us look at the historical context that gives Senator Lott’s statement its meaning.
In 1948, after anti-White policies were approved at the national Democratic convention, many of the delegates from Southern states simply got up and walked out. They formed their own party, the States Rights Democratic Party, the “Dixiecrats.” They nominated Governor Strom Thurmond as their presidential candidate.
John West, a former governor of South Carolina was a law student when Strom Thurmond was the Dixiecrats’ presidential candidate. Governor West recalled, “There was a tremendous emotional fear among the white community that integration would mean white girls dating black men, amalgamation of the races ... the feeling was, I hate to say it, overwhelming, if not unanimous among the white community.” Motivated by a visceral revulsion in foreseeing the pollution of their race under the policies of Harry Truman’s
proposed “Fair Deal,” the Dixiecrats highest hope in the 1948 election was not to win the presidency; no, that was out of the question. What they did hope was to spoil the election by forcing it into the House of Representatives, so that the
“All the laws of Washington and all the bayonets of the Army cannot force the Negro into our homes, our schools, our churches.”
—Strom Thurmond, 1948
In 1958 Eisenhower’s bayonets forced the Negro into our schools; by 1968 non-Whites had all the laws they needed to destroy Whites; and today the government pays the high rental costs of moving ghetto Negroes into once-decent White neighborhoods.
Thurmond’s Dixiecrat Party was the last chance for Whites to win in the democratic process. Today not one politician of any note—Republican, Democrat, or independent—supports Whites.
interests of Southern White people would not be treated so contemptuously again.
Strom Thurmond declared during the campaign, “All the laws of Washington and all the bayonets of the Army cannot force the Negro into our homes, our schools, our churches.” And the Dixiecrats’ party-platform stated, “We stand for the segregation of the races and the racial integrity of each race.” The presidential candidate of the impromptu Dixiecrat political party won in Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana and South Carolina.
Harry S Truman was reelected—just barely—in spite of the Dixiecrats. Truman appointed a “Committee on Civil Rights” to fill in the details of his program of gradual genocide of the White race.
For decades Strom Thurmond fought a delaying action, often alone, against both political parties, which were trying to destroy our liberty. One of his more sucessful tactics, known as the filibuster, was to take the Senate floor and refuse to give it up. He once spoke for over 24 hours straight.
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
FREE SPEECH for January 2003
7
That failed effort benefited Strom Thurmond personally, giving him important political experience, and winning deep-seated loyalty in his home state. In 1954 he was elected to the Senate as a write-in candidate, where he became a tireless opponent of anti-White measures. In 1957 Strom Thurmond set a record that still stands by filibustering against a so-called “civil rights’" bill for 24 hours and 18 minutes.
It was this younger and more vigorous Strom Thurmond for whom Trent Lott was expressing specific admiration on the centenarian senator’s birthday, not the already very elderly senator who sometimes appeared to have lost sight of everything that he stood for. For example, he voted to extend the Voting Rights Act in 1982 and voted— against Trent Lott—for the national Martin Luther King holiday. Of course an 80 year-old man does not have the energy for struggle that the 46 year-old Strom Thurmond had, and 1 do not see these failings in old age as a sign that his more heroic positions were in any way inauthentic.
In praising the presidential bid of Strom Thurmond, Trent Lott was saying something with which all sane White people must certainly agTee. For a White person to join in with the Jew-dominated media and to disapprove of a rebellion under such circumstances, is to disapprove of the survival of one’s own kind.
Trent Lott’s politics in the Senate have agreed with his praise of the young Strom Thurmond, and the voters of Mississippi have approved of Lott’s politics. In 1979, Lott was part of a bipartisan movement to make a constitutional amendment against school busing, which failed by only seven votes. In the 1980s, Lott was opposed to extending the Voting Rights Act and opposed to establishing “Martin Luther King Day” as a federal holiday. On the Voting Rights Act, in 1981, he was one of 17 Republicans and seven Democrats, voting against extending that law, which struck down obstacles between non-Whites and polling places. Also in 1981, Lott filed an amicus curiae brief with the Supreme Court in defense of tax exemption for Bob Jones University,
Strom Thurmond: 80
1922 Clemson senior in his military uniform full of idealism and patriotism toward both race and country. No U.S. politician in the 20th Century would fight harder than he for American Whites.
Years of Public
2002 retiring U.S. Senator in a wheelchair after having moderated and compromised until he was no longer a patriot. He left as a man hated by both politcial parties: revered by White patriots for what he once was and despised for what he had become.
which was under attack for its prohibition of interracial dating. Much was at stake in the Bob Jones case, because a favorable ruling would have benefited hundreds of other White “segregation academies” established in the wake of integration orders. In 1983, Lott was one of 98 House members who opposed the King holiday. Despite having taken all of these horribly “racist” positions, a 1995 poll by Political/Media Research Inc. indicated that Lott earned the second best constituent ranking in the Senate with a 75 percent positive rating. No doubt, there are many Mississippians who believe as Lott does.
Lott’s career has been one of
opposing anti-White policies, wherein he
has avoided saying that he was opposed to these policies because they were harmful to White people. When interviewed about his opposition to the King holiday by Southern Partisan magazine. Lott justified his position in
terms of technicalities.
“Look at the cost involved in the
Martin Luther King holiday and the fact that we have not done it for a lot of other people that were more deserving.
Lott thus confined himself, as is typical for conservatives these days, to complaining about side-issues, about costs, and about a lack of equitability in the choice of subjects for a holiday. The perennial battle cries of so-called conservatives, whom too many people still think are defending the interests of our race, are, “That’s not fair!” and “That’s going to cost a lot of money!” It is truly pathetic. The posture of the conservatives is completely defensive. They really act like they have been whipped before they have even put up a fight. In effect they are begging for mercy on our behalf—mercy that neither they nor we will receive. I don’t know about you, but I feel embarrassed and disgusted that this is the most ardent advocacy that our race receives in national politics. Surely the race that produced virtually all of modem technology and culture, and which dominated the entire world only a few decades ago, deserves a better advocacy than this perennial whining about expenditures and unfairness.
Lott’s comment about Strom Thurmond was something other than the usual pitiful complaining about unfairness and expenditures, which conservatives
© 2003 • National Vanguard Books
8 FREE SPEECH for January 2003
By apologizing and crawling, Trent Lott set himself up to be criticized by every lowlife, White-hating clown. Instead of telling them to go to hell, Lott just took their abuse.
A few of the finger waggers and talking heads that Lott allowed to abuse him were, clockwise starting at the top: Maxine Waters, Jesse Jackson, William Kristol, John Lewis, Kweisi Mfume, and George Bush. Only one elected official in Washington tried to defend Lott, and he quickly backed off when the media went after him. Politics in America are such that not only won’t a man’s friends defend him, but also a man will not defend himself.
Our mass democracy system, driven by the media, is totally corrupt and only a fool thinks that there is any “great White hope" out there to be elected. At first some unusual politicians might look good, but one eventually realizes that he is just another self-promoter that will sell out his race. Giving any support to a candidate is a total waste of time. But then some of the people can be fooled all of the time.
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
FREE SPEECH for January 2003
9
arc customarily allowed to do. It amounts to a radical criticism of the status quo in this country. This country took a wrong turn by not electing Strom Thurmond in 1948, and is in trouble because of it. That is the gist of what Trent Lott said.
Of course this has drawn criticism from the enemies of our people, who benefit from the sad situation that we are in today. The last thing that the Jews who manipulate our political and our cultural life want, is for our people to be reminded that our society was not always the way it is now. If things were not always going the way they are now, then there is no particular reason to regard the current state of affairs as sacred and unalterable. They want us to think the current state of affairs is sacred and unalterable. We have been led into circumstances that are designed to destroy our race, and we are expected to finish out the history of our race with blinders on, offering little or no resistance to our Jewish sheep-herders. But when somebody reminisces out loud about the fact that we were not always headed toward our doom as we are now, that lets just a bit of light in and shows our people that a different way was and is possible.
Trent Lott’s subtly stated but radical critique of the current anti-White status quo received only slight notice in the initial reporting on Thurmond’s birthday party, and no negative comment at all except in an Internet piece.
But late that afternoon Lott’s office was contacted by the Jewish-owned Washington Post's reporter Thomas B. Edsall, who has made a name for himself by journalistic sniping at, and “outing” various public figures who seem as if they might have some concern for the interests of White people. Edsall confronted Lott’s assistant with the implications of what Lott had said, and received the reply, “Senator Lott’s remarks were intended to pay tribute to a remarkable man who led a remarkable life. To read anything more into these comments is wrong.”
This was not the first time that Edsall had preyed on Trent Lott. Most notably Edsall had plagued the Senator regarding his association with the non-radical though pro-White Council of Conservative Citizens. Edsall solicited
10 FREE SPEECH for January 2003
criticisms of Lott’s praise of Strom Thurmond from various so-called conservatives like the Jew William Kristol, who is of course no friend of White segregationists, although Zionist segregationism suits him just fine and should be supported at all costs.
(I should note here that Trent Lott, like most Southern Conservatives, is a slavish supporter of the Zionist state, and perhaps his support for the Jews in this respect bought him a little temporary indulgence from the Jews of the media regarding Black-versus-White issues, but in the end it does not seem to have been worth much. Why should it, when slavishly pro-Zionist politicians are a dime a dozen?)
On Saturday, December 7, the second day after the birthday party, the Washington Post, alone of all the major media, put out a story highlighting the radical implications latent in Lott’s casual statement. It was titled, “Lott Decried For Part Of Salute to Thurmond.” This is a somewhat ironic title because there was essentially no public criticism of the statement until Edsall solicited the criticisms of Black Democrat politician John Lewis, and Jewish “neoconservative” William Kristol, which he printed in his story. In case anybody didn’t get the point, Edsall concluded with a brief rehash of Lott’s informal association with the Council of Conservative Citizens and finally a reaction from the organization’s director, who said simply, “God bless Trent Lott!” If Edsall had solicited more comments like that last one, he could have titled the story, “Lott Praised for Salute to Thurmond.”
This is a clear example of how the Jewish-owned media create a story that reflects their bias. In this case it is a manufactured story that led Lott to resign as future Senate majority leader, and increase the kind of craven behavior that he displayed Monday night on Sumner Redstone’s Black Entertainment Television, where he tried to prove he is
not a “racist”
This sad dilemma is, however, Trent Lott’s choice. The coward dies a thousand deaths, and Trent Lott has died a few of them. Lott’s response was to do what conservative politicians typically do when
they say what is really in their suppo% hearts: he backed down. He denied^ he believes what he said he believes. H denied that he believes what millions of dispossessed White men and womeil believe very strongly. By backing down and dissimulating like this, Lott evidently thought he could make his political life easier and more secure. He had saved himself once before through this kind of dissimulation. In 1999, after the Jews raised a fuss over Trent Lott’s informal connections to the Council of Conservative Citizens, he sent an apology to the head of the Jewish Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B ’rith, Abe Foxman, claiming, “I can’t imagine being associated with an organization that promotes any form of racial supremacy.” That apology in 1999, that denial that he knew that the CCC was pro-White, was certainly not believed by very many informed people—and at this point it is incomprehensible that he could lie his way out of another such accusation. It should have been obvious that no person of at least moderate intelligence could believe that Trent Lott did not mean what he obviously did mean. In lying Trent Lott made himself look ridiculous; he gave anti-White buffoons like A1 Sharpton, Jesse Jackson, and Maxine Waters the opportunity to stand on the moral high ground, accusing Trent Lott with some rather obvious facts. This was also not the greatest moment for the few conservative would-be apologists for Lott, like Pat Buchanan, who could do no better than to ask the “benefit of the doubt” for him.
Since the basis for defending Trent Lott’s praise of Strom Thurmond had been established by Trent Lott himself as essentially a denial of what he obviously meant, rather than a righteous defense of the right to champion our race, there was no way that these die-hard, true Conservatives could come across in this argument as anything other than political shysters. Trent Lott has embarrassed himself and his defenders embarrassed themselves in trying to defend his indefensible position, and the weakness that Trent Lott displayed is an embarrassment for all of us as White people.
• National	c,__
When your “friend” pretends you are not there, it is not time to bow and scrape to him. It is time to find a new friend.
Why sully good, clean concern for one’s race with sleazy sophistry and lying? Why was it necessary to lie, as if being concerned for the survival of one’s race were dishonorable? Suppose that Trent Lott, instead of alternately denying and apologizing for an astute observation about what is and is not beneficial to our race, had held his head high and made the undoing of all the damage done since 1948 into his new political theme? What if he had said, “yes, I am interested in how issues affect my race—as are the people of Mississippi whom I represent”! If Trent Lott had responded to the
challenge of the Jewish media this way, with a courageous affirmation, instead of the coward’s way of denial and pretended guilt which he has taken, he would have set an example of defiance for the many still-proud White people of this country. The media-Jews would have ended up wishing that this was one can of worms that they had never opened. If Trent Lott were really like the Dixiecrats of 1948 that is what he would have done.
In the Article below, we continue our discussion of Trent Lott and the utter worthlessness of the “conservative movement” in the battle for the survival of White people.
A Decent Burial: Republican Treason
by Hadding Scott and Kevin Alfred Strom
Why are whining cowards like Trent Lott the best representation that White people can get in American politics today? It is because the anti-White Republican Party does not allow anything more than that. With Lott being forced out, it appears that even his brand of apologetic occasional sympathy for the dying White race will not be allowed any longer by the Republican Party. This is a real change, and it opens up a universe of possibilities.
Some commentators, like syndicated radio talk show host Neil Boortz, are suggesting that Lott’s resignation was a good thing, because, if he had stayed on as an embattled Majority Leader, the accusations that he is “racist” would have forced him to compensate by being overly indulgent of Black antics. There’s a faint glimmer of truth in that argument, but it is very faint. That argument fails to take into account the reality that the Republican party itself and the entire status quo in this country have been overly indulgent of the antics of Blacks and other racial minorities for about 40 years! Overindulgence of racial
minorities is what White people are expected to do to ‘get along.’ Ideally, according to the current paradigm (example or model), one should really worship the Blacks, as the ‘wiggers’ do, exemplifying the most advanced stage of this disease with backward baseball caps, pants that dangle, and a pathetic aping of the ‘gangstarap’ style. On Jewish-owned [Sumner Redstone’s] Black Entertainment Television, Lott’s attitude toward the Black host was properly worshipful and submissive. Lott is simply getting in step with the sheep. And the sheep are all herded along in the same direction, just at slightly different rates. The two flocks of sheep that are called political parties. Being a member of these flocks means, above all, not showing any inclination to go in a direction other than where the herdsmen want you to go. If you start talking like a White patriot, and start telling the other sheep that there is a better path that the flock should have taken back in 1948, that talk is not going to make the herdsmen happy. They want all the sheep to think that there are no other choices other than that of heading
for the slaughterhouse at a trot—or heading for the slaughterhouse at a gallop.
On the Monday after his remarks at Strom Thurmond’s birthday party, Trent Lott described his tribute to Thurmond as just part of a “lighthearted celebration.” Then, as criticism mounted, he
When someone like Trent Lott is not welcome in the Republican Party, how welcome do you think you would be?
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 I $40/Year
FREE SPEECH for January 2003	11
apologized to anyone who had been offended and said he had not intended to “embrace discarded policies of the past.” On Wednesday, Lott again apologized and described his remarks as “terrible... poorly chosen and insensitive” and “a mistake of the head, not the heart,” borrowing a phrase once used by the Rev. Jesse Jackson to apologize for an “anti-Semitic” comment.
Let me tell you something, Trent Lott: There is nothing disreputable about wanting to preserve the future of our race. But when politicians like you try to do it furtively, and then deny it when they are caught, this has the unfortunate effect of making our collective drive for survival seem disreputable.
The dishonest contortions that our public figures go through so as not to appear to be standing up for White people are powerful evidence that we need our own, all-White society.
The Republican leadership is eager to root out patriotic White people from its ranks. They are so eager that they may well lose control of the Senate now that they have forced Trent Lott’s resignation. When I say that the Republicans are eager to root out White patriots, I do not mean among voters. If the United States electoral system were one of proportional representation, where each party is represented in proportion to its votes received, the party led by Strom Thurmond could have prospered and grown to become a major force in American politics. Instead, the Dixiecrats drifted over to the Republican Party. The Republican party would not be where it is today without the shift toward its side of the many, many. White voters in North and South alike, who do not wish to see their children mate with Blacks. No, the Republican Party establishment does not want to lose the “racist” voters upon whom it depends. But it does take them for granted, assuming they have nowhere else to go, and it does treat them with contempt, and it is hell-bent on denying them any real representation.
Trent Lott’s statement about the Dixiecrats was a statement of political opinion, to which we are all entitled. But President Bush condemned him for his mild statement that America could have avoided a lot of problems if the Dixiecrats
White sentiment are fooled is
ex-Marxist David Horowitz
George Bush to Trent Lott: "Any suggestion that the segregated past was acceptable or positive is offensive and it is wrong.” Bush is no better than Clinton.
had won the presidency. Indeed, George W. Bush has gone even beyond that, denying that an elected representative of some racially conscious White people has the right to allude—even indirectly—to what our people believe and feel. Bush jumped on the bandwagon, saying “Any suggestion that the segregated past was acceptable or positive is offensive and it is wrong.”
For years the Republican Party has tried to smooth over the differences within its coalition by deceiving the pro-White supporters of the party into thinking that their stake in the party is greater than it actually is. One especially clear example of how persons of pro-

has written several books
toe],
1
%
W,H

David Horowitz is concerned that some anti-White policies may cause a White backlash. He tries to profit from that backlash by deflecting Whites’ concerns and offering them false hope.
Hating Whitey, intended to be s0| ^
White readership—White people^*0
course are starved for recognition of of their problems such as anti.% crime and anti-White discrimination k White person who cares about hjs!J and reads Horowitz carefully, however which most people do not do—wili^ disappointed to learn that Horowitz the Jew has no interest whatsoever in preserving the White race. On the contrary, he complains that the more blatant anti-White policies actually backfired and have increased racial separatism. That is the kind of thing that worries Horowitz; he is not interested in the survival of the White race at all. But this fact is missed by many readers, who seem to regard his books simply as collections of useful anecdotes for complaining about how “unfair things are, a typical conservative playpen activity.
One of the greatest tools of the Republican Party is so-called ‘right-wing talk radio. The stock-in-trade for right-wing’ talk radio for a long time has been to make provocative sounding statements in a vaguely patriotic or moral vein while scrupulously avoiding explicit “racism. The cynical hack Rush Limbaugh is fond of saying that there is a “culture war going on in the U.S. today. Limbaugh is able to get away with something vaguely provocative like that because (following instructions) he confines himself to side-issues and never says what the real conflict is all about. But when Trent Lott suggests that the so-called “culture war” is in some ways actually a race war, that is not tolerated.
The Republicans’ idea of how to keep racially-conscious Whites voting for them seems to be this: making sure that the Republican policy positions are always just a bit less anti-White than those of the Democrats. In the two-party system with which we are saddled, the Republicans believe that you, as a racially conscious White person, have nowhere else to go. The Democratic Party leadership displayed a similar smugness in 1948 when it created a platform openly inimical to the well-being of Southern
White people, who had up to that time always been wedded to the Democratic Party.
In the aftermath of 1948’s betrayal, racially conscious White people left the Democratic Party in huge numbers. The same thing can happen now to the Republican Party. But this time the shift will not be from one political party to the other. Rather, our people will stop supporting this system altogether. This will happen without Trent Lott, who showed himself to be utterly spineless in succumbing to the pressures of our enemies, and who completely debased himself on Sumner Redstone’s Black Entertainment Television. On BET he tried in vain to save his political career by renouncing the only real justification that his political career ever had.
I’d like to praise some of the stands that Trent Lott has taken in the past; I’d like to praise him for moving at least as far as having friendly relations with one of the milder pro-White groups. But Senator Lott makes that impossible, because he has now spinelessly renounced his good acts of the past.
If Trent Lott was representing his Mississippi constituents before, he is not representing them now. Trent Lott has displayed extreme cowardice. Trent Lott has sold out his people. And in the long term, Trent Lott will gain nothing for his sellout. He has sold out so quickly and so completely that he can only be despised. Only a fool would believe anything Trent Lott says now, and even the fools who do believe him will not respect a man who caves in so easily. And more importantly, Trent Lott has made these mad sacrifices so that he can stay on board a ship that is going down. He has sold his birthright for a mess of pottage.
We need leaders who will not feel obliged to treat money as God. We need leaders who will not only take a radical view of society in terms of what is good for our people, but also will espouse an unashamedly radical and racially conscious view to our people. We need leaders who will do more than whine “unfair” when government policies hurt White people. We need leaders who will teach our people that these policies are wrong because they are policies pressed upon us by our racial enemies. We need
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
to have our people understand that, contrary to the representations of William F. Buckley and his National Review, with all its Jewish pseudo-conservative writers, political disagreements today are not primarily due to misunderstandings. Contrary to the pretenses of Rush Limbaugh and his 10 million imitators, we do not all simply have different ideas about how to reach the same goal. No, we as White people do not have—and ought not to have—the same goal as other peoples. We as White people do not have the same destiny as other peoples. We as White people do have enemies who implacably advance their agendas at our expense and hope that we’ll stay brainwashed so they can bleed us—and ultimately put an end to us—easily. What serves the agenda of our enemies hurts us. From the Jews’ point of view, it was the sin of Trent Lott that he hinted at this conflict, which is a forbidden topic in American political life. From our point of view, Trent Lott’s sin was that he only hinted at it, and then groveled so low he ate dirt in contrition.
Whites are locked in a trap, exploited by the Republicans but given no real representation at all.
Lott’s statement would not have drawn so much fire 20 years ago. It would
William F. Buckley appears to be intelligent, but his reasoning is wrong because his assumptions about race and human nature are wrong.
not have drawn any significant fire 40 years ago. Trent Lott was expressing a belief held by a large number of White people. The fact that this can no longer be said, shows that the dominant power in this country is not White. It shows that the dominant power in this country is in fact unremittingly hostile to Whites.
America did indeed take a whole series of wrong turns, to the detriment of our people, in 1948 and at many other crucial times during the last century. And therefore Trent Lott was hinting at an important truth.
As a result of these wrong turns, politicians who genuinely represent the interests of their White constituents can only do so by dissimulating, by pretending they’re doing what they’re doing for some other reason. They can never say that they’re representing Whites, or they’ll get the Trent Lott treatment all over again. This circumstance has gotten worse over the years. What is especially disturbing is that the very political party to which many White people turn as the best hope for the race is itself intent upon dashing all hope.
Since 1948, the election year that Senator Lott identified as the occasion of a wrong turn in American politics, our country has diverged farther and farther from the healthy path. The longer we have been led down this road to racial oblivion, the more stringent the bonds of Jewish “Political Correctness” have become.
Ready to put Trent Lott back into his box were various Jews who have insinuated themselves into American political life as so-called “conservatives.” Among the “conservative” voices joining in the admonishment of Lott were the Jew William Kristol and his magazine The Weekly Standard. He denounced Lott’s comments as “ludicrous,” while pseudoconservative homosexual writer Andrew Sullivan was even more blunt: “After his remarks at Strom Thurmond’s 100th Birthday Party, it seems to me that my Republican party has a simple choice. Either they get rid of Lott as Majority Leader, or they should come out formally as a party that regrets (integration) and civil rights for African Americans.” Lott’s hint that a wrong turn was made in 1948 was supposedly so poisonous that even
FREE SPEECH for January 2003	13
David Horowitz, the Jew whose job it is to act the part of an antagonist towards Blacks, denounced Lott, saying he should apologize or step down.
“Did I mention that I’m gay AND right wing?”
—Andrew Sullivan
The interests of White people are not allowed to have any genuine representation in the United States today. Even the President of the United States, who could have, at the very least, chosen to remain silent on the issue, slapped hard against Lott’s revelation that the history of the United States since 1948 has been detrimental to the interests of White people: “Any suggestion that a segregated past was acceptable or positive is offensive and it is wrong,” Bush said to loud and long applause in a speech to a mixed-race crowd that gave him a standing ovation. “Recent comments by Senator Lott do not reflect the spirit of our country,” said Bush. What was the President of the United States really saying? George W. Bush was saying that non-approved viewpoints, even if they are held by a substantial portion of the population, are not to be tolerated. Specifically, Bush was saying that observations about what is or is not in the interest of White people are not to be tolerated. Bush was essentially espousing an anti-White mobocracy, in which the mixed-race mob, under the influence of the Jewish-controlled media, suppresses
even subtle expressions of racial consciousness by Whites.
When Lott first expressed regret over what he had said, the highly placed enemies of our race smelled blood and pressed for more and more humiliation. If he had not succumbed to the pressure to deny the obvious meaning of what he had said, he might have lost his worthless career as a politician in a hopelessly corrupt system, but at least he would have retained his honor. And he would have made a stand for something real. But he didn’t have the courage to do that.
Closet-racist politicians like Trent Lott are almost worthless. The real power in this country is in the Jewish media. An elected politician who keeps his position by trying not to cross the Jewish media, by trying to sneak a few minor pro-White measures by, cannot accomplish much. One only needs to recall the statements about Jewish conspiracy and Jewish power by Richard Nixon in private, most famously his recorded conversation with Billy Graham, and compare his views with his policies to see that closet racialism is worthless. Nixon’s policies were as anti-White as those of the most deranged true-believing ‘liberal.’ He knew what the Jews were up to, and he didn’t like it, and he didn’t like them. But he did nothing about it. He lacked an essential element needed in every real leader: courage.
Courage is the only answer to our plight. Not politeness. Not intellectual flair and cleverness with words. Not a charming face for the cameras. The only real answer is to be brave, to recognize that the mainstream is against us, and to
seek moral support outsi(1. , mainstream in organizations lik ^ National Alliance.	e	^
If the Dixiecrat element^, element with some K consciousness—within the Republic* party is substantial, that is good news f0 us. Those people are being sold downthe river. Those people are being cynically exploited and led to the slaughterhouse by experts. Those people need to escape the two-party trap. Those people need ns They should join the National Alliance, or, if they are not quite that brave, they should at least be supporting the National Alliance in every way they can.
The Lott affair must be a shock to those White people. A shock that may well cause them to awaken soon enough to stay the executioner’s hand that is poised on the rope of the guillotine. The White people who have been supporting the Republican Party because they thought it was the lesser of two evils, or even somehow a secretly pro-White party, must, unless they are irremediably stupid, now know how wrong this view was. Finally, all doubt has been removed. All their efforts, all their contributions, all their sacrifices for the Republican Party have been totally and undeniably futile. There has been a revolution, and they have lost. Their party—and even their still-deluded friends and family members—have been taken from them and are now in the hands of their ruthless and implacable enemies.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “A Decent Burial,” aired in two parts on December 21 and 28, 2002.
President Richard Nixon with Israeli terrorist and Prime Minister Golda Meir. Nixon loathed and distrusted the Jews, but he sold out to them to achieve his personal, political goals. Today 100% of politicians must do the Jews’ bidding to gain office.
FREE SPEECH for January 2003
The Unraveling
by Kevin Alfred Strom
Who said this? “I would like to go back to America when the Zionist dictatorship has been overthrown.”
Was it a Moslem extremist, or a swastika-waving “neo-nazi”? No, it was American chess genius Bobby Fischer, in a recent interview he gave on an Icelandic television program. Mr. Fischer has figured it out. And millions more are figuring it out with each passing year.
Who said this? “The current troubles in the world are all because of that shitty little country, Israel. Why should the world be in danger of World War III because of those people?” Was it an extreme anti-Semite ranting on the Internet, venting his hate for Jews? No, it was the French ambassador to Britain, Daniel Bernard. Mr. Bernard has figured it out. And millions more are figuring it out with each passing year.
Who said this? “I can’t stand Jews and everything happening to them is their own fault.” Was it Yasser Arafat or Saddam Hussein in a moment of candor? No, according to Jewish journalist Barbara Amiel it was the “doyenne” of Britain’s salon society, later identified in the press as Lady Powell. She reportedly continued, when some of her guests expressed shock at her remark: “Oh, come on. You all feel like that.” Now Lady Powell felt it necessary to deny it was she who made these remarks, but no one denies that they were made in the circumstances described: “I can’t stand Jews and everything that happens to them is their own fault.” The society hostess has figured it out. And millions more are figuring it out with each passing year.
And today, I’m going to help you figure it out.
Why are Jews disliked? In the media they own and control they are saintly figures: intelligent, wise, noble, philanthropic, persecuted, and good-looking. (Well, even inches-thick makeup and plastic surgery can’t make us think
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
that Barbara Walters and Ariel Sharon look like Aphrodite and Apollo. But many of the unthinking do accept a good part of the Jewish self-promoting vision of themselves.)
In the age of the Internet and instant communications, it’s becoming more and more difficult for the Jews to maintain that image. In an age when Jews are at the zenith of their power, they have overplayed their hand so grossly that their hypocrisy is showing for all the world to see. The truth about the Jews is leaking out all over the place.
One of the most astounding instances of Jewish hypocrisy was uttered by a Jew named Isi Leibler, who is no less than the chairman of the governing board of the World Jewish Congress. Now, Isi Leibler is well-known as a powerful Jew in Australia, where he was for years the official head of the Jewish community there. He now lives in Israel. In an interview with a Jerusalem newspaper, he stated about Israel: “This is a country which was set up and created as a Jewish country for the Jews.” In an essay he wrote for the World Jewish Congress, he decried intermarriage between Jews and non-Jews as a kind of racial suicide, and likened assimilation with non-Jews as a slow bleeding to death of the Jewish people. He emphasized that focus of Israeli policy should be to sharpen and intensify Jewish identity and that even giving up territory was acceptable if it meant getting rid of non-Jews and making Israel a more nearly all-Jewish state. Leibler argues that post-Zionists threaten Israel when they publish textbooks that de-emphasize Jewish racial interests and replace them with “universalist” history. In the interview mentioned, Leibler went so far as to say: “Multiculturalism has no place in Israel. Israel was created as a Jewish state for the Jews.” That’s the Jew Isi Leibler talking about his own people’s country, talking about Israel.
But what was Isi Leibler saying when he lived in Australia, a White country, a non-Jewish country? What was Isi Leibler saying when he was the head of Australia’s powerful Jewish minority? Isi Leibler’s advice to Israel is to protect its racial and cultural heritage. Isi Leibler *s advice to Jews is to avoid intermarriage. Isi Leibler thinks it’s just fine—even necessary—to separate non-Jews from Jews in Israel, to get non-Jews on the other side of a well-defended border, to throw them out of Israel. But to Australians Isi Leibler played quite a different tune. When Australian politician Pauline Hanson was galvanizing White Australians in 1993 with her questioning of the wisdom of non-White immigration to that country, Leibler warned that “extremists” were threatening precious multiculturalism. He said: “There is a need to sit together and establish a way in which Australians can recapture that spirit of multiculturalism, which I think we are all proud being part and parcel of, and which is really under threat.”
How much clearer does it have to be before you see it? Leibler and his fellow powerful Jews want racial nationalism for their own people, because racial nationalism makes them strong and ensures their survival. They want racial nationalism because they want their kind to survive and racial nationalism is the key to survival. They’re not stupid. They want what is best for Jews.
But Leibler and his fellow powerful Jews don’t want racial nationalism for White people. In Australia and Europe and South Africa and the United States— wherever White people live—Leibler and his kind in Jewish organizations and in the Jewish-controlled media do everything in their power to destroy racial nationalism for White people, everything in their power to keep us from having it, everything in their power to make it disreputable and impossible and illegal.
FREE SPEECH for January 2003	15
Just the other day, Leibler said that one of the most important things in the world to him was Israel's “right to exist as a sovereign Jewish state.” But Leibler and his co-racialists in the Jewish ADL and other groups devote their lives and their billions to preventing White people from claiming their right to sovereign White states. Keeping Britain British, or keeping America American, or keeping France French, is anathema to them—it is the ultimate in evil and they never let us forget that
And people of many races and of many political persuasions are beginning to see that Jewish hypocrisy. Liberals, even race-mixing liberals, are beginning to see that there's something wrong and deeply unethical about letting the intensely ethnocentric Jews be the leaders of their struggle for “equality.” Advocates for human rights are beginning to see that something is rotten in Denmark when a group well-known for imprisonment of its enemies without trial, its torture of its political opponents, and its indiscriminate bombing and machine-gunning of innocent civilians is allowed to pose as Mchampions of human rights.” They simply couldn't ignore it when the same Isi Leibler said in the July 29,2002 issue of the Jerusalem Post that Jews should “stop apologizing” for lobbing missiles into Palestinian apartment buildings. Leibler's exact words were: “It is therefore high time that we stopped apologizing for civilians killed because they live in proximity to leading terrorists.” After all, it’s not like they're anything special like Jews, is it? They're only Palestinians. Isi!—and Hymie and Sol and Abe—your hypocrisy is showing and everyone can see it Even those you deluded in the past can see it. And the times they are a-changing.
The times they are a-changing partly because, as I said, the Jews have seriously overplayed their hand in the power game they are playing and a lot of us can see their game now, and their insincerity. They're also changing because the Jews' plan for “harmonious multiculturalism” in the West is essentially an impossible plan, and they have inadvertently created a monster that is growing out of the control of its masters. They have empowered and nurtured the nationalism
of non-Whites in an effort to exterminate us, but now their clients are biting the hand that fed them, as they wake up and realize that the Jews would like to mongrelize and peonize and enslave them just as much as they want to do that to us.
I don’t usually make predictions, because history has a way of taking all of us by surprise. But I’ll go out on a limb today, because I can see certain patterns developing in the world, and I think they bode well for us and ill for the Jewish establishment, despite its fatness and its money. I think that the lines of conflict in the world are increasingly forming between the Jewish establishment on one side, and almost everyone else on the other side. Yes, it is true that Jews are a powerful presence in all White Western nations, and that they can almost write the laws themselves and use their media to punish anyone who gets out of line. But more and more of us are “getting out of line” every day, and increasingly the rebels are people within the establishment, within the power structure, people with a lot to lose. And the Jews can’t deal with it all happening at once. If you read their own publications, they’re seriously worried about the “new European anti-Semitism.” Their extortion from Switzerland and Germany was successful, but their attempted boycott of France was a total flop. Only in Britain, where they have infiltrated the highest levels of society, and in the United States, where they have the unthinking support of the fundamentalist rubes, do they still have enough control to push their desired war with Iraq with any kind of unanimity. And even there they are slipping. I think that the only way they’ll get their war will be to engineer some kind of fake incident, another 9/11 or Pearl Harbor, which they will use to whip the American peasantry into some kind of fury against Saddam Hussein.
But even if they succeed in getting that war and winning it, and redrawing the map of the Middle East so that it is ruled—and its oil exploited—by Jewish-controlled puppet regimes, I think the Jews will be the long term losers. Increasingly the Left and the Right will come to terms in deciding that real communitarianism—real socialism, if you will, and real free enterprise—works
only when there is a kinship bond amom, the people of a nation. And Jewish internationalism and transnational capitalism, and the importation of cheap labor, will be seen as the dirty and evil things that they are. Racial nationalism will inspire peoples all over the world who will begin to realize that wanting self-determination for their folk should make them allies—not enemies—of other peoples who also want self-determination for their own kind. The Palestinian nationalist, the British National Party member, the National Alliance member, in America and the members of nationalist communities across the globe will increasingly see that their interests coincide and that their only real enemy is the Jewish world system of race-mixing and cultural destruction and exploitation that is ruining us all.
European resistance to the Jewish war plans is at an all-time high. European opposition to Israeli tyranny and genocide is large and growing—much higher than in the United States. Awareness that Jews are an alien group with their own agenda is almost universal there. When I saw the interview with chess master Bobby Fischer on Icelandic television a few days ago, and heard him denounce the Jewish establishment in terms that might have made William Pierce blush, did the Icelandic television interviewers frown and denounce Fischer’s “anti-Semitism” or insist that he change the subject? Did
Former chess champion Bobby Fischer has no use for Jews.
16 FREE SPEECH for January 2003
I
¥
i
l
D
i

they edit the interview so that the anti-Jewish sections ended up on the cutting-room floor? Not at all. The interviewers smiled and bade Fischer to continue. He spoke for half an hour. Though they did ask him to limit his use of four-letter words, they were entirely friendly and sympathetic as Fischer recounted the persecution he has received at the hands of the Jews and detailed the crimes they have committed. And similar interviews with Fischer in other countries have been much the same, even when the stations openly feared the “anti-hate” laws the Jews have imposed on them. Only in the controlled United States media is Fischer barred and censored.
Recently, resistance.com, a pro-White Web site, gave an interview to a spokesman from the Chicano nationalist group La Voz de Aztlan. Now, if there are two racial nationalist groups who have conflicting interests and reasons to dislike and mistrust each other, it’s the folks at Resistance, who are with the National Alliance and are Whites mainly from America, and the Aztlan people, who openly wish to slice off a chunk of the United States and transfer it to Mexican control. But, you know, although those conflicts were mentioned in the interview, the main focus of the talk was the common interest of both groups in defeating the Jewish power structure and establishing freedom and independence for their own respective peoples once the Jewish establishment was dealt with. Here’s an excerpt from that interview:
Resistance News; Your web site contains an article “Wotan vs. Tezcatlipoca: The Spiritual War for California and the Southwest” by Stephen A. McNalien, whom I presume is a White nationalist. What is the opinion of Hispanic nationalists towards other racial nationalist organizations such as the Nation of Islam and the National Alliance?
Ernesto Cienfuegos; A person could write a whole book on this topic. In order to be as brief as possible, I am going to answer from my own personal perspective as a nationalist. I have always been guided on this issue by a very wise quotation said by Benito Juarez, the Mexican president credited for defeating the occupying French troops in the Battle
of Puebla. He said, “As among nations as with men, the respect for the rights of others, leads to peace. ” I personally have great respect for the Black Muslims ever since I met Richard X while a student at the university. I remember buying a Final Call newspaper from him and having a conversation. I was a member of the Chicano student movement (MEChA) at the time but the mutual respect we showed each other led to a very positive understanding of each other’s political positions. I have to confess, however, that I have not had the opportunity to have a similar conversation with a White Nationalist and do not know if it is even possible. This is one of the reasons that I have agreed to do this interview. I personally believe that all three groups are fighting for the same things and that mutually beneficial arrangements can be found. I really believe that all three groups are ultimately fighting the same enemy. I do not believe that the enemy is each other. Much of the “hate” demonstrated by some within each group against the other groups is mostly programmed by the real enemy in order to divide and rule. There is much that can be accomplished through respectful dialogue. This will help us to defeat our common enemy.
That’s significant. You wouldn’t have seen that ten years ago or even two years ago. Ten years ago, you wouldn’t have seen such understanding between Arab nationalists and White nationalists as you see today. You wouldn’t have seen Palestinian flags at White nationalist rallies. Does that mean that we Whites are willing to mix with Mestizos or Semites? Hardly. That’s not true at all. But we can see the new lines of conflict that are forming in the world today. The internationalist Jews—whether they call themselves capitalist or communist—are the enemies of all nations and all peoples. It’s similar to what 1 said on this program ten years ago, and have been saying ever since. “Every people that thinks of itself as a people should, to the maximum extent possible, live under its own government.” The only serious disagreements with that maxim come from traitorous money-men who’ve sold out their peoples for profit, and from Jews. The disputes between most of the
peoples of the world, and even the peoples who have been tragically and unnaturally thrown together in North America and more recently in Europe, can probably be solved over a negotiating table before the battlefield has to be resorted to. The only ones who won’t be willing to negotiate at all are those whose unique mode of existence makes them need to live among other peoples as parasites and hidden controllers. They have set themselves up as the enemies of mankind and they are going to have to pay the price for that.
The Jews have one egregious fault: they go too far, they overplay their hand. Their arrogance and their egotism and their “chutzpah” often combine to make them blunder. And when they blunder, their sanctimonious moralizing is revealed for the phony and ugly thing that it really is. The Jews aren’t holding five diamonds. They’re holding four diamonds and the deuce of clubs. They’re four-flushers and they know it. And increasingly the rest of us know it, too.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Unraveling,” aired on December 14, 2002. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Heckler & Koch MP5 machine-gun is the favorite weapon of the FBI. H&K’s MP5 9mm full-auto is not a defensive weapon; it is an offensive weapon used by elite forces and secret police assassination teams in many countries. Dozens of these were brandished by the FBI’s Counter-Terrorism Task Force when they raided the Chester Doles homestead. See article on page 3.
Box 330 I Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
FREE SPEECH for January 2003	17
To American Youth on the Eve of War
by Kevin Alfred Strom
This article is based on an American Dissident Voices broadcast recorded on January 8 and broadcast on January 11,2003.
Today’s program is for the sons and brothers and young fathers of America. It is a message to the young men being asked to die for their country in the upcoming war on Iraq being planned by our enemies. America’s sons are being manipulated into becoming cannon fodder for Israel in the most sickening display of hypocritical moralizing that I have ever witnessed. I have two sons who will be of “military age’’ in the next decade, so 1 have a personal stake in this too. Today’s program is for you, my sons.
I don’t want you to die. And I don’t want you to be hired killers.
All politicos, like Boy George Bush, who speak of “patriotism” and “defending America’s freedom,” are either knowing cynical liars or psychopaths who program themselves on some level to actually believe their own Jewish speechwriters.
A few days ago President Bush spoke to 4,000 young soldiers at Fort Hood in Texas. He broadly hinted that the second report from the weapons inspectors in Iraq, due on the 27th of January will signal an American invasion. His advance knowledge of the contents of a report that hasn’t yet been written is even more amazing than his instant analysis of the inspectors’ earlier 12,000-page report that he declared contained “proof’ of Iraqi violations of UN decrees. One can be sure that Bush and his overseers have decided in advance that there will be some pretext for war, whether the inspectors actually find anything or not.
And American troops are massing in the Persian Gulf region—60,000 are now acknowledged to be there, a number that is expected to double in the next few weeks. Unless something happens to upset the Jewish war plans, not only will Americans be killed in the war, but also
		BBM
	BM '*5	
	L /.	
		
		
		
		
H8C	r IW	
		
		
George Bush playing cowboy while Gl’s carry a dead comrade’s coffin.
Editor’s note: No self-respecting cowboy puts his hat on by holding the crown. Westerners grab their hat by the brim and flip it on rather than set it on.
many more will become victims of terrorism at home. Outrage against the American invasion and occupation—and American support of Israeli genocide— and American support of puppet governments—will boil over in the Third World and in the Moslem population of our homeland. We will become more and more of a garrison state in response to terrorism and perpetual war for perpetually elusive peace. We will become more and more like our masters, the Israelis. This will kill the freedom that made America worth defending, made life here worth living, and that our race needs for its healthy development.
I don’t want America to become another Israel. I wouldn’t want my sons to die needlessly. I don’t want the murder and enslavement of whole populations on my conscience, and I don’t want to pay
for them with my taxes. I don’t want this war. My sons, you are being lied to by your leaders. You are being tricked into betraying America under the guise of “patriotism.”
I have absolutely no attachment to Saddam Hussein or Iraq (in fact I think we of the White West need to be ever vigilant against incursions from the Arab/ Moslem world), but the media hoopla and politicians’ double-talk that designates Hussein as some kind of threat to America or exemplar of “evil” is ridiculous. His regime has surrendered and bowed down to U.S. and U.S.-engineered UN demands for over a decade. How many other countries agree to limit their weapons development? How many other countries agree that foreign states may decide where their planes may and may not fly over their own sovereign territory? How many other countries have peacefully accepted an embargo that even their enemies concede has resulted in the deaths of about half a million of their children? How many other countries have been willing to let enemy agents talk publicly with their top weapons scientists? Iraq’s submission after its defeat and the mass incineration of its retreating troops in 1991 has been almost total. Yet it is slated for destruction, occupation, and the installation of a puppet regime. Why?
1.	By Middle Eastern standards, Iraq is a large, advanced, and powerful country. It is located near Israel. This in itself makes it a potential threat to Israeli domination of that region.
2.	Even though Iraq is a secular state and the government there generally dislikes, distrusts, and disapproves of Islamic fundamentalism, it is naturally sympathetic to the plight of the oppressed Palestinians, to whom it is tied by blood and religion. This also makes it a potential threat in Israeli eyes.
3.	The attacks of September 11th, 2001 provide a pretext for war against all
18 FREE SPEECH for January 2003
I
1
to
Of
to
Ik
I
I
id
iS
a
is
|
is
I
is
3
le
iy
w
iy
ir
ie
ir
«
k
IS
is
ts
ft-
i,
a
II
it
1
if
r
I
I
of Israel’s enemies. The Jews want to use 9/11 for all it’s worth and make war against those they see as even potential future threats as soon as possible, while American dislike of Moslems is high and the memory of the World Trade Center attack is still fresh. There’s a lot of evidence that Israeli intelligence knew of
To whip the public into a war frenzy, the TV moguls are running old war films. John Wayne is shown here in a handout photo from the Sands of Iwo Jima. Wayne’s manly image is a sharp contrast to that of President Bush.
9/11 in advance and did nothing, or possibly even influenced events to make it happen, knowing of the tremendous propaganda victory it would be in getting Americans pepped up to kill Arabs.
4.	The Jewish media and the lapdog politicians tested the ignorance and gullibility of Americans with the war in Afghanistan. First, they transferred the blame for the attacks from Osama Bin Laden to the government of Afghanistan, that had nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks, on the pretext that that’s where Osama, a Saudi, was living at the time. When Afghanistan refused to waive all of its laws when American Jews commanded them to do so, Afghanistan was attacked, invaded, and a puppet government friendly to Jewish interests and well-oiled by American dollars was installed. The media has seen how easily the American public can be buffaloed into thinking that any “camel jockey” (as long as he lives outside the U.S.) is an enemy
of Mom and Apple Pie and is somehow to blame for the recent terror attacks on American soil. Why not take the even more absurd step of claiming that destroying one of Israel’s biggest worries is somehow part of a “fight against terrorism?” Never mind that there is not a molecule of evidence that Iraq had anything to do with 9/11. Never mind that the current Iraqi government loathes Islamic fundamentalism, which it regards as its adversary for political power in the Moslem world. Never mind that Iraq had and has no use for Bin Laden or the Taliban. All that is irrelevant. “Camel jockeys” knocked down our buildings. That’s all that matters. The media spinmeisters do the rest. If there is still some steam in the misled and misdirected American “patriots” after the body bags start arriving, you may be sure that Iraq will not be the last victim of this 9/11 sting operation. The leaders of Iran and Saudi Arabia better be making some serious contingency plans.
This alleged “war on terror,” of which the war on Iraq is a part, promises to be a war without a clearly definable goal, a war without end. It promises to be a world war. It promises power to the Jews who, they believe, will crush their enemies and steal their oil billions, with a few billion crumbs for their Gentile collaborators like the Bush dynasty. This war also promises years if not decades of unprecedented death and destruction, and huge costs in blood and money to my people, the White working people of the West, who will gain absolutely nothing by it. (Even establishment “think tanks” admit that the direct costs of war may top $200 billion, and the total economic costs may be five times that—one thousand billion dollars. This is, perhaps, the most unjust of all wars and we must not support it.
The propaganda leaflets are already falling on Iraq. The bombs have been falling on Iraq for many months now, with the repeated justification that Iraqis have somehow violated the “no fly” zone or that they had the temerity to turn on their radar when foreign warplanes were surging across their skies. In reality, the war on Iraq has already started. It is the actual invasion that is about to begin.
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
I recently drove across about half of this continent, and as I did so, I got to listen to a lot of commercial broadcast radio. All over the dial are so-called “conservatives” frothing at the mouth for this war, a war that will harm America, a war that will benefit only the Jews. A war that will instill a hatred of America in the hearts of many future generations in the Moslem and Arab world, a hatred that could be healed if we stop this madness now. And all over the radio dial, at a far higher density than a few months ago, were announcements urging teenage boys to register for the Selective Service.
Recently, a group of actors of various political persuasions called Artists United to Win Without War issued an interesting statement. They stated that they are under pressure now to make war movies, and they resent that pressure.[The Washington Times, December 14th, 2002] Cable and satellite movie channels have been engaging in a riot of recycled war movies, many of them dusty propaganda pieces
ZnfoxMtioii Radio
1800 2300 Daily
*93 KHZ AM 9719 KHZ SUV
In addition to much heavier attacks on the Iraqi air defense system, the Bush & Blair team has been recently dropping millions of these propaganda cards to try to get the Iraqis to tune their boom-boxes to “allied" propaganda radio stations.
FREE SPEECH for January 2003	19

Alan Dershowitz: This famed Jewish human rights lawyer advised the U.S. government to torture Arab prisoners, which apparently the U.S. has already begun.
Dershowitz was the Jewish lawyer who worked relentlessly— and for free—in an attempt to get a pardon for convicted Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard.
In his book Chutzpah Dershowitz complains that when he graduated from law school none of the top WASPish law firms would hire him. A WASPish law firm is one where the Jewish lawyers dress and have manners like Gentiles.
Elsewhere in his book Dershowitz admits that at that time he had never eaten a meal with a Gentile. He and the other Orthodox Jewish law students, in accordance with Jewish religious law, would eat at their own table and never socialize with the Gentiles. What law firm would want a bozo who wouldn’t eat lunch with a client and wouldn’t know how to act if he did?
Dershowitz gripes that he was forced to take a law clerking job— as law clerk for U.S. Chief Supreme Court Judge Arthur Goldberg. Lawyers know that the job he got is the most sought after job of law students. And needless to say a Jewish Judge like Goldberg gave it to a fellow Jew.
from World War II. I was astounded one day as I reviewed the schedule of Turner Classic Movies over the holiday season and found that, instead of the seasonal classics you’d expect to see at that time of year, the majority of the films that day were war movies and war propaganda short subjects. And other channels, owned or controlled by the same ethnic interests, are marching in lockstep.
Country music artists have issued songs celebrating war, and even proudly flaunting their ignorance. One singer who says he can’t tell the difference “between Iraq and Iran,” clearly implies that he’ll kill anyone Bush—and by extension Bush’s Jewish owners—tell him to kill.
My sons, that is an ignorant mentality. I do not want you to be ignorant. I want you to see the hypocrisy of those who claim to be champions of human rights and freedom engaging in a slaughter of people who have never harmed America. And I want you to notice that only one of the Congressmen who voted to give Bush his “war powers” has a son in the enlisted ranks of the military. Most of all, I want you to look at the behavior of those who are the cause of all this war and conflict—Israel and the Jewish world power behind Israel.
Is it Saddam Hussein’s government that brazenly shoots reporters who dare to report stories the government doesn’t like? No, it’s Israel: according to the Foreign Press Association, no fewer than twenty reporters have been fired on by Israeli soldiers while doing their jobs and reporting on the Israeli response to the Palestinian uprising. A group of journalists called Reporters Without Boundaries stated that Israeli Defense Forces had shot forty reporters over a three-year period. Amazing—and telling—isn’t it? And doubly amazing that the media don’t choose to highlight this story when their own employees are being attacked. [Ha’aretz, May 25th, 2001; Reporters Without Boundaries, May 15th, 2001]
What country in the Middle East uses Christian schoolchildren as human shields? Iraq? No. Again, it’s Israel. According to the San Diego Union-Tribune of August 31st, 2001, Israeli troops invaded a Lutheran school in the Palestinian village of Beit Jallah, using
the roof of the school—with the children inside—as a base for weapons fire and military operations against the people of the town. The Lutheran World Federation protested, the pastor of the church and his bishop protested. But did you hear about it? Was it on the nightly news? Was it on page one? Were the talk hosts telling you about this outrage? Were the Christian radio preachers telling their flocks about this outrage against Christian children by the Jews? You can be sure that if Iraqi soldiers were doing this, it would have been page one material, and another warrant for war. But no—the Jews are always innocent, and their crimes are never to be emphasized or highlighted in any way. It’s sinful to criticize them.
What Middle Eastern country murders children who violate curfew laws? Is it Iraq and its wicked dictator Saddam Hussein? No. It’s Israel. The Jerusalem Post admitted on last October 16,2002 that in only four months fifteen Palestinians were summarily killed for mere curfew violations—and that twelve of the fifteen, 80%, were children.
Who recently openly endorsed torture as a political weapon, on “60 Minutes” no less? Was it Moslem extremists, or Saddam Hussein and his minions, exposed for what they really are on national TV? No, it was Jewish attorney and militant Zionist Alan Dershowitz, who once defended O. J. Simpson. Dershowitz has the gall to claim to be a defender of human rights while endorsing the Israeli policy of torturing prisoners who are captured without charge or trial or hope of a trial. He also wants to bring such blatantly unconstitutional practices to America. Dershowitz wants judges to be able to issue “torture warrants” and authorize the insertion of metal needles under the fingernails and similar practices that cause “excruciating pain” to people who have never even been convicted of a crime. Creatures like Dershowitz have no right to call themselves Americans or live under the protection of our laws and our fighting men. Most emphatically they do not deserve to have a single drop of American blood shed to protect them.
What religious denomination has within its ranks prominent advocates of the extermination of other racial and
20 FREE SPEECH for January 2003
religious groups? Is it the Moslem clerics in Iraq, or unrepentant chaplains of the former Taliban? Is it the most wacko of the Christian fundamentalists on an anti-Semitic spree? No—it’s a Jewish rabbi in (surprise, surprise) Israel. According to the Palestine Chronicle of November 16th:
A prominent Israeli rabbi with thousands of followers said during a Sabbath homily in the settlement in Kiryat Arba’a Saturday that halacha, or Jewish religious law, “essentially supported the annihilation of non-Jews in Israel.” The rabbi, Rav Leor, said most rabbinic authorities “of the past and the present accepted the opinion that the lives of non-Jews don’t enjoy the same sanctity as the lives of Jews.” Hashmadat goyem (the extermination of non-Jews), he said was an established principle in Jewish theology. The rabbi is affiliated with the messianic Jewish movement known as Gush Emunim, which is represented in the Israeli Knesset by seven Knesset members. The movement is represented in the Israeli government by Minister without portfolio Ed Eifam of the National Religious Party.
That should give you the measure of this people, the Jews, who ask you to lay down your lives to destroy their enemies. It should also give you the measure of the mass media in America who do not report or grossly underplay the outrages of Israel and of the Jewish establishment which largely controls these media.
I could go on for a hundred programs about the hypocrisy and genocidal agenda of the Jewish establishment. I could detail for you the Israeli advocacy of summary state murder of the innocent family members of accused terrorists. I could document Israel’s admitted policy of assassinating political leaders they don’t like. I could show you that Israel has violated far more UN resolutions than Iraq. 1 could show you that Israel has the greatest cache of illegal weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East, and that they are openly producing nuclear weapons in violation of agreements with the United States, and that, by law, all
Box 330 | Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
U.S. aid to Israel should be cut off because of this nuclear weapons production. I could recount hundreds of grisly massacres of innocent women and children by Israeli soldiers. I could show you how Israel killed American sailors and tried to blame it on the Arabs in the USS Liberty incident. I could tell you about Israel’s brutal invasion and occupation of Lebanon, which lasted for twenty years and contrast our reaction to that to our reaction to Iraq’s annexation of Kuwait.
My sons, I hope I have told you enough to spur you on to find out more for yourselves. The information is there for those who would seek it. It is in libraries, it is on the Internet, which still remains free in 2003. It can be found on the growing number of radio programs like this one that dare to break away from Jewish media censorship. I hope you will be careful, but I also hope that you will exercise your rights to the fullest legal extent to protect yourselves and the next generation of our people from participating in or helping in any way this obscene war that they are trying to start against Iraq. I hope you will not only oppose this war, but also use whatever position of trust and responsibility you may hold to educate our people to oppose and confound the plans of the warmongers. I urge you to make friendly contact with White nationalists and urge them to join us in the National Alliance, and make plans to continue your contacts even if, in the future, the Internet is shut down or censored. I urge you to reach understandings with nationalists of other nations and even races so that the Jewish establishment’s agenda of war and racemixing and genocide may one day be defeated and a brighter day will dawn on planet Earth.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program ‘To American Youth on the Eve of War,” aired in January 11,2003. A cassette recording of both these broadcasts is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
CD CD CD
US Navy Ship Attacked by Middle-
Eastern Terrorists!
This hole looks much like the one in the USS Cole, which was damaged by Arab terrorists on 12 October 2000. The attack on the USS Cole cost 17 American lives. But this picture shows the USS Liberty not the USS Cole.
The USS Liberty was deliberately attacked by the Israeli Air Force and Navy on 8 June 1967 after eight reconnaissance flights over the Liberty. She was first attacked with waves of Jewish fighters using rockets, machine-guns, and napalm. The Liberty was afire and listing, and the American crew began fighting to save their ship. Then Israeli torpedo boats hammered the Liberty with 40mm and 20mm cannon fire. A Jewish torpedo then hit the Liberty amidships. As Liberty’s crew tried to abandon ship, the Jews’ gunboats concentrated machine-gun fire on the Liberty’s life boats, sinking two. Hour after hour the attacks continued both from gunboats and waves of Israeli aircraft. But the Jews were unable to sink her and kill all her crew. Liberty lost 34 men, twice those lost on the Cole.
FREE SPEECH for January 2003	21
Under-Reported News You May Have Missed
Nice Jewish Doctor Gets off Light: But the Courts Are Not Done
Remember Dr. Waksal, CEO of ImClone? He’s the rascal who secretly sold stock in his company and allegedly advised his family members
and others including Martha Stewart to sell theirs. At the time, the government was about to announce that it would not certify his cancer drug, Erbitux, and he knew it. He arranged a number of crooked schemes where he could get very rich even though his drug was, at least temporarily, a flop.
In a plea bargain, on 11 March 2003, Dr. Waksal, agreed to a mere $800,000 fine as partial settlement for some of the insider trading charges brought against him by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Earlier in March he copped another plea, pleading guilty to not paying $1.2 million dollars in sales taxes; he will be sentenced for that in May 2003.
Back in October of 2002, he had yet another plea bargain, where he pleaded guilty to only 6 of 13 counts of fraud, conspiracy, and insider trading. He will be sentenced on
these charges sometime late in March 2003.
And the government is not done; more criminal charges are coming. But through all of this Dr. Waksal remains free on bond.
Dr. Waksal is one of the major Jewish White collar criminals that we have been following. These crooks have been sucking the American economy dry.
r
A Rev ^1
v Sharpton
Presidents a Candidate y
Officers Arrest 3: White Activist Murdered for $6
National Alliance member Mark Gaudin, who worked 3 jobs, picked up the 3 taxicab fares. They had Mark drive them to a secluded rural spot, and then the Blacks shot him twice in the head and stole $6. Mark was 30, his 5-year-old son, Ian, is now an orphan.
On 13 December 2002, these three earned $2 each for the murder of Mark Gaudin, according to Palestine Police Department’s charges. They are from left to right: Leroy Gaines (25), Kenneth Johnson (21), and Lamond Johnson.
Mark Gaudin was to give the 3 Blacks a ride to the northern part of the county where one of them claimed his grandmother was ill and dying. They rewarded him by murdering him.
22 FREE SPEECH for January 2003
© 2003 • National Vanguard Books
Africans Allegedly Murder White Clerk for $249
Second murder in two dozen armed robberies in Minneapolis and St, Paul during recent months: Murders of hard-working Whites by lazy Blacks for a few dollars happens virtually every day. Eric Pearson, killed Wednesday, 12 February 2003.
Eric Pearson (20): Murdered Stop ‘N’ Go Superette clerk and hero. He managed to identify his killer to police while dying on the way to the hospital. Eric said Hayes told Cross to “cap” him when Eric was too slow in handing over the $249. Eric was working his way though college.
Anthony Lamonte Hayes (21): Police accuse him of being the lookout. They say that Eric Pearson’s dying words were that when he was slow in turning over the money, Hayes yelled to “cap” him. Cross then shot Eric—the bullet severed his aorta and lodged in his back. Hayes has a prior conviction for armed robbery.
Maynard R. Cross (23): Police allege he was the shooter. Cross pointed a gun at Pearson and said, “Give me all the money.” Then he said, “Hey man, hurry up,” and fired one shot into Pearson’s chest at point blank range. Cross was already wanted on drug charges. He has previous convictions for firing a firearm into two different crowds.
Mary Elizabeth Fleming (18): Police accuse her of driving the getaway car. She claims she is innocent.
Maynard Cross’ brother, Michael Edward Raney, (44) is being held for allegedly being an accomplice after the fact.

Squads of Illegals Posing as Police Terrorize San Fernando Valley
On 13 March 2003 police captured seven illegal aliens belonging to a gang allegedly responsible for at least three violent home invasions in the San Fernando Valley. The heavily-armed illegals dressed as plain clothes police and served late night search warrants pretending to be searching for al-Qaida.
Once the fake anti-terrorist squad gained entry, they handcuffed the residents, and ransacked and looted the home. In two cases they severely pistol whipped the home’s occupants.
The gang has stolen more than $300,000 in their home invasions.
30% of Federal Prison Inmates Are Foreigners
The U.S. Bureau of Prisons reports that, as of January 2003, 30% of those in federal prisons are foreigners. Over half of those are from Mexico and most all the remaining foreigners are from Columbia and Central America.
Total foreigners in federal prison are 48,000. About 14,000 foreigners are
FBI Loses 317 Laptops and 212 Firearms
The Inspector General reported that between October 1999 and 31 December 2001, the FBI lost 317 laptop computers
deported from U.S. prisons each year, but many thousands of others are released directly back in to the U.S.
Many foreign criminals are never tried in a U.S. court or sent to prison. The INS reports that they deport about 100,000 wanted criminals each year. These foreigners are given a hearing and then deported. Of these 74% are from Mexico and most of the other 26% are from Central America. Many return to the U.S. and start a new crime spree.
and 212 weapons. The computers and firearms in question are ones assigned to individual FBI agents; the computers contained “sensitive” data. The Inspector General concluded that the losses “indicate a lack of accountability for sensitive Department property.”
Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/Year
FREE SPEECH for January 2003	23
Grisly Murder of Nun From Ireland
Police accuse a Black man of kidnapping two, elderly White nuns and murdering and decapitating one. Sister Fogarty, 67, the “Mother Teresa of Harris Country,” was dismembered in an office building parking lot.
The following is in chronological order, based on police allegations. The story begins in a ramshackle house in Hamilton, Georgia, on Sunday, 23 March 2003. Adrian Robinson killed his father by shooting him 16 times with 2 rifles. As he ran from the house, he opened fire on an uncle’s SUV and shot out all the glass; Edwin Robinson, the uncle, drove away quickly. Adrian Robinson then ran across the railroad tracks, into the swamp, and headed toward Christ the King Catholic Church, which is about a mile away.
Christen Lemons, a neighbor, heard the shots (16 into Henry Robinson and an undetermined number into the SUV), saw the SUV with the windows shot out racing away, and saw Adrian Robinson running with a rifle. She said, “I saw Adrian out there running through the swamp.... I didn’t think anything of it.” Adrian Robinson broke into a trailer occupied by Sister Philomena Fogarty (67) and Sister Lucie Kristoflk (71), which was located behind a small Catholic church. He stole $900 cash, and when they came home, he bound and gagged them. He put them in their car and drove 670 miles to Norfolk, Virginia. One of the women made the trip in a sleeping bag locked in the trunk.
Sister Kristofik says that during the abduction, Robinson told her that “He had just killed his father.”
In Norfolk on Monday, Adrian Robinson paid a man $50 to rent him a room at the Hampton Inn, and he put both nuns, still bound and gagged, in the room.
Tuesday, Robinson left the motel with Fogarty, leaving Kristofik bound and gagged. Sister Kristofik escaped and summoned help.
At 3:30 a.m., Wednesday, police spotted Robinson driving the nuns’ car and trapped him on a dead-end street, but he escaped into a swamp. An hour later, police, searching the nuns’ car, found
body parts belonging to Sister Fogarty. They also found her mutilated torso in an office building parking lot. Robinson had cut off her head, hands, and feet.
A massive 24-hour, city-wide, door-to-door manhunt took place. On Wednesday, Norfolk State University was closed and every room was searched.
Sometime after 1:00 a.m. on Thursday morning Robinson showed up at a Burger King that had closed for the night. One employee was still there, recognized Robinson, and made him keep his distance with a broom. While he fed Robinson, the employee tripped the silent alarm, and the police arrived to make the arrest.
Adrian Robinson claimed his father had sexually assaulted (raped?) him before the shooting. Hamilton Police Chief Dan Colberg doesn’t believe it, and says, “It just doesn’t add up.”
KLAN WATCH
Sister Philomena Fogarty, 67, left; Sister Lucie Kristofik, 71, right.
Philomena Fogarty was from Ireland, had lived in Hamilton 16 years, and would have celebrated her 50th year as a nun this year. In Hamilton they remember her as a saint who fed the hungry; she was known as the “Mother Teresa of Harris Country.” She was outgoing, aggressive, and a tireless charity worker who could turn on her Irish charm.
Lucie Kristofik was o upstate New York and sh common with Sister Fog* been missionaries and had lived Ityjgfrie 7 lives sacrificing for others.
in
lyi Both had
Adrian O’Neill Robinson (25) was bom and raised in Hamilton, Georgia, and was a state Class AA wrestling champion. He is well liked and respected in Hamilton’s Black community. “They’re good boys (Adrian and his three younger brothers), and they mind their Mama and Daddy,” neighbor Christen Lemons said. Adrian’s mother, Sheila Robinson (ex-common-law wife of the murdered Henry Robinson), lives two houses down. “He’s a good boy,” she said.
Adrian Robinson attended Norfolk State University for three semesters on a wrestling scholarship. He flunked out of Old Dominion his first semester there.
When it was reported that Robinson was wanted for killing his father, Stamford, Conn., police feared he might come there to kill his estranged wife and their boy. In February 2002, Stamford police arrested Robinson for breaking into a police station. At the time he claimed he was “being tampered with,” an apparent reference to a sexual assault. But police say that just before the break-in he beat up his roommate. He received probation.
In Hamilton he was never employed, dice Chief Dan Colberg said id a criminal record in Harris andn&Si5LjA4uscogee counties, including theft charges. Police in Norfolk, Virginia, 2fifS he was wanted there on a 1998 forgery charge.