Free
Let us
dare to read, think, speak, and write. —	John Adams, 1765
FREE
SPEECH • JUNE 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. VI
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of Amm can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patnotac radio program. Single copy price *4; 10 copie. (of «>e »me MUelfor $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the Firs Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Sharing the
Jm:
Affliction
S William Pierce
WiWMmk 1 Wmrnm. iH




A Riot in York
Dr. William Pierce
Dance
Dr. William Pierce




Is
LlUC
Dr. William Pierce




III


	
Sharing the Affliction
The degeneracy and the general nuttiness that increasingly afflict American society afflict everyone in that society, even those who are deliberately promoting the degeneracy. Like the sailor who drills holes in the bottom of the ship to get even with his crewmates, against whom he has a grievance, and then drowns along with the rest of the crew when the ship goes down, the Jews in America often are obliged to suffer along with their intended victims.
Feminism provides a good example of that. Jews played a hugely disproportionate role in inflicting that malady on American society. Not only was nearly every significant feminist writer and publicist of the past half century a Jewess, but the Jewish media bosses enthusiastically endorsed it all; they made feminism one of the cornerstones of Political Correctness. And yet I suspect that both Jewish men and women suffer approximately as much from this disease they unleashed on us as we do. I
suspect that there are as many frustrated and embittered Jewesses per capita as there are frustrated and embittered Gentile women who have tried unsuccessfully to be what the feminists told them they should be but that Nature did not intend them to be. And I suspect that at least the same percentage of Jewish males have
been burned by contact with feminists as Gentile males have.
Homosexuality is another example. Homosexuality is as abhorred in Jewish tradition as it is in Aryan tradition, despite the prevalence of homosexual practices among the Semitic tribes from which the Jews sprang. The prescribed punishment for homosexuals in the Jewish Bible is stoning to death. Ana our ancestors in northern Europe used to drown them. But of course it is above all the Jewish arbiters of Fblitical Correctness who have taught young Americans that homosexuality is “normal” and that we must never speak disparagingly of homosexuals or homosexual ben avior. And the Jews, more than anyone else, are the ones who have changed the whole environment in which young Americans grow up in a way that encourages sexually ambivalent youngsters to become even more confused and get on the wrong track. And yet in spreading this sickness among our people they themselves
as normal can backfire on
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
Two “Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence” — a San Francisco based homosexual group We have been taught that homosexuality is “normal” and that we must never speak disparagingly of homosexuals. In locations where this brainwashing has been particularly heavy, even photos such as the above are published with approving captions.
have become infected by it In fact, homosexuality seems to be substantially more common among Jewish males in America today than among our own men — which is the only favorable result that I can see of the campaign to make homosexuals a favored class.
An amusing example of the way in which the Jews have bitten themselves inadvertently in their exertions to take a bite out of us came to my attention just a few days ago. There’s a Jewish school on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, the Roaeph Sho-lom Day School. It’s affiliated with a Reform synagogue. It accepts non-Jew-ish students as well as Jews, and some rich, trendy, Gentile yuppies send their kids there. The tuition is $15,OCX) a year for pre-kindergarten kiddies and $20,000 for sixth graders. Two weeks ago, just a week before Mother’s Day, the students at Rodeph Sholom were sent home with notes informing their patents that in the interests of Political Correctness there no longer would be any observances of Mother’s Day or Father’s Day at the school. Previously the younger children had designed Mother’s Day and Father’s Day cards in class, ana
there had been other school programs of activities in connection with these two holidays.
The note sent home with the students announcing the end of these programs said, among other things:
Families in our society are now diverse and varied. We are a school with many different family makeups, and we need to recognize the emotional well-being of all the children in our school.
The note went on to say that the recognition of holidays such as Mothers Day and Father’s Day:
may not be a positive experience for all children.
Well, many parents complained, and what emerged more clearly was that the dropping of Mother’s Day and Father’s Day was intended to avoid making children living in homosexual households — that is, children with “two mommies” or “two daddies” feel left out Actually, a more important reason for the move was to avoid offending the homosexuals who were paying the very substantial tuition for these unfortunate children. One of these homosexuals, who with his male partner had an adopted son at the school, came for-
ward and boasted that he had persuaded the school to drop its Mother’s Day observance.
You know, I referred to this bit of nuttiness at Rodeph Sholom Day School as “amusing^’ because it is an example of the Jews’ own chickens coming home to roost. What they are doing to destroy our society is deliberate. It’s calculated. It’s the sort of thing they’ve done in every Gentile society through the ages. Their aim is to break down the structure of our society, make our people abandon our values and our morals and forget our traditions, eventually forget who we are. Their aim is to get White kids to wear backward baseball caps and baggy shorts and listen to rap music ana worship Black rappers and basketball players. Their aim is to get teenagea white girls to have Black boyfriends. That is the softening-up process they use to make it easier for them to take over our society and exploit our people. Promoting the notion that homosexuality is “normal” and that every sort of freak must have his feelings protected — that everyone else must be prevented from doing or saying anything that may offend a freak or make him feel like a freak — is part of the process.
The core idea the Jews are insinuating into the minds of our people is that no sexual orientation, no race, no set of moral values, no type of family structure, no standard of beauty, no cultural tradition — that is, no art, no music, no literature — is better than any other. They’re all equivalent. A “family” consisting of two adult homosexuals and an adopted child is just as “normal,” just as deserving of public acceptance and respect — and insurance benefits — as a family consisting of a White man and a White woman and their natural children. Under the skin Blacks and Whites are the same. A painting by Rembrandt or Vermeer has no more inherent artistic value than the daub-ings of a Chagall or a Rothko.
That’s the message — and its corollary, of course, is that we all should let our guard down against the Jews. We should not be suspicious of them. We shouldn’t regard them as different or dangerous and try to keep them out. Ws shouldn’t try to stop them from taking over. They may seem a little different, but that’s only superficial. Really, we’re all equivalent. No group is better than any other group.
Indoctrinating a host population with that poisonous message has been
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
3
the Jews’ key to taking over, sucking dry, and destroying society after sock ety. Let me elaborate on that state-ment about	the Jews’	modus
operandi. It is also their modus viv-endi. It seems almost to be genetically programmed	survival	behavior.
Destruction is not their primary goal, but rather sucking. But the fact is that the method they use for softening up a society so that they can suck its blood is inherendy destructive. When they approach any healthy, homogeneous society, in which the. people have a strong sense of identity and community, the Jews are outsiders. They are different, and they are regarded with suspicion. If they try sucking any blood, they’ll be slapped down hard.
So their first task is to undermine the people’s sense of community and identity and at the same time to destroy their homogeneity, to make the society more diverse. Then the Jews can slip in unnoticed and take over. But by that time the society no longer is Healthy; it has been poisoned. The people no longer have the will to resist.
The Jews are unique. Their modus operandi is unique. That’s one of the reasons they have been so successful at breaking into other people’s societies. Their hosts — their victims — aren’t prepared to counter them. We’ve experienced nothing quite like the Jews during our evolution. They take us by surprise every time. But even a people as different from us as the Jews have some characteristics in common with us. Most human societies have some characteristics in common. Certain characteristics are essential for group survival in all societies. A sense of group identity and exclusiveness, for example. The Jews have it to an extraordinary degree, and we used to have it before the Jews went to work on us. Another common survival characteristic is a strong family structure.
When the Jews set out to undermine these characteristics in us, they inevitably become affected to some extent by their own poison. That’s what happened to the Rodeph Sho-lom Day School, for example. They think its fine to promote families with two mommies or two daddies among us, but they are not so happy when that sort of pathology also takes hold among them.
PS may be surprised to hear this, but sometimes I receive letters of protest from Jewish listeners. They tell
me, “Hey, we’re not all like the Jews you talk about in your broadcasts. Some of us are decent, hardworking family people, who are as unhappy with what’s happening to America as you are. Don’t blame all of us for what a few are doing. We’re not all like Sumner Redstone and Gerald Levin and Michael Eisner and David Geffen and Steven Spielberg. We’re not all like Madeleine Albright and Elie Wiesel and Marc Rich and Ariel Sharon. “
Well, I can accept that. There are somewhere between six and seven million Jews in the United States: about two and a half percent of the population. One expects a lot of variety among that many Jews. There are the evil monsters — the Sumner Red-stones and the Steven Spielbergs — working day and night to weaken and mislead: and corrupt our people in order to make us easier prey for their people. And there are many Jews who pay very little attention to what the Redstones and the Spielbergs are doing. They’re too busy just tending to their own affairs.
And I’m sure that some of those hardworking Jews are not happy that they’re being splashed with the same filth that the Redstones and the Spielbergs are happily heaping onto their Gentile neighbors. They may be somewhat less likely to be affected than the Gentiles, just as many venomous reptiles are immune to their own venom, but still it is clear that some of the Jewish parents of children at Rodeph Sholom Day School on New York's Upper West Side are not pleased that their kiddies are being taught that it’s just as good to have two daddies who bugger each other in the living room as it is to have a traditional family with a natural father and a natural mother living together.
I should tell you, however, that although I understand their feelings, I am not especially sympathetic. Sumner Redstone and Elie Wiesel and Madeleine Albright haven’t done their damage just by working alone, as individuals. They have worked as members of the Jewish community, the Jewish tribe. Without the support of their tribe they could not nave made such a cesspit of our society. Sumner Redstone’s earliest predecessors were pushcart peddlers in New York. The pushcart peddlers formed the basis on which the next generation of pawnbrokers began accumulating money. And the pawn brokers led
to bigger moneylenders and then to the big investment bankers, with the power to finance wars and revolutions. And then came the master corrupters, like MTV owner Redstone, with billions of dollars to buy television networks and newspaper chains and film studios.
And even with his billions, Redstone couldn’t corrupt America’s teenagers by himself. His whole media empire is staffed from top to bottom with members of his tribe. It is the unhappy parents of the Jewish kiddies at Rodeph Sholom Day School who form the manpower pool from which the Redstones draw their recruits. You can’t help your fellow tribesmen make a cesspit out of the society you’re living in and hope to avoid the stink entirely. And the fact is that it’s not just a few billionaire Jews making our society stink. Nearly every time a case comes to light involving large-scale fraud or vice or corruption, there are Jews playing the lead roles. For a minority making up only two and a half percent of the U.S. population, their involvement in vice and corruption is really phenomenal. As a race we certainly have our own weaknesses and vices, but the Jews seem to be attracted irresistibly to our vices so that they can exploit them and at the same time exacerbate them.
There’s a sensational example of this in a trial that just began this week in the U.S. District Court in Adanta. It’s the racketeering trial of Gold Club owner Steve Kaplan and some of his associates. Kaplan’s rise to wealth and power in the vice industry follows the classic Jewish pattern. His father was a magazine peddler in New York’s Grand Central Station. Young Steve
Courtroom sketch of Steve Kaplan
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
A “waitress" at the Gold Club
lusted after money and status, and he cultivated his father’s underworld contacts to get himself started as a night-
I dub operator. Eventually he was able to buy into Atlanta’s Gold Club, and then in 1994 he elbowed his co-owner out
Under Kaplan’s ownership the Gold Club became the principal vice dub in Adanta. Featuring nude dancers and overpriced drinks, it became a favorite hangout for Adanta’s degenerate yuppie set Then Kaplan began inviting Black basketball players to the Gold Club, giving them free drinks. Soon he began pressuring the White strippers he employed as entertainers to have sex with the Black basketball players he invited. The White yuppies would come to the Gold' Club to socialize with Black basketball stars, such as Dennis Rodman, Patrick Ewing, and Charles Oakley, and Kaplan would provide White girls to die Blacks to keep them coming bade. He made his dub into a multicultural brothel: White girls for Black celebrities. He also engaged in credit-card fraud, loan sharking, and the bribery of local police and politicians.
Adanta, of course, had brothels and corruption even before the Jews
began flocking there after the Second World War and made it the New York of the South. And there are topless and bottomless honky-tonks owned by Gentiles in many American cities. But it was Jews who multicul-turalized prostitution, just as it was Jews who multi culturalized professional sports, and Jews who built up
commercialized sex into such a huge
©
business. The latter two activities have had an enormous boost from the Jewish media, of course.
My point is that while vice is by no means exclusively Jewish, Jews have exploited it far out of proportion to their numbers, and they have been the principal agents of change in mul-
The Gold Club in Atlanta
ticulturalizing it We’ll get quite a few instructive tidbits in this regard during the Kaplan trial, which is expected to last several months.
Don’t expect to see Kaplan behind bars when it is over, however. He has $50 million to defend himself, and, for a Jew, being tried in Adanta is the next best thing to being tried in New York. The Jews have the court system in both places pretty well skewed in their favor. An indicator of this is that Kaplan is still out on bond, despite the fact that as a loan shark he ordered the beatings of at least 20 people who failed to make a payment on time, and in the current case he has sent people out to track down and intimidate potential witnesses against him. But the judge clearly believes that this nice Jewish boy doesn’t need to be locked up to keep him out of mischief during his trial. And just in case the jurors need to be reminded that Kaplan is entided to special consideration because all Jews are victims of bigotry, in his opening statement on Tuesday of this week Kaplan’s lawyer, Steve Sadow, told the court that the only reason Kaplan is being prosecuted is that he is “a stereotypical New York Jew.”
The lawyer for a Black Adanta cop who is one of Kaplan’s codefendants took a similar approach. The cop is a defendant because he took bribes from Kaplan and tipped off Kaplan whenever a license inspection or other visit from city officials to the Gold Club was scheduled. His lawyer complained that the trial is “racist” because ail of the sports celebrities the prosecution plans to call as witnesses — the sports celebrities who had free sex with Kaplan’s White strippers — are Black.
You know, I really don’t like people like Steve Kaplan or his lawyer. I wouldn’t like them even if they weren’t involved in the corrupting of our people. There’s something about stereotypical New York Jews that rubs me the wrong way. I don’t like them at all. I don’t want them around me or my people. I doubt very much that I would like the people who run Rodeph Sholom Day School, even if they weren’t busy spreading the notion that homosexual families are “normal” and ought to be accepted.
F

© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
5
And even when it comes to Jews of the sort who write me to protest that they aren’t like the Jews I talk about in my broadcasts, 1 never can forget that they are in fact still Jews. They are members of Steve Kaplan’s tribe, and without the tribe Steve Kaplan wouldn’t be able to do what he does. They may tell me that they don’t approve of Kaplan, but in fact I see too many Kaplans in their tribe, and I don’t see any real effort on the part of the rank-and-file tribe members to change that.
In Israel they are able to do exacdy what they want, to make their own laws to suit themselves, and people like Kaplan flourish there. Israel is the world center of the White slave trade. In Israel it isn’t illegal to own slaves, to buy and sell human beings, so long as they aren’t Jews. White women — our women — are kidnapped from eastern Europe and taken to Israel to be used the way Kaplan uses White women in Adanta. Kaplan really would be at
A
Thirty-two years ago, back in the summer of 1969, the Blacks were rioting in York, Pennsylvania, just as they had rioted in many other American cities during the 1960s, with the encouragement of liberal and Jewish elements in the media, the government, and the universities. Democratic President Lyndon Johnson, just six months out of the White House, had provided an enormous stimulus to this Black disorder during his administration with his so-called “Great Society” programs of special rights and special governmental protections for Blacks.
The general feeling among Blacks in 1969 was that the White man was too soft and too comfortable to fight, and that he could be persuaded to buy them off if they raised enough hell. Certainly, this had been their experience during the past few years. Every time they burned an American city, the White politicians and the White businessmen not only would not punish them but would offer them more handouts and more privileges in an effort to persuade them
home in Israel. I think we ought to send him there. I also think that we ought to send the people who run the Rodeph Sholom Day School there. I think that we ought to send the rest of the members of the tribe there too, even the ones who tell me they don’t approve of people like Kaplan. I think that we ought to give them one warning: release all of your White slaves, turn over all of your illegal nuclear weapons, close down your illegal biological warfare laboratories, and behave yourselves. Otherwise we’ll put a quick and permanent end to your mischief. And I think that we ought to stick to our word.
Dennis Rodman He was a regular at the Gold Club
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Sharing the Affliction,” aired on May 19, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Riot in York
not to riot again. White businessmen, especially, always calculating which policy would yield them more profit, would rather buy the Blacks off than have them hurt business with more rioting. And the White politicians, of course, always danced to whatever tune the media were playing, which definitely was a pro-Black tune. So it is not surprising that the motto of Black leaders at the time was, “We’ve got the White man on the run. Let’s keep him running.” And so they rioted and burned and looted in one American city after another during the 1960s.
And they were rioting in York, Pennsylvania, in July 1969. On July 18 a 22-year-old YCHiite policeman, Henry Schaad, was shot dead by Black rioters in York. Another White policeman in York, Charles Robertson, furious over the murder of his colleague, is alleged to have given rifle cartridges to a young White man he knew and told him that he hoped he would kill as many rioters as possible. Three days after the murder of Henry Schaad, on July 21, a Black woman
was shot to death, presumably by one of several White men firing at the car in which she was riding. No one ever was convicted for either killing.
Today Charles Robertson is the elected mayor of York — and he has just been indicted by an ambitious York County district attorney for the killing of the Black woman in the rioting 32 years ago. Mayor Robertson is not accused of actually shooting the Negress himself, but of being an accessory to the shooting by encouraging White resistance to the Black rioters with his statements and by giving ammunition to one young White man.
Now, in 1969 a charge of that sort wouldn’t have flown at all. It would have been laughed out of court. In 1969 Whites still believed that they had a right to fight back when Blacks rioted and began killing White policemen. Whites still believed that they had a right to protect themselves and their families. White policemen still believed that they had a right to express their feelings about Black rioters — and in fact,
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
to say whatever they wanted to say. But that was 32 years ago. In the past 32 years the demographics of York County has changed — the demographics of the whole country has changed, has become darker — and so has the attitude of the public toward such issues as free speech and self-defense. Thirty-two years of Jewish television propaganda has taken a toll.
Today Jews and liberals — both Democrat and Republican liberals — are just itching to prosecute Whites for things they couldn’t have prosecuted them for successfully in the 1960s. They are enormously proud of themselves for having won a conviction a few days ago against a White man accused of bombing a Black church in Birmingham, Alabama, in 1969. But this itch to prosecute goes far beyond shootings and bombings. Today they want to prosecute people for Political Incorrectness. They’re not quite ready to say that in public, but whenever they can find a case they believe they may be able to win, where they can call it something other than Political Incorrectness, where they can stretch things a bit and call it something else — say, being an accessory to homicide — they'll go for it. So today the prosecution of the White mayor of York is a cause celebre among Pennsylvania Jews and liberals — especially Republican liberals, because Charles Robertson is a Democrat
If we look back 32 years, the White liberals who today are so smugly pleased with themselves for having indicted Mayor Charles Robertson were campus liberals in 1969. They were occupying deans' offices, demanding more Black faculty members, burning their draft cards, cheering Black rioters, and generally tearing up our society. Charles Robertson was a working-class White cop whose job it was to keep our society from being torn up. Sometimes he was called on to drag White liberals kicking • and screaming from a dean’s office. Sometimes he had to thump one of these young, White liberals with his nightstick. They called him “pig” and screamed curses at him. They hated him for doing his job. Today, as liberal district attorneys and judges and newspaper editors, they are getting even.
Sharon Schaad Howe and Sonja Schaad Gilmore, the daughter and wife of slain police officer Henry C. Schaad
Actually, it’s much worse than that. When Mayor Robertson was indicted, members of my organization, the National Alliance, distributed some of our publications in York. We often distribute our materials in an area where some relevant current issue already has caught the attention of the public. Usually the materials we distribute are topical, focusing on the current issue, but sometimes we distribute materials with a more general message, and that was the case in York. We didn’t have a topical leaflet prepared, so our members posted a few hundred signs around York bearing a general pro-White message. We thought that it would be good for the people of York to know that amid all the liberal gloating over the indictment of their mayor, there still are many White people who don’t feel bad about being White.
The signs we posted in York a couple of days ago bore the simple message: “Earth’s most endangered species: the White race. Help preserve it.” That’s all that was on our signs, except for information about contacting the National Alliance. Nothing inflammatory. Nothing provocative. Nothing that should be offensive to
anyone, Black or White. And yet the liberals went berserk. The local newspaper, the York Daily Record, screamed about our “racist signs,” referred to the National Alliance as a “hate group,” and then quoted approvingly the local president of the NAACP -the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People -who suggested that the National Alliance is a dangerous organization that the citizens of York should be wary of. Of our signs he said:
There are enough people in the general populace that don't: subscribe to this kind or talk. It's offensive to them and what they believe.
Did you catch the irony in that7 The local president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People finds the signs of the National Alliance calling for the preservation of the White race to be offensive and says that there are many people in the general population who also find them offensive. But of course, they certainly don’t find the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People offensive, do they?
Well, the York Daily Record didn’t find any irony in the statement by the president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People that our signs calling for the preservation of the White race are offensive. And the sad fact is that many of the White citizens of York also didn’t find any irony there either. The majority of the Whites in York, just as everywhere, are lemmings. They don’t think, except as the controlled media tell them to think. They find offensive whatever the media — whatever their authority figures — tell them they should find offensive. But they certainly don’t think about it. They certainly don’t ask themselves why preserving the White race should be offensive, but advancing colored people should not be offensive. It would frighten and confuse them terribly if anyone — the National Alliance, for example — tried to make them think about such things. They are much more comfortable just parroting the party line, and that party line, in its essence, is, “Whites are bad, Blacks are good.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
That may sound simplistic — and of course, the mass media are careful never to state it that clearly — but in fact that is precisely the essence of the message with which they have been brainwashing the White public, not just in York, but everywhere, during the past 32 years and more. And the brainwashing has been effective, which is why the liberal establishment has decided that it is now. politically advantageous to prosecute Mayor Charles Robertson when it wasn’t politically advantageous to do so 32 years ago.
And it’s also why no one in the York political establishment is interested in finding and prosecuting the murderer or murderers of White policeman Henry Schaad. Eight other White men besides Mayor Robertson have been indicted in the past few days by the York district attorney, but all of the indictments have been in connection with the shooting of the Negress 32 years ago. No one has been indicted for the murder of Henry Schaad. I have a strong suspicion that I could walk into the York County prosecutor’s office with a videotaped confession from a Black who shot Henry Schaad on July 18, 1969, and no one in the prosecutor’s office would be interested.
And 1 suspect that the same lack of interest would be displayed by everyone at the York Daily Record. Prosecuting a Blade for the 32-year-old murder of a White cop — or writing about it — simply would not be politically advantageous. In fact, nearly every news report I have read about the background of the arrest of Mayor Robertson fails even to mention the murder of Henry Schaad. They focus entirely on the Negress who was shot three days after Schaad, and they paint the whole thing as just another instance of racist Whites victimizing poor, inoffensive Blacks.
A good example is the account in this week’s issue of Newsweek magazine. There’s no mention of the murder of Henry Schaad by Black rioters on July 18. Instead, Newsweek deceptively suggests that the riot was caused by the shooting of the Negress on July 21, that the Blacks of York were all happily and peacefully behaving themselves until a Black woman was mur-
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
dered on July 21, and that’s what started the riot. The Newsweek story — that’s on page 30 of the May 28 issue — states that then-policeman Charles Robertson has been charged with:
supplying White gang members with
bullets, urging one to /Vkill as many n-rs
as you can," and fomenting a race riot.
That really makes it sound like the riot didn’t start until Robertson had given cartridges to a White gang member and urged him to start killing Blacks, doesn’t it7 But in fact the riot had been underway for some time, and the Black rioters already had murdered Robertson’s colleague Henry Schaad at the time Robertson is accused of “fomenting a race riot.”
Do you think that was just sloppy reporting by Newsweek? I don’t think so. I think it was a deliberate attempt to deceive, a deliberate attempt to place the blame for the riot on White racists, a deliberate attempt to continue the brainwashing of the White public with the “White is bad, Black is good” party line.
Well, we already had a pretty good idea that the media people and the politicians are liars and crooks. What is much more worrisome is the current state of mind of the lemmings. I mentioned a minute ago — and I’ve mentioned on many earlier broadcasts — lemmings don’t think, and lemmings make up the great majority of our population: probably around 97 percent. Of course, when I say lemmings don’t think, I am oversimplifying. Lemmings aren’t necessarily stupid; it’s just that they are constitutionally incapable of forming or holding an opinion that is contrary to their perception of what the people around them believe — and their perception comes from their television screens. They worship authority, and the faces and voices that speak to them with such certainty and self-confidence from their television screens are their authorities. And the same thing applies to the other mass media, not just television.
Take someone who reads Newsweek magazine for example, an intelligent lemming — a stockbroker or a high school teacher or a small businessman, but still a lemming — and tell him that the story about York’s Mayor Charles Robertson has been
7
deliberately falsified. He won’t believe you. Show him original accounts of the riot from 1969 newspapers. These newspapers are still available. The lemming still won’t believe you. Instead he will become confused and frightened. You are trying to prove his authority wrong! You are trying to make him believe something contrary to his authority, something contrary to what all his peers believe! That’s very disturbing indeed to someone who all his life has been an unquestioning slave to ideological fashion.
Then tell your lemming — your stockbroker or high school teacher or small businessman — that the reason Newsweek magazine lies about important issues, such as racial conflicts, is that it is under Jewish control, that it is owned by Katherine Meyer Graham’s Washington Post Company, and that like all of the Jewish mass media its aim is to undermine White solidarity, White self-confidence, the White sense of identity and community, and to instill feelings of White guilt and White self-hatred in its readers, so that they will not resist Jewish domination of their society.
Tell him that, and you will see the light of understanding go on in his eyes. Aha! You are one of those awful anti-Semites he has been told about! You are one of those terrible White racists, the very worst possible kind of person! Aha! Now he understands why you are refusing to believe the story in Newsweek, a story all right-thinking citizens should believe! Now he understands why you are trying to confuse and frighten him! And you will hear a loud “clang!” as his mind slams shut
Try it, and that’s what you will experience. Actually, I know that many of you, perhaps most of you, already have had that experience. That is the terrible reality of human nature, the terrible reality of lemming-hood. The story in the York Daily Record I quoted earlier gleefully described the reaction of many of York’s White citizens to our signs with the message, “Earth’s most endangered species: the White race; help preserve it” They were frightened and disturbed, the newspaper reported. They began tearing down all of the signs they could find. They
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
called the police to report the signs. Within a day, the newspaper proudly said, most of our signs had been destroyed.
•And I suppose that the mass mxlia have a right to be proud. Thirty years ago the White citizens of York wouldn’t have reacted that way to our signs: perhaps not even ten years ago. The change in attitude, the increase in feelings of White guilt and self-hatred, the enormous increase in the fear of being thought a “racist,” all have been wrought by the mass media in a well planned and carefully orchestrated campaign of brainwashing, a campaign made feasible only by Jewish control of the most important and powerful elements of the media.
I told you that the lemmings are frightened by our signs. Well, I am frightened by the lemmings. I am frightened because I know where this Jewish brainwashing campaign is headed ultimately. It is headed toward our total enslavement and then our annihilation as a race, as a threat to Jewish supremacy. The lemmings already have been brought to the point where they are ready to abandon the First Amendment. They are ready to have “speech crime” laws enacted, so that they will not be confused and frightened by Politically Incorrect speech, such as my “Earth’s
most endangered species” signs. A good third of them believe now that such speech — what York’s NAACP president would call “offensive” speech — already is illegal. That’s why they call the police when they see one of my signs. My estimate is that another third believe that offensive speech should be made illegal. Lemmings already have memorized the media argument that the First Amendment never was meant to protect offensive speech. They will tell you that talking about preserving the White race is like shouting “fire!” in a crowded theatre. It offends people of color, it might start a riot. Therefore, it should be oudawed. The Constitution was never meant to protect speech that might start a riot
That is where things are headed. That is where the masters of the controlled media have been headed from the beginning, despite their deceptive pretense of supporting free speech. America is almost there. Most of the lemmings are ready. They have been slaves to ideological fashion all their lives. Lemmings are slaves by nature. They certainly don’t need free speech. It only confuses and frightens them. They will be happy to see an end to it
What about the rest of us: the two or three percent of the population who aren’t lemmings? What about
those of us who value freedom, those of us willing to fight and kill and risk our own lives in support of freedom? Events such as those taking place in York, Pennsylvania, now can only be worrisome to us. The fearful reaction of so many of the White citizens of York to the National Alliance’s signs can only be worrisome. The threat of the enactment of “speech crime” laws, followed by a government crackdown on all American dissidents and the imposition of total Jewish tyranny is worrisome. And the fact that most of our fellow citizens will happily obey the tyrants and will help in the suppression of anyone — like us — who opposes the tyrants is most worrisome of all: the fact that we will be obliged to fight against the majority of our own people.
But we still do have our freedom for a while. The tyrants who are itching to silence us and impose their rule on us still must hide behind a pretense of support for freedom. Let us use our time well, the time when we still can speak the truth and can organize and build for the future without having to break the law or shed blood. Let us not be silenced by fear at a time when silence is not yet demanded of us by tyrants. Let us speak out boldly now — not to the lemmings, of course, but to those capable of thinking for themselves, to those who value their freedom. Talk to them about the deliberate deception in Newsweek magazine, about the irony in the claim by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People that our signs calling for the preservation of the White race are “offensive.” Talk to them about this broadcast. Make those who are not afraid of thinking think.
Let us speak out. Let us organize. Let us build our strength now, while we still have our freedom, for the coming struggle against those who will attempt to take our freedom away from us. That struggle is surely coming, and it almost is upon us.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program "A Riot in York,” aired on May 26, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yc&r
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
9
Scalp Dance
I’ve been reading one of the new books that my sponsor, National Van* guard Books, has just added to its cat-alog. It’s Scalp Dance, by Thomas Goodrich, and it’s a history of the conflict between Plains Indians and White setders moving west in the years immediately after the American Civil War, between about 1865 and 1879. Much of the book consists of eyewitness accounts by White sob diers, scouts, and settlers involved in the conflict. The hook is interesting to me for its information on that period of our history: information about the hardships that our ancestors overcame in conquering this country and building a civilization here, information about the courage and tenacity and ingenuity they displayed in fighting against a ferocious and cruel foe.
The book also is interesting as an anthropological study, a study of the racial differences, th.e behavioral differences, the differences in mentality and attitude between the Indians and the Whites. One of these differences of most immediate concern to our ancestors was the almost unbelievable cruelty and sadism of the Indians. The fate of White captives almost invariably was much worse than death: it involved hideous and prolonged torture and mutilation, and for the women, gang rape as well.
The deceitfulness of the Indians also was something that took getting used to. The Indians have often complained that the Great White Father in Washington didn’t keep his promises, and of course, that’s still true. Politicians always have spoken with forked tongues. But the lies of the White politicians were nothing compared to the everyday deceit and trickery of the Indians. The Plains Indians quickly learned that many of the Whites freshly arrived from the east had been indoctrinated with liberal propaganda about the “noble savage” in their schools and churches. These innocents headed west with their heads pumped full of foolish notions about the basic decency of the Indi-
Indian warfare on
THE HIGH PliAINS. 1865-1879 THOMAS GOODRICH
Scalp Dance
ans and determined to be fair in all their dealings with them.
When a group of Indians spotted a wagon train of such prospective settlers unaccompanied by soldiers or experienced scouts, they would approach with smiles and other indications of friendly intent, sometimes waving a white flag. Almost certainly there were good Christian souls in those wagon trains who told their husbands, “Put away your rifle, you fool! Can’t you see that they’re friendly? If you’re holding a rifle, that will just provoke them.” When the Indians got close enough to evaluate the situation fully, they either would strike immediately or mix with the prospective settlers and wait for the opportune moment to begin cutting throats and taking scalps. Then, after a day or so of amusing themselves raping the White women and listening to the screams of the White men staked out on the ground with a small fire burning at their crotches, they would move on and leave the scraps for the wolves and coyotes. Such fools soon enough were weeded out of
those Whites who settled in the plains and survived Indian attacks, but there seemed to be an inexhaustible supply of them back East, where the preachers continued pumping new heads full of dangerous nonsense. It’s really too bad that the preachers and other propagandists of the “noble savage” school didn’t head west themselves to try out their ideas on real savages.
This is the aspect of Scalp Dance that I found most interesting. One can see some fascinating parallels between the experiences of our pioneer ancestors and what’s happening to us today. Basically we White Americans today are the same people as those White pioneers pushing west 130 years ago and fighting the Indians for the right to do so. Probably we’re not as tough as they were, because our lives have been softer than theirs were even before they started west from Philadelphia or Boston or Baltimore. And dysgenic breeding certainly must have lowered our quality a trifle: kids who wouldn’t have survived long enough to breed then are the most prolific element in the over medicated, overprotected White population today. But still, today we’re about 90 percent of what we were in 1870.
Back then we got our act together and pretty well took care of our Indian problem. It cost us a huge amount of pain and tears and blood, but we prevailed. We destroyed the savages, we conquered the land for our people, and since then five generations of our people have lived on that land. Today, however, we have problems that in some ways are very similar to our Indian problem then. The difference is that today we’re not getting our act together.
As I said, we licked the Plains Indians; we gave them a beating from which they never recovered and never will. Today the mongrels, the mestizos, pouring across our southern border are related to them, of course: they’re a similar sort of Indian, along with some Spanish admixture. If we had our act together we’d stop that
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
The massacre of the Johanas Dietz family by Iroquois during the American Revolution
mestizo invasion in its tracks, and then we’d clean out every one of them who has managed to sneak across in the last 50 years, along with all the descendants of those who sneaked across, regardless of whether they were born south of the border or north of the border. We’d herd them back across the border the same way we herded the Plains Indians onto reservations. And the mestizos would stay south of the border, because we would stop playing the silly games the U.S. Border Patrol plays with them today. Even if one did manage to get across without being shot, what could he do? He would be recognized imme-diately, just because he wouldn’t be White, and then he’d be shot
That is the way our ancestors who whipped the Plains Indians would have dealt with the mestizo invasion. Of course, the reason the mestizos are invading our country today is because our ancestors whipped the Plains Indians. It’s not just that the Plains Indians would have as gladly scalped any mestizos as White men coming into their territory, it is that after our ancestors whipped the Indians they built a civilization on the prairie, with farms and ranches and towns and railroads. They made the prairie productive in a way that neither the Plains Indians nor the mestizos ever could. It was after the Whites had eliminated the
danger of being scalped and had created wealth north of the border that the mestizos came pouring across, hoping to share in the White man’s wealth.
Which is to say that, when our ancestors solved their Indian problem, they prepared the way for our mestizo problem today. That’s the way the world always has been: one problem always leads to another, and there never is a time without problems or dangers or struggle. The objective always must be to survive, to assure the survival of one’s people, to prevail, and to grow stronger, so that one’s people can overcome the next problem.
So why aren’t we prevailing today, when our ancestors would have? I said a moment ago that they got their act together, and we don’t seem to be able to do that What does that mean, specifically?
Certainly, our ancestors had weaknesses, and they made mistakes. They weren’t an ideal bunch of survivors, by any standard. Because their government was a democracy, it was corrupt, with politicians then, just as today, concerned almost entirely with being elected or re-elected and willing to say or do anything to that end. But at least the politicians then couldn’t expect to win many votes by catering to non-White minorities or to homo-
sexuals or to feminists, and there were almost no Jews in the country.
In the eastern cities there were many muddle-headed liberals, including many in the schools, teaching the equality of races and individuals. We had just gone through a horribly bloody and destructive civil war, in which the notion of racial equality had infected the minds of many citizens on the winning side, although by no means a majority of them. We had Christian preachers, then as now, morally disarming our people by preaching that the Indians were our “brothers” and that we just needed to be nice to them, and then they would be nice to us. We had newspapers insinuating this poison into the minds of our people. But we didn’t have television, and not even the newspapers were unanimous in their liberalism.
Most important, there was no hostile element inside our ranks strong enough to consolidate our weaknesses and to exacerbate them to the point where we became powerless in the face of our external enemies. We had, for all practical purposes, no Jews, and the Jews who already were here had not yet fastened their grip on our mass media. That is the key difference between then and now.
Many of our people were confused then and had wacky ideas. Many of them had sectarian grievances against their fellow Whites as a result of the Civil War or that they had brought over from Europe with them, and these sectarian or nationalist grievances were more bitter than any grievances they might develop against the Indians. We had traitors among our own people: businessmen who sold rifles to the Indians so long as they could do so at a profit.
But we had no malevolent element working to turn all of these weaknesses against us and destroy us. These weaknesses were not glorified and preached to our children and to our young people with the intent of crippling them morally. We did not have a strongly coherent, racially self-conscious minority in our midst promoting policies intended to increase alienation among our people, intended to weaken our sense 6f identity, intended to undermine our feei-
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
ings of solidarity with our own people, intended to keep us confused and divided and make us easy prey for this predatory minority.
We did not have Jewish televi-sion. We did not have Sumner Red-stone and MTV. We did not Michael Eisner and the Weinstein brothers and their films promoting racial mix-ing and homosexuality and feminism. We did not have Gerald Levin and his Warner record companies promoting rap music among impressionable young Whites. We did not have a Jew-dominated Madison Avenue promoting ail of the same, destructive filth in magazine advertising. We did not have a Jewish lobby controlling the political process and the government in this country. Our university campuses were not in the grip of Political Correctness. The teachers and administrators in our public schools were not forced to march in ideological lockstep, forced to indoctrinate the kids in their charge with the same sort of lies and poison with which their parents were being indoctrinated by television.
Again: we did not have Jewish television then, and we do have it today. That is why we were able to get our act together in 1870 and beat the Plans Indians and claim the prairies for our people, and it is why we are not able to get our act together today and can only stand by in confused helplessness as the mestizos swarm into America and take back the land that our ancestors won for us with so much blood and pain and sacrifice and heroism.
That’s the same reason we let Blacks and Asians infest our schools and can’t figure how to stop it. It’s the reason we let our cities go to hell as the Blacks take them over. It’s the reason we let them commit outrage after outrage against our people and don’t know what to do about it except give them more welfare and other unearned benefits. If in 1870 Blacks had gone on a rampage the way they did in Cincinnati a few weeks ago or in Seatde a few weeks before that, beating White women senseless, we would have simply cleaned them out. There wouldn’t be a Blade left alive in a city where they had done that sort of thing. Today we just watch them
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
destroy our country and brutalize our women while we sit on our hands in confusion.
Every vice and weakness we had in 1870 we have a hundred times worse today — and today we have a satanically clever and vicious gang of predators orchestrating those vices and coordinating those weaknesses in order to keep us morally paralyzed and unable to resist their predation.
You know, I’ve had a number of people tell me that if permit ourselves to become a minority in America during the next few decades, as the demographers predict, it will be because we aren’t fit enough to survive. If the Blacks and mestizos and Vietnamese and Koreans are taking our country away from us, it’s because they’re more fit than we are, and this land will be the breeding ground for future generations of their people instead of ours. More to the point is the claim that if we let the Jews come into our country, infiltrate our society, gain monopoly control of our mass media, and then use that control to paralyze and to destroy us, it is proof that they are the fitter race, and it is proper for them to replace us as masters of the planet.
Some people tell me that in a smug, mocking sort of way. They’re the totally alienated, the people who don’t care at all who is master of the planet except as it affects them as individuals, and who think it’s funny that I or anyone else should be worried what happens to our race after we die. But others are quite serious when they say to me: “Doesn’t the fact that the Jews were able to sneak in and get control of our media and then our government, that they are able to persuade our women to sleep with Blacks, that they are able to make 200 million White lemmings parrot whatever nonsense the Jews choose to feed them through their television screens, that they are able to do all of these things to us while we do nothing in response — doesn’t this prove that the Jews are smarter than we are, superior to us as a race, and more fit to survive? Doesn’t that mean that our extinction and the Jews’ survival will be in accord with the natural order?”
Well, let’s look at it another way. Suppose that you are driving with
11
your wife or girlfriend along a city freeway late at night, and you accidentally take a wrong exit and find yourself driving through a Black neighborhood, with Blacks swarming all over the streets and sidewalks. And then you have a flat tire. And because of the restrictive laws in your state you don’t even have a firearm in your car to protect yourself. And when the Blacks realize your predicament, they surround your car and begin smashing the windows with bricks, so that they can pull you and your woman out. Does this in itself mean that the Blacks are superior to you?
Imagine that your child is playing in your yard. A neighbor’s pit bull gets loose from his chain, comes into your yard, attacks your child, and mauls him to death. Does this prove that the pit bull, as a breed, is superior to you and your kind, as a breed?
In a sense, whoever survives in such an encounter is superior to the loser. But we ought to look at the matter in a broader framework before we draw final conclusions. We know that, as a breed, we can destroy the pit bulls of the world as a breed whenever we decide that’s what we ought to do. We know that the only reason the Blacks are a danger to us now is that there are other forces involved over which the Blacks have no control.
It is true that the Jews slipped in, got the advantage over us, and now are pushing us rapidly toward extinction — but we aren’t there yet. If we give up now — if we say, “Oh, look, the Jews have gotten the advantage over us,” and then we do nothing about that — then we have proved ourselves unfit to survive. But in fact, the Jews’ advantage is a precarious one, based entirely on their control of the mass media of news and entertainment. If they lose that control, then they also lose their control over our government, and then they will be the ones headed for extinction.
They understand that, of course, and they are determined to hang on. An amusing example of this occurred just a few days ago, when there was a series of changes of executive personnel in the media giant NBC. NBC itself is divided into news and entertainment divisions. The president of NBC News, Andrew Lack, moved up
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
to become president of NBC. Neal Shapiro, executive producer of “Dateline NBC,” moved up to become president of NBC News. Jonathan Wald, who was the executive producer of the show “NBC Nighdy News” will take over NBC’s “Today Show.” Jeff Zucker, who held the “Today Show” position earlier, is now president of NBC’s entertainment division. And so on, for many other executive positions at NBC: a real game of musical chairs. The interesting thing is that all of the executives involved are Jews. And that’s pretty much the way it is with the other media giants too. They really believe that they’ve got it all sewed up, and that no one can challenge them. That’s why their propaganda has become so blatant recently.
But you know, things change. Sometimes they change unexpectedly
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
and radically — even things that seem to be all sewed up. And when the future of the race is at stake, I m not the only one likely to do something radical.
One of the outstanding combat pilots of all time was Hans Ulrich Rudel. He logged more than 2500 combat missions during the Second World War and was the most highly decorated pilot of that war. He sank a Soviet battleship, and he destroyed more than 500 Soviet tanks. He was shot down behind Soviet lines several times and was severely wounded. He finished the war flying with only one leg.
When he was down behind enemy lines, surrounded by Red Army troops advancing with submachine guns, his gunner surrendered
and then perished in the gulag. But Rudel never surrendered, no matter how hopeless the situation seemed. His motto was: “Only he is lost who gives himself up for lost.”
It is a motto that it would be well for those to ponder who believe that the Jews are so powerful that we never can force them to remove their fangs from our necks and then get them off our backs. “Only he is lost who gives himself up for lost.”
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Scalp Dance,” aired on June 2, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
Behind Liberalism
When anyone wants to eliminate a problem or overcome an obstacle, it’s usually a big help to him to understand the nature of the problem or the obstacle. If he misunderstands the nature of the problem and bases his attempt to eliminate it on that misunderstanding, he’s far more likely to fail than if he tackles the problem with a thorough understanding of its nature. That’s self-evident, and probably my worst enemies would agree with me on that. And yet there are some very important problems that are frustrating us in our efforts to solve them simply because most of us have made no serious effort to understand their true nature. We have just assumed that the nature of the problems is self-evident when in fact it is not
The most important example of this is the assumption that the reason our civilization is self-destructing is so-called “liberal” social and political policies. There is a general belief that we have a preponderance of liberals in our government, in the media, among school administrators, among Christian preachers, and so on, and that most of the White public goes along with the destructive policies of these leading liberals because most members of the public also are liberals.
And I’m using the word “liberal” to designate a person who has a par-
ticular set of beliefs, much in the way a Christian has a particular set of beliefs. That is, a Christian believes, among other things, that a man named Jesus of Nazareth, born approximately 2,000 years ago in Palestine, was the son of God; that he walked on water, resurrected the dead, and performed other miracles; and that after he was crucified at the demand of the Jews he rose from the dead and ascended into heaven. And a liberal believes, among other things, that all featherless bipeds are “equal” — that is, that they all are born with the same potential and would be equal in their accomplishments if they all had the same advantages and opportunities.
And as I said, there is a very common assumption made that the ongoing destruction of our society and our civilization is the consequence of applying the fallacious belief system of the liberals to the formulation of public policy. But this very common assumption is incorrect — or perhaps it would be better to say that it misses the point. Liberal policies certainly are destructive, but they aren’t the ultimate driving force behind the assault on Western civilization and our race. And so any attempt to restore our society to health and save our civilization from ruin based on an effort to change the beliefs of liberals — to con-
vince liberals of the incorrectness of their ideas — is likely to fail. It is likely to fail because the problem is only superficially, but not fundamentally, the consequence of a group of people — namely, liberals — basing their policies on a particular set of incorrect ideas, such as the innate equality of all featherless bipeds. The problem is not one of belief, but one of psychology, of human nature, and of the skillful psychological manipulation of that nature by hidden agents.
I am sure that there are real liberals: that is, people who have thought about the world around them and then consciously adopted the liberal ideology. They constitute a fraction of a percent of the people who adhere to liberal policies and pay lip service to liberal ideas. The rest — that is, nearly all so-called “liberals” — are liberals for the same reason that Catholics are Catholics and Lutherans are Lutherans and Buddhists are Buddhists. It has nothing to do with the ideologies of the various religions and everything to do with psychology. With a few rare exceptions, a Catholic is not a Catholic because he has thought about the world around him and decided that Catholicism is what makes the most sense. He is a Catholic because his parents and his neighbors are Catholics. He is a Catholic —
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
13
Two typical White Liberal lemmings Most Liberals are not inherently evil or destructive; they are morally neutral. They believe whatever it is fashionable to believe. What is fashionable is determined by the mass media and the true evil lies in those who control it.
or a Lutheran or a Buddhist — because he is a lemming, and lemmings don’t make up their own minds about anything. They believe — really believe — whatever they think the people around them believe.
With liberals today it’s not so much a matter of believing what one’s parents or neighbors believe as it is believing what one perceives to be fashionable in one’s peer group, and the perception most often comes from one’s television screen. It is possible to persuade an occasional liberal that his view of the world is incorrect and his policies are destructive and he should straighten out his thinking, just as it is possible to persuade an occasional Lutheran that Martin Luther really was the Antichrist and that Lutherans should beg the Pope for forgiveness and return to Holy Mother Church. It’s a hard sell in either case. And as I said, it misses the point.
The point is this: Liberals are tools. Most of them are not inherendy evil or destructive, any more than a hammer used to smash a statue by Phidias is evil or a match used to burn a great library is evil. Liberals are morally neutral, like the hammer and the match. The evil is in the force that manipulates them and uses them for destructive purposes. The evil is in the mind that plans the destruction and then uses the liberals to carry it out. And that force is the force that controls our mass media of news and entertainment That mind is the mind that formulates the slant of the news and the content of the media entertainment; the mind that determines which news will be reported and how it will be reported, and which news will be suppressed; the mind that determines which trends will be made fashionable and which ideas will be deemed Politically Correct
And it is that force, that mind, that malevolent spirit that we must counter: that we must be aware of in making our plan to restore our society to health and halt the ruin of our civilization. When I said a moment ago that our problem is not one of belief but one of psychology, of human nature, I meant that we should not focus our efforts on trying to change
the beliefs of the liberals but rather on exposing and then destroying the malevolent entity that manipulates the liberals by exploiting their psychological compulsion to conform to perceived norms.
That’s a fact, but as I said at the beginning, most people who are interested in eliminating the problem fail to see it that way. They still want to fight the liberals rather than the hidden force behind the liberals. What I’ll do now is try to persuade you that my understanding of the nature of the problem is correct by providing a few examples or illustrations of the way in which the problem manifests itself.
We might note first the global nature of the problem, the global way in which it is being orchestrated. Almost everywhere one looks in the White world, one sees the same destructive forces at work, the same governmental policies, the same wrongheaded attitudes and fashions being promoted by the media. There are, of course, local differences of detail. The United States had a large population of Black slaves until 136 years ago, and no country in Europe has that sort of history. One would
expect this difference to have a strong effect on racial attitudes and policies, but in fact the policies of governments throughout Europe and the party line promoted by the mass media of news and entertainment throughout Europe are in broad oudine the same as those in the United States.
The denial of racial differences and the doctrinaire promotion of egalitarianism are as much policies of the mass media and the government in Germany, in France, and in the United Kingdom, for example, as in the United States. Most European countries have no common border with a non-White country, as the United States does, and yet one sees the same insanely destructive policy regarding non-White immigration nearly everywhere in Europe that one sees in the United States. Nowhere is non-White immigration popular, and yet every government pursues a policy of bringing non-White immigrants into the country and then favoring and protecting them after they are in. One sees the same sort of corruption of the society by Turks, by Arabs, by Blacks, by Pakistanis, by Vietnamese, by Chinese, or by other non-Whites
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
in the big cities of Sweden or Den-mark or England as in the United States. The majority of the Whites everywhere are against it, while their supposedly democratic governments and the media are for it
A good example of this is what’s been happening in northern England recendy, where Asian gangs have been attacking and terrorizing Whites, and the government and the media have been trying to blame it on “White racists,” such as members of the British National Party, the BNP. In fact the dynamics of the current racial rioting in the Manchester, England, area and in nearby Leeds is remarkably similar Co the racial conflicts we’ve seen in places like Seatde and Cincinnati recendy in this country. In Seatde and Cincinnati, Blacks were attacking Whites — specifically targeting Whites, especially young, White women, for vicious beatings fueled by racial hatred — while the media tried hard to persuade the public that race had nothing to do with the attacks, and the politicians were making promises of more handouts to the Blacks and looking for Whites to arrest in connection with the rioting so that they could not be accused of “racial profiling” because they arrested more Blacks than Whites. In the Manchester suburb of Oldham, with a population of nearly a quarter of a million — 15 percent of which consists of Asian immigrants brought in by the British government against the will of the British people since the Second World War — gangs of Pakistanis, Bangladeshis, and Indians have been attacking Whites, while the media and the politicians have been trying to blame it on Whites, who supposedly provoked the Asians. Change the names of the cities, and the news stories in England about the Oldham race war or the race riot just three days ago in Leeds could have been written in this country about the riots in Seatde and Cincinnati.
I’ll read to you excerpts from a couple of news reports that came from Oldham during the last two weeks. An Associated Press International story from Sunday, May 27, reported:
At the height of the clashes — which continued off and on for seven hours, into
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
Walter Chamberlain
the early hours of Sunday — up to 500 youths fought pitched battles with police in full riot gear. The fighting left the main thoroughfare in the town's Glodwick district littered with broken bricks, shards of glass, and the hulks of several burned-out cars.
Paul Barrow, proprietor of a pub that was trashed in the fighting, said rioters burst in and began beating his patrons. "The first of them got through the door and attacked the customers with whatever they could get their hands on — bottles, stools, and glasses," he said.
Did you hear anything about that7 I’m sure that you would have heard plenty and would still be hearing about it if 500 Whites had been the ones rioting and beating up Asians. And do you know how the rioting started? The same Associated Press International story says:
The riot apparently was sparked when a gang of white youths attacked a home in a neighborhood where most residents are of Pakistani, Bangladeshi, or Indian origin, police said. Soon after, a group of about 100 youths from the neighborhood attacked a pub mainly patronized by whites.
Actually, gangs of Asians have been attacking Whites in Oldham for months. Most of these attacks have been ignored by the media, although an especially vicious incident earlier
this year did make national headlines. In that incident Asians nearly killed a 76-year-old White man, Walter Chamberlain, when they smashed his face with bricks while screaming anti-White insults at him.
I’ll read you another news report, this one from the May 30 issue of London’s The Times.:
White families barricaded the windows of their homes with planks of wood last night as residents in the Oldham riot zone retreated behind ethnic lines....
Earlier Jack Straw, the home secretary, tried to blame racial conflict in the town on intervention by the British National Party, but angry local white people told a different story. After Chief Superintendent Eric Hewitt said on television that all but a few of the 20 people arrested overnight were white. The Times sought the views of the town's shrinking white community.
People described themselves as being under siege. Neighbors told of sending children to stay with families in Manchester and Ashton-under-Lyne so that they were not injured by bricks flying through windows or kept awake at night by police helicopters....
Mr. Straw told the Oldham Evening Chronicle yesterday: "It is plain beyond doubt that relations between different sections of the community can only be poisoned by the intervention of extremists like the BNP. I utterly deplore their attempts to exploit the situation m the town."
Straw’s comments about the BNP are nearly identical to those of the local media and government people in York, Pennsylvania, about me and the National Alliance when some of our material was distributed in York recently. I told you about that in my broadcast two weeks ago. If one isn’t aware of the underlying forces involved, that sort of global unanimity might be surprising.
By the way, Jack Straw, the United Kingdom’s minister of home affairs, who among other things is in charge of the country’s police agencies, is a Jew. So was his predecessor as home secretary, Michael Howard. I have no idea how he managed to appropriate a good English name like “Howard,” but while he was in office Howard banned me from the United Kingdom. He told me that if I ever attempted to enter that country again I would be arrested. The reason for my banning, he said, is that I might cause a breach of the public order. I told him that I had never in my life caused a breach of the public order anywhere. But the banning still stands. A Jew is able to tell me that I
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2001
15
cannot visit the land of my ancestors, and his order is enforced by English policemen!
What do you think is the likelihood that the present Jewish home secretary, Jack Straw, will ban any of the Pakistanis or other Asians who smashed in Walter Chamberlain’s head with bricks? Well of course, you know that there’s no chance at all of that because the same unwritten rules apply in Britain that apply here. An attack on a White by a non-White is not regarded as a breach of the public order. It’s only when a White defends himself against non-Whites that the media begin yapping about “hate crimes,” and the government politicians spring into action.
And it’s not just Britain and the United States. The same controlling force is at work in Germany, in Scandinavia, in France, in Canada, in Australia, and everywhere else in the White world. From Switzerland to Sweden it is against the law to question the Jews’ claims about how many of them died during the Second World War in the so-called “Holocaust” or how they died. In Switzerland people are in prison now for saying, “I’m not convinced that six million Jews were killed in gas chambers by the Germans. I think that fewer than six million Jews died during the war, and most of them died from disease in the concentration camps, rather than from poison gas.” Say that over here, and the media will denounce you hysterically as a “Holocaust denier.” Say it in Canada or Australia or Switzerland or almost any other country in Europe, and the government will lock you up.
It is not just an amazing coincidence that we have this global similarity in conditions at this instant in time. What we can see is the same organized campaigns, the same well-oiled legislative and social programs, the same hidden forces behind these campaigns in every country. As I said, there are differences in detail, but the same evil minds, the same schemers are at work globally. Take any program, any campaign — the current campaign by Jewish groups to have more “speech crime” legislation enacted in the United States, for example — and if you want to see
where it is headed, look at any other White country where the same program has met a little less resistance and been able to gain more ground. Where the campaign has gone in one country is where it is headed in every country, because the same malevolent force is behind it.
I’ll give you another indication that it’s not soft, weepy liberal sentiment that’s wrecking our society today, but rather a cold, hard, cunning, evil force behind the liberalism, using the liberalism to push a hidden agenda. It’s not some soggy, mushy idea that everything that somehow qualifies as “human” is equal that is the driving force behind the ruin of our civilization, but rather it is a strongly cohesive group of people that consider themselves superior to everyone not in their ethnic/racial/reli-gious group and only use egalitarianism as a wrecking tool against our society. My organization, the National Alliance, has for several years been publishing information on the racial differences in the incidence of HIV infection in the United States. One of our leaflets, which we have distributed widely on university campuses, points out that heterosexual Black males are 14 times as likely as heterosexual White males to be carriers of the AIDS-causing virus. We’ve also pointed out that while AIDS among Whites is largely a disease of homosexuals, among Blacks it’s largely a heterosexual disease. Well, when we point out this starding difference between Black and White HIV infection rates for heterosexual males, with Blacks 14 times as likely to be infected, liberals don’t want to believe it. They don’t want to believe it because it is contrary to their primary belief in equality, in the essential sameness of Blacks and Whites.
But of course, the people behind the scenes — the schemers — are concerned with facts, with reality, not
with nutty notions of equality. The sophomore college girls can squeal in disbelief when we present our information about racial disparities in the spread of AIDS and can denounce us as “haters,” but the AIDS professionals, the experts, understand the truth of the matter. I have in front of me, on my desk at this moment, a poster — a large, colorful poster — published by the Florida Department of Health, intended for distribution in Black neighborhoods. It says, in large black and red letters “1 in 50 Blacks in Florida has HIV.” And it gives an 800 number for Blacks to call for free HIV testing.
So why aren’t the White college girls in Florida told that two percent of Blacks are HIV infected? The government is telling the Blacks this but hoping that Whites won’t find out Why is that7 Could it be that the people behind the scenes don’t want White college girls to be wary of having sex with Blacks? Could it be that they want White college girls to become infected with HIV?
I believe that’s exacdy what they want. I believe that the people behind the scenes want the destruction of our people by any means, including racial mixing with Blacks. That’s why the experts, the people who know the facts about AIDS, are afraid to speak up and tell the college girls that the National Alliance is correct. They are afraid of bucking the Jews behind the scenes. I have seen this fear manifested over and over again, and it is another evidence of the powerful forces which simply use liberalism as a destructive tool against our people.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Behind Liberalism,” aired on June 9, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year