IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
FREE SPEECH ‘JULY 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO. VII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) or $10 Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the irs Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
Images
I’m the chairman of the National Alliance. I’m trying to build the National Alliance into a strong enough organization so that we can have a major influence on a number of policies which are important to the future of our people. We want to change the government’s policy on immigration, for example, which is flooding America with non-White immigrants, both legal and illegal. We want to regain control of our mass media of news and entertainment, so that we can put an end to the media propaganda which encourages racial mixing between Whites and non-Whites. We want to change our political system so that we never again have a person such as Bill Clinton in the White House or a person such as Madeleine Albright . in our State Department. We want a better future for our people.
We work toward our goal by educating the public and by recruiting from that portion of the public which responds positively to our educational
effort. With the new members we gain we are able to enhance our educational effort and reach more people. But we do have problems that make our task very difficult. I’ll tell you about one of those problems.
A National Alliance member We recruit people from all walks of life but are especially interested In successful people.
Images
Dr. William Pierce

Music of Rebellion
Dr. William Pierce



The Evil Among Us
Dr. William Pierce
I iiilill


.
Dr. wi

Pierce

	

In our recruiting efforts we usually find it easier to recruit people at the bottom of the socio-economic ladder than at the top. A man who used to work in a chicken-plucking plant and has just been replaced by a Mexican willing to work for half as much is fairly easy to recruit. He feels personally injured by the government’s immigration policies. He has lost his employment and is concerned about his future. He understands that we really do have a problem in America which needs fixing.
And we do recruit some unemployed White chicken-pluckers, but not as many as you’d think. For one thing we don’t direct our recruiting effort primarily toward chicken-pluck-ers. We try much harder to recruit teachers and engineers and successful businessmen, because they have the skills and the character traits we need to do our work successfully. Furthermore, they already wield much more influence than the average chicken-
2
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
Many Whites feel not obeying the principle of noblesse oblige towards non-Whites makes them seem small-minded and low-class
plucker, and we need all the influence we can get.
Another factor which keeps the percentage of chicken-pluckers fairly low among the members of the National Alliance is that many chicken-pluckers don’t have as much inclination to be concerned about long-range problems as the better educated and more successful members of our society do.
We aren’t able to offer the unemployed chicken-plucker an opportunity to get his job back any time soon, and that’s his main concern; we’re only able to give him an opportunity to work for the long-term interests of his people.
And for these reasons we have many more teachers and engineers than unemployed chicken-pluckers among our members — but the unfortunate fact is that we have far fewer than we need. Considering the crisis situation our people are feeing, you’d think that all of the best and the brightest would be rushing to join the National Alliance, but we find that only a minority of the most intelligent and successful White Americans are responsive to our recruiting efforts. Why is that7 k Well, certainly, part of the prob-| lem is moral corruption. Being smart f and successful doesn't automatically make our people responsible or altruistic. Many of them are concerned only about themselves. As long as the present system is feeding them well, they don’t care about anything else. But there’s more to it than moral cor-" ruption. Part of our recruiting problem is that even many very bright people are not as rational as we’d hope. Their thinking is limited by certain psychological obstacles.
For example, one of the pieces of recruiting material we’ve distributed most widely is a little three-inch by five-inch card which has the simple message:
Earth's most endangered species — the White race: help preserve it.
Many people have responded favorably to this message, but many more haven’t, because they can’t think of our race as being endangered. They think to themselves, “We don’t need preserving. We’ve always
been able to take care of ourselves. We’re the most powerful race on earth. We have more wealth and power and prestige than any other race, by far. We are a favored race, a privileged race. We’re on top. In America we’re the majority race. The richest man in America is White. Most of the big corporation executives are White. Most members of the Congress are White. All of our Presidents have been White. So why are you raising the alarm about the need for us to preserve the White race? We don’t need to be concerned about that. It’s not a real danger.
Actually, it’s not so much that they think that; it’s that they feel that. As I said, the problem is more psychological than intellectual. White people — White Americans, in particular — have developed a certain habit of thought, a certain psychological attitude based, I believe, in a long tradition of excessive comfort and luxury. They have the feeling that for White people to be concerned today about the growing power of non-White minorities is a bit like a Southern plantation owner 200 years ago being concerned that his Black field slaves were getting too much to eat A plantation owner should not be so stingy. Raising the alarm about non-Whites flooding across our borders today is like White railroad workers 125 years ago complaining about the railroad bosses importing Chinese
coolies to take their jobs because the coolies would work for less. It seems to middle-class Whites today such a petty thing. It’s unworthy of us to complain, undignified. We are the bosses, the owners, the lords of the manor. It lowers our status to begrudge non-Whites a better life. It makes us seem less powerful, less lordly — it makes us seem weak and timid — to express concern about the threat posed by non-Whites. Aristocrats don’t have such concerns; just peasants do. I have a suspicion that many French aristocrats had a similar attitude in 1788 or thereabouts. The rabble want bread? We don’t begrudge them their bread; let them eat cake!
That’s certainly not a perfect analogy. We aren’t concerned primarily about a violent revolution or a violent political uprising by Blacks or Mexicans. Actually, we would welcome that. It would snap middle-class Whites out of their “let them eat cake” attitude. We’re concerned about the long-range effects of having non-Whites on our turf. We’re concerned much more about the effects they’re having on our culture and our morality than the effect they’re having on the crime statistics and the employment opportunities for White chicken-pluckers. What we’re most concerned about is the effect non-Whites will have on our genes. We don’t want them breeding with us. But again, to many middle-class Whites such a concern is infra dig. Their attitude is based more on a fear of losing status than it is on whacky liberal notions about equality.
And as I said, this comes in part from the idea that truly superior people don’t need to be afraid of people of lower status; that we should, in fact, be especially benevolent to our lessers: the old idea of noblesse oblige. But there’s more to it. The Jews have used their control of the media to create certain images in the public mind, and one of their most effective creations is the image of the White racist. He is portrayed as a Neanderthal whose knuckles drag on the ground, a violent and hateful person who lives in a trailer with a yard full of derelict cars, has no education, does only
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
3
manual labor, and hates Blacks because that makes him feel better about himself. We’ve all seen a thousand editorial cartoons por-traying White racists just that way.
And, as in many lies, there is a bit of half-truth mixed in there.
It is the White chicken-pluckers who are most seriously impacted by Blacks, Mexicans, and other non-Whites. The CPAs and engineers are above it all at the moment — it hasn’t caught up with them yet, though it soon will — but the White chicken-plucker is out of a job now, and he’s angry about it. It’s the unskilled working-class White who is most immediately threatened, both economically and socially, when the government pushes Affirmative Action programs and forced housing programs and opens our borders to the Third World.
Back in the 1960s and 1970s, during the most violent phase of the socalled “civil rights” demonstrations, the TV news cameras always focused on the unshaven, pot-bellied White guy in a dirty undershirt with a cigarette dangling from his mouth, his face contorted in anger, standing on the sidewalk and screaming obscenities at the Blacks marching in the street. This was the White chicken-plucker who had just lost his job. He was a real person, even though people in his situation made up only a small minority of those opposed to the forced racial mixing of America in the 1960s and 1970s. The point is that he was a lowclass person, a low-status person, and the media chose him as their White racist poster boy. He was the one the cameras always zoomed in on. They crafted their image of the White racist consciously and deliberately, and it worked. This image — the image of the angry, unemployed White chicken-plucker standing on the sidewalk and screaming obscenities at Black demonstrators — has been pounded into the public consciousness, and it’s a low-class image. Middle-class Whites are frightened to death of being viewed as part of this image. It would be a sure loss of status.
When Bill Gates gives hundreds of millions of dollars to various Black causes, he may be motivated in part by the calculation that he will curry favor with the Clinton government,
The media’s favorite caricature of interracial relationships: evil Whites attack innocent Black. This photo is of a race riot in Chicago in 1919.
The media portrayed “civil rights” demonstrations by Blacks very sympathetically, as shown in this photo from 1960.
with the Jews in the Department of Justice who are trying to dis-mande his company, and with the Jews in the media. I happen to believe that’s a mistaken calculation on his part. I believe that they will continue their effort to break up Microsoft and clip Bill Gates’ wings. But the relevant point here is that Gates can give as much money as he wants to specifically Black causes — even to something as utterly wrongheaded as a project to reduce the Black death rate in Africa by vaccinating Black infants — without any loss of status. If, however, he were to give any money at all to a specifically White cause — for example to a project to raise White racial consciousness in order to reduce the rate of interracial marriage — he definitely would lose status. Not only would any specifically White effort be seen by many of his peers as a violation of noblesse oblige, but the media Jews would paint him into the same frame with the angry, unemployed White chicken-plucker. They would use their image of the White racist against him.
So how should we deal with this? Well, one thing we certainly will do is continue our educational effort. We will continue to reach out to all of our people, rich and poor, middle-class and working-class. We’ll continue to keep them aware of the destructive policies of the Clintionistas and the media bosses. We’ll continue to raise the alarm about the immigration disaster, about the growing rate of miscegenation, about the darkening of America, about the deliberate subversion of our morality and our culture. We’ll continue to try to make everyone think about these things, to be concerned about them, and to accept responsibility for the future of our people.
And a growing minority of our people will continue to respond to us. But as long as our outreach is limited to an essentially intellectual message — as long as we are asking people to respond to facts and ideas — we can expect a positive response only from a minority. To move the majority we need to be able to craft and use emotional images the way the Jewish media bosses do. We need to be able to make people feel — not just to understand, but also to feel — that the low-class thing is to continue to
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
A woman from Malaysia and two women of the Ndeble tribe from South Africa attend the United Nations conference on women’s rights. If feminists are really concerned about the welfare of women, why do they seek guidance from the Third World?
ignore what the government and the media are doing to our people, that the low-class thing is to continue to shirk responsibility for the future of our people.
Crafting and using emotional images is much easier when you have Hollywood or a major television network at your disposal. We haven’t gotten to that point yet but we’re working on it And there’s certainly no shortage of opportunities waiting for us. For example, the murders of White people in Rhodesia continue, and the murders are being committed now in the cities as well as on the farms and in the rural areas. On Wednesday of last week a gang of Black supporters of dictator Robert Mugabe attacked a White man on a busy street comer in Bulawayo, Rhodesia’s second largest city. While bystanders watched without attempting to interfere, the Blacks beat, kicked, and strangled the White man. When he was dead they danced around his body, and one of them made a call on a cell phone and boasted that they had just killed another White. Incidents of this sort — the killing of Whites by Black mobs, the trashing and burning of White farmhouses, the torture and killing of the pets of White form families — all of these horrible things have been filmed by news crews, because the Blacks are quite proud of what they’re doing and are happy to be on film. These films are full of dynamite images: much more emotional stuff
than some low-class White guy in a dirty undershirt being used as a negative status symbol for White racists. Let me give saturation TV coverage to these images from Rhodesia on all of the networks here for a few months, and I could put a substantial crimp in the miscegenation rate here.
Here’s another example: the commerce in White sex slaves is booming, and the Jewish control of this commerce is more open than ever. I’ve spoken on my broadcasts about the White slave trade, and there was even a brief report on ABC television a couple of years ago. The television report even had interviews with some of the Jewish slave traders in Israel. There was no attempt by ABC to use images that would make Jews look bad, of course, but the potential certainly is there. After this ABC report the Israelis decided to try to clean up their act by oudawing the buying and selling of slaves in Israel. It was embarrassing to the Jews to have it publicized that the slave trade is protected by law in Israel. Well, the Jews still haven’t oudawed the White slave trade in Israel, but they’re debating the matter in the Knesset, in the Israeli legislature, now. The fact of the matter is that there’s so much money being made by the Jews in kidnapping young Gentile girls from Ukraine and Russia and Poland and forcing them to become sex slaves in Israel that they are reluctant to put any crimp in their business. And the White slave trade has a very long history among
the Jews, going back more than 2,000 years. So at the moment it’s still legal in Israel to buy and sell slaves - as long as they’re not Jews.
Instead of cleaning this up, the Jews are simply trying to cover it up. There was a big international women’s rights conference going on in New York, at Columbia University, this week. The conference addressed itself to such problems as wife-burning in India, genital mutilation of women in Africa, and violence against women elsewhere. I saw the news coverage of this conference on three channels, and none of them mentioned the Jewish slave trade in women from eastern Europe. None of them mentioned the buying and selling of kidnapped women in Israel. None of them mentioned the flourishing business in forced prostitution carried on by Jewish organized-crime gangs from the former Soviet Union. Instead they pointed to three countries they accused of being against women’s rights. Those countries were Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Vatican. So what do you think? Is the Vatican really more hostile to the protection of women than Israel? Does the College of Cardinals try to justify the White slave trade the way the Knesset does? I think not, but you’d never guess that from watching this week’s news coverage of the women’s rights conference, in which the Vatican was named as an enemy of women’s rights and Israel wasn’t mentioned.
If you’d like to see some emotional images, let me direct a few filmed interviews with some of these White sex slaves who’ve been kidnapped from a village in eastern Europe, taken to Israel, and forced into prostitution. Some of them are beautiful, young girls still in their teens. Let me do a few interviews with these teenagers choking back tears as they describe what has happened to them: the rapes and the beatings and the Israeli police laughing at them when they sought help. Let me do a few interviews with their Jewish owners and exploiters. Many of these Jews aren’t even embarrassed: “Veil, it’s a business. Ve are businessmen. Vot do you expect, already?” Let me craft a few images from these interviews and saturate the television screens of America with these images for a while, and I’U guarantee you that not
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
5
only will the billions of dollars going to Israel every year from the U.S. Treasury come to a halt, but the FBI suddenly will discover the Jewish organized crime gangs in the United States, which during the past decade have become more powerful and dangerous than the Mafia ever was. The FBI suddenly will decide that it no longer has to pretend that these Jewish organized crime gangs aren’t really a problem. The FBI will decide that half of these Jewish crime bosses being so-called “Holocaust” survivors is not really an excuse to let them continue to get away with murder.
So here’s the point: whoever is able to control the images presented to the public — whoever is able to design and craft these emotional images that appeal to basic instincts and then is able to hold the images up to public view — whoever is able to
do that can control the public's attitudes — and the way the public votes. In any country that’s a lot of power. In a democracy such as the United States it amounts to virtually total control. And unfortunately it’s largely hidden control, behind-the-scenes control. That’s why you hear me keep coming back to the subject of Jewish media control in America.
That’s why you hear me say over and over again that we must break this Jewish media control. That’s why all of my efforts and the efforts of my organization, the National Alliance, have gone into building a multimedia machine for reaching the American public with an independent voice. And that’s why the most powerful Jewish pressure group in America, the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith, held a big press conference this week and once again declared me
the most dangerous man in America. I am dangerous to them because I am telling you and many thousands of other Americans about the simple but very important things we talked about today and that we talk about every week.
And listen! You also can be dangerous to these enemies of our people. Just talk with your friends and neighbors about the things I talk about with you. Let’s all try to be as dangerous as we can.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Images,” aired on June 10, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Music of Rebellion
Last year I got into the business of producing and distributing music. I had a couple of reasons for doing so. A general reason is that I want to continue to build my capability for communicating with the public through every medium that can be used effectively for that purpose, and music can be a very effective medium. A specific reason is that I wanted a medium for communicating with alienated young Americans who listen to a type of music known as “resistance music.” These young Americans have grown up in multiculturalized America. They’ve been weaned on Jewish television programming. They’ve gone to racially mixed schools and been lied to by Politically Correct teachers about how everyone is “equal,” about how we must all learn to get along with one another, that more and more “diversity” and multiculturalism are the irresistible wave of the future, and that no normal person should want to resist this wave anyway because it’s good and, oh, so wonderful! The music these kids have heard while growing up has been very heavy on rock, and the media bosses are now phasing them into rap.
Instead of adapting to multiculturalism like good, little lemmings should, however, these young people
have rebelled. The multicultural planners, the media bosses, have succeeded in alienating them, in cutting them loose from their roots, but the media bosses have not succeeded in making them like being uprooted; the
Tho Pro * White Altotnotlve
P.0. BOX €7 - HILLSBORO - WV 24-94-6
I Main Pan*' I Munit	|	Mui»r	of	rv*,r t.vt n I fJiiWs • Ip/lat..■. i '*oc<*iet f I
I P«9i*Urict NUpajirt* I Nov '•Uijt’f | P#fi*.lbJlcr I LiriM- P49P J I OK'tfclNu INFORMATION I
RESISTANCE MAGAZINE	MUSIC OP THE WHITE	RESISTANCE
t. W ■■\>w	0* KfMU A n< r
to jhof	.hin*	I*>P|	'	W KOKOV.	ttM|	»	41.4
.*/	v	.1 ■ "U«	t	Vi	».»♦*'.f wn f-i-MK.ir. !'•<* -f*iM f*i<i
V '	0*l!«t* (i'k' -f <• tX*	-I'	d	I	«/••'	vnl«i
,V ■	•	O.v	b-	Kvs.i**	k'.i	»>	•
tiffttcniMNOwi	r.wKm	»«»«	mm
i”t9H44f I'lN V* K"l
I M nit | Mu'.fi	| M(.i 1. .1 Pi - .I'.ljni i' | Ur a- iipd ii- I ( unl.i. I P «ju I
I 6p<i*t4r>c*	I	-stuff I FJJ.vf | 1 ml', f vflt' I
I OFC'GRIN’i INFORMATION |
P*f»vi iM C m SlSTANf.f HI CORDS All imMk *4 p 0 #».V W HlLlvBWO V/v JVfih
i'lA4t| I' -I (.»*•'
The Resistance web site: www.resistance.com
Jews in Hollywood and New York have not succeeded in making the kids like or accept multiculturalism. The kids have rebelled in various ways that the planners of America’s destruction simply didn’t count on.
The healthiest elements among these young people have responded to their tribal instinct and have sought to reestablish their racial roots in one way or another. Resistance music has played an important role in this quest for roots and community and meaning. Some of the music expresses very explicit defiance of those who have attempted to force the kids into a multicultural life-style. It expresses anger against the government. It expresses resentment against the Jewish planners behind the government’s multicultural programs. It expresses hostility against non-Whites and against everyone who is allied to the non-Whites; it is fighting music. All of this music that expresses anger and resentment and rebelliousness is properly called “resistance” music, and most — though not all — of it belongs to the “rock” genre.
Back in the mid-1950s the Jews began inaugurating many of their programs to multiculturalize America. One of these programs involved moving young Whites away from traditionally White musical forms and
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
6
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
replacing these White musical forms with Black music. The most notable aspect of this program was the use oi singer Elvis Presley to popularize rock* n’ roll among young White people. Before Elvis, rock *n' roll was essentially a Black musical form, with Black roots, Black performers, and Black listeners. With their control of the popular-music industry and broadcasting, the Jews were successful in their effort to drag rock ’n’ roll across the color line, just as they are succeeding now in popularizing another Black musical form — rap — among young Whites.
The Jews were so successful in popularizing rock among young Whites, in fact, that the kids eventually began to think of it as their music: as White music. Then young White musicians turned the tables on the Jews by writing their own rock lyrics, and their lyrics were rebellious lyrics, angry lyrics, defiant lyrics, lyrics which told the Jews, in effect, to go to hell, that young Whites would not permit the Jews any longer to force Whites to muldculturalize. The Jews responded by labeling the music with these defiant lyrics “hate music.”
Despite the label, and despite the efforts of the Jews to suppress it by denying it access to the mass media, resistance music continued to attract new fans among young Whites. And the music evolved. The genre broadened. Resistance lyrics were written for some country music. My com-|| pany, Resistance Records, sells this I country music under the label W "Johnny Rebel.” Resistance music also incorporated other music from the past which had nothing to do with rock. Resistance Records, for example, also sells march music and other patriotic music from the very racially conscious Third Reich. On the Internet you can see a listing of all of the resistance music 1 distribute at resistance.com.
And all of this music, whether rock or country or German march music, is denounced by the mass media as "hate music” so long as it shows any trace of racial consciousness or resistance to multiculturalism. But as I said a moment ago it was the healthiest elements among our young people who gave expression to their tribal feeling in their music. Others have expressed their alienation in dif-
Elvis Presley with the early promoters of Rock music, Mike Stoller and Jerry Leiber.
ferent ways — in less healthy ways. Some have rebelled against the unnatural environment of multiculturalism without really understanding fully what they are rebelling against. Instead of having a positive alternative to the Jews’ programs, they have simply rejected everything — or at least, everything traditional. They have become nihilists.
Some have turned to Satanism as a way of expressing their anger against the traditional world they feel has let them down, a multicultural world in which they feel they have no place. Their music is full of Satanic imagery and mumbo-jumbo. There are pentagrams and goat’s heads and cabalistic characters from the Hebrew alphabet in the graphics accompanying their music. Satanism is almost a parody of traditional Judaeo-Christianity, with chanting and rituals and priesdy hocus-pocus and so on.
Satanic music should not be mistaken for pagan music. Pagan music is much more serious music, and its purpose is not so much to express resentment against Christianity as it is to give expression to the healthy religious feelings of pre-Christian Europe and to express an awareness of blood and soil and very deep racial roots. It is not nihilistic, and it really belongs with the other positive forms of resistance music: that is, with what the Jews denounce as "hate music.”
The nihilistic music, on the other hand, is fine with the Jews. They would prefer, I believe, for everyone to be a good, litde multicultural lemming, but if one must rebel against that, then the rebellion should take a
nihilistic form. And of course, Satanism isn’t the only form of nihilism. For example, there’s a whole category of rock music which is called “Death Metal,” and let me tell you, it is very sick stuff. It is totally hedonistic, like Satanic music — you know, every-thing goes; if it feels good do it; you have no responsibility to anyone or anything but yourself; nothing is sacred; nothing is worthy of respect; nothing matters but your own personal pleasure. But Death Metal goes beyond hedonism: far beyond it. It is music that glories in perversity, music that seeks to defile, music that exalts sickness and unnaturalness and pain and decay and destruction and death. Its lyrics deal with cannibalism, with necrophilia, with bestiality, and with every other perversion imaginable. Torture and mutilation are very common themes. It’s morbid, twisted stuff.
The concerts put on by these nihilist musical groups are quite extreme. They may involve people urinating or defecating on each other on stage. Sexual intercourse of various types may take place in the background. And real or simulated genital torture and mutilation may be part of the show. I know a fellow who plays in a rock band called “Genitorturers.” And that’s what they do: genital torture, live and on stage.
Now, you might wonder why I’m telling you about these things. First, I want you to know that I don’t distribute such music and have no intention of doing so. Everything produced or distributed by my company, Resistance Records, is positive, healthy, racially oriented resistance music: what the Jews call “hate music.” If the Jews hate it, I produce it and distribute it; if the Jews like it, I have nothing to do with it. But I do have two interests in nihilist music. My first interest is why this sick music, this Satanic and Death Metal music, is increasingly popular among young White people in America and in Europe. Why is it attractive to so many young people? I have some ideas about that, and I’ll share them with you in a moment.
My second interest in this sick music is the Jewish connection. I mentioned that I know a fellow who plays in a Death Metal band. He sent
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
7
The Jews don’t mind sick music like this...
me a CD he had produced, complete with Satanist symbols in the accompanying graphics for the jewel case. I was surprised to note that the CD had a Time Warner copyright. Marilyn Manson is probably the best-known performer in the Satanist music genre. His records are distributed by Interscope, which is a property of Universal Studios, which is owned by Jewish liquor-and-media billionaire Edgar Bronfman, Jr. One obvious reason the Jews produce and promote and distribute this sick music is simply greed. They pay to have it produced, they put their labels on it, and they sell it in their big record stores in New York and Los Angeles and San Francisco because they make money on it. An appallingly large number of White teenagers are attracted to the stuff.
Well, greed is just one reason. It is not surprising that where there is a market for something, the Jews will come crowding in and elbow everyone else aside in their eagerness to grab the profit for themselves. But why not try to make money from real resistance music also? There’s a big, largely undeveloped market for that music too. Why do they leave that market to me and focus their own efforts on the necrophilia and Satanism and genital torture? They never permit any real resistance music to be sold in the big record stores where they sell their sick music.
You see, both resistance music and nihilist music, Death Metal music, are in a sense rebel music, music which expresses a rejection of
what we might call the “mainstream” world. Resistance music fans reject the mainstream world because it has been multiculturalized, because it no longer is a White world, and they want to make it White again. Death Metal fans reject the mainstream world simply because they have become alienated and no longer have an attachment to anything but themselves. The Jews attempt to suppress the former music and promote die latter. And that fits right in with the general Jewish tendency: always promote that which is destructive and destroy that which is healthy.
And if you doubt that Death Metal music is really destructive, then you just haven't been exposed to it. You’ve led too sheltered a life to understand how much really nasty stuff is out there. Go to a Death Metal concert sometime. Read the lyrics to a few Death Metal songs. In fact, listen; I’ll read to you a few lines from one of the more popular Satanist bands, Deicide. This is from a Deicide song called “Sacrificial Suicide”:
Lust into reality
Satan angel of the black abyss,
Satan lord I hail
Insane blasphemous — Satan
Sacrificial suicide.
Ritual to end my life
Behemoth incess my fate — Satan
Damned to tell, end of my life
Wrath of God — Satan
Sin my soul, blesses with fire
Throne of stone — Satan
I must die, in my wake
Seventh gate — Satan
Suicide, end my life
I must die — Satan
Suicide sacrifice, thrust of evil deep inside
Lucifer never lies, take away thee mortal life
Demigod, Satan son, commend to body to the ground
Father Satan, I'll find peace when I am God.
Well, of course, much of that is simply gibberish and non-words, but the flavor is quite clear. The Jews understandably are a little shy about publicizing their involvement in this stuff where middle-class parents might find out about it and become alarmed. They’d just as soon you not
... or Satanic music like this
ponder too much on the involvement of Time Warner's boss Gerald Levin or Universal Studios boss Edgar Bronfman in the production and promotion of Satanic music. But they’re certainly not shy about rubbing your kids’ noses in it. The Jews peddle this filth to confused White teenagers as shamelessly as any Black crack dealer selling his poisonous wares on a school playground.
I want to stress this point: the people promoting this filth are not just sleazy, marginal Jews in trench-coats fresh off the boat from Russia. They are filthy-rich, billionaire Jewish media bosses, respectable Jews, the leaders of the Jewish community, Jews who own Hollywood film studios and arrive in long limousines at the White House for state dinners and have every politician in the Congress in their pockets. They are the Jews behind the multiculturalizing of America, the Jews who planned forced racial integration and open borders and Affirmative Action. They are the Jews whose programs have uprooted and alienated millions of young, White Americans. They are the Jews who, in response to the alienation and anger they themselves have caused, now sell Satanic and Death Metal music to American teenagers. That’s an example of what they proudly call chutzpah.
And now the other question: why do any White kids tolerate this filth? Why is there a market for it? Why do 15-year-old White boys and girls from good families listen to lyrics with very explicit descriptions of sex with
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
Black music and Black culture remain what the media prefer to push on White youth
corpses? Why do they pay to go to concerts where they watch a woman on stage having her genitalia sewed shut with a needle and thread, to the screeching and thumping accompaniment of a rock band?
Part of the answer is obvious. Kids will do anything — and I mean absolutely anything — which is fashionable. They will put safety pins through their nipples or studs through their tongues without having a clue as to what it’s all about, except that other kids in their peer group are doing the same thing. If the Jewish media bosses promote it, a substantial portion of the kids will do it without a second thought And really, Death Metal is no worse than the rap music that the Jews also are promoting among young Whites. The young White lemmings, who are more or less acclimated to multiculturalism, go for the rap. Alienated young Whites without a clue tend toward the Death Metal. One advantage the latter music has is that it will shock their parents, even liberal parents, whereas liberal parents hardly can be shocked by rap without running the risk of seeming to be racists.
There’s more than cluelessness and a desire to shock parents involved in the growing popularity of Death Metal, however. The music
reflects a growing morbidity in the oudook of young White people. The growing suicide rate among young Whites also reflects this. Alienation is not a normal, healthy condition. When a large number of young people are uprooted and no longer have a clear sense of identity or a clear sense of belonging to a natural community, to a racial community, one should not be surprised at the development of various pathologies, such as hedonism and the fascination with death.
One also should not be surprised at the various forms of destructive behavior — especially self-destructive behavior — which are becoming much more common among young White people.
One should not make the mistake of blaming bad behavior on the music, however. The kids who listen to this music already had problems. The music is a symptom of their pathology, not the cause of it. The Jews have destroyed their world, have cut them off from their roots, and that is what the kids are reacting badly to, not the music. When a kid who listens to Satanic or Death Metal music carves up a neighbor’s pet — or his own little sister — in some sort of Satanic ritual, the music didn’t make him do it; the Jewish media bosses
and the politicians in the government who destroyed his world with their multicultural programs made him do it. And exacdy the same thing can be said about White teenagers who plan and carry out massacres at their schools. The Columbine High School killers were Marilyn Manson fans, but Marilyn Manson didn’t make them slaughter 13 people. Edgar Bronfman, Jr., who sells Marilyn Manson’s music, made them do it: Edgar Bronfman, Jr., and his fellow filthy-rich Jews, who consciously and deliberately, with malice aforethought, planned the destruction of the White world we used to have in America, where White teenagers could grow up with roots in a healthy and natural way.
Perhaps you can understand now why I thought it worthwhile to talk with you about the rather distasteful subject of Satanic and Death Metal music. It’s not an obscure, underground little phenomenon. It’s big business for the Jews who are pushing it. Time Warner and Universal Studios don’t waste their time with little, underground phenomena. And it is about as clear and unambiguous an indicator as you can find of what is happening to our people, of the sickness that is overtaking us. I want to rub your noses in it. I want you to smell the stink of death that is in it. And I want you to understand who is behind it and why they’re behind it.
You know, there are a lot of mainstream Christian preachers who have railed against Satanic music from time to time, but not one of them has breathed a word about the Jewish connection. Oh, my goodness, no! That would be anti-Semitic! They would have you believe that this sickness just sprang up of its own accord, out of nowhere, for no good reason. And of course, if you approach it that way, it just doesn’t make sense. It doesn’t seem real. You have to understand the Jewish connection before you can take this sickness seriously.
I’m telling you that you’d better take it seriously. I’m telling you that you’d better understand what it’s all about and how it fits in with everything else that is happening these days.
And I want to give you some positive news too. The number of people
© 2000 * National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
9
who listen to real resistance music — the positive, healthy kind of resistance music that I produce and distribute — the kind the Jews call “hate music,” is growing fast. One of these days soon there will be enough of us to make some changes in this world. And by God, when that day comes we’re going to have very litde patience with
the soft, pampered middle-class folks who didn’t pay attention to what was happening because they were too busy at the shopping mall or too busy watching the ball game or too afraid of being labeled “haters” by the Jews and their allies. The anger is building, the rage is building, and it’s going to break loose.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Music of Rebellion,” aired on June 17, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
The Evil Among Us
Today I have some new information I want to share with you. It is information on a subject I’ve discussed with you more than once in the past: namely, the Jewish trade in White female slaves. The reason this new information is noteworthy is that it comes direcdy from the horse’s mouth, so to speak. It is from the June 16 issue of the Jerusalem Post — actually, the Saturday supplement to the Jerusalem Post. In Israel, of course, they have Saturday supplements instead of Sunday supplements. The Jerusalem Post's documentary article on Israel’s trade in White slaves, published just two weeks ago, is astound-ingly frank and straightforward, and in today’s broadcast I will read to you direcdy from the article.
You know, one of the biggest problems facing me or anyone else trying to inform the public in a way that contradicts the party line propagated by the television networks is credibility. I tell the average citizen something like, “In Israel it is legal to buy and sell slaves, as long as they aren’t Jews. The slave trade is big business in Israel, and it’s legal.” The average citizen’s response to this statement is: “I don’t believe it That can’t be true. Everyone knows that Jews are liberals and are big supporters of human rights. They would never tolerate such a thing as the buying and selling of human beings in their own country. Don’t you ever watch television? If you did, you’d know that Jews just aren’t like that” That reminds me of the refrain from a hymn I used to sing in Sunday school when I was a child. It went something like: “This I know, for the Bible tells me so.” Today, of course, television has replaced the Bible as the source of all truth for the great mass of people — certainly for everyone who is incapa-
ble of looking at the world around him and reaching his own conclusions based on the evidence.
Actually, I believe that no amount of evidence will change the mind of a true believer in the TV religion, any more than it will change the mind of a Bible-believer. Get yourself a copy of the Jerusalem Post — and it’s available in the New York Public Library and in a number of other larger libraries around the country — and show it to a true believer, and he’ll still tell you that he doesn’t believe it. He’ll tell you it’s a forgery. It can’t be true, because it doesn’t agree with what he’s seen and heard from television.
Anyway, here goes. I quote from the June 16 issue of the Jerusalem Post:
Every year hundreds of women, and an unknown number of girls under the age of 18, are bought, sold, drugged, imprisoned, and forced to work as prostitutes in Israel's thriving sex industry. In countries such as Russia, Ukraine, Latvia, and Hun-ary, traffickers prey on desperate women, adng poverty, the women are lured to Israel with the promise that they will make fabulous salaries working as teachers or caregivers.
Here, I will interject two comments of my own. First, the reason that so many young women in eastern Europe are feeing poverty and are desperate is that the countries in which they live were bled dry by half a century of Jewish communism. In the case of Russia and Ukraine, of course, it was nearly three-quarters of a century. In the case of Hungary and Latvia it was the United States government which turned these formerly free countries over to the communists at the end of the Second World War to do with as they pleased.
Do you remember what started the Second World War? Initially it was just a territorial dispute between Germany and Poland. The Germans wanted back the German territory
which had been taken away from Germany and given to Poland at the end of the First World War. But when the Germans, under Hider, began taking back that territory, in September 1939, Britain and France declared war on Germany, ostensibly to protect the freedom of Poland. The Germans had done nothing against Britain and France and wanted very much to remain at peace with those countries, but the politicians of Britain and France had other considerations.
The fact that the Soviet Union also invaded Poland in September 1939 was all right with Britain and France. They didn’t declare war on the Soviet Union, because the Soviet Union was for all practical purposes under Jewish rule. They did declare war on Germany, because Germany, under Hider, had broken loose from the grip of the Jews, had freed the German media and German education and German finance and German politics and German culture from Jewish influence, and was in the process of kicking all of the Jews out of Germany. That was die reason for the Second World War, not Polish freedom or Polish territorial integrity. That was the reason why, when in April 1943 the German Army discovered the mass graves of some of the 25,000 Polish officers and intellectuals murdered by Jewish communists and invited the International Red Cross and journalists from many nations to view the evidence, the controlled media in Britain and the United States ignored the evidence and blamed the atrocity on the Germans. That was the reason why, at the end of the war, those countries that had gone to war ostensibly to insure the freedom of Poland agreed to turn Poland and Latvia and Hungary and the rest of eastern Europe
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro.• WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
national entitled ‘The Trafficking of Women to Israel,’ the country is rap-idly becoming a major destination for sex trafficking and slavery.”
Now, I should tell you that I am skipping around in this long article and reading you just bits and pieces. It is full of heart-rending stories about individual female slaves, and there’s not time to read all of them to you. One of the stories is about Anna, a 31-year-old unemployed physics teacher from St. Petersburg. She was lured to Israel by a Jew who promised her good working conditions and $1000 a month, which was 20 times what her salary had been in Russia. Now I’ll read to you exacdy what the Jerusalem Post says about Anna:
“Anna arrived here in October 1998 on a tourist visa. She was met at the airport and taken to an apartment and locked up with six other women .
. . [from eastern Europe]. She was auctioned twice and finally bought for $10,000. Taken to Haifa, she was held in captivity with two other women. The apartment in which she lived had bars on the windows.” Et cetera. The article goes on to say that the Jew who had bought Anna repeatedly reminded her that he knew where her family lived in St. Petersburg, and that he would harm them if she escaped or failed to obey his orders. Anna was not able to escape, but she finally was deported back to Russia by Israeli immigration authorities because her tourist visa had expired. Her former “owner” remains at liberty, and Anna remains in terror that he will one day show up again at her residence in St. Petersburg.
Then there is the story of a young woman from Belarus — from White Russia. Again I read the exact words of the Jerusalem Post:
“Tatiana (not her real name) had been promised a job working as a cleaner in a hotel in Eilat. She was told the job would pay enough to support her mother and six-year-old son. In Eilat a man pretending to be from the hotel where she thought she was going to be employed took her to a brothel, where she was forced to work as a prostitute. She was told that she would have to repay her ‘sale price’ and travel costs. She tried unsuccessfully to escape and was finally freed after a police raid. She was held in Neveh Tirza. Three days after her arrest Tatiana found an anonymous
note on her prison bunk threatening to kill her and punish her family if she spoke out about what had happened to her. She petitioned the chief of police but was told that the Israel Police cannot guarantee anyone’s safety abroad. She testified in June 1999 and was deported later that month. . . . Her fate is not known. A police spokesman refused to comment on the case.” End of Tatiana’s story.
Now, listen very carefully, because we are getting to the real meat of this article. I will read you exacdy what the Jerusalem Post says about the role of the Israeli government and Israeli law in this horrifying business:
In Israel prostitution is not illegal. Nor is there legislation against trafficking or slavery, though there is a law forbidding taking people out of the country by force. Police officials complain that in the absence of legislation their options are limited....
Now I’m skipping to another paragraph:
According to the statistics provided by the Israel Police, in 1997 between 500 and 600 police files were opened under Article 10 of the penal code, which covers prostitution and obscenity offenses. An unknown additional number of cases against traffickers and pimps were also opened under other sections of the penal code, for crimes such as assault, kidnapping, and unlawful possession of passports. And though the police have opened more than 1,100 files during the past three years, only 126 cases against men involved in trafficking have actually been brought to court. During the same period more than 1,200 women were deported from Israel. According to sociologist Esther Herzog, director of Shin — "The Movement for Equal Representation for Women" — in 1999 the police arrested more than 400 women but only 28 pimps. And even these minuscule numbers, she says, are probably inflated. Since there is no law here against trafficking in human beings or slave trading, it is impossible to know how many of the above cases were related to trafficking, and how many were connected to prostitution-related offenses, such as pimping or operating a brothel.
I hope that you absorbed what I just read: There is no law in Israel against trafficking in human beings or slave trading — and consequendy there is a flourishing trade in White slaves in Israel today. I didn’t write that, and it’s not from the Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion. It was written by two female Israeli journalists and published two weeks ago in a prominent Jewish newspaper in Jerusalem. You might wonder why such
11
devastating information was published by a Jewish newspaper.
There are a couple of reasons. First, the same feminism which the Jews push so enthusiastically in America has cropped up in Israel too. Jewish women always have resented the greater sexual attractiveness which Gentile women have for Jewish men. After all, there’s not much a Jewess can do about her face or her personality. Too many Jewesses look like Ana Pauker or Madeleine Albright and swear like Madeleine Albright. These Russian and Ukrainian girls being forced into prostitution in Israel not only are better looking, but they are much softer and more feminine than Israeli women. I believe that there is no question but that Israeli Jewesses would like to see them out of Israel. They don’t like the sexual competition, and as organized feminists they have enough muscle to be able to express their views in Israel’s mass media.
That’s one reason this article appeared in the Jerusalem Post. The other reason is that the Jews who publish the Jerusalem Post understand that there’s no real danger that the Jews will be called to account for their slave trafficking. They understand that with their control of the mass media everywhere in the Gentile world, they can say whatever they want among themselves with little risk that the soccer moms or couch potatoes of America will ever hear about it; and if they do happen to hear about it, they won’t believe it; and even if they do believe it they’re too demoralized and spineless to do anything about it.
Want to try an experiment7 Get yourself a xerox copy of the June 16 Jerusalem Post article from a library. If that issue has mysteriously disappeared by the time you get to the library, send me $25 for my time and trouble and I’ll xerox my copy of the article and mail it to you. Take your copy of the article to the editor of your local newspaper. Send a copy to your congressman. Have your kid take it to his high school social studies teacher for class discussion. If you’re a university student enrolled in a class in international relations or ethics or law or any subject relevant to this article, take it to your professor and ask him what he thinks about it.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
I’ll guarantee you: not one of these people will appreciate having this matter brought to his attention. The newspaper editor and the congressman will already know about it, but they won’t want to talk about it. The high school social studies teacher would prefer that your kid bring a case of live hand grenades to class for discussion. And the university professor will have visions of his chances for tenure evaporating if he can’t get you to shut up and go away quickly. And as I said at the beginning of this program, the average lemming will find the whole issue unreal because he didn’t see it on TV. You won’t even be able to embarrass a Jew with it. He’ll just brazenly deny it and accuse you of “anti-Semitism.”
That, unfortunately, is the state of public and private morale in America today. That’s why our civilization is going down the tubes. That’s why Timothy McVeigh blew up the Federal building in Oklahoma City. It was the only way he knew to get peo-
I really do need a secretary. I have a flood of mail coming in every day, and usually I don’t have time to read most of it This week, though, I had a couple of hours to spare, and I read a hundred or so letters before I began this broadcast. If I had a secretary to keep my office organized and help me with my work, I’d read a lot more of my mail. I’d probably even answer some of it. Not only is it polite to read the letters that people have taken the time to write to me, but it’s useful. I learn a lot from my mail. And of course, it makes me feel good to read letters from people who appreciate my broadcasts — especially from people who tell me that they have learned something from listening to my talks, that I have helped them understand what is happening in the world.
I must confess to you, however, that I myself usually learn more from reading my hate mail than I do from reading friendly letters. The most common type of hate letter I receive is from Politically Correa college girls of both sexes. They all have pretty much the same flavor: “Ooooh, my god!
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
pie to look up from their ball games for a minute and pay attention to what’s happening to their world.
So, why do I bother? I bother because between the ball-game fans at one end and the corrupt politicians and corrupt Christian preachers and corrupt newspaper editors at the other end there is an intelligent and responsible two percent or so of the population — a moral two percent — capable of understanding and caring about what the Jews are doing to our world and to our people. And these Russian and Latvian and Hungarian girls lured to Israel and forced into a life of slavery and degradation are our people.
Among the moral two per cent of the U.S. population there are people who care as much as I do about the faa that their government sends billions of dollars a year to prop up a regime which permits beautiful, young White girls to be stripped, raped, beaten, put up on an auction block, and sold to whichever leering,
Basics
How can you be soooo stupid as to believe that skin color makes any difference! Don’t you realize that we’re
in the 21st century now? Your ideas went out of fashion with the Stone Age. I can’t believe that there are still people like you around. You should sell your trailer, get your teeth fixed, and go to school. Maybe you would learn something!”
Well, you may wonder what is useful in reading letters of this sort Actually, they serve primarily as a constant reminder to me that there are many lemmings out there. Some of the lemmings lecture me about the things they have learned in class or from television about race and history and world affairs, and you’d be amazed at some of the things they’ve been taught and actually believe. But that’s useful too. It reminds me that reason plays a negligible role in the belief system of these people, and it does very little good to attempt to use reason in straightening out their thinking. In order to move them we must go beyond reason; we must appeal to their most fundamental primate instincts.
swarthy, hook-nosed kike makes the highest bid. We fight wars to protect that regime from its Arab neighbors. We permit the kinsmen of those who make up that regime to control our mass media of news and entertainment. We condemn the Germans for trying to free themselves from such control.
There are Americans who care about these things as much as I do. And by God, we intend to do something about these things, even if we have to do it Timothy McVeigh’s way. I hope it doesn’t come to that, but we will break the grip of these Jews and their collaborators on our society.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Evil Among Us,” aired on July 1, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Well, when we own a major Hollywood studio or a television network, we can generate the images that appeal to the instincts of the lemmings. Then we can compete with the Jews in the business of manipulating their instinas. For now, while we are limited to words and reason, there's not much point in addressing ourselves to the lemmings. For now, we can speak effectively only to the two per cent or so of the population that is susceptible to reason. And I really am interested in knowing what’s on the minds of this two per cent. I do want to know what the people who are capable of thinking are thinking — and feeling — as our civilization crumbles and our race slips into the abyss of extinction. Because, you know, even though we can’t win any elections with just this two per cent, we can win the war ... if we can get most of them — or even half of them — properly oriented and properly motivated.
So what are the things that are keeping that thinking two per cent from getting their act together? Well, one thing is conservatism. Many peo-
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
13
pie still can’t let go of the notion that we must solve our problems in a civi-lized and orderly way, like ladies and gendemen. Well, you know, we lost that option a long time ago. Really, all you have to do is look around. Go out into the street. Go into any big city supermarket or shopping mall. Look at the people. They are the voters: the 400-pound welfare moms, and the Mexicans and Vietnamese who’ve been here long enough to become citizens, and the beer-bellied baseball and basketball fans — the sort of people one sees on Oprah and the Jerry Springer Show. The ladies and gendemen of America can’t outvote them. We can’t save our people or our civilization by playing according to the old rules. We can’t win by being ladies and gendemen. We have to use our heads, of course, but we also must at least be willing to get down and dirty when necessary. We must be willing to break every old rule and to make new ones.
I remember what it was like living in a world where most people respected the old rules. I remember White neighborhoods, where mothers stayed home and took care of their children, and White schools . . . and even White shopping malls, believe it or not. It was a world in which ladies and gendemen ran things, and it was a much cleaner and more decent world. It had its faults, of course. I found it a litde too stuffy and prudish and restrictive, but it was an infinitely better world for our people than this Clinton-era world. The biggest problem with that civilized, White world of 50 years ago was that even then the rules were way out of date. The rules were no longer able to protect our society from our deadliest enemies, who had found ways around the rules. They were able to infiltrate and subvert every institution of ours.
We clung to meaningless rules — we clung to civility and politeness and table manners and dressing properly and other outward forms — while they corrupted and subverted from within. It was considered rude to point to the corrupters and subverters. We may not have admitted many of the brasher and pushier New York and Hollywood Jews into our society, but we thought it was all right to admit the ones who had learned to dress and talk like us, the ones who had learned our manners and could pre-
A typical voter
tend to be ladies and gentlemen. Our polite and civilized society carried within itself the seeds of its own destruction.
And even today the conservatives cannot let go of it. They are so enamored of its rotted-out hulk that the stink of its decay doesn’t discourage them. But, still — I can remember the time when I too didn’t understand where the stink was coming from, and so I believe that there are some conservatives who still are worth talking with, some who still can learn to let go.
And then there are the liberals — or rather, what I call the “incidental” liberals, in order to distinguish them from the intrinsic liberals. Incidental liberals are people who accept liberal policies only because they don’t understand. They aren’t lemmings, but they have nevertheless let themselves be misinformed to the point that they might as well be lemmings. They’ve simply absorbed what they’ve been taught in school and by the controlled media about all the races being inherendy equal in ability and morality, about differences in individual and group achievement being due entirely to differences in environment and in opportunity, about the only difference between Jews and everyone else being a matter of religion, and so on.
It’s not that they feel a need to believe these things because of some psychological trauma caused by faulty potty training, as is the case with the intrinsic liberals. It’s just that they
never questioned what they were told. Perhaps they grew up in a rural area or a small town which was essentially White and Gentile and so didn’t see the glaring contradictions between reality and what they were taught. Perhaps they just aren’t very perceptive. Perhaps hearing sophomore college girls squeal, “Ooooh, my god! How can you be soooo stupid!” whenever someone violated a taboo of Political Correctness has made them gun shy: they haven’t wanted to risk becoming an object of ridicule themselves.
What folks like this need is a good, big dose of reality. Sometimes moving to a big city will do the job. Sometimes military service will clear up the problem. I’ve had a number of letters from people in the Army who’ve confessed to me that until recendy they had believed much of the television propaganda about racial equality, and it wasn’t until they’d had a chance to experience the wonders of the colored brother up close and had gagged on the experience that they realized they had been lied to and began looking for the truth. But you must remember that these people aren’t real liberals. A real liberal will continue making excuses for Blacks even after going through basic training with them in the Army. A real liberal will flee from the reality of life with Blacks in the big city but even after reaching the safety of a Whiter area will not admit why he fled. Real liberals need more than a dose of reality to straighten out their thinking. They need an experience at least as traumatic as whatever it was that went wrong during their potty training. They’ll get it, but it may come too late to do much good.
And there are the individualists. I’ve spoken about them in earlier broadcasts. They are the folks who believe that they are properly oriented and properly motivated when they are focused entirely on looking out for Number One. You talk to them about the danger America is in, the danger the race is in, and they look at you as if you’re crazy. They’re thinking, “What does that have to do with me?” The brighter individualists are capable of understanding that the mess all of us — including them — are in now is the consequence of too much individualist thinking in the past, of too many people shirking their responsibility for the race. Even so, they look
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • %40/year
14
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
at the situation around them today, and their first thought is, “It’s every man for himself!" Its no wonder that the enemies of our people extol the virtues of individualist thinking and hold out individualist teachers and “philosophers,” such as the Jewess Ayn Rand, for us to follow.
About the only way to get any useful cooperation out of an individualist is to convince him that the danger we all face is so imminent that it really is a matter of hanging together or hanging separately: that the situation is deteriorating so rapidly that he cannot escape the consequences of egalitarianism and multiculturalism and Clintonism run wild by acting entirely on his own. He must be convinced that his own immediate self-interest is tied to the welfare and survival of his people. But that’s becoming an easier proposition all the time. Ten years ago even an intelligent and farsighted individualist might reasonably believe that the deluge wouldn’t come until after his lifetime, and so it was not his concern. Today, finding it hard to get air even standing on tiptoe, he is not so sure that the flood will wait, and he is much more amenable to reason.
So our task is to continue to build understanding and motivation among the thinking portion of our people: to persuade the conservatives to let go by showing them where the stink is coming from, to show them that the corpse they are clinging to really is dead; to educate the incidental liberals by helping them see the facts they have overlooked; to make the individualists understand that individualism just doesn’t make sense at a time when the tide is carrying our boat farther and farther from the safe harbor we all seek, and it is clear that we will only get there if we all row together.
Perhaps I am just an unrealistic optimist to believe that we can do these things. But I myself have been to all of these places I’ve talked about.
I used to be a conservative. And I used to believe that Jews were just like all the rest of us except that they went to a different church; I believed that the reason Blacks behaved badly and had never accomplished much was that they had had a bad break, that they hadn’t had a fair chance. And I even went through an individualist
Christians
phase, when I thought I was so much smarter than everyone else that I could manage by myself; I hadn’t explored my roots yet — I hadn’t understood yet that I am only a very small part of something much bigger and more important than myself.
And because I came through all of these things, all of these errors, I believe that others can too. In fact, I know they can, because I see the proof of it in my mail every day. And I know that these broadcasts are helping them. We just need to do more than we’re doing now: more radio stations, a bigger audience, more effective use of all our media, not just radio, and the development of new media. We need to continue building our communications infrastructure as rapidly as we can. We need to recruit more help for that task, just like I need to recruit a secretary.
We’re getting there. We’re reaching more of our people every day. We just need to move faster, and one of these days we’ll be able to begin having an effect on the lemmings too. Well be able to begin appealing to basic instincts. We'll even have some
of those sophomore college girls changing their tune about what’s stupid and what isn’t.
So let’s reiterate now the basics of what we’re up against, the basic elements of our present predicament. First, we are in the midst of a demographic disaster of unprecedented magnitude. The racial composition of America is changing more rapidly and more profoundly than the population of any major country ever has changed in peacetime. In 1950 the population of the United States was 90 per cent White. Today it is only 70 per cent White. That’s a tripling of the percentage of non-Whites in just 50 years. If present trends continue, in just another 40 years Whites will be less than 50 per cent of the population. We’ll be a minority in our own country. That is a feet that is not even under dispute. The Clintonistas are crowing about it. They are looking forward with glee to an America in which Whites no longer are a majority as much as we are dreading it.
Not even the causes of this demographic disaster are under dispute. The White birthrate has fallen below the replacement level, while non-White birthrates remain high — and the flood of new immigrants, both legal and illegal, pouring across our borders is mosdy non-White, which is why the Clintonistas are determined to keep the borders open. On top of everything else, the rate of miscegenation between Whites and non-Whites is skyrocketing, as the mass media and the government and the mainstream Christian churches do everything they can to encourage racial mixing and mongrelization. This is the physical aspect of our problem.
We also are in the midst of a moral disaster. I hardly need to tell you that the willingness of the American electorate to tolerate the sort of scandalous behavior we have seen in the Clinton administration is as unprecedented as the demographic changes which are taking place. I mean, there was a time not so long ago when it would have been unthinkable to have as a major presidential candidate a man who as governor of a state was in the habit of sending out the state police to scout up women for him and bring them to the governor’s mansion for his sexual pleasure or who had a brother conducting a flourishing trade in illegal
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
cocaine sales from an office in the governor s mansion and got caught doing it and convicted and sent to prison. It used to be that that sort of behavior just wasn’t tolerable. But now, as long as people’s credit cards are good, they don’t seem to mind. They’re quite willing to have a piece of smiling, charming filth like Bill Clinton as their President, as long as their refrigerators are full and there are plenty of ball games on TV. Half of the electorate don’t care that their President is a perjurer and a rapist and a user of illegal drugs who solicits campaign contributions from foreign powers. Half don’t care, and the other half don’t care enough to do anything about it as long as the economy seems superficially healthy. That is a moral disaster, and it is unprecedented.
The public displays of homosexuality and the acceptance of homosexual behavior in our universities and elsewhere also are unprecedented. So is the extent to which feminism influences public policy. So is the extent to which our men have become effeminate wimps.
Finally, we are in the midst of a political disaster, or perhaps it would be more accurate to call it a power disaster. We have a political system, an electoral system, which for all practical purposes is controlled by die people who control the mass media: in particular, television. No candidate for national or even state office can be elected without television. The average voter sees and hears the candidates only on his television screen. That’s his only way of knowing the candidates, his only way of making a choice. This is unprecedented.
FREE SPEECH for July 2000
Prior to about 1922, when commercial radio broadcasting began to become a significant medium, voters learned about candidates only by hearing them speak in person at local public meetings or by reading about them in newspapers. Even then, of course, the personal bias of a big-city newspaper owner could make a substantial difference in a candidate’s chance of being elected. But at least, in those days there were a number of newspapers with various owners in every big city. With the increasing importance of radio broadcasting during the 1920s and 1930s, with the accumulation of newspapers in fewer and fewer hands, and with the advent of commercial television broadcasting after the Second Wold War, the relationship between candidates for public office and voters changed in a radical way.
Today the Jews’ monopoly control of the mass media gives them the sort of political power that newspaper owners and ward bosses couldn’t even dream about 75 years ago. Worse, it is a hidden power. The average voter doesn’t see it. He doesn’t even know who the big media bosses are. He just sees the faces on his television screen and doesn’t think about how they got there. But the politicians certainly think about it. The politicians understand whom they must please and whom they dare not offend in order to receive favorable TV coverage. They understand which policies they must support and which laws they must pass in order to remain in favor with the media bosses.
So those are the three major disasters that have befallen our people
15
and with which we must deal: the demographic disaster, the moral disaster, and the media disaster. And of course, they are all tied together; they are all aspects of a single disaster. We wouldn’t have a demographic disaster if we didn’t have a moral disaster. We wouldn’t permit our country to be invaded and taken over by non-Whites if we still were a manly people with a manly sense of responsibility. And what has subverted our morality, what has sapped our manliness and our sense of responsibility more than anything else, has been the Jewish control of our mass media of news and entertainment. More than soft living and luxury, more than the transition from a rural, agricultural lifestyle to an urban, industrial life-style, the Jewish domination of Hollywood and Madison Avenue during the past half-century has taken us to the brink of extinction.
If we want to pull ourselves back from the brink, if we want our people to have a future again, we must face these things and overcome them. We must halt the darkening and mongrel-ization of America; we must regain our morality and our manhood; and we must regain control over our media of mass communications and thence over the political process. Those are the basics.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Basics,” aired on June 3, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
ill
Name:
Address:
Mail to:
National Vanguard Books P.0 Box 330 Hillsboro, WV 24946

Your subscription helps to keep	Voices

© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/-year