Free
ISpeech
Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write. — John Adams, 1765
FREE SPEECH • JUNE 2002 • VOLUME VIII, NO. VI
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) for §10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. For $400 per year, instead of audio cassettes, you will receive audio CD’s.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH



Two Crucial Tail!

Dr William Pierce
"M___________i
■ 111 Wmmm lllfii

. M ’ V J®i
wm
Dr. William Pierce

RjjH
A Third World War? 1
Dr. William Pierce .

Two Crucial Tasks
Last week, we ended our discussion of the rising tide of anti-Jewish feeling around the world with the optimistic thought that this may be the beginning of the end for the tribe that has caused so much misery and destruction for others. Some listeners have told me that I was being far too optimistic. They reminded me that the Jews don't really have to worry about the fact that many Europeans hate them. Every synagogue in France could be burned to the ground, and it wouldn't do much to shake Jewish power, which lies in the Jews’ control of the U.S. government, which in turn depends on the Jews’ control of the mass media of news and entertainment in America. The Jews always have been hated, by every people among whom they have lived, and they haven’t let that worry them much or cause them to change their behavior. In fact, there have been times when Jewish leaders welcomed the hatred directed against Jews by gen-
tiles, because this hatred hindered assimilation and generated a stronger Jewish hatred of the gentiles, along with a stronger Jewish feeling of solidarity.
A demonstrator in Prague
So what is it about this new wave of anti-Jewish feeling that makes me think it really can lead to the end of Jewish domination of our society?
First, I am not predicting anything specific. I just have a feeling, an intuition, based on several things that are happening now. Back in the 1960s and 1970s, when the Jews were really trashing American society, turning everything upside down and rearranging it to suit themselves, I was mosdy an observer, first from the university campus, where I was teaching, and later from Washington, DC, where I finally began to write and to speak out For the most part, I just watched from the sidelines while the Jews organized huge, pro-Black, so-called “civil rights” demonstrations and equally huge, pro-Viet Cong, so called “peace” demonstrations. I could see some very bad trends, some very dangerous and destructive trends being established, but of course neither I nor anyone else could be cer-
2
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
A pro-Le Pen rally in France
tain where these trends would take us. Most of my colleagues at the university believed that we were merely going through a temporary social disruption, and that things would setde down later. They weren’t willing to do anything or to take a stand. In fact, in my own case, it wasn’t until 1975 that I began writing my first novel, The Turner Diaries, in which I extrapolated the trends that I had been observing for well over a decade and predicted that they would lead to a long-term degenerative change in American society, and that this degenerative change was a deliberate consequence, calculated by those promoting the trends.
Now other thinking Americans cannot evade the same conclusion that I reached in the 1970s. They can see what the Jewish push for uncontrolled immigration from die Third World has done to America. They know who it was that pushed through the big change in our immigration laws bade in 1965. They can see what the Jewish promotion of feminism has done to the White birthrate in America, and they can understand that together these two things — non-White immigration and the lowered White birthrate — will lead very soon to the extinction of our race and to the end of the civilization that our ancestors spent thousands of years building for us. They can experience
I
every day the insanity of the muiticui-turalism endlessly promoted by the Jews through every medium under their control, from Hollywood to Madison Avenue, and forcefully imposed on us by our government, and they can see what it is doing to our young people. They can see the growing confusion and alienation and demoralization. They can smell the stench of the non-stop Jewish propaganda of equality and democracy and non-resistance and racial death being spewed onto us by the Jewish media during every hour of every day.
Now, all of these things that I’ve just mentioned have been with us for a while. They’ve been pushed and promoted and built up during the past 40 years. And, for most of that time, they have not resulted in any great degree of resolve among thinking Americans to put up any resistance to what the Jews ate doing. In fact, for most of that time I kept hearing the same excuses for inaction: “you can’t blame all of the Jews for what a few Jews are doing,” or, “there are gentiles every bit as bad as the Jews, so don’t try to blame it all on the Jews.”
And of course, there are gentiles every bit as bad as the Jews — worse, in fact, because on top of all their other crimes they are traitors, they are collaborators, and in my eyes there is
no worse crime than collaboration with the Jews against our people. I am pleased to note that the Palestinians at least, know how to deal with collaborators, and I can only hope that when the day of justice arrives in America, those gentiles who have collaborated with the Jews will get their dose of justice first.
So what’s different now from, say, five years ago? Why do I believe that thinking Americans won’t keep on making the same excuses and doing nothing as things continue to get worse and worse?
Well, first, historical processes that may appear to be continuous in nature sometimes reach a tipping point. A person who evaded action for years suddenly decides he’s had enough. And if many of the people around him also have become exasperated, they may be influenced enough by his change of attitude to decide suddenly that they also have had enough. And when conditions are right, decisions of this sort can spread with explosive speed throughout a society — or at least, throughout a stratum of society, because I’m still talking only about thinking Americans, not about the masses of Sally Soccermoms and Joe Sixpacks, who never think very deeply about anything.
Certainly, we cannot make an exact analogy between France and the United States — there are many differences between the two societies — but we certainly have seen an explosive change in public attitudes in France in recent days. In France’s presidential election last Sunday, the surprising electoral success of Jean-Marie Le Pen, who had been completely written off by the mainstream media and by the French political establishment certainly is not unrelated to the role of the Jews in France. France has the largest and most obnoxious Jewish population in Western Europe, and Le Pen has been repeatedly denounced by the Jews as an anti-Semite. I hesitate to say at this time that the historical process in France has reached a tipping point, but Le Pen’s explosive gain in popularity tells us something about the changing attitudes of the French toward the Jews in their country — and these changes
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 $4Q/ye
have been quite abrupt, suggesting a wave of exasperation spreading through the French public in the way that 1 just described.
Second, history always is full of surprises, surprises that not even the cleverest schemer could predict, and we’ve had a few of those recendy. September 11 did a lot more than kill 3,000 Americans and wipe out some expensive real estate. It initiated a whole chain of unforeseen events, and we’re still a long way from the end of that chain. I’ve already talked about some of these events stemming from September 11. There was the very clumsy and transparent effort by the government and die media to deflect blame for the attack from the government’s policy of unquestioning support of Israel. Every thinking American noticed and flinched when George Bush parroted the Jewish media line that he had no idea why America was attacked. It must have been because Osama bin Laden “hates our freedom.” It certainly had nothing at all to do with the government’s support of Israeli aggression in the Middle East
Now, I already had been telling people for nearly two years that George Bush is a shameless liar, that he lies habitually, that he will say whatever the Jews tell him to say, without embarrassment or shame. But most people took that with a grain of salt They thought that I was exaggerating, but after September 11 they understood that I wasn’t exaggerating at all. They saw and heard the Jewish media telling the American public that the attack had nothing to do with U.S. support for Israel, that we would have been attacked even if the government weren’t sending money and weapons to Israel, that the attack was based solely on the feet that Muslim fanatics “hate our freedom.” And then they saw and heard George Bush and Dick Cheney and John Ashcroft and all the rest parrot this Jewish lie — this obvious and unbelievable Jewish lie — without even blushing.
They saw and heard various Jewish spokesmen announce that what the United States had to do now was wage war against Afghanistan and Iraq and Iran and any other country
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
that didn’t approve of what the Jews were doing to the Palestinians. The Jewish spokesmen announced that we were a bunch of wimps if we didn’t take out these countries now; that punishing the people who perpetrated the September 11 attack wasn’t enough, and that the only way to protect ourselves from future attacks was to go after everyone who didn’t agree with our policy in the Middle East And then they saw and heard George Bush and the rest chime in. There has never been a clearer demonstration of the degree of Jewish control over the U.S. government
Thinking Americans — and also thinking Europeans — are much more inclined to believe me now when I tell them that the U.S. government will do whatever the Jews tell it to do, that the politicians in the White House and in the Congress are totally irresponsible people who really don’t care about anything except pleasing the Jews so that they can be reelected.
The U.S. government will start another world war if the Jews demand it It’s not just the countries in the so-called “axis of evil,” which Bush’s Jewish speech writers have him raving against, that are in danger: it’s everyone. We all are at risk when the world’s greatest nuclear superpower is having its strings pulled by a bunch of arrogant megalomaniacs who believe that they are God’s chosen people and can do whatever they want That worries a lot of people — especially in Europe, but also in America. And it’s not the sort of worry that will fade quickly. Once a thinking person has digested the reality of Jewish control of the U.S. government, he understands that something radical must be done to break that control. And he begins thinking about the whole nature of Jews and the way they behave, the way they operate collectively, the way in which they exercise control of a society. And what gradually takes shape in his mind is a new attitude toward Jews as Jews, not just as Zionists or as Israelis. He begins to understand that it is the Jewish community working as a whole that is the problem, not just a few Zionist Jews or a few media Jews or a few Jewish bankers.
3
Well, this sort of thing has been going on, in a cyclical sort of way, for millennia. Always in the past, when public anger at what the Jews were doing reached the tipping point, the Jews were able to recover, regroup, and renew their assault against our people. In ancient times, the Egyptians ran them en masse out of Egypt The Romans found them so troublesome that they were expelled en masse from the province of Palestine. And during the Middle Ages, at one time or another, they were expelled from every country in Europe, and from some countries several times. When they were run out of one country, they would bribe their way into another country that wasn’t yet at the tipping point. Then after 25 or 30 years — that is, after a generation — the people in the country they had been run out of would have forgotten why they had run the Jews out a generation earlier, and the Jews would come sneaking back in.
Sometimes the cycle was much longer than a generation. King Edward the Great expelled all of the Jews from England in 1290 in order to calm the public unrest they were causing, and it was mote than 350 years before they were able to get back in, under Oliver Cromwell. But they did get back in — that was in the mid-.
die of the 17™ century — and they’ve been gnawing away at British society for another 350 years since then. They have done at least as much damage in the United Kingdom as in the United States, pushing for non-White immigration and for interracial mar-n riage, promoting feminism and homosexuality, using the media to promote« every sort of perversion and abnor-> mality, but the Brits apparently are a demoralized bunch, willing to tolerate even more abuse than Americans are, and I doubt that they are dose to the tipping point yet.
So, again, why do I hold out more hope for the present cyde than for earlier cycles? For one thing, in the past when the Jews got booted out of one country, there always was another country for them to go to and to regroup. The world is a much smaller place today. We are likely to see the whole White world tip at the same time. For another thing, once
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
Protestors at a National Alliance demonstration outside the Israeli Embassy
die thinking people, the independent' minded minority, has come to a general understanding of what the Jews are, what they are trying to do, and how they operate, it will not be as easy for them to forget as it was in the past With universal literacy, with the Internet and the laser printer, once the word is out, it will stay out
The principal obstacle in the way of a final solution to the Jewish plot lem is the lack of radicalism on the part of the majority of the people who now oppose die Jews. The conservatives in most countries were emasculated long ago and are a total loss. They oppose, in their effete, limp-wristed way, the policies of the Jews — or at least some of those policies — but they are so terrified of being denounced as anti-Semites or as racists that they will not take a more general stand against the Jews. In Britain, for example, the Conservative Fhrty is part of the chorus of those denouncing the second-place electoral shewing of Jean-Marie Le fen last Sunday and expressing hope that the corrupt system politician, Jacques Chirac, will defeat Le ffen in the runoff — as he almost certainly will.
Leftists are a very large part of the current opposition to the Jews, but a majority of them are basing their opposition on the atrocious policies of the Jews in the Middle East Their opposition generally goes a bit beyond mere anti-Zionism and includes exasperation with the tolerance of Jews outside Israel for Israeli atrocities and with such things as Jewish media con-
trol and Jewish influence on governmental policies. But in most cases their opposition to the Jews would disappear if Israel would disappear.
And we should be realistic about people such as Jean-Marie Le Pen. He may be hated and even feared by most of France’s 700,000 Jews because of his opposition to many Jewish policies, but he actually has a Jew in a position of authority in his political organization. If Le Pen actually gained power in France — and that is unlikely — he almost certainly would fight against many Jewish policies and might even slow somewhat the Jewish program for the destruction of die French people, but I doubt very much that he would make any radical moves against the Jews as Jews. He might even collaborate with the Jews in suppressing the very troublesome Muslim minority in France. He seems much more a conservative French nationalist than a farsighted White racist
Our real hope for making this the final cycle lies with a minority of those who are now raising their voices against the Jews. This minority consists of those who really understand the Jews and have the correct motivation for opposing them: not as Christ-killers, not as Zionists, not as international bankers, but as incurable corrupters and destroyers. This radical minority always has been around, but it is larger now than it has been in a long time. As I mentioned last week, the Jewish poU-takers are saying that it is larger than it has been since the 1930s. I’m not sure about that, but it
has been growing in recent decades as the destruction being wrought by the Jews on our society and on our civili-zation has become more evident The big, new element in all of this is the groundsweil of opposition to Jewish policies among non-radical elements:	primarily	the	elements
opposing Jews because of what they are doing in the Middle East What we have now is an opportunity for synergistic action on the part of radical and non-radical elements, which we have not had since the Second World War. We already may be seeing some of this now, as liberal opponents of Israel push for more radical measures against Israel than they have in the past. Did the liberals all by themselves institute the boycotts of Israeli imports that are spreading across Europe now? In Europe, there is an initiative among academics and scholars to boycott Israeli academics. Did the academic liberals all by themselves launch this initiative.7 Certainly, radical White nationalists have an unprecedented opportunity to radicalize at some of the non-radical oppo nents of Israel.
Finally, we have the grass-roots elements who are firebombing synagogues and beating up Jews in the streets. Many of these, especially in France, are Muslim immigrants angry at what the Jews are doing in the Middle East, but not all of them are Muslims:	some are young White
nationalists, and some are young Whites who are simply angry and alienated. And again we have synergy. The presence in Europe of large numbers of angry Muslim immigrants, who are there because of Jewish policies aimed at polluting Europe racially, makes it easier for angry young Whites also to express themselves on the Jewish question.
The real key to building this opposition to the Jews into something with long-term viability lies, as with so many other important issues, in the effective use of communications media. As long as they are able to keep their stranglehold on the mass media in America, they can ride out almost anything, because they can keep the lemmings deceived and therefore can continue to control the government, with its police and military powers. They can thumb their
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Bax 330 • Hilbboro • WV 24946 • $4Q/ytar
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
5
noses at Europe, so long as they have the United States under control.
There are two things that, together, can finish them. One of these things is the breaking of their media stranglehold in America, and with it the spell they have over the lemmings. The other thing is an independent-thinking elite mat understands them and is morally and psychologically prepared to move against them when their media stran-
glehold is broken or weakened signifi-candy. We ate working now on both fronts. We are working to educate this elite, and the unforeseen upsurge of anti-Jewish feeling now sweeping the world is gteady facilitating this part of our task. We also are working as hard as we can to weaken the Jewish stranglehold on the mass media of news and entertainment by building alternative media and learning to use them effectively.
Your support can help us gready with both of these tasks: these crucial tasks, at which we must not fail.
TTiis article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Two Crucial Tasks,” aired on April 27, 2002. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Democracy and Propaganda
1 do appreciate the feedback I receive from listeners. They give me responses to my broadcasts and tell me about their own concerns and ideas, and they sometimes give me useful tips on news stories that I might not have learned about otherwise.
One thing that I’m reminded of over and over again by listener feedback is that many listeners still haven’t assimilated a message I’ve included in nearly every broadcast, and that is the central importance of Jewish media control to all of our problems. Many listeners, perhaps even a majority, still believe that somehow, when the White public becomes sufiiciendy exasperated, we can vote ourselves out of our problems. When I have said that the whole democratic process is merely a sham, an illusion, in the age of television, they haven’t believed me. They still cling to the notion that democracy is inherent in White life, that it is with us to stay, and that we must rely on it in order to overcome our problems. This notion seems to have been implanted so deeply in their consciousness that it will take a real trauma to uproot it Well, you can be sure that the trauma is on its way, but meanwhile it behooves some of us to understand the situation.
A couple of weeks ago, I quoted a few sentences from a book published in 1928 tided Propaganda, by the Jew Edward Bernays. Today, I’ll read to you an expanded set of excerpts from Bernays’ book to give you a little more of the gist of his message:
The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country.
We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes are formed, our ideas suggested largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society....
Whatever attitude one chooses to take toward this condition, it remains a fact that in almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons.... who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull tne wires which control the public mind, who harness old social forces and contrive new ways to bind and guide the world....
Sometimes the effect on the public is created by a professional propagandist, sometimes by an amateur deputed for the job. The important thing is that it is universal and continuous; ana in its sum total is regimenting the public mind every bit as much as an army regiments the bodies of its soldiers....
The systematic study of mass psychology revealed to students the potentialities of invisible government of society by manipulation of the motives which actuate man m the group.... So the question naturally arose: If we understand the mechanism and motives of the group mind is it not possible to control and regiment the masses according to our will without their knowing it?
The recent practice of propaganda has proved that it is possible, at feast up to a certain point and within certain limits....
No serious sociologist believes any longer that the voice of the people expresses any divine or especially wise and lofty idea. The voice of the people expresses the mind of the people, and that mind is made up for it by the group leaders
in whom it believes and by those persons who understand the manipulation of public opinion....
Whether in the problem of getting elected to office or in tne problem of interpreting and popularizing new issues, or in the problem of making the day-to-day administration of public affairs a vital part of the community life, the use of propaganda, carefully adjusted to the mentality of the masses, is an essential adjunct of political life.
I should mention that Bernays’ book is not profound or especially valuable in itself. It merely states a few self-evident facts about the way in which a modem society works. For the person interested in propaganda, far more useful books are available. The fact that Bernays was a Jew is not even especially relevant here except to emphasize that propaganda, the mass media, psychology, and the manipulation of others always have been subjects of special interest to the Jews. It is not for nothing that they are as thick in these fields today as they were in the time of Bernays and Freud. The reason I chose Bernays’ book to quote is that it provides a more concise and clear summary, in a few quotable paragraphs, of the role of propaganda in modern life than most other books on the subject.
If I were you, I wouldn’t even waste time trying to hunt down a copy of Bernays’ book. Although it is available in larger libraries, it’s long been out of print, and all it does is state the obvious: namely, that the whole concept of democracy is meaningless in an age where a few people have in their hands the mechanism for controlling the attitudes and opinions of a majority of the electorate. And Ber-
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yuet
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
nays also cakes the disingenuous position that not only is this control a fact of life, but that it is a good thing; it is necessary to control and to regiment the thinking of the public in older to avoid chaos, and it can only lead us to greater progress and prosperity. He simply glosses over the question of who should exercise this control and what their motives should be.
If you really want to study the subject of propaganda, a good place to start is with the 1962 book, also tided Propaganda, by the Frenchman Jacques Ellul. That book is still in print and is available from the sponsor of this program, National Vanguard Books. Professor Ellul deals with the subject in much greater depth and with much greater honesty than Bemays does, but he agrees with Bemays on the most obvious and fundamental conclusions: on the irrelevance of the idea of democracy, for example. I quote from Professor EUul's boolc
If I am in favor of democracy, I can only regret that propaganda renders the true exercise of it almost impossible. But I think that it would be even worse to entertain any illusions about a coexistence of true democracy and propaganda.
To me, it is frustrating that a conclusion that seems so obvious is nevertheless resisted by so many otherwise intelligent people. Democracy has become almost a sacred concept to them, this idea that the policies guiding our nation should be decided by counting the votes of every featherless biped who has reached the age of 18. It’s like motherhood: they’re almost afraid to question it
This seems to be as true of intellectuals in our society as it is of Joe Sixpacks. The feet is that intellectuals are no more likely to be independent-minded than people who work with their hands; most intellectuals, just like most Joe Sixpacks, are lemmings. In feet, as Ellul points out, it is precisely the intellectuals who are most strongly controlled by propaganda, because they axe more open to every medium of propaganda.
And 1 must admit that it took me a long time to overcome the ideas drummed into me when I was in school that under a democracy people are more free than under any other political system, that under a democ-
i *.J f ■ > • i * «./ v *•
JACQUES ELLUL
Propaganda by Jacques Ellul
racy we are all free to think and to say whatever we want, and that we have a greater responsibility as citizens of a democracy to make up our own minds about things independendy, and so on. Actually, we still have some degree of individual freedom in the United States today because, more than 200 years ago, men whose temperament was fer more aristocratic than democratic in the modem sense of the word were willing to go to war against their legitimate government in order to secure that freedom for us, and people with a truly democratic temperament, who have been gnawing away at that freedom ever since, haven’t yet succeeded in suppressing it
completely*
Well, it should not be surprising to us that although books such as Professor Ellul’s Propaganda — and many others — are readily available, almost no one has heard of them. Keeping the public believing in the myth of democracy is an important element in maintaining control over the thinking and behavior'of the public If 1* sim-
ply immoral and scandalous to qu tion the reality of democracy. It’s li^ questioning the truth of the “H0|£ caust” story. And for that reason we’j. not likely to be taught in our social studies classes in school or Co read in the New York Times or the Wall Street Journal even the most obvious and self-evident conclusions presented by Bemays or Ellul. We’re still taught how democracy safeguards our free, dom, even while those who control the mechanism of propaganda in our democratic society are working day and night to eliminate that freedom.
Already “freedom” means to Sally Soccermom the right to buy either blue plastic hair curlers or pink plastic hair curlers or yellow plastic hair curl* ers or no hair curlers at all at the shopping mall. And to her husband it means the right to watch whatever ball game he chooses and to go to the refrigerator for another six-pack at halftime. And both Sally Soccermom and Joe Sixpack have pretty well been brought around by democrats to the opinion that the First Amendment doesn’t really give anyone the right to say “hateful” things:	things that
offend other people. A majority of them already believe that racism is illegal — or ought Co be illegal.
And I hardly need to remind you that in most of democratic Europe the controllers of propaganda already have reduced freedom to a choice of hair curlers and ball games. Just last week, 59-year-old Tore Tvedt, a Norwegian member of my organization, the National Alliance, was convicted in an Oslo court and sent to prison for stating personal opinions on the Internet that the court considered “racist” and “anti-Semitic.” The liberal intelligentsia of Norway have applauded the conviction. The details are available in an April 23 Associated Press report from Oslo.
The reason that it is important for us not to let that sort of thing happen in America — the reason why it is essential for us to preserve the freedom that we still have — is that for us freedom is the right to fight against the controllers of the propaganda machinery, who not only are attempting to reduce freedom in America to the sort of hair-curler-and-ball-game freedom that exists in Norway and in
O 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Bax 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
most of the rest of Europe, but who also have as their goal the annihiia-tion of our race. We still can fight against these enemies of our people by legal means, but they are working very hard to take that remaining freedom away from us.
It is unfortunate that we cannot use propaganda against them the way they use it against us. I’m certainly not a propaganda expert myself, but I understand enough about it to know that the use of propaganda on a large enough scale to be effective in changing the attitudes and the behavior of the public requires a much larger mechanism than anyone but the Jews possesses. I’m talking here about so-called “vertical propaganda,” which simultaneously conditions large numbers of people through the use of television, magazine advertising, and other mass media. The Jews worked hard to seize control of that mechanism and to build it up throughout all of the last century.
There is, of course, what is called “horizontal propaganda,” in which the attitudes and behavior of individuals in small groups are changed through suggestion by group leaders and guided group discussion. This is the sort of thing that was used in communist prison camps and in some religious cults and is used in “sensitivity training” in America to condition employees in government and in private business today. It also is used to a frighteningly large extent in America’s schools to propagandize children. It doesn’t require much in the way of mechanism, as “vertical propaganda” does, but it does require a large number of conditioning groups operating simultaneously in order to be effective on a significant portion of the population, and that in turn requires a large organizational infrastructure to get people into the groups and then to coordinate their conditioning.
I find all of this very interesting, but also a little depressing. I cannot help but agree with Bemays and Ellul that the governing role of propaganda is inevitable in a modem, centralized, technological society. Without propaganda as a coordinator for the lemmings, we would have chaos. The only way to avoid propaganda would
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
be to return to the sort of decentralized society without mass media, based on the farm and the village, that we had during the Middle Ages and in ancient times, and we can’t do that as long as we live in a world where we ate surrounded by dangerous enemies: which is to say, we cannot afford decentralization and the giving up of our mass communications capabilities as long as we have Chinese or Jews waiting for us to lower our vigilance. The important thing is not to try to avoid propaganda — we really can’t do that — but to ensure that the people who control the content and the direction of the propaganda are our people and that they have the right motivations. That is the essential thing. Beside this, everything else becomes insignificant
An understanding of our present situation leads us to a conclusion that many otherwise intelligent people are afraid to confront That frightening conclusion is that there is no peaceful way out of this situation. The Jews never will voluntarily relinquish control of the mechanism of propaganda, and as long as they retain control America and our civilization and our people will continue down the slippery slope toward oblivion: non-White immigration will continue, the White birthrate will remain far below the replacement level, the media will continue pushing multiculturalism and race-mixing, and the Jews will continue their efforts to reduce our freedom to a choice of hair curlers and ball games, as they already have done in Norway. And as long as their television screens stay lit and the shelves at the shopping malls remain full of consumer goods, the lemmings will go along happily with everything.
We cannot vote our way out of our planned demise. Either we will let ourselves be led into extinction by the masters of propaganda like lambs to the slaughter, or we will fight back, and when we fight back there will be a period of bloody chaos. When I have said this in the past, I have been accused by people who otherwise agreed with me of having bloody-minded fantasies. They did not want to face the prospect of violence and bloodshed, and, when I said that we
7
must face it, they accused me of wanting it
Well, I don’t want it — except as an alternative that is infinitely preferable to extinction. I prefer a peaceful path to survival and to freedom and to progress, but I no longer believe that a peaceful path remains for us. The people who accused me of being bloody minded were people who were comfortable, who were living fairly high on the hog, and of course they didn’t want their comfort to end. They didn’t want their comfortable world to become chaotic and dangerous and bloody. I can’t blame them for that But they let their desire for a continuation of comfort hide the truth from them. They wanted to believe that we can vote our way out of the mess that we’re in and that everything can be resolved peacefully, and so that’s what they believed. I can only agree with Professor Ellul that the worst thing that we can do now is entertain any illusions about the efficacy of democracy in combating the destructive propaganda mechanism being used against us by the Jews.
In this regard, I should mention the current situation in France. Tomorrow is the runoff voting in the French presidential election. Many people in the United States are very excited by the fact that the conservative French nationalist Jean-Marie Le Pen came in second in the voting two weeks ago, and the Jews in France have been denouncing him as an “anti-Semite” and demonstrating in the streets against him ever since. Almost certainly the winner in tomorrow’s voting will be the corrupt system politician Jacques Chirac. We must remember that France doesn’t have the two-party system that we have in the United States. The vote is divided among a number of competing parties, and Le Pen won second place two weeks ago with less than 17 per cent of the vote, while the frontrunner Chirac received less than 20 per cent Tomorrow Chirac will win with something between 70 and 80 per cent of the vote.
But even if Le Pen were to beat Chirac tomorrow, it certainly wouldn’t mean beating the Jews. For the Jews it’s a win-win situation. If Chirac
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
8
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
wins, he will continue taking money — and orders — from the Jews, as he has in the past. If Le R*n wins, it will be a setback for some Jewish policies, but probably the first thing Le Fen will do is begin lacking Arabs out of France — and it is the Arabs in France, brought there by Jewish “anti-racist" immigration policies, who have been in the forefront of attacks on synagogues and on Jewish businesses in France in recent months. Le Fen certainly will not begin kicking Jews out of France.
The man running his current electoral campaign, Bruno I Gollnisch, is a Jew, as are several other key members of Le Pen’s National Front party. Le Fen’s own son-in-law is a Jew. Jewish propaganda in France, as elsewhere, has set the limits for permissible political behavior, and Le Fen will act only within those limits.
There remains the fact that Le ftn did surprise most observers by winning second place two weeks ago,
A poster of Bruno Gollnisch at a Le Pen rally
and people in America who desperately want to believe that we can vote our way out of our mess here ate grasping at that fact like a drowning man grasping at a straw. But really, what Le Pen’s surge in popularity proves is not that democracy has a chance, but that surprises do happen. That is what should give us hope: that even with their stranglehold on the
propaganda media in America, tb Jews can and do miscalculate,’^ unforeseen events do happen.
Our responsibility here is ^ continue building our capability for taking advantage of surprises when they do happen, ana that means primarily to continue building our means for communicating effectively with every independent-minded White man and woman with a conscience and attempting to gain his or her participation in the effort to readi others. I don’t expect that out communications capability will win any elections for us, but it cet* tainly will enhance our ability to fight back — and that is what 1 intend to do until my last breath.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Democrat and Propaganda,” aired on May t, 2002. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Philadelphia and Kampala
A Black In Kampala
I spend most of my time in rural, nearly all-White West Virginia, but last week 1 was in Philadelphia. While there, I spent some time late Friday night strolling the sidewalks of a commercial and tourist area in eastern Philadelphia, not far from the water' front It was an area full of cafes and ban and trendy dothing shops and tattoo parlors, and the sidewalks were
jammed with pedestrians. It was a multiculturalist’s dream, with people of every race and culture imaginable pushing past one another.
I had to walk around knots of a dozen or so Blacks blocking the sidewalk in places: real Blacks, so dark they looked as if they had just dropped out of a tree in equatorial Africa. More numerous were the mongrels of every shade: mestizos from Central America, Middle Easterners, mulattos and quadroons and octoroons, and God only knows what else. And there were Whites too: at least, they were genetically White, judging by their features and light sltin and hair. But many of them wore hip-hop clothing: backward baseball caps and baggy trousers and rings in their ears. Some of the Whites affected dreadlocks or comtows. And they seemed right at home in this multicultural stew. I didn’t see on any of their feces die revulsion that I felt And I thought of die feet that this used to be a fine, White city, & Euro-
A Black in Philadelphia
pean city. This is in a sense America’ birthplace: Independence Hall, th Liberty Bell, and all of that Whj happened?
Well, of course, we know wh: happened. We’ve been talking evei week on this program about varioi aspects of what happened to chanj our cities from civilized, White cor munities to the filthy, multicultui
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 3)0 - Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
9
Philadelphia in 1751
jungles they are today. My companion last Friday night, a long-time resident of the city, told me that Philadelphia is worse than most American cities, and perhaps it is, but I’ve seen enough of the others to know that they’re all headed the same way.
Earlier in the day last Friday, I had read a Reuters dispatch from Kampala, the capital of Uganda, about an incident that had taken place a few days before. Ugandan rebels, members of a fundamentalist Christian sea led by a self-proclaimed “prophet,” Joseph Kony, who wants to set up a state based on the Biblical Ten Commandments, had ambushed a funeral procession and taken the 60 mourners captive. The Christian rebels then forced the mourners to cook the corpse they had been carrying and eat it. After the corpse had been boiled in sorghum and eaten, all 60 of the mourners were slaughtered by the rebels.
A grisly story indeed, and one that embarrassed multiculturalists probably would blame on the unsettled conditions in Uganda at the moment I don’t think that this incident can be blamed entirely on unset-ded conditions, however, nor do I think it fair to blame it on the faa that the rebels are Christian fundamentalists. In setded times as in unsettled times, Ugandans have had a proclivity for eating each other. In the 1970s, when Idi Amin was president of Uganda, he ruled with an iron hand and did not tolerate unsetded conditions. He also ate choice parts of people who displeased him. And Idi Amin was not a Christian like Joseph Kony, but a Muslim. Neither religion nor politics is the essential element in this litde story from Uganda. The essential element is race.
Philadelphia today
And the faa is that year by year Philadelphia is becoming more like Kampala. And as I said a moment ago, we understand why that is so. If you don’t mind though, I’ll go ahead and explain it again. A century ago, when Philadelphia still was a White city, a huge wave of Jewish immigration to America from Eastern Europe was taking place. By 1900, there already were a million Jews in the United States, and more were arriving at a rate of 40,000 a year. Almost as soon as they got off the boat, these Jews began elbowing their way into the mass media of news and entertainment, buying up newspapers, theaters, magazines, and book publishing companies. A few years later, they were taking over Hollywood and buying up radio stations, then television stations and TV-production companies. They seemed to have an unerring instina for what they needed to do in order to destroy the new country in which they had arrived.
We had, of course, plenty of destructive undesirables of our own already here. Even before the Civil War psychopaths such as John Brown murdered their fellow Whites on behalf of Blacks and attempted to “equalize” the races. After the Civil War, we had even more hate-crazed egalitarians attempting to punish Whites — mostly White Southerners — for being better than Blacks. Some,
like John Brown* justified their murderous egalitarianism on Christian grounds, but after the Civil War and the shameful policies directed against Southerners during the Reconstruction period, there was no large-scale, systematic effort by Whites, Christian or otherwise, to mongrelize and to degrade America. We still had an abundance of crazies and haters around, but without an organizing force behind them they were a potential rather than an actual danger.
Such an organizing force appeared after the Jews had fastened their grip on America’s mass media of news and entertainment and brought the lemmings under their influence. In fact, it really wasn’t until after the Second World War that the Jews pulled out all the stops and made the destruction of White America their primary goal, enlisting our own worst elements for assistance in that purpose. Before that, they had needed America to beat Europe into submission. If they hadn’t been able to use America against Europe during the Second World War, the Jewish problem would have been solved in a final way 60 years ago, at least in Europe.
But after the war, they no longer needed a powerful America, and so they employed every corrosive medium in their arsenal to subvert and to weaken us. They promoted homosexuality, first as an acceptable
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
life-style and then as a fashionable lifestyle. They pushed feminism and the “liberation* of women: which is to say, they convinced our women that they were being “liberated” by choosing to be lawyers or financial consultants or business executives instead of mothers. They opened our borders to the Third World: which is to say, they used their media control and their bought politicians to scrap our pro-White immigration laws and replace them with laws favoring non-White immigration. They financed and led die so-called “civil rights” movement They demanded and got the abolition of laws against miscegenation.
And they did all of this in typically Jewish fashion. They didn’t try to strong-arm us. They didn’t put guns to our heads and demand that we destroy our country, or else. Instead they sniffed out our weaknesses and then used those weaknesses against us, remaining behind the scenes as much as possible. These days, none of the major Jewish media will openly promote the use of illegal drugs, but back in the 1960s and the 1970s it was the Jews who were pushing the use of drugs by Whites, on university campuses and elsewhere. They made the use of so-called “recreational" drugs — marijuana and cocaine, for example — fashionable among impressionable young Whites. When I was in school in the 1950s, White kids didn’t smoke marijuana. And even today the newer recreational drugs, such as “ecstasy,” are promoted almost exclusively by Jews. The world center for the “ecstasy" trade is Israel.
Body-piercing and virtually every other degenerate fashion among young Whites today is promoted by the Jewish media. I don’t mean by this that the New York Times openly advocates that young White males should wear earrings or push safety pins through their lips, but the young White males that do this — the young White males that one sees on the streets of Philadelphia — have been persuaded that it is fashionable by some Jewish media aimed specifically at them, whether MTV or the slick, degenerate magazines for yuppies that have proliferated in recent decades.
Much more serious and direedy destructive has been the Jewish effort
Body-piercing and virtually every other degenerate fashion among young Whites today is promoted by the Jewish media
to persuade young White women that it is fashionable to have a Black boyfriend, and in this effort the hand of the Jews is even more clearly visible. Not only do we see the increasingly brazen promotions of interracial sex in Hollywood films and in slick magazine advertising, but the promotions for miscegenation are backed up by pseudo-serious support in everything from the New York Times to U.S. Army recruiting posters to guided discussion groups in classrooms.
And so, here’s the $64,000 question: Is the spread of the sort of multicultural filth that I saw in Philadelphia last week inevitable? We’ve seen it get worse decade by decade and year by year. Will it continue getting worse until all of America is nothing but a sewer like Philadelphia and untill we all have drowned in the filth? Are the Jews, with their stranglehold on the media, on the politicians, and on the minds of the lemmings, unstoppable?
And the answer is “no.” What is happening is not inevitable. It will only continue spreading and becoming worse to the extent that we permit it. The Jews, despite all of their power, both apparent and real, are indeed stoppable. Let me explain.
I have a huge stack of news reports from the Middle East and from Europe on my desk. Here is a typical headline. It’s from an Associ-
ated Press report datelined this Sunday in Jerusalem: “Israeli Soldiers in West Bank Kill Palestinian Woman Her Two Children, and a Young Boy.” The report goes on to say that the Jews shot the Palestinian woman and children because they looked “suspicious.” The shootings came immediately after an Israeli tank maneuvering in the area lost one of its treads. The Jews suspected sabotage, so they opened up on the unfortunate Palestinian woman and children with the tank’s. 50-caliber machine gun. To the average reader it looks an awful lot like the Jewish soldiers were angry about the damage to their tank and simply decided to kill any Palestinians they saw. And this is all too typical of the news coming from Palestine these days. I have a hundred other reports in a similar vein.
So what’s the reaction to this news? That depends on who’s reacting. If you’re one of Israel’s bought politicians in the U.S. government, then your reaction is along the lines of George Bush or Attorney General John Ashcroft or the head Republican in the Congress, Dick Armey. House Majority Leader Dick Armey believes that it’s just fine for Jews to shoot Palestinian women and children whenever they feel like it. He announced last week that he believes that the Jews should ethnically cleanse Israel and the entire West Bank, expelling or killing all non-Jews and claiming the land for Israel. And his fellow political prostitutes agree with him, although most of them are not quite as bold as he is to call for ethnic cleansing. The fact is that they’ve all been bought, they’re all traitors, and they all should be hanged, every one of them. And I’m dead serious when I say that, although I also should say that I am grateful to Congressman Armey for announcing his approval of ethnic cleansing, because that’s what will have to be done in this country on a huge scale. And it will be done.
Anyway. I'm not the only thoughtful person who keeps up with the news. There are many thousands of other Americans who read the news reports about Jews venting their anger by shooting Palestinian women
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV
24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
11
and children and then hear our government leaders respond with approval. Whatever the Jews want is all right with these politicians. And thoughtful people understand. They understand how the system works. They see that the lemmings aren’t told about the murdered women and children. They know that the government is told but' that it doesn't care. They see that the lemmings aren’t told about Congressman Armey’s approval of expelling all the Palestinians horn Palestine so that the Jews can have their land. Almost no mass media reported Armey’s statement Thoughtful people realize that the lemmings wouldn’t understand even if they were cold. They note that Ariel Sharon, the repulsive mass murderer and war criminal who heads Israel, visited the United States this week and was hugged by Donald Rumsfeld and by George Bush and the other politicians as if he were Santa Claus.
Thoughtful people are forced to admit, after years of evading the truth, that I have been right. Thoughtful people are being forced to admit that the truths that I have been rubbing in their faces for years, which they didn’t want to see, are in fact truths. Not all thoughtful people yet, of course, but many more now than a year ago. And let me assure you, more and more of them are admitting it to me. And when thoughtful people have been forced to admit the utter and total corruption and treason and irresponsibility of our government, when they have been forced to admit that the government will do whatever the Jews Cell it to do where the Middle East is concerned, they also begin to pay attention when I cell them that what has happened to Philadelphia is also the result of Jewish corruption and subversion. And they begin to understand that if we do not want to sink to the level of Uganda then we must attack the corruption and the subversion at its source.
What’s happening now in Palestine has broken the ice. For the past 50 years the Jews have used their “Holocaust” story as a shield to pro-tea themselves from criticism: “You can’t blame us for anything we do, because we suffered so much in the concentration camps under those
awful Germans. If you say bad things about us, you’re no better than those German doctors who performed medical experiments on us or those German concentration camp guards who shoved us into gas chambers.”
And for 50 years, the Jews weren’t blamed for anything. No matter what they did, they were portrayed as innocent and inoffensive. All of us were afraid of being considered “anti-Semitic” That has changed very recendy to a remarkable degree among thoughtful people. We all owe to the Palestinian suicide bombers and other resistance fighters a great debt of gratitude for this. When thoughtful people see Jews behaving like Jews, killing Palestinian women and children just because they’re angry, and when they see the media here — at least, the mass media, the media that influence the lemmings — ignoring this atrocious behavior, and when they see our government expressing its implicit approval — and in some cases explicit approval — not only do they no longer feel an obligation not to criticize Jews, but they also begin seeing the bigger picture of Jewish influence and control and subversion.
And really, it goes far beyond a question of moral outrage at what the Jews are doing in Palestine. It even goes beyond a sense of alarm on the part of patriots about the Jews’ corruption of our politicians through their control of the media. People who really don’t care whether or not the Jews are massacring Palestinians and who already were pretty cynical about our politicians and their subservience to the Jews are quite concerned about the direction that world events have taken recendy. A lot of thoughtful people simply don’t want us pushed into a Third World War. They don’t even want us pushed into another war that can be confined to the Middle East They don’t want us invading Iraq and in general being used as Israel’s bullyboy and butcher in the Middle East They see this sort of behavior as very, very dangerous and very, very destructive of American interests.
There are even thoughtful people who look into the future and think about things such as America’s longterm status as a nation, about our
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV
i
future as a people, and about what will happen to our civilization. I consider myself one of these people, and I believe that I have much more company now than I did as recendy as a year ago.
An important aspect of this growing awareness of the Jewish role in things is that it isn’t confined to America. It’s worldwide. In Europe, it has reached the grass-roots level. It’s not just thoughtful people in Europe who are reacting to the Jews and to the politicians now. I’m not suggesting that there is any sort of general awakening among the lemmings. That simply won’t happen until the Jewish stranglehold on the mass media is broken. But there are stirrings now by more ordinary people, whether they understand everything or not The natives in Europe are becoming resdess.
And in the Muslim world, restlessness has reached the thermonuclear level. If the present conflict between Jews and Palestinians continues at its present level of intensity for a few more months, governments will fell. And those who are governing know it They are bracing themselves. They are preparing themselves to switch roles. Instead of their present role — or their perceived present role — of lackeys of Jew-controlled America, they will adopt the role of patriots. One sees this quite clearly in the content and tone of the government-controlled media in countries such as Egypt and Syria and Saudi Arabia.
These countries know that they’re not strong enough to take on Israel and America. But the men in power also don’t want to be lynched as traitors by their own people. For a long time they have had to play a balancing game, trying to remain friendly with the American bully and at the same time keep their own people from becoming too resdess. But the balance is shifting now. Respect for America is lower than it ever has been, and fear of their own people is greater. And so the government-con-trolled media are saying things about the Jews that they haven’t said in the past, when they were more concerned about not displeasing America.
In feet, when one reads some of the things being published in Muslim
24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
countries about Jews now, one sees more than merely an effort to show the public that the government isn’t friendly with Jews: one almost can see a preparation for some sort of final showdown, almost a recognition by the governments involved that a final showdown with the Jews is imminent
All of this may seem far removed from the mess in Philadelphia, but it really isn’t, because the same people responsible for what has happened to Philadel-hia are responsible for what’s appening in Palestine. Let me oudine just the first part of a possible sequence of events. The Palestinian resistance continues, and the Jewish reprisals become even more atrocious. Public unrest in the Muslim countries continues to build. The Pakistani collaborator General Musharraf is assassinated, and the government of foldstan is taken over by militant Muslims who immediately halt all collaboration with the United States.
The Liberty Bell (and an all-White crowd from the 1950's)
The leaders of other Muslim governments are terrified that they may suffer Musharrafs fate too, arid so they also halt all collaboration with the United States. The Jews, increasingly desperate as they see their situation
deteriorating, demand that the United States immediately bomb and invade Iraq. Without the permission of Iraq’s neighbors, that can only be done by waging war against those neighbors as well. Thoughtful observers in Europe and in America, concerned now, will be vasdy more concerned then. And you can imagine where things might go from there.
Well, all of this is extremely speculative, but it is clear that many things happening in different parts of the world are tied together. We are living in interesting times.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Philadelphia and Uganda,” aired on May 11, 2002. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
A Third World War?
It’s interesting watching the government and the news media working together to condition the public to support a war against Iraq. This week’s issue of Time magazine — that’s the May 13 issue — has a painting of Saddam Hussein on the cover in which he looks like a sinister Colombian cocaine lord, with dark glasses, a straw hat, and a scowl. The story about him and his family inside gives us a pretty greasy image of the bunch: certainly not the sort of people you’d want living next door.
Is Time’s image of Saddam accurate, or is it a deliberately distorted caricature.7 I’ve never met Saddam or even spoken with anyone who does know him personally, so I can’t answer that question with certainty. But the same issue of Time magazine also presents a whitewash of Ariel Sharon’s muideroui incursion into the Jenin refugee camp. And, of course, the magazine is part of the Time-Wamer-CNN Jewish media conglomerate. Time’s editor-in-chief is
Norman Pearlstine. And all of the Jewish media are beating the war drums against Iraq. And so is everyone in the Bush government, from the Jews behind the scenes, like Paul Wolfowitz and Richard Perle, on up through the top figureheads, such as Donald Rumsfeld and George Bush.
What’s especially interesting to me about all of this is that it is a 180-degree change from the situation we had 30 years ago, during the Vietnam war. Then the media and the government, instead of being aligned as they are now, were direcdy opposed to each other, with the Jewish media making up what amounted to a cheering section for the Viet Cong. The equivalent today would be Fox News interviewing former Taliban officials instead of Defense Department bureaucrats and Israeli diplomats and for Time magazine to depict on its cover Ariel Sharon with a sinister expression instead of Saddam Hussein. Weil, that’s another story. What’s clear-today is that where Jew-
ish interests are concerned — where the Middle East is concerned — the news media and the government ate in lockstep. Perhaps you remember how, before the U.S. bombing of Afghanistan began last fall, all of the Jewish media were pushing hate propaganda against the Afghans, trying bard to convince the American public that we ought to bomb them.
There were television specials about how mean the Afghans were to their women. In one Kabul street scene that was broadcast over and over again in various anti-Afghan news segments, an Afghan man was shown ineffectually swinging what looked like a fan belt at the legs of a woman, presumably his wife. The implication was that this was typical of the way Afghan men treated their women. Bushs wife announced on television that we needed to “liberate” the Afghan women. Then, after a few weeks of intense hate propaganda by the media, the bombing began. And it looks as if that’s exacdy what they have in mind for Iraq.
<D 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/yca
Well, we expect that from the media. As long as they ate controlled by Jews they will support Jewish interests rather than American interests. Anyone who expects otherwise is living in a dream world. Mote disappointing is the behavior of the Gentile politicians and bureaucrats. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld seems Co be trying to outdo George Bush as the government’s champion liar. Rumsfeld has been raving all week about the need to “take out” Iraq as soon as possible, because Saddam Hussein is trying to develop weapons of mass destruction. We need to get rid of Saddam because he is a threat to the peace and security of the United States, et cetera. Every time I turn on Fox News, they have Rumsfeld or some other government “expert” warning us about the danger of not invading Iraq and getting rid of Saddam before he develops nuclear or biological weapons.
And every time I see or hear such propaganda I must repress the urge to shout: “And what about Israel, you lying SOB? What about Ariel Sharon? You pretend to be concerned about nuclear and biological weapons being in unauthorized hands, but Israel is the only country in that part of the world that has an unauthorized arsenal full of nuclear and biological weapons. You never mention the danger of a homicidal maniac such as Ariel Sharon having his hands on nuclear and biological weapons. Iraq never has attacked the United States, but Israel has. Have you forgotten already about Israel’s attempt to sink the USS Liberty and blame it on the Egyptians?”
Then, there is that pompous little bigot we have for an attorney general, John Ashcroft. He was on TV last Saturday giving a commencement speech at Catholic University in Washington, DC, and preaching a crusade against terrorism and terrorists. He was telling us how evil terrorists are, how different they are from us, how they hate everything we stand for, and how we must root them out and destroy them. Watching this grim, tight-lipped little religious fanatic rave against terrorists was an experience in surrealism. Does Ashcroft believe that Palestinians blow
FREE SPEECH for June 2002	13
The May 13th issue of Time
themselves up because they like to do that sort of thing? Does he believe they would be using suicide bombers if the Jews didn’t have an occupation army in Palestine and weren’t killing Palestinian women and children and bulldozing Palestinian homes? Does he believe that they would be strapping explosives on their own women and sending them into Jewish restaurants and discos if they had tanks and F-16s and Apache helicopters like the Jews are using against them?
And when Ashcroft rages self-righteously about waging war against state-sponsored terrorism, he never mentions the state that sponsors more terrorist activity than any other, and that is Israel. Perhaps Saddam Hussein would like to sponsor terrorism against other countries, but it is Israel, not Iraq, that actually sends teams of trained assassins into other countries to kill and to terrorize: into Jordan to squirt poison into the ear of a popular Muslim cleric or into Lebanon to use a car bomb to kill a potential witness against Ariel Sharon in a war-crimes trial.
Well, of course, Bush and Rumsfeld and Ashcroft and all the rest of that slippery crew understand these things. I never have said that they should be hanged for being stupid or ill-informed but for being liars and
traitors; they should be hanged for letting American interests go to hell while they scramble to serve the Jews at America’s expense. And now they’re hell-bent on dragging us into another war because that’s what the Jews want — certainly not because it will benefit America.
And I have to tell you that I have mixed feelings about all of this. On the one hand, I am automatically, instinctively against anything that the Jews and their collaborators in Washington are for. If they want us to fight another war for them, I’m automatically against it If they tell us that Saddam Hussein is an evil person and ought to be killed, my reaction is that there has to be something good about anyone they hate so much. But I also try to be cold-blooded and rational about these things. Anti-Jewish feeling is stronger now, all around the world, than it has been in a long time, and the basic reason for this very welcome development is the servile obedience of the Bush government to Jewish demands.
It’s the U.S. government allowing itself to be used by Israel that caused the September 11 attack, that resulted in the war against Afghanistan, that 1 has emboldened the Israelis to brutal- 1 ize and repress the Palestinians even more than usual, that is leading us toward a war against Iraq, and that may yet lead us into a Third World War. All of these things in themselves are undesirable, and yet they are having an overall good effect by raising i anti-Jewish feeling, and that in the I long run may outweigh everything else.	«•	|
It’s like Affirmative Action. The forced integration of Blacks into out1 White society in America has had many evil effects. Easily the worst of these effects has been the increase in miscegenation, the increase in mon-grelization. But Affirmative Action has been the most irritating aspect of racial integration for many White Americans:	the most unpopular
aspect Many ordinary White Americans are willing to accept miscegenation, in some cases because their churches tell them that that’s what Jesus wants, and in other cases because they don’t feel personally threatened by it But they do feel
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
threatened by Affirmative Action. They feel that it’s fundamentally unfair to take jobs or promotions away from Whites and give them to less-qualified Blacks just because they’re Blacks. They feel that it might deprive them personally of employment or of a higher salary. And so my attitude toward Affirmative Action is, right on! The more the better! White Americans need to be irritated by the racial problem.
I feel the same way about the new campaign that Blacks are pushing to obtain reparations for slavery. It sounds like a really stupid idea with no merit at all. I mean, if anybody should pay reparations, Blacks should pay them to us for bringing their ancestors over here from the African jungle, teaching them the rudiments of personal hygiene, tripling their life expectancies, putting them on welfare, and tolerating their criminal behavior for the past 400 years. But Blacks want trillions of dollars — and I mean trillions — in reparations for the unpaid labor of their slave ancestors, and they figure that now that White men have become such a spineless bunch of wimps, this is a good time to push for it
Of course, most Whites still don’t feel threatened by the reparations campaign; it still seems to them more theoretical than real. But the campaign is gaining momentum, and I think that it’ll have a really salutary effect on most White Americans when it finally dawns on them that they’re being asked to cough up a sizable piece of change for Blacks who, they feel, already have gotten more than enough from them. So I’m hop-ing that the reparations campaign will continue growing and that it will cause a lot of irritation.
I believe that many racially conscious White Americans will agree with me that it’s worth putting up with Affirmative Action and reparations, just so Blacks as a whole will be seen as a threat by Whites who might otherwise be tempted to tolerate them. I believe that many patriotic Americans can see the silver lining in the September 11 attack that served as a walk-up call for all Americans and convinced many who needed to be convinced that we must regain control
f
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
of our government, that we must get the Jews off our back.
But a Third World War? Am I really willing to accept a Third World War just so more people will become conscious of the danger of permitting the Jews to control our government? Isn’t that like throwing the baby out with the bath water?
If we back off a bit and look at our situation realistically and from a viewpoint that takes in the whole picture, one of the first things we realize is that we already are involved in a worldwide war — or at least, a racewide war. Up through the end of the
19 century, our people ruled the world unchallenged. And then came a century of self-destructive insanity. Two fratricidal world wars of unprecedented destructiveness and the rise of
communism stand out in the 20th century. We killed off tens of millions of our own people in these wars, and Jewish communists killed tens of millions more in a selective way, deliberately butchering the best of our people in an effort to make us easier
to rule. The 20^ century was the century during which the mass media rose to dominate the thinking of the masses of our people — and fell into Jewish hands.
The 20th century also was a century of unprecedented scientific and technological progress for our people. We made enormous strides forward in transportation, manufacturing, communications, agriculture, the eradication of disease, and weaponry. If in addition to our technological advances we had retained control of our mass media, not let ourselves be lied into two world wars, and nipped Jewish Marxism in the bud, we would be in an absolutely unassailable position now.
But we did let the Jews gain a stranglehold on our mass media of news and entertainment. We did let ourselves be lied into two world wars. We didn’t stamp out communism before it had wreaked a dreadful toll. And we let all of our technology be turned against us. We gave it away to other races, foolishly thinking that we were being good Samaritans. We went into the Third World and helped the non-Whites there control the diseases
that were keeping their populations in check. We showed them how to increase their agricultural production so that they could support vasdy larger populations. We permitted them to replace their spears and sticks and stones with modem weapons that we had invented.
The result, of course, was a population explosion among the non-White races, so that they now outnumber us 12 to one around the world. And this non-White population explosion that we foolishly caused has resulted in the destruction of our planet’s tropical rain forests and other natural habitats and the extinction of thousands of species of plants and animals. White Americans don’t pay much attention to this because it is happening mosdy in Africa, Asia, and Latin America, but I find it distressing. Even if the explosion of Black and Brown races didn’t pose a direct competitive threat to the White race for breeding and living space on the planet, I gready prefer a world with more rain forest and more big cats and members of other nonhuman species, and fewer Black, Brown, and Yellow featherless bipeds.
Some of the cleverest of our own people now are making great efforts to find an AIDS vaccine that will halt the plague that otherwise might trim the Black population of Africa back to a more manageable size. Others are concerned about more efficient ways of getting relief supplies to parts of the Third World that are suffering from chronic famine. Microsoft chairman Bill Gates, certainly an otherwise intelligent man, has given hundreds of millions of dollars for medical aid to lower the death rate among African infants and children. All of this is suicidal insanity.
Of course, we have other problems that seem much more pressing, but the problems of habitat destruction and species extinction caused by the overpopulation in the non-White parts of the worid will catch up with us very soon. We are sharing the dwindling resources of this planet with for too many non-Whites. It’s pretty clear that to deal effectively with these global problems we need to reorient the way in which most of our people look at the world. We all need
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for June 2002
15
Which would you prefer to see more of?
to understand that we still are as much subject to Nature’s laws as we ever were. We all need to understand that we are living in a finite world and are competing with other races for survival in this world. We need Co root out the egalitarianism, the “we’re all one species” nonsense, the whin-ing “why can’t we all just learn to get along with each other?” lunacy that has pervaded our policies toward other races and replace it with a hard-headed racial survivalism.
There are two ways to go about this. One way is for us to let ourselves be pushed into a Third World War. That might go something like this: The Jews continue their insistence that the United States use its military power to bomb and to invade Iraq and to set up a puppet government, more or less as we have done in Afghanistan. The ever-obedient Bush government goes along, using bases in Saudi Arabia. Outraged Muslim militants in Pakistan stage a coup there and lynch all of th? politicians and bureaucrats who have been collaborating with the United States. U.S. military units that had been operating inside Pakistan in the hunt for Afghan patriots are ambushed by Pakistani military units and butchered. The Bush government retaliates by bombing Karachi. Frightened Saudi leaders demand that the U.S. military units stationed in Saudi Arabia for the assault on Iraq leave immediately. The Bush government, on orders from Ariel Sharon, refuses. OPEC imposes a total oil embargo on the United States and threatens similar embargoes on any countries in Europe that collaborate with the United States in the assault on Iraq. That includes Germany, which serves as a staging area for the U.S. military in its assault on countries in the Middle East There is rioting in German cities as German citizens protest being dragged into the U.S. war against Israel’s enemies, and at the same time a wave of Muslim suicide bombings takes place in the United States, mostly in crowded shopping malls, killing hundreds of Sally Soccer-moms.
North Korea decides to take advantage of the U.S. problems at home, in Europe, and in the Middle
East, and invades South Korea. The Bush government threatens a nuclear strike unless the North Koreans withdraw immediately. The Chinese government decides the time has come to take possession of Taiwan and does not believe that the United States will try to wage nuclear war against China and North Korea at the same time.
Well, you can use your imagination to complete the scenario. The good news that could come from a Third World War is that with an end to intervention by misguided White do-gooders, AIDS, famine, and cannibalism would be able to whitde the African population back down to pre-colonial levels pretty quickly. Some European governments certainly would be overthrown, and perhaps in a few cases patriotic governments would replace them. In the United States, just about anything might happen. At least, no more welfare checks would be going out, and the urban rabble would be eating each other.
No matter what developed, however, it hardly could lead to anything worse than leaving the present course of events on track, because that course leads to certain extinction for our people. A Third World War would at least reshuffle the cards.
There is, of course, a better way, and that is to break the Jewish stranglehold on our mass media, regain
control of our government, and then follow a rational plan to do with surgical precision and with much less destruction of our planet that for which a Third World War might or might not lay the groundwork. That’s the way I have chosen. It’s certainly not an easy way, but it is a way that becomes surer and surer as more and more decent and responsible White men and women join me along this path.
I have prepared a video presentation that oudines my path. If you find my American Dissident Voices broadcasts interesting, I think that you’ll also find my 51-minute video presentation interesting too. I’d like to send you a copy to view for yourself and to share with your friends. Send $5 to National Vanguard Books for the compact-disk version of this presentation or $10 for the VHS cassette version. If you’re outside the United States, make that $6 and $15 respectively. Ask for my 51-minute video presentation.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “A Third Worid War?,” aired on May 18, 2002. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2002 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year