Free Speech cfr
Founded 1994 by Dr. William L. Pierce	Volume X, Issue	XII
$ 4.00	December	2004
At one time, the terror was the Inquisition.
In one century, Galileo is being sentenced by the Inquisition and, in another, he is being honored on a bank note. Today the terror is Political Correctness: A Shift from Christian dogma to Social Marxist dogma.
/•. :VV' '	FA	237224	R
“Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.” - John Adams, 1765
3oes Germany Have a Bi-Polar Disorder?
The Jewish dominated I media loves to show movies and “documentaries” featuring Nazi book burning ceremonies. They also like to push the line, “Where | they bum books, they will soon be burning people.” Unfortunately, if you publish a j book in present day Germany questioning the government-sanctioned version of who, how and, how many were burned by whom, for what reason, through death caused by what during the Nazi period, your book may be burned and you will be sent to prison.
As George Orwell pointed out in a book written just after World War II, 1984, in regard to falsifying history: whoever controls the present -controls the past; and whoever controls the past - controls the future.
Germany lurches from one extreme to another with censorship depending on who is in power: It’s bipolar.
Following these comments is an article written by German chemist Germar Rudolf, who, as of my writing, was picked up by the U.S. immigration authorities for possible deportation to Germany to face thought crime charges in “democratic" Germany. Visit his website at www.germarrudolf.com
This a chart of criminal prosecutions in “democratic” Germany provided by Germar Rudolph based on statistics provided by the German Government:
Lewis Doherty, Editor
Year	Right	Left	Foreign
1994	5,562	185	235
1995	6,555	256	276
1996	7,585	557	818
1997	10,257	1,063	1,029
1998	9,549	1,141	1,832
1999	8,698	1,025	1,525
13,863	979
8,874	429
2000
2001
525 353 467 1,340
Total:	90,395	6,397	8,886
2002	9,807	331
2003	9,692	431
Sun,
5.982
7,087
8.960
17349
12,522
11.248
15,367
9,656
10,605
11,463
105,678
. Right- "Offenses with right wing extremist background,’ that is: "Propaganda Offenses" and Stimng up the Peonle” • Left- "Offenses with left wing extremist background," generally referred to as "other offenses"
• Foreign: offenses committed by foreign extremists, mainly against the German law of organizatiom ("Vereinsgesetz") by Kurds in the prohibited Kurdish Liberation Army PKK[37]
Censorship in Germany? Never! Unless...
By Germar Rudolf
Prologue
In German history, censorship unfortunately has been more of a rule than an exception. It was introduced by the Catholic Church in the form of the Inquisition. However, it was left lo the well-known Austrian statesman Mcttermch to perfect the system of suppressing freedom of speech by means of a comprehensive spy and surveillance siifin1*11 \ Neither the German Empire nor the Wssnssr feepubhe were particularly toll us incur deslings wdb mwelconte llw<Mi<4jl but me worst reputation was dodbiks* noqeieed by the Tntrd Retch, which managed.
twelve seers of Ms existence, lo black-list some
Germar Rudolf
Free Speech
10,000 books. While these books were not burned, the} did disappear from the shelves of bookstores, to be ban ished to library archives.[2]
But what is not nearly as well known is the fac that it was the Allied ‘liberators’ of Germany who stage* the greatest campaign of book destruction that mankim had ever seen. Among the victims of Allied displcasur were 34,645 titles as well as. comprehensively, all schoc textbooks published between 1933 and 1945; not onb were these no longer permitted to be printed and sold a fie the war - they also had to vanish from the archives of man} libraries !3] In the years from 1946 to 1952, the Soviet Occupation Power published four such lists (“Lisle dci •uttusondemden Literature or list of proscribed litera-Uune) of titles earmarked for destruction. In accordance with the instruct ions in the censors’ introduction to the second and third volumes, the first three of these fists also wcant into force in the western Occupation Zones.
Continued on Page 17
December 2(KM
December 2004
Publisher Shaun Walker
Editor Lewis Doherty
Senior Writer Jim Ring
Writer Kevin Strom
National Alliance Webmistress Evelyn Hill
Patrick Martin Distribution
Contents:
Does Germany Have a
Bipolar Disorder?
by Lewis Doherty,.........2
Censorship in Germany?
Never! Unless...
by Germar Rudolf,.........2
Benjamin	Freedman:
Defector from Jewish Supremacism, part 3 by Kevin Alfred Strom..............4
Blood on the Frost:
Never Forget the Hmong Massacre by Kevin Alfred Strom.....................8
As the Sun Stands Still by Kevin Alfred Strom....12
New Commitment: 2005 by Kevin Alfred Strom....14
Free Speech P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946 www.natall.com
Letters to the editor, articles, comments and other submissions can be sent electronically (preferred method) in e-mail bodies but not as attachments to freespeech@natvan.com or mailed to the above address. Submissions used by Free Speech become the property of National Vanguard Books.
Free Speech is published monthly for supporters of American Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4. Ten copies (of the same issue) $10. Basic subscription $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, those who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast. Please make checks out to National Vanguard Books.
Copyright 2005 the National Alliance. All rights reserved. Any use in whole or in part without the express written permission of the National Alliance is forbidden.
Resistance Records
Those who purchase Resistance Records products are not merely consumers of a product, and Resistance is not merely a distributor of a product. Resistance Records, its bands, and its supporters are fighting a war to awaken the survival instincts in a dying people.
We are asking you to do your part. Many of you subscribe to Resistance magazine, but many do not. For only $20, you get four issues of the best music magazine in the world. Subscribe and share your magazines with relatives and co-workers. Give it to some poor, little wigger in your neighborhood; you may be saving his life.
Any issue from #9 up is available for $2.50 apiece if you buy 10 or more copies (mixed issues allowed). Join with a friend or two and commit to buying ten or more issues a month. Can you imagine the impact of a steady stream of Resistance magazines circulating among the kids in your neighborhood? If you have not subscribed, please do. Buy in bulk and distribute them to local kids or get your local music stores to carry it. Resistance is operated by members of the National Alliance (www.natall.com), so all your money is going to help spread our message to people of European descent everywhere. Together we can help make the difference necessary for the survival of our race. Thank you for your support.
P.O. BOX 67 - HILLSBORO, WV - 24946 - USA www.resistance.com
December 2004
3
Free Speech
enjamin Freedman: Defector from jeWkh upremacism, part 3	"
Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of December 4, 2004
On last week's broadcast I >egan the long-lost 1975 article by fewish defector Benjamin H. Freedman, "Why Congress is Crooked or Crazy or Both." On today's program we present the second and concluding segment of this piece. Today you'll learn the inside story on how the Jewish power structure has been misusing American citizens and soldiers for almost 100 years — and how their intrigues brought the US into both world wars and into a dangerous alliance with Israel which
Voices, [http ://www.natvan. com/free-speech/fsO 101 a.html] [http://www.nat van.com/national-vanguard/assort-ed/newworldorder.html]
Why Congress is Crooked or Crazy or Both (self-published, New York, 1975)
by Benjamin H. Freedman Founder, 1946, League for Peace with Justice in Palestine
Mr. James A. Malcolm was an Oxford-educated Armenian who had been appointed to take charge of Armenian interests during and after the War. In his official capacity as advisor to the British Government on
now has brought us to the brink of Eastern affairs... he had frequent con-
World War III.
You'll understand that the Jewish power structure supported Germany initially, since the Kaiser's Germany was probably the most pro-Jewish country in Europe — but that they betrayed their friends the instant they saw an advantage in doing so, and that advantage came when Britain promised Palestine to the Zionists.
You’ll see that even in 1917, Jewish power was so great that when Britain wanted to influence US foreign policy, they went to Jewish leaders — not Americans — to get what they wanted.
You'll learn how actual blackmail over a love affair was used by the Jews against President Wilson. You'll see how powerful Jews used the leverage they had over the President whose secrets they knew to get one of their tribe appointed for the first lime to the US Supreme Court.
To understand what has happened to America — why we are making war against those who never made war on us in the Middle East — and why our government puls the interests of Jews and other aliens above the interests of American citizens — sit back, relax, and leant the real history of our times presented by an irtstder who lived it, Mr. Benjamin Freedman, next on American	Pi %% idem
tact with the Cabinet Office, the Foreign Office, the War Office and the French and other Allied embassies in London and made visits to Paris for consultation with his colleagues and leading French officials.
He was passionately devoted to an Allied victory. While his home in London was being bombed by the Germans in 1944, he prepared the following account which speaks for itself. Mr. Malcolm feared he would not survive, and prepared the following which he deposited in the British Museum for the benefit of posterity. It has become one of the most important documents explaining how the United States was railroaded into World War I, and follows here:
During one of my visits to the War Cabinet Office in Whitehall Gardens in the late summer of 1916 / found Sir Mark Sykes less buoyant than usuaL.. / enquired what was troubling him... tH/e spoke of military deadlock in France, the growing menace of submarine warfare, the unsatisfactory situation which was developing in Russia and the general bleak outlook/T/he Cabinet was looking anxiously for United States intervention.*+»
ffije had thought of enlisting the substantial Jewish influence the United States but had been
unable to do so... [Rjepom fim America revealed a very pro-German tendency among the wealthy American-Jewish bankers and bond houses, nearly all of German origin, and among Jewish journalists who took their cue from them... I inquired what special argument or consideration had the Allies put forward to win over American Jewry... Sir Mark replied that he made use of the same argument as used elsewhere, vii, that we shall eventually win and it was better to be on the winning side...
I informed him that there was a way to make American Jewry thoroughly pro-Ally, and make them conscious that only an Allied victory could be of permanent benefit to Jewry all over the world... I said to him, fYou are going the wrong way about it., do you know of the Zionist Movement?*... Sir Mark admitted ignorance of this movement and 1 told him something about it and concluded by saying, fYou can win the sympathy of the Jews everywhere in one way only, and that way is by offering to try and secure Palestine for them9... Sir Mark was taken aback. He confessed that what / had told him was something quite new and most impressive...
He told me that Lord Milner was greatly interested to learn of the Jewish Nationalist movement but could not see any possibility of promising Palestine to the Jews... 1 replied that it seemed to me the only way to achieve the desired result, and mentioned that one of President Wilson9s most intimate friends, for whose humanitarian views he has the greatest respect, was Justice Brandeis of the Supreme Court, who was a cnJ vinced Zionist...
u, „ IJ^^uld obtain from the
Cabinet an assurance that heln would be given towards
Palestine for the Jews
sec
|nring it was certain
in
that Jews in all neutral countries would become pro-British and pro-Ally**. 1 said / thought it would be sufficient if / were personally
con-
IJecember 2004
Free Speech
4
vinced of the sincerity of the Cabinet's intentions so that I could go to the Zionists and say, 'If you help the Allies, you will have the support of the British in securing Palestine for the Jews'...
[A] day or two later, he informed me that the Cabinet had agreed to my suggestion and authorized me to open negotiations with the Zionists ... the messages which were sent to the Zionist leaders in Russia were intended to hearten them and obtain their support for the Allied cause... other messages were sent to Jewish leaders in neutral countries and the result was to strengthen the pro-Allied sympathies of Jews everywhere...
[A] wealthy and influential anti-Zionist Jewish banker there was shown the telegram announcing the provisional promise of Palestine to the Jews... he was very much moved and said, 'How can a Jew refuse such a gift?'...
fAJll these steps were taken with the full knowledge and approval of Justice Brandeis, between whom and [Zionist leader] Dr. Weizmann there was an active interchange of cables... [AJfter many anxious weeks and months, my seed had borne fruit and the Government had become an ally of Zionism... the Declaration is dated 2nd November, 1917, and is known to history as the Balfour Declaration... its obligation to promise British help for the Jews to obtain Palestine, [http://www.mis-conduct.org/11 .htm] [http://users.cybe rone.com.au/myers/balfour.html] [http ://tinyurl. com/3 lpy s
Chaim Weizmann notified the leading Zionist in the USA, Supreme Court Justice Louis Dembitz Brandeis, that Great Britain had promised Palestine to "the Jews of the World" if President Wilson would declare war on Germany and come into the war as Great Britain’s ally.
Supreme Court Justice Brandeis had been appointed to the United States Supreme Court at the suggestion of the powerful Jewish attorney Mr. Samuel Untermyer. Mr. Untermyer had been retained by a former sweetheart of then-President Woodrow Wilson to bring a breach-

of-promise action against him shortly after he was installed in the White House. Mr. Untermyer's client was seeking forty thousand dollars from President Wilson which he was unable to raise. To be of assistance to his friend. President Wilson, in the predicament in which he found himself, Mr. Untermyer volunteered to pay the forty-thousand dollars to President Wilson’s former sweetheart from his personal funds if in return President Wilson promised to appoint to the first vacancy on the United States Supreme Court the person Mr. Untermyer designated.
The day soon arrived when the vacancy on the Court occurred. Mr. Untermyer submitted the name of his friend, Louis Dembitz Brandeis, a [Jewish] Boston lawyer, to fill the vacancy. Mr. Untermyer explained that he was motivated by the fact that no Jew had ever occupied a seat on the United States Supreme Court, and for that reason he would like to see Mr. Brandeis appointed.
President Wilson and Justice Brandeis both knew the circumstances under which his appointment took place. They became close personal friends. President Wilson came to rely upon Justice Brandeis as an advisor in matters of state. When Chaim Weizmann confided in Justice Brandeis that he had made this arrangement with the British War Cabinet, he also told President Wilson that Germany had supplied provoca-
tion and justification for a US declaration of war against Germany. [But] President Wilson was running for re-election that year under the slogan "He Kept Us Out of War." Justice Brandeis was unable to urge President Wilson to declare war against Germany at that time. Further evidence of German "guilt" was needed. [And so, it was provided.]
The publicity given to the alleged attack by Germany on the S.S. Sussex passenger ferry plying between Dover and Calais and the loss of 38 American lives led to the declaration of war by the USA against Germany on April 6, 1917. The S.S. Sussex had actually been concealed in a small port in the north of England and no American lives had been lost. The entrance of the USA into the war as Great Britain's ally in World War I resulted in the crushing defeat of Germany in 1918.
After the entry of the USA into the war in Europe the attitude of many Jews in Germany underwent a change. Since the enactment in 1840 of the Emancipation Edict, the Jews in Germany [had been] accorded equal rights with other German citizens. They were free from the quota systems prevailing in all other countries of Europe. The Jews from all other countries in Europe where the quota system was practiced flocked to Germany in great numbers for education and business. Prior to the Balfour declaration, most Jews were pro-
Justice Louis Brandeis and President Woodrow Wilson.
December 2004
5
Free Speech
jerman. But when International Zionism got its promise of Palestine from Britain, everything changed. Jews, including many Jews in Germany, worked in every way possible for a German defeat. That, along with the extremely crippling and vindictive terms of the 1918 peace, was the main underlying cause for much of the anti-Jewish feeling in Germany after the war. Thus Jewish intrigues to obtain Palestine for themselves determined the outcome of World War I and also set the stage for World War
B
President Franklin D. Roosevelt liquidated his obligations to the Jews by maneuvering the USA into World War II. Germany offered the USA no justification or provocation to enter the war then in progress in Furope. President Roosevelt was hard-pressed to find an excuse to declare war on Germany. President Roosevelt was being pressed in the USA by the Jews to enter the war - a difficult proposition in a mostly antiwar US and without any provocation or justification by Germany.
The hand-written diary of the Hon. Henry L. Stimson, President Roosevelt's Secretary of Defense, can be examined in the room in Yale University reserved for his papers. In his diary, Stimson states how President Roosevelt managed to railroad the USA into World War II in Europe against Germany. President Roosevelt was compelled to railroad the USA into the war against Germany, in Stimson's words, "through the back door."
In Secretary Stimson's diary he recalls a Cabinet meeting called by President Roosevelt to explain how he warned to provoke a war with Japan but that he did not want it to appear
the USA "fired the first shot." President Roosevelt's reason for provoking a war with Japan was to be at war with Germany. Japan, Germany, and Italy had a Tri-Partite agreement. That agreement provided that if either Japan, Germany or Italy were at warl that the other two would go to war simultaneously with the same enemy. [http://www.ihr.org/jhr/v20/v20n6p70 _Okeefe.html] [http .V/www.amcon-mag.com/09_08_03/buchanan.html]
When President Roosevelt provoked Japan to attack the USA at Pearl Harbor by denying scrap steel and oil exports to Japan, who was then at war with China, the USA was, by treaty, immediately at war with Germany also. The formal declaration of war followed. Germany had done nothing to the USA to warrant a declaration of war against her. The foregoing indicates the manner in which the USA might become a party in World War III although doing nothing to justify or provoke it.
Upon the death of President Franklin D. Roosevelt in April 1945, Harry S. Truman became President of the USA. President Truman is guilty of two acts that did more to undermine the reputation of the USA throughout the world than most Americans realize. President Truman recognized the armed uprising in Palestine by the six hundred thousand illegally transplanted Zionists as the spurious so-called "State of Israel," and he gave the order to drop the atom bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
President Truman's political history prior to his election as the Senator from Missouri was limited to his experience as a ward-heeler in Kansas City in the service of Tom Pendergast, the political boss of that town, whose career ended in prison.
Before entering politics President Truman had failed in the haberdashery business. A promissory note given to his creditors to avoid bankruptcy was paid by Truman's friends to the bank which held the note to avoid public repudiation of the note prior to his becoming President of the USA.
President Truman was apparently willing to move heaven and earth to be elected President of the USA in his own right in the 1948 election. His reputation was a great handicap. The odds against his being elected President of the USA in the 1948 election were 40 to 1. President Truman then sought the assistance of the invisible and invincible political underworld of the Jews, with whom he had enjoyed a relationship for many years, and he lost no time in entering into an arrangement with them to support him in the 1948 election, [though he would later state that he resented their hold on him.] The Jewish Chronicle of London in its April 10, 1958 issue published a blow-by-blow three-page account of how President Truman secured the support of the Jews. The account in the Chronicle was written by the Honorable Eliahu Elath, Israeli Ambassador to the Court of St. James. Ambassador Elath on May 14, 1948 was the representative of the Jewish Agency at their Washington, D.C. office.
In his article Ambassador Elath recalled his conversations with Mr. Clark Clifford, at that time a member of the White House staff and one of President Truman's confidential advisors often detailed for "special duties" - matters regarded as requiring tact and patience at the White House. When President Truman was elected, Mr. Clark
The 88 page June 2005 National Vanguard Book Catalogue is out featuring the most complete and up to date listing of Politically Incorrect books available anywhere. Several
c<»n/i «3 for one or $8 for 20 copies to share with others to P.O. Box 90 * Hillsboro, W V 24946
Free Speech
December 2004
Clifford was then a young lawyer practicing in St. Louis who had moved to Washington and "soon established for himself a solid position at the White House." [http://www.washington-report.org/backissues/1298/9812049. html]
Ambassador Elath's article continues "On the morning of Friday, May 14, 1948 about 11 A.M. my secretary came into my room at the Washington office of the Jewish Agency and said 'Mr. Clark Clifford of the White House is on the line and would like to speak to you.'" The following conversation ensued:
Clifford: "Can you tell me what the situation now is? Will you be proclaiming the establishment of your state as has been stated? "
Elath: "I have no doubt we shall; in fact, I am expecting to get an official statement to that effect any minute now:"
Ambassador Elath states that it could be assumed that their "Declaration of Independence" had already been proclaimed during the morning. He stated it was thus probable that the "Act of Independence" would become effective only when the British Mandate over Palestine expired at midnight, to which Mr. Clifford replied:
If that is so, then I can inform you personally that the President had decided to recognize your State from the hour of its birth.
If President Truman had not entered into this illegal, immoral, and criminal conspiracy with Ambassador Elath on behalf of "the Jews of the world," the two hundred million grass-roots Americans would not be suffering the consequences of the existence of the spurious so-called "State of Israel." The source of the pressure brought to bear on President Truman for him to order the atom bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki is equally spectacular but not necessary and can be deferred without any harm to the public interest.
There will be no winners in World War III. There will be no winners anywhere in the world. Those who survive World War III will live to regret they did. The two hundred million grass-roots Americans will learn what defeat means in a nuclear war. Their blind spot is their inability to understand the pressure upon Congress exerted by the Jews.
The promise of Palestine by Great Britain to "the Jews of the world" was dishonest and dishonorable. Great Britain never owned a stick or stone in Palestine. The promise of Palestine gave nothing away because the Rothschilds and other Jewish financiers were in effect promising it to themselves when the promise was made to "the Jews of the world."
By what stretch of the imagination has Congress since May 14,
1948 justified the USA attitude toward the desire by the Christians and Moslems of the indigenous population of Palestine to enjoy their legitimate rights? When the occupying countries were compelled to withdraw from Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Indonesia, India, Indo-China, the Congo, and Tanganyika did the US Congress support illegally-transplanted thieves and murderers with countless billions of dollars and the most modem military equipment to invade and occupy any of these countries which had proclaimed themselves as independent sovereign states? No, the indigenous populations of those countries were given independence and self-determination. Why was it different with Palestine? There is only one answer: Jewish power.
This author supplied every member of every Congress since 1946 with countless documents establishing beyond all question of any doubt the legitimate rights of the indigenous Christian and Moslem population of Palestine for 17 centuries. The question remains unanswered:	Was
Congress crooked or crazy or both?
You have been listening to the words of Jewish insider and defector from the Jewish power structure Mr. Benjamin H. Freedman.
BRING OUR TROOPS HOME STICKER
Although being right or wrong has nothing to do with being in the majority or minority, here is an opportunity to support, what happens to be in this case, majority positions. Most Americans want the placing of troops on the border to stop illegal immigration. A steadily increasing majority of Americans want our troops to be brought home from Iraq. So for those who want to be both right and be in the majority, here is your opportunity. This is a great wedge issue to expose the public to the truth about the malevolent forces which run the country by showing how their interests compare with the White public’s and how these forces steer the media and government. Let’s use the “bandwagon effect” to run the bandwagon over our enemies.
100 stickers for $6.00, postage included.
Item #1389
	
BRING our TROOPS HOME and PUT THEM on the MEXICAN BORDER!	
NATIONAL ALLIANCE POB90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Check our website: www.natall.com Send $6 for 100 stickers postpaid (ask for # 1389)
December 2004
7
Free Speech
Blood on the Frost:
Never Forget the Hmong Massacre
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of December 11,2004
Six sharp cracks rang out over the frozen Wisconsin landscape three weeks ago. Six White hunters fell dead at the hand of a Hmong tribesman who lived in nearby St. Paul, Minnesota. Like the cliche of crime fiction, the hunters had become the hunted. But this was no adventure novel. This was real. This was the dark side — the very real dark side ~ of multiracialism and multicultural-ism. Here in the Wisconsin woods a price was paid: six lives. Here among the cold brown meadows, big-eyed deer, and piney groves a lesson was teamed about who we are and where wc stand. Here at the cusp of winter we saw die abyss of endless night.
Both of my parents were Minnesota farm kids, so I feel close to the situation even though I live in Virginia. I know the culture and the people of the northern Midwest, and with all their virtues and their vices, love them. 1 hate to see them die. But that is what we're seeing. They were dying long before the Hmong tribesman, Chai Soua Vang, started pulling the trigger, of course, but the five White men and one White woman Vang killed on November 21st bring it all home to me. They place it all m focus, the sharp crystalline focus that only the northern winter sun can bring.
Left dead or wounded on the ground that day were a father and his son; two friends who worked together in a stock car racing team; a young woman and her father — the father survived; two local business partners and one of their friends and associates.
Bob Crotteau, 42, was a town official and the owner of a concrete and construction business in Haugen. Wisconsin. He died alongside ftus son, Joey Crotteau, who was only 20 years old. The elder Crotteau leaves behind
a wife and four other children. Young Joey was known as "a great kid" who loved the outdoors by his friends and classmates. He graduated from high school in 2002.
A1 Laski, 43, also died at the hands of Vang. He was a lumber supplier to some of his friends on the hunting trip, had worked for United Building Centers for 21 years, and was known to one and all as "a good neighbor." He leaves behind a wife, a son, and two daughters.
Mark Roidt, 28, and Denny Drew, 55, worked together in the pit team of a stock car racing crew. Roidt, a flooring installer, had thought about sleeping in and skipping this trip, according to family. But he loved the woods and had hunted with his father since he was 12 years old. He was one of the first to come to the aid of those first shot by Vang. He paid with his life. Drew was a salesman at the local Ford agency after having retired from the telephone company. Known as a jokester by his co-workers, he was successful as a salesman despite knowing little about the car business -- because he was so well-liked in the community, people wanted to buy from him. Drew had three children.
Jessica Willers, 27, was planning to get married when Vang ended her life. She and her fianc£ had just bought a home in a suburb of Green Bay. She was looking forward to this hunting trip, which included her father, Terry Willers. When her father was shot by Vang, she rushed to help him. Her reward was death.
Massacre survivor Lauren Hescbeck has indicated that reports in the controlled media are not telling the complete truth about this incident: *A lot of it is not true," he said. "But at this point, I just can’t discuss anything."
Vang is one of many thousands of near-Stone Age Hmong tribesmen from the jungles of Southeast Asia who were imported by the U.S. government after the failure of the Vietnam War. Vang, one o
1
Illliuilgs
iff .	.	-	u	Minnesota	and
Wisconsin alone, crossed the border
on the 21st of last month from Minnesota into nearby Wisconsin on a hunting trip, where he boldly occupied a tree stand belonging to the Crotteaus. Hmong, who warred with their neighbors even in Asia, are known to have little regard for - or understanding of - the European concept of private property.
Armed with his powerful rifle, Vang ignored the bright orange "no trespassing" signs and took up "squatter's rights" in the hunting platform.
When Vang was confronted by the Crotteaus, father and son, and told to leave the platform, instead of moving on, he shot them both. Before dying, the father managed to radio for help. Six of his hunting companions converged at the scene on two ATVs and were immediately fired upon by Vang. Those who were not hit fled into the woods but were chased down
and shot.
Unfortunately, the eight Whites had only one gun between them. It is believed that they only fired one shot in return, and that one
missed.
After killing the five Whites and wounding three, one fatally, the Hmong immigrant reversed his orange vest to the camouflage side to avoid capture, and attempted to flee the area. However, lost in the woods, he required the assistance of two more Whites to find his way out. Luckily for the two Whites, Vang was out of ammunition.
Vang made a statement to police in which he admits the killings, but says the group made "racist" com-
•iiviiw auu iuiu mm
■ iv* get on me property. As he walked away, he says he saw one White man point a gun at him and shoot. That's when he opened fire - he says. In his own statement Vang also admits that when he look«t up and saw one of the wounded Wh.V men was still standing he vell^t
him, "You're not dead yet?" vL„ .	*°
J v«ng says
he then shot one more time at the man, killing him.
Vang's brother, Sang Vang, 33, said the killer was provoked by derogatory racial comments. "He is a reasonable person," he said.
One of the witnesses, a hunter who was wounded in the shootings, gave a statement contradictory to Vang's. Lauren Hesebeck said a member of the hunting party shot at Vang only after he started firing at them and that no "racist" comments were made, according to court documents.
Sawyer County Sheriff James Meier said there is evidence that Vang was "moving around" — stalking his victims as they fled. "I can only assume by the location of the bodies and the type of woods they were in, that he would have had to be moving around in order to inflict that kind of damage on that many people," Meier said.
Meier also said that Vang fired over 20 rounds at the hunters from his semiautomatic, and that two victims were knocked from their all-terrain vehicles as they approached the scene, while others were "chased down" and shot in the back.
Vang, a bigamist with a legal wife and a so-called "cultural wife," is a part-time truck driver and the father of six children. He served in the U.S. Army for six years and speaks "pretty good English," according to his brother. According to the Milwaukee Sentinel, Vang achieved the status of "sharpshooter" while in the Army.
Vang had been arrested once before, on Christmas Eve 2001 in Minneapolis, after brandishing a gun and telling one of his wives he was going to kill her, said Ron Reier, a spokesman for the Minneapolis Police Department. He was arrested on a felony complaint of domestic assault, Reier said. He added there had been two domestic violence calls to his home in the past year, but both were "resolved without incident." Meanwhile, Fox News reported that Vang had been arrested twice for threatening with a firearm, but the charges were dropped when the girlfriend refused to testify.
Chai Vang is reportedly the son of Hmong leader General Vang
Pao, a well-known opium trafficker and former commander of the CIA's secret army in Laos from 1960 to 1975. No details are available as to where "General" Pao is at the present time.
Many of the Hmong consider General Pao to be a "hero" and have demanded that numerous parks and bridges [in both states] be named after him.
In February of 2003, the FBI released a law enforcement bulletin warning that throughout the United States, the level of Hmong criminal activity was increasing in severity. Here is a summary of some extracts from the FBI bulletin:
The Hmong have become involved in a wide range of crimes, such as homicides, gang rapes, prostitution, home invasions, burglaries, auto thefts, and, most recently, the sale and distribution of illicit drugs.
In the St. Paul/Minneapolis area during the summer of 1999, within about a 6-week period, at least 22 shootings were reported. Hmong gangs also present a violent threat to people who are not members of gangs. The most frequent and violent crimes against nongang members are rape and prostitution.
In Warren, Michigan, several members of a Hmong gang were arrested for repeatedly raping teenage girls who they had held prisoner for nearly 3 weeks. The victims came from Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan.
Vang's associates may have murdered before, too. The FBI, the Wisconsin Department of Justice, and various Minnesota-based	law
enforcement agencies are now looking for the Asian males who regularly accompany Vang on his yearly hunting trips into Wisconsin — the Hmong Massacre has drawn attention to a possible connection with these members of the "Hmong community" and a 2001 murder of a White man.
Three years ago, Jim South worth, 37, was found lying facedown in a pool of blood with two bullet holes in his back. Both high-velocity rounds passed right through him, leaving exit wounds in his chest. It was 23 November 2001 - the day after Thanksgiving.
Southworth was hunting on his family's 160 acre parcel in Clark County, Wisconsin; purchased by his great-grandfather decades earlier. He was last seen wearing a blaze orange jacket and carrying a rifle as he walked across the land to a portable tree stand.
That evening, concerned when he hadn't come home, his wife called his cell phone. No answer.
At first light the next day, a large group of volunteers found Southworth's body just 200 yards from his tree stand. His rifle was missing.
Southworth's wife, Janis, said.: There is only one way to describe this — we are devastated. Every day our two children are a reminder to me that Jim isn 't with us anymore, and he's not going to be with us to see them grow up.
Tom Southworth said: It's so hard to believe that you see your son one day and the next day he's gone. And then to realize that he had been murdered and you try to think why would somebody shoot somebody in the back, take his rifle and leave? What kind of person would do that?
Kerry Kim, a Clark County Sheriffs Detective, believes the victim may have spotted a trespasser, resulting in a confrontation. He said that witnesses saw a pickup truck with three "Asian" males inside, on the dead-end road near where the body was found — about 80 miles south of this November's massacre. The three Asians were described as ranging in height from 5-foot-4 to 6 feet. They were driving a silver or gray Nissan pickup truck, possibly a late 1980s model.
"To our knowledge, those are the only three people who we haven't identified who were in that area that day," said Sheriff Kim.
Vang is 5-foot-4-inches, according to a court document. DMV records show that he owns a 1987 Nissan pickup truck. Vang shot several of the Massacre victims in the back. Vang's rampage was sparked by a dispute over trespassing. Officials said that Vang was hunting with two other people before wandering off by himself onto private property.
December 2004
9
Free Speech
A retired FBI agent told the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel; "The odds of the two cases being unrelated are astronomical, 1 would say." Bob Dwyer, who now works as a private investigator, said the best way to tie two crimes together is to match weapons or bullets.
Meanwhile, more proof that Hmong have no respect for the concept of private property came when it was reported that Vang was ticketed for trespassing while hunting in Green Lake County, Wisconsin, in 2002. Vang and his Hmong hunting partner pleaded guilty and were given $244 citations. Vang never bothered to pay his ticket, according to the state’s Web site of court records. No one in the major media is asking why his Wisconsin hunting license was not revoked or suspended.
The St Paul Pioneer Press and the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel, local controlled media publications, did publish biographies of the victims, but such humanizing stories on the victims are rare and pictures of them are even rarer in the national media. The media bosses' main concern is to prevent any damage to the multiracialist agenda, to prevent White Americans from thinking dangerous thoughts such as doubting the wisdom of importing unlimited num-l bers of alien tribes from every comer of the Third World to take and occupy the land that ought to belong to our own children.[http://www.json-line.com/news/state/nov04/279721 .as p][http://www.monterey herald, com mId duluthsuperior/news/10252 334.htm][http://www.jsonline.com/ne ws/state/nov04/277848. asp]
One academic observer stat-ed:/'m from Wisconsin and remember reading a story on a local pastor in Wausau who thought that Wausau was 'too White' so we ought to import some Hmong to diversify the place a bit Now we realize that they get married when they are about IS and have a dozen children or so per woman, they don't acculturate, and are addicted to the welfare system. What a disaster for that part of the country.
Now that disaster has been made dramatically manifest. This is what you have been nestling at your
Free Speech
bosom, White America. This is what you have bled your own children to nurture and support.
One National Vanguard correspondent states:
I have checked a number of Wisconsin and Minnesota online news sites for pictures of the Hmong Massacre victims and have located very few. Nationally\ there appear to be no pictures of the White victims at all. And nowhere — not even on the local sites — are there pictures of the dead bodies of the victims, either at the medical examiner's office or at the massacre site itself.
Are the media moguls trying to suppress or limit the distribution of evocative personal images of a father and son and a woman who were among the White victims?
They are busy “humanizing” Vang as a “good man ” while ignoring the victims, whose pictures and personal stories, as well as the grief of their families, could initiate appropriate White ethnic responses.
In Ashland, Wisconsin, the Hmong Massacre inspired National Alliance members to distribute free educational materials concerning the dangers posed by unchecked Third World immigration.
The Alliance flyers violate a controlled media policy barring any mention of a possible race motive when Whites are victimized by non-Whites. The Ashland Daily Press responded by publishing a boilerplate editorial, describing the flyer distribution as "despicable" and the mass murder as merely "sad."
Meanwhile, dozens of controlled media outlets are spinning the slaughter as a "tragic clash of cultures." Blaming "racist" Whites for hurling ethnic slurs at Hmong hunters and "buying up all of the hunting land," leaving nothing for the poor Hmong.
Perhaps the most outrageous article appeared in the Pioneer Press and on Yahoo! News, describing Vang as a "respected leader, tirelessly helping his extended family and greeting others with a warm smile and kind words." They say "something must
10
have happened" - suggesting Vang was provoked and perhaps justi-
Vang was charged with six counts of first-degree intentional homicide and two counts of attempted first-degree intentional homicide -the maximum penalties he faces if convicted: six life terms plus 160 years. The "Hmong community" of St. Paul has hired a Jewish attorney, Stephen Kohn, to represent him. Kohn is already gearing up for a "race card" and "mental fitness" defense, bringing up the allegations that the dead Whites may have used a word not approved by the PC censors and that Vang is supposedly a "shaman" in the primitive Hmong religion, implying he may have been in some kind of mystical trance in addition to clothing the killer in the garb of "deep spirituality. " [http://www.iht. com/arti-cles/2004/12/0 l/news/hunter.html][ht
tp ://tinyurl. com/5uq3 e] [http ://www.c ommondreams.org/head-
lines04/1205-05 .htm]
Where is the humanization
and individualization of the victims in the controlled media? It is almost entirely absent. We get, instead the justification	(the mysteriously
unspecified "racial insult") and the tearful and "spiritual" humanization of the killer. The next time the pro-
c__•___i~?»	media
are telling you a story or asking you for one, remember this: people capable of this kind of unbelievable spin-doctoring and whitewashing of a murderer are capable of any kind of lie, any kind of crime. And remember that there is no other solution than the hard work of building White community and White media again: the work of the National Alliance.
Contributions for the families of the victims can be sent to:
Rice Lake Hunters Survivors and Victims Fund Dairy State Bank 16 South Main Street Rice Lake, Wisconsin 54868
USA
, „ „ J?y*hi,e' John Goth, and Jeff Hook, ^ National Vanguard	.
ers and editors, contributed to thi. report
eft
December 2004
As the Sun Stands Still
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of December 18, 2004
The spirit of this season runs deep for White men and women; let it be a season of rededication to the noble cause of the regeneration of our people.
This time of year, the Winter Solstice, is sacred to our people. It was considered sacred long before anyone formalized and systematized the deep feelings that we men and women of Europe had in our hearts about this season. There's something special about the white crystalline snow, the snap in the air, the warm hearth, the bright and happy faces of children gathered round the fragrant pine tree, and the tear in the eye that we older folks get when we remember Yuletides past. Even on the eve of a long winter, the magic of this season gives us a feeling of the joy and infinite preciousness of life.
We of Europe are essentially People of the North — Venice, Italy is further north than Minneapolis, Minnesota, for example. And it was the northern climate that shaped us in many ways over long ages of evolution. Europe is a place of dramatic seasonal changes (and, not coincidentally, so are many of the new homes that European man has staked out around the globe). And those seasonal changes were very important to our ancestors. They knew that they had to prepare for winter in summer's time of plenty, and any tribe which did not have the discipline or foresight to do so would perish — and its genes would no longer form part of the European gene pool. Thus Nature's hard lessons shaped us, upbred us, turned us from beings that could hardly be called human into beings that can contemplate the infinities of space and time and ponder the meaning of life. The seasons of Old Europe in fact, if we do not lose ourselves through racial mixing in the modem frontierless world we have built for ourselves, have given
us the power to strike out into a new frontier beyond this Earth.
Besides increasing the size of our frontal lobes, the climate of our little peninsula shaped our souls in many other ways, and among other things gave us a special feeling for the seasons, which marked every aspect of our lives: the riot of sex and life reborn in the spring; the glory and plenty of summer; the harvest labors, majesty, and melancholy of autumn; and the bleak vastness and purity of winter.
But our ancestors were observant people, and learned early on to watch the skies for signs of the cycles of the Earth. And while it was quite obvious that winter was the time of shorter days, what was not perhaps so immediately obvious except to the observant was that the southward passage of the sun ceased and then reversed itself right at the beginning of winter, giving a sign --even before the coldest days began -- that the longer and warmer days of spring were indeed on their way. This seeming paradox must have appeared as an almost magical event, a promise of life embedded in the nature of time and the universe itself. As the retreating sun changed direction, it lost its apparent momentum and seemed to "stand still" in the sky, rising and setting at almost the same position for several days running until it picked up speed going in the other apparent direction — back towards the north, making the days in our hemisphere longer again. This "time of the Sun standing still" is called the Winter Solstice, "solstice" being a combination of the Latin words for "Sun" and "to stand" (motionless). Stonehenge was built on a British plain by one branch of our ancestors some 4,000 years ago to mark the seasons by its alignment with the Sun and other heavenly bodies.
So this is an appropriate season reflect on the past, present, and future of our European race, the future of which is the prime concern of the organization to which I belong, the National Alliance.
In many ways, we face an uncertain winter — not a literal winter, but a dark age — a wintertime for which we as a people are ill-prepared.
When we allowed the Jewish minority to take control of our news and entertainment media in the last century, we did not know that they had an agenda, an agenda that included our dispossession and ultimate extinction. We foolishly thought that they were just an odd variety of White folks and would quickly blend in with the rest of us, so concentration of the new mass media in their hands was of little consequence. We have paid with our fortunes and our lives for that mistake, and the payment is just beginning.
When they want us to accept more immigrants to destroy our genetic uniqueness and murder us as a race, they turn on the virtual violins and appeal to our race's instinctive kindness and sympathy for the downtrodden.
They falsely accuse racial realists and White people who love their race of being "haters" — but when they want us to kill their enemies for them in their Middle Eastern wars, they crank up the real hate propaganda, cook up false intelligence and scare stories about "weapons of mass destruction" that might streak from Baghdad to Peoria, and send our young people to die — and to slaughter whole generations of people who never meant us any harm, breeding millions of Osama bin Ladens in the process. The Jewish supremacists smile and even laugh when terrorists strike — and they fail to warn us even when they know it's about to happen ~ because they know that such attacks alone can provide a believable backdrop for their lies about how we have to kill people in nations that threaten Israel — or that don't want a government supervised by Jews.
So Americans die overseas in other people's wars — while America herself dies, her borders
December 2004
11
Free Speech
undefended, as her founding race is rapidly replaced by Third Worlders who could never even dream of maintaining, much less building, the scientific and cultural edifice of the West. We're bleeding from a thousand wounds and most of us don't even know it.
White people form an ever-shrinking percentage of the Earth’s population, and the number of White women in their childbearing years is shrinking even faster, as easy abortion, contraception, miscegenation, and careerism have caused so many White women to terminate their family lines, causing a distinct aging of the White population that remains.
In Britain, the forces that would terminate the existence of our race have ordered the arrest of the founding Chairman, John Tyndall, and current Chairman, Nick Griffin, of the pro-White British National Party (BNP), on Orwellian charges of "suspicion of incitement to commit racial hatred." Their crime? Mr. Griffin said privately (but a hidden BBC infiltrator's camera and microphone recorded, and the BBC broadcast nationwide) that Islam is a "vicious, wicked faith.” According to witnesses, Mr. Tyndall said — also to a private gathering but presented to the entire nation without permission by the BBC — in a speech that "...this part of Britain was the centre of the industrialised world, [with tremendous] achievements... Now, we're being swamped by Africans and Asians. What have they ever given us apart from Black magic, witchcraft, voodoo and AIDS?" Mr. Tyndall also reportedly committed the indictable offense of stating the obvious truth that Britain's Conservative Party leader "Michael Howard had no roots in Britain, as he was Jewish."
In Flanders, the Flemish nationalist party, the Vlaams Blok, was the most popular political party in recent elections. So, under a "democracy," that should mean that they would wield the greatest political power — will of the people and all that, you know. But such is not the case in the artificial state of Belgium, where, as in Britain and the United States and the rest of the Western
world, multiracialism is almost a state religion, and woe betide anyone so evil or heretical that he actually expresses the wish that the White race should survive. So the Vlaams Blok (which hardly ever referred to race, by the way, but did have the temerity to cite non-White crime statistics and suggest that Flanders would be better off remaining Flemish), instead of being installed at the pinnacle of power as the voters obviously intended, was banned as an organization — dissolved, criminalized, destroyed -- because their statements on crime and their desire to preserve their national identity 'might lead to discrimination' — and, in Belgium, that is illegal. So the Blok was banned -- but the people and existing infrastructure of the Blok will be setting up shop under a new name, the Vlaams Belang.
What will happen to the BNP in Britain as the repression of the rising pro-White party continues remains to be seen. But I know this: There is a place of honor for those who stand with their own people in a time of crisis. Those who would jail and persecute these men of honor — and bully their family members — are small men of no honor. May the fears of an awakened White population that incited these small men to commit their criminal acts be amply justified, and soon. Our thoughts and best wishes are with the families of the arrestees, and first among our thoughts is this: These acts of state terror, intimidation, and censorship are not the acts of men who are confident that they are right and that they are going to win. They are the acts of cowards, criminals, and traitors terrified that they are going to be found out and punished.
And so we are well into winter, we White men and women of the West, wherever we may live. The Jewish supremacists and their false doctrine of multiracialism appear to be riding high, with truth-tellers and racial idealists oppressed and repressed everywhere we look. But at the cusp of winter is the Solstice. The Sun stands still — but then turns our way again, a promise of spring, a promise of life and victory for our people.
„	. .Tlle Vlaams Blok ~ so
racist" it had to be banned — was the most popular political party in Flanders and was gaining strength day by day. It garnered over a million votes in the last election. Its banning was not a sign of its weakness - but a sign of its strength. The powers-that-be in Belgium fear it, and knew that, unless the Blok was knocked down, the game would soon be up for them.
The French Bloc Identitaire had this to say about the banning: The Europe of "human rights" has become the graveyard of freedom, Through its justice system and to the relief of its panicked political class, the Belgian state has just outlawed the Vlaams Blok,
One would think that such a ruling would provoke a massive protest from the French state, which [like the American state] is always quick to instruct far off peoples in Africa and Latin America on the virtues of democracy. But there will be no protest this time, for the Vlaams Blokrs crime was one which Marxists and globalists never pardon: the Blok was "racist"...
A great historic hour has at last struck. Everywhere in Europe, broad cross sections of the population are beginning to see that "racism " and "fascism " are meaningless, opportunistic terms, whose only purpose is to wave a brown shirt before the people so as to better lead them into slavery, preventing them in this way from resisting the [Third World] invasion of their lands. French Identitarians [and, 1 will add, members of the National Alliance — K.A.S.] can be counted on to continue ringing out the liberating message of this hour.
The British National Party is being oppressed, and there too it is not because it is weak or helpless or because the accusations against it are true (they're not). The motive for these arrests is, once again, fear The party that thinks that native Britons ought to survive and keep their ancestral lands received almost a million votes in the European parliamentary elections last summer — and smears and burdensome court cases are a sure way for the System to slow
Free Speech
12
December 2004
it down and scare off some of its more timid supporters. Again, the System politicians and media whores know that their game might be up with a new, truly representative and more honest government in power, and they'll do just about anything to prevent that. They fear exposure ~ and they fear the future.
Pro-White sentiment — and resentment of Jewish power — are surging all across Europe in a wave that promises to be a harbinger of this new century. And in the United States, though the death grip of the Jewish media and Zionized religion is much stronger than in Europe, there are also signs of real hope.
In Tennessee last month, an extraordinary man named James Hart ran for Congress on an unprecedented platform: White separatism from lower races, and improvement of the race through eugenics. He conducted his campaign on a financial shoestring, buying some local radio time, offering free copies of his books, and going door to door with his message of hope for White people. Now James Hart didn't win the election -- though he did manage to win the Republican primary over the faceless liar promoted by the local Republican bosses, quite an achievement in itself.
But the really hopeful thing happened in the general election --and it gives off pleasant echoes of what happened in the David Duke campaign. In his little Congressional
district in Tennessee, with almost no money behind him and all the media and even his own party bigwigs against him, Mr. Hart got almost 60,000 votes running on an unabashedly pro-White and proeugenics platform. That's 26 per cent, of the vote. He didn't win the election — but even with all the cards stacked against him, he got about a third of the White vote, and surely would have gotten much more had he had a professional campaign organization behind him. [http://elec-tion. cbsnews. com/election2004/state / statetn. shtml] [http ://www.j ame-shartforcongress. com]
What has happened in Europe, and what happened in Tennessee just shows the potential that our Cause has. It shows that large numbers of White people are hungry for an alternative, and are attracted, not repelled, by responsible, intelligent pro-White activism. With care and professionalism and a sense of deep responsibility, we can succeed far beyond yesterday's most optimistic dreams. If we could recruit just one-fifth of the Hart voters -- 12,000 people — just think of the tremendous increase in capabilities the National Alliance could experience overnight. If we could recruit even two per cent, of those kind of people nationwide (two per cent, of even a quarter of the White population is well over one million people) we'd be a force to be reckoned with in every national decision,
and we'd give the controlled media a very good run for their money. We can do that. That potential and the beginnings of success that we're seeing is the promise of spring, the hope we see as the Sun stands still.
Everything depends on us. A future in which young White lovers will still love as only they can; where White scientists will discover and explore new worlds of inner and outer space that we can't even imagine now; where the laughter and bright faces of White children will still exist; a future in which new Beethovens and Aristotles will still be bom; where the greatest heights we have reached in the past will only be foothills of the peaks and mountain vistas to come — that is the world we can build if only we give our all and ensure that every White person hears our message and that every expression of our message is as perfect as we can make it.
So this is my Christmas card to you, my Solstice message, my Good Yule present: There is a great deal of hope. Join with me, join with the members of the National Alliance who are already working in your community, and help build the unimaginably great future that only we can build and that we can surely build. Ring out the old — and ring in the new.
YELLOW RIBBON MAGNET Catalog Item: 1184 US$2.50
The magnets read: “BRING OUR TROOPS HOME & PUT THEM ON THE MEXICAN BORDER.” This is a sentiment that is sure to make sense to increasing numbers of Americans! These magnets are 3 inches by 8 inches so they will be easily visible on your car. They can also be used on refrigerators at home, file cabinets at work, or wherever you have available a metallic surface. The low price of $2.50 includes postage within the U.S.
December 2004
13
Free Speech
New Commitment: 2005
by Kevin Alfred Strom
American Dissident Voices Broadcast of December 25, 2004
As 2004 comes to an end and we begin a new year of working for the freedom and self-determination of our people, let's review the work of the National Alliance in the year that's passing and see what it portends for 2005. Nothing is more important than our race's survival, so it behooves us to be honest and hard-headed about where we stand. (I'm going to be giving a number of examples of what the Alliance has done in 2004, and I'll be giving a link for almost every example. Please take a look at the linked articles; they'll really add to your understanding of the magnitude of what's happening.)
The keynotes for the National Alliance in 2004 have been activism, outreach, hard work — and more activism. We've had some notable accomplishments — and some setbacks, too.
In 2004, we completed the William L. Pierce Memorial Hall, a large and professionally-constructed auditorium with attached kitchen and library, an ideal place for our twice-yearly Leadership Conferences, capable of seating 400 participants and more, nestled in the natural beauty of the West Virginia hills that surround the Alliance's National Office.
From that National Office, dozens of media inquiries resulting from our members' local literature| distributions culminated in on-air or newspaper interviews with Alliance COO Shaun Walker, who brought the Alliance message to possibly millions of new White men and women almost every week. Boston Local Unit Coordinator Michael Medeiros also appeared on television and, along with other Unit members, at several local community events, spreading the Alliance's message of hope. In 2004, National Alliance representatives travelled to
Free Speech
Europe to meet with members of pro-White groups on that continent, and our media published dozens of stories supplied to us by international contributors.
In 2004, we printed two new issues of Resistance magazine and four new issues of National Vanguard magazine. Though that's about half the frequency we'd like to see for Resistance and two-thirds the frequency we'd like to see for National Vanguard, it must be pointed out that the subscriptions we offer are for a number of issues, not a period of time, so everyone's going to get every issue he paid for, just as in the years under Dr. Pierce's editorship. And I should also add that the frequency of National Vanguard is now more than four times what it was in the previous ten years, so we are making progress. National Vanguard sister publication, Free Speech, which puts these American Dissident Voices broadcasts into printed form, is also in a catch-up mode under a new editor, with several issues planned to come out each month until we're completely caught up. [http://www.nat-van.com/national-vanguard/ 125/index.html]
Two publication goals that we failed to reach in 2004 were the printing of our newly-revised Membership Handbook to give coherent, written structure to the activism of our members; and the publication of our founder William Pierce's long-awaited book, Who We Are. Those projects are now in new hands, and we do hope to have them finished in the first part of 2005. As we've been advertising here on American Dissident Voices, we have completed our full update of our definitive research report on Jewish media control, Who Rules America?.
Adding these publications together with our monthly printed National Alliance member's Bulletin (available only to members), we've produced 22 professional-quality printed publications
14
in the last year - and that doesn't count the hundreds of thousands of copies of dozens of different flyers that Alliance members and Local Units have been distributing all across America and the world this year, generating literally hundreds of news stories about Alliance activism.
In 2004, our newssite published its 4,000th article and more are being added as I write this, becoming one of the most important online news and information sources bar none. Its page views are now topping 400,000 every month, and I expect to have a half million month by sometime next year. Thanks to all our contributors, writers, editors, and administrators, John Goth, Jeff Hook, Paul Westman, Justin Cowgill, Hugh Lincoln, Neil Camberley, Dennis Kearney, John Young, Mark Cotterill, Nancy Hart, Josiah Nott, April Gaede, Dr. Robert Griffin, Dan Cvijanovich, James Kelso, Frederico Napolitano, David Duke, Paul Fromm, Michel Vaillant, Ellin Anderson, Edgar Steele, Joe Mack, Ann Hendon, Ben Parker, Irmin Vinson, Jay White, Bob Whitaker -I can't mention every name, I hope you understand — and all those, members and non-members alike, supporters, friends; those in the forefront and those behind the scenes who make our new White media possible -- we thank you!
Our greatest weakness is lack of manpower to edit, illustrate, and post the contributions we receive -- because of this lack, some good stories don't make it to press while they are timely and 'fall through the cracks.' (Unlike some sites, we don't believe that mere cutting and pasting, or linking, to establishment news sources, is enough — we want our own original take on what's happening in the world, and we want to provide an outlet for the original thinking of racially conscious Whites.) We hope to have a budget to allow for some more regular editorial assistance in
December 2004
This radio program, American Dissident Voices, completed its thirteenth year this month, making a total of 676 consecutive weeks — more than 2,000,000 words ~ of pro-White programming on the Internet and on broadcast radio, featuring news, analysis, philosophy, politics, science, history — and in this year alone featuring interviews with Bob Whitaker, David Duke, Erich Gliebe, Mark Weber, Paul Fromm, and other exemplary advocates of truth and reason. [http://nat-van.com/adv] [http://natvan.com/ffe e-speech]
In 2004, we've had some ups and downs in our local organizing, but progress has been made. We don't have Local Units in the top 25 major metropolitan areas of the U.S. and Canada yet, but we will continue to work on that as 2005 unfolds.
And now I come to the most important part of this broadcast. By far the most important things done by the National Alliance are the accomplishments of our members and Local Units. Let me give you some of the highlights of their work.
In 2004, National Alliance activists in Alabama, Tennessee and Florida met with local officials and made mass mailings to law enforcement officers and attorneys, recruiting needed legal talent for the Alliance, and countering the mendacious propaganda and corruption of Jewish groups.
In Nebraska, numerous National Alliance public protests and literature distributions took place, and when the Jewish ADL staged a meeting to condemn the Alliance, they got the surprise of their lives when Alliance representatives showed up to tell our side of the story. Likewise, when multiracialists gathered to condemn the Alliance in Bozeman, Montana, Alliance member Kevin McGuire was there to speak up for White interests, much to the surprise of the organizers. Continuing the same successful pattern, Alliance spokesmen in Salt Lake City were on hand at a public meeting there and carried the day as Jews and multiracialists were unsuccessful in gathering
community support to have a National Alliance billboard removed.
Speaking of billboards, National Alliance members have surprised everyone by successfully keeping our pro-White message before the eyes of the public in Florida, Nevada, and Utah this year — and have gotten even more publicity from the controversy that ensued when Jewish censors tried to get the billboards taken down than they did from the boards themselves. Florida members are actively seeking a new billboard site, the Salt Lake City billboard still stands proud, and a court recently ordered Clear Channel Communications to re-erect our Las Vegas billboard. Members in Utah also scored a victory in court, when they stood up to false charges stemming from an Alliance literature distribution --and won, making it much more likely that future distributions of pro-White literature will proceed without quasi-legal harassment.
In North Carolina, Alliance activists reached out to White attendees at the NASCAR Winston Cup race, and sponsored a revisionist book table at a community festival.
In Bakersfield, California, the fearless April Gaede, Mark Neufeldt, and other members kept up a steady stream of literature distributions, media appearances, and public protests that made sure that every White in the area knows what the National Alliance is and what we stand for. April found time during all her activism to give birth to her third daughter; she is also the proud mother of Lynx and Lamb, the talented twelve-year-old twins whose band Prussian Blue has entertained at pro-White venues all over the nation and is soon to release their first album of pro-White folk and pop-rock music sure to appeal to all ages.
In addition to our regular Alliance meetings and National Office Leadership Conferences, regional Alliance conferences were held in Colorado and New Jersey this year, with much success, as well as our community outreach efforts,
European Cultural Festivals, which were held in Cleveland, Michigan, and Missouri, an Alliance Yulefest in Florida, and the first annual Folk the System picnic, concert, and uplifting pro-White festival held in northern California.
Members and Units all over not only North America but the entire White world scored a victory when over 100,000 'Love Your Race' flyers were distributed over the Valentine's Day weekend — a success we'd like to repeat next year.
Both the St. Louis and Michigan Units of the National Alliance made almost continuous news this year, both in our media and the controlled media, with brilliant public relations coups as they marched against non-White immigration, for the right to own firearms for self-defense, and against the Islamicization of the American Midwest and the slaughter of White hunters by primitive Hmong tribesmen imported by multiracialists. Additionally, in Michigan, members led by Bekki Taylor started a clothes bank for needy pro-White families. In St. Louis, National Alliance member and retired librarian Frank Weltner made a name for himself with his witty and informative new radio show, sponsored by National Vanguard Books, and also broke new ground with the gigantic controversy over his popular research Web site, Jew Watch.
In Georgia, Alliance activists distinguished themselves with numerous face-to-face literature distributions that put the lie once again to the absurd media claim that the Alliance is somehow secretive or clandestine. In Wyoming, Alliance members stood up against the use of public money and public venues to promote the criminal Black "rap" culture to White children. And, spearheaded by the leadership of Roger Williams, Alliance members all over the United States encouraged White shoppers to boycott the Cabela's sporting goods chain because of its anti-White and anti-ffee-speech policies.
December 2004
15
Free Speech
In what has to be one of our most extraordinary success stories to date, National Vanguard contributor David Mullenax has gotten numerous historical revisionist and pro-White editorials that he's written published in commercial newspapers in central Virginia.
When anti-White Christians and lunatic multiracialists sponsored "guilt walks" in the Eastern U.S. this year in which Whites were made to march in yokes and chains to "atone for Black slavery," Alliance Units in New England, Maryland, and Virginia were on hand to protest and speak out for White interests.
In upstate New York, the Hudson Valley National Alliance made headlines when, in cooperation with members of the largest pro-White online discussion forum, Stormfront.org, they supported anticancer efforts in their local community.
Speaking of cooperation, not only have we made strides through outreach in online forums, but Alliance members played an important role along with the Institute for Historical Review in rescuing the Sacramento Revisionist Conference this year after the original organizer backed out in the face of attempted Jewish censorship; and National Alliance members were key participants, organizers, and speakers at the New Orleans European American Unity Conference organized by David Duke, which we hear will be even bigger and better next year. Additionally, Alliance Units sponsored lectures by renowned histori-
an David Irving during his recent American tour, and California members cooperated with No War for Israel in several anti-war protests, raising the racial consciousness of a large number of White people already concerned about the Zionist power behind the current war. Additionally, National Alliance members in Washington state had what was described as a "commanding presence" at anti-war rallies there. In another example of cooperation among pro-White activists, National Alliance member and author of The Fame of a Dead Man's Deeds and One Sheaf One Vine, Professor Robert S. Griffin spoke to an American - South African - Flemish Friendship meeting in Flanders.
I'm almost out of breath, and I haven't been able to go into a lot of detail in this broadcast, just so I could include the highlights of our activism, struggles, and achievements this year. I'm sure that I left out some things that should have been included, for which I hope you'll forgive me. I also hope that you'll take a look at many of the links included in the Internet text version of this broadcast, and familiarize yourself with the work being done by our employees, volunteers, and activists.
I've been a part of this Cause of ours — a part of the National Alliance — for many years now. I was there when we had little presence outside the Washington-Baltimore area. I was there when there was only one Local Unit. I was there when our offices were just a few small rooms and our book cata-
logue was a single sheet of paper. I was there when Dr. Pierce had lost his office staff and was all alone on the mountain, trying to do everything himself. Believe me, I've seen plenty of ups and downs with the National Alliance, and the basis with which we start 2005, despite the ups and downs of 2004, is a higher and more promising basis than in almost any past year.
I want you to visualize something. I want you to visualize a National Alliance with 10,000 members. An Alliance with many times the number of writers and editors and artists and musicians and activists to spread our message. A National Alliance with chapters and offices in every city of consequence in North America. An uncompromising National Alliance with pro-White Internet, print, and broadcast media that fill the days and nights of not just thousands but millions of White men and women every day. A National Alliance with a dues income alone of $150,000 per month. I firmly believe that we have it in our power to make that happen. We can be people who make history ourselves instead of just reading about what others have done. In 2005, one twentieth of the new century will be gone already, and a much larger fraction of our own lives will have passed. The question is: What are you going to do?
El	lEMEiEMEIEMEMElEiEiEfEMEIEIEMEIEIEIElElElElEMEJElEMEJElEiEIElEiEMEIEIEMElEJElEiElEIEMElEiEiEIEIElEI	El
a i 1 1 1 E	National Vanguard Books carries books on numerous subjects for all ages and educational levels.Visit our on-line catalogue at www.natall.com 	Science, history, culture, philosophy.... Children, teenagers, adults...	1 i 1 i i
r		i=i
Free Speech
16
December 2004
The German Constitution
In its Article 5, Section 1, Clause 3, the current German Constitution (Grundgesetz, or GG) prohibits censorship. Section 2 of that same Article, however, limits this freedom from censorship as per the regulations imposed by “general laws”, among other things. A fundamental human right can thus be suspended, at least theoretically, by everyday laws such as those of criminal law. [4] In this respect, the German Federal Constitutional Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht) has determined that “general laws” are such that do not prohibit a specific opinion, or freedom of speech per se. Furthermore, general laws may impose limits on a fundamental right only if doing so serves to safeguard another fundamental right. In accordance with the principle of proportionality, the benefits of both conflicting fundamental rights must be weighed against each other. [5]
Further restrictions imposed on freedom of speech by Article 5 Section 2 GG serve the protection of young people and of personal honor. According to rulings of the German Federal Constitutional Court, the core significance of the human right to freedom of speech is that censorship of publications is permitted only if these publications are at least a constant or typical source of endanger-ment to the young people who might read, hear or watch them.
Regarding injury to honor, the Federal Constitutional Court has ruled that such injury generally has not occurred if no insulting expressions have been used.
Criminal Law
The German Criminal Code (Strafgesetzbuch, StGB) has at its disposal tools facilitating censorship, particularly in §§ 185, 189 and 130f. While §§ 185 and 189 (slander, disparagement of the memory of persons deceased) may be subsumed under the category of “injuries to honor”, §§ 130f. (incitement of the people, incitement to hatred) are a mixed grouping of injuries to honor, injury to human dignity (Article 1 GG), and endangerment of the public peace, a
conceptual chimera which we shall not investigate in greater detail here.
The autumn 1994 revision of § 130 StGB (the so-called Lex Deckert) decreed, among other things, that it is a criminal offense “publicly or in an assembly, and in a manner likely to lead to a breach of the peace, [to] endorse, deny or trivialize any act committed under National Socialist rule [which was] of the type specified in § 220a Section 1 [i.e., genocide, A.M...]”
This is precisely the scenario which the Federal Constitutional Court has actually ruled out: this law criminalizes a specific opinion about one detail of the history of only one single, past regime. From this perspective alone, this “hastily passed and unthought-out”[6] “special law against freedom of speech”[7] would seem to be unconstitutional, and it has been criticized commensurately in German legal subject literature, where it is described as being, in effect, “an attack on the intellectual freedom of dissidents”[8] and “virtually the classic example of a norm [...] directed against a specific opinion.”[7]
“The legitimacy of this regulation is dubious at the very least. One can already question whether a lie is a criminal wrong at all; one must question whether the mere denial of a historical fact, in the absence of any characteristics of agitation, may be described and dealt with as incitement of the people, of all things.”[9]
The concept of “denying” something which the state deems true is a new element in German criminal law and poses problems which it seems quite impossible for criminal procedure to solve. In order for denial to objectively constitute a criminal offense, it must be done deliberately; that is, the denier must know that he is not telling the truth and the judge must prove this knowledge, which in and of itself is already virtually impossible. But in order to be able to also punish (especially) the so-called ‘criminals of conviction’ who are convinced that they are telling the truth, the German judiciary has concocted an entirely new definition of intent: “In this case, intent can only be the knowledge that one’s conviction puts one into conflict with that which ‘general opinion’ indisputably
regards as a historical fact. Admittedly, in a state under the rule of law this places a system of criminal law based on guilt squarely at the crossroads [to criminal law based on arbitrariness]. Just as Auschwitz will ever remain a nightmare for the Germans, the ‘Auschwitz Lie’ will clearly remain the same for German criminal law.”[10]
However, the revised § 130 StGB includes regulations which even go considerably further. It criminalizes not only dissident views of certain aspects of National Socialist persecution of minorities, but in a sense anything and everything which could be considered incitement to hatred against population subgroups of potentially any definition. In this regard the foremost German criminal law commentary observes that this amendment means that practically any kind of criticism of population subgroups - however they are defined - can become a criminal offense, since the legal right that is supposed to be protected (the anti-discrimination rule) is rendered too general and vague in this Section.[ll]
Furthermore, it also permits precautionary censorship, as it were, by providing for the confiscation of publications or other data carriers which are allegedly intended for distribution. The judiciary holds that the intent to distribute prohibited publications exists if a person has in his or her possession, more than one single copy of a data carrier.
That this new German law is difficult to reconcile with international human rights standards is a fact openly acknowledged by Germany’s leading politicians, but it is excused by virtue of the country’s particular history. [12]
Indexing
The first step in the process of German censorship is the blacklisting or “indexing” of, for example, a book or pamphlet. This indexing is done by the Federal Review Office for Youth-Endangering Media (Bundesprufstelle fur jugendge-fahrdende Medien, BPjM).[13] Until 2002, this authority could only become active after a complaint by, e.g., a public youth welfare depart-
December 2004
17
Free Speech
ment. However, a more restrictive law introduced in 2002 now allows this authority to index media without the need of a complaint. This indexing means that the black-listed work may no longer be advertised and that it may not be sold or otherwise made available to persons under 18 years of age. In practical terms this means that the work ceases to exist for the public, as one can then legally learn of its existence only by private means - or, alternately, via the list of indexed works, which the BPjM regularly publishes in its Report. By now this list includes thousands of printed, audio and audio-visual works.[14] Once readily accessible by everybody, this Report is now sold only to libraries, wholesalers, and retailers, and even libraries have stopped giving free access to it, which renders the censorship activities of this authority more and more obscure. This tendency to hide its censorship activities was even more enhanced in 2002, when the law was changed so that media, which are regarded to be an especially severe threat to the mental development of young people, are now listed in secret lists. The victims of this secret censorship are media whose content violates German criminal law (libel, denigration of the dead, incite-l ment to hatred, stirring up the people), which includes basically all revisionist literature. [15]
While the BPjM was initially created primarily to protect German youth from pornography and the glorification of violence, it has increasingly also engaged in the battle against politically or historically unpopular literature. As early as 1990 Eckhard Jesse, who is today a Professor of Sociology in Chemnitz, criticized that the BPjM had “in many ways turned out to be a gateway for one-sided anti-Fascism”[16] and that its measures are “difficult to reconcile with the principles of a liberal society [...], because, on principle, in an open society the printed and spoken word may not be stifled.”[17]
To date, this astonishing admission of the violation of human rights through censorship under the auspices of the Federal Constitutional Protection Office, which edited the contribution of Jesse, has received little attention.
Free Speech
The decision of German courts in the case of the book Wahrheit fur Deutschland (Truth for Germany) has taken on a central significance where the BPjM’s practice of censorship is concerned. This book dealt in an allegedly unacademic manner with the question of who bears the blame for World War Two.[18] The BPjM black-listed it in the late 1970s. In 1994 the Federal Constitutional Court declared this black-listing decision unlawful,[19] but the BPjM promptly re-indexed the book on slightly reworded grounds.[20] The author’s appeal against this, as well as his complaint to the Administrative Court of Cologne, were successful. According to the verdict the BPjM had failed to prove that the book posed a danger to the young people who might read it: “The BPjM fails to realize that it is precisely the possibility for open debate among different views which furthers the critical abilities of young people, and this demands free and unfettered discussion. Besides instruction in historical events, this requires particularly the critical examination of divergent views. In its considerations the BPjM has completely disregarded that this [...] can (perhaps) protect young people much more effectively from susceptibility to distorting portrayals of history than indexing can, which latter may even endow such opinions with a justified attraction.”[21]
However, this verdict, as well as the Federal Constitutional Court’s previous verdict, also indicate that these principles do not apply if it is, for example, the historiography about the fate of the Jews in the Third Reich that is questioned. Such questioning, the argument goes, not only represents a scientifically blatantly incorrect opinion, it also glorifies National Socialism and disparages the Jews as a group. This does not by any means require that the publication in question verbally attacks the Jews or identifies itself with National Socialist ideology. Not even an open declaration of sympathy with the Jews and a condemnation of National Socialist transgressions in other respects will serve in the publication s favor if the factual nature of the Holocaust is questioned at even one
18
single point in the work. German courts consider even one such occurrence to be adequate proof of a glorification of the National Socialist system and of an intention to slander the Jews.
To date, appeals against the black-listing of “Holocaust-denying” books have been uniformly unsuccessful, since German courts refuse all motions to bring evidence in such trials. [22] Documentation, however, is very fragmentary in this context. Older books which dispute the factually of the Holocaust - such as Geschichte der Verfemung Deutschlands (History of the Defamation of Germany), [23] Hexeneinmaleins einer Luge (Magic Square of a Lie),[24] Feuerzeichen (Fire signal)[25] or Die 2. babylonis-che Gefangenschaft (The 2nd Babylonian Captivity)[26] - are not to be found on the Index of the BPjM. On the other hand, one of the first books of this genre - a book that, regarding its style, must certainly be accorded scientific and academic credit, namely, Der Jahrhundertbetrug [27] (The Hoax of the Century) - was black-listed as
early as spring 1979.[28]
A work issued by the publisher Kritik-Verlag, lately of Denmark, has achieved fame at least indirectly. In the early 1970s this publisher issued a brochure titled Die Auschwitz-Liige (The Auschwitz Lie), in which a former German soldier described his experiences in Auschwitz, which are diametrically opposed to those recounted in the well-known eyewitness testimo-ny.[29] At least in Germany the title of this publication became the embodiment of what is otherwise known less polemically as Holocaust revisionism, i.e., the thesis that there was no Third Reich policy of extermination of the Jews. A portrait of Thies Christophersen, the brochure’s author, who was prosecuted in Germany and had fled abroad, was used in 1995 by Amnesty International as advertisement for free speech because even the most controversial of all opinions, namely the one that disputes the Holocaust, ought to be protected by the human right to freedom of speech.[30] The publication was not indexed until 1993, fully 20 years after its first publication.[3l]
December 2004
Since the 1994 tightening of criminal law no change has become apparent in the BPjM’s decision-making process, and neither is any change necessarily to be expected, since the BPjM proceeds in accordance with the Law for Youth Protection (Gesetz zum Schutz der Jugend, or GjS), not with criminal law.
Confiscations to 1994
The second stage of German censorship is the so-called confiscation (or seize-and-destroy) stage. This stage hardly registers with the public at all, and even Professor E. Jesse, whom we quoted earlier, seems either not to be aware of it or to ignore it. The confiscation of a publication takes place on the order of a court. What happens to the confiscated copies of such a publication is not quite clear, but it probably varies with the police station in charge. One publisher who is quite frequently the target of such book confiscations reported that he had been told that the books are burned under police supervision. [32] In one case the press reported that confiscated literature is being burnt in waste incinerators. [33]
According to information from the German Federal Government, and unlike for indexed works, there is no office or authority which publishes an even remotely complete list of confiscated books; similarly, the confiscation orders issued by the courts are not published anywhere.[34] Certainly every court that orders or revokes the confiscation of a publication is required to communicate its decision to the Federal Criminal Investigation Office (Bundeskriminalamt), which therefore ought to have a complete and current list, particularly as it serves the courts as information central regarding confiscation orders already issued. [3 5] However, these confiscation orders are published only every now and then in the Bundeskriminalblatt, a publication not readily accessible to the public. What goes for the public’s review of black-listing does not go for the actual confiscation of the works in question. In this respect the public is left completely in the dark.
Although pornographic or pro-violent publications are also affected by confiscations, these are not discussed here, since the destruction of political or historical publications is a much more explosive issue from a human-rights point of view.
Up to 1994 it was still possible to keep track of all the confiscated publications with political or historical content. The most spectacular case was no doubt the confiscation of the revisionist book Der Auschwitz-Mythos (The Auschwitz Myth). Due to the book’s ‘Holocaust-denying’ theses, the author, a former judge, was stripped of his doctorate, and his pension was reduced. [36]
Another interesting case are the confiscations of the books published by the revisionist Jew Joseph Ginsburg, under the pseudonym J. G. Burg. His Holocaust-denying books also fell victim to German book burning, even though - being a Jew, and in light of the contents of his writings -he could hardly be accused of anti-Semitism.
Up to the winter of 1996, and where political and historical publications are concerned, the BPjM itself had listed the confiscation of only a few issues of the Swiss-based revisionist periodical Der Eidgenoss. The various issues of the revisionist periodical Historische Tatsachen (Historical Facts), on the other hand -which have long been subject to confiscation, and which are published by the same publisher whose book Wahrheit fiir Deutschland the BPjM has now been trying for over 20 years to ban - are not mentioned.[38] It was not until the spring of 1997 that the BPjM updated its list, particularly with four books by the Swiss revisionist author Jurgen Graf. With one exception, however, these books had all been confiscated before late 1994, and one had already been de-indexed again in 1995.[39] The BPjM itself is thus even less clear on the state of confiscations than is the author of the present article.
Confiscations after 1994
This ‘moderate’ confiscation policy changed radically after the revised § 130 StGB took effect on December 1, 1994. Even though the
time from December 1,1994 (the date the new § 130 StGB came into force), and mid-1997 (the authorship date of this article) is only two and a half years, the list of books ordered seized and destroyed during this period is about as long as that of the books which to our knowledge were confiscated in the previous 45 years of the Federal Republic of Germany’s existence.
It is important to note that in most instances the court case reference numbers given refer not only to the confiscation proceedings directed at the books themselves, but refer also to concomitant criminal trials of authors, editors, publishers, booksellers, sometimes even against the printers and multiple-copy purchasers of the publications in question. Criminal prosecution of the purchasers of prohibited publications is initiated even if the books were bought at a time when they were not yet prohibited. In actual fact almost all such trials are of this retroactive nature, i.e., they deal with cases where books were bought before they were confiscated, since as a rule it is no longer possible to obtain the books at all after they have been violently withdrawn from the market.
In reply to an inquiry the Ministry of Justice of the Federal Land of Baden-Wurttemberg has stated that in the time between the end of 1994 and mid-1996, in Baden-Wurttemberg alone, there were 32 cases of preliminary proceedings being instituted against private individuals for their multiple purchases of such books. [40] Projected to cover all of Germany, this figure indicates some 250 to 300 such criminal cases.
Revisionist books which, to our knowledge, have not even been black-listed yet - such as Feuerzeichen or Die 2. babylonische Gefangenschaft - were not the only victims of this new wave of censorship. Books with strictly political content, such as In Sachen Deutschland (In the Matter of Germany) or Wolfsgesellschaft (society of wolves), were also destroyed. Both these books deal in an unpolemic but rejective manner with the problems of multi-culturalism and the supposed incompetence of German politicians. However, since this openly negative
December 2004
19
Free Speech
attitude allegedly represents incitement against the foreigners in Germany and against the establishment political parties and their representatives, in other words since the books endangered the internal peace of the Federal Republic, they were confiscated.
It is impossible to discuss every prohibited book adequately within the scope of this article. We shall therefore focus on only one case, namely the first seize-and-destroy order that was issued after the legal revision of December 1, 1994. This order was carried out in late March 1995 against the scientific handbook Grundlagen zur Zeitgeschichte (German original of Dissecting the Holocaust), which deals very critically with the Holocaust. Since then, 1,000 persons, primarily from the ranks of academia, have spoken out publicly in support of de-indexing this book,[41] and two distinguished historians have even testified in court that the book is scientific and academic in nature and thus ought to be protected under Article 5 Section 3 of the Constitution, where freedom of research is guaranteed without limitations.^]
Meanwhile, the Ministry of Justice of Baden-Wurttemberg has announced that this constitutional provision is not sacrosanct. The Ministry has ruled that destruction of a scientific work is permissible if said work unduly restricts the fundamental rights of a third party.[43] This interpretation is not new, as the German Constitutional High Court decided already in 1985 in the matter of Wilhelm Staglich/Der Auschwitz-Mythos, that the freedom of science is no longer granted when its results allegedly attacks the human dignity of Jews.[44] The implications of this are that scientists may not postulate certain theses and may not question or seek to refute certain establishment theses when this perhaps runs counter to Jewish interests. This ruling of the German Constitutional High Court is quite obviously a violation of human rights, for this interpretation strikes at the heart of the fundamental right to freedom of research, i.e., the right to freedom of choice in the selection of one’s theses and the right to openness of research findings (cf. Karl R.
Popper[45]). Publications of subject specialists have confirmed that this approach is clearly unconstitutional.^]
The trial concerning the book Grundlagen zur Zeitgeschichte - that is, concerning the freedom of its authors, editor, publisher, printer, sellers and buyers - will likely drag on for several more years and is indeed a crucial case which will contribute significantly to shaping the future course of human rights in Germany.
Personal Fates
Naturally, every trial for printing, publishing or disseminating a prohibited work also involves at least one personal fate. Exactly how many persons have been punished in recent years for their will to disseminate publications which were outlawed afterwards is not known; the aforementioned figure of several hundred preliminary proceedings, however, would indicate that the number is substantial. In the following we shall touch on only four of the most prominent examples from recent years. (The corresponding court case reference numbers may be found with the entries for the books in question, in the appended list of confiscated books.)
First and foremost, we would mention the case of Gunter Deckert, the former Federal Chairman of the German right - wing Nationaldemokratische Partei (National Democratic Party). This case even attracted international attention. As early as 1994 Deckert was sentenced to two years’ imprisonment for having interpreted, in an assenting manner, an American speaker’s English-language presentation which disputed the mass extermination of the Jews in Auschwitz. [47] This case has been partially recounted in the book Der Fall Gunter Deckert (The Case of GD.), co-edited by Deckert himself. [48] This book, in which Deckert supported his revisionist views with new arguments, as well as the sale of 50 copies of the revisionist anthology Grundlagen zur Zeitgeschichte, resulted in renewed proceedings against him, the bottom line of which was that he was sentenced to another 20 months’ impris-
onment in spring 1997. He is supposed to be released from jail in August 2000 - after almost 5 years.
The second-worst fate struck a long-time publisher from Vlotho, the academically accredited political scientist Udo Walendy. In December 1996 he was sentenced, in his last possible appeal, to 15 months’ imprisonment for four issues (nos. 1 (2nd ed.), 59, 60 and 64) of his revisionist series Historische Tatsachen, a series which includes 77 issues to date. In May 1997 the County Court of Herford struck a supplemental blow, as it were, by sentencing Walendy to yet another 14 months’ imprisonment for his issues 66 and 68. Subsequently, Walendy’s license as a publisher was withdrawn in September 1999, so it is no longer permitted to Herm Walendy to publish or distribute any media. [49] This case shows especially clearly how German censorship has escalated since the introduction of the relevant legal revisions in late 1994: while none of Walendy’s issues had had any criminal consequences for the author prior to the revision, fully six of the twelve issues that appeared afterwards resulted in trials and convictions, even though neither the style nor the content of the periodical had changed in any way. [50]
Our third example is the fate of academically accredited chemist Germar Rudolf, who also publishes under the pseudonym Ernst Gauss. For drawing up and disseminating a chemical and technical expert report known as Das Rudolf-Gutachten (The Rudolf Report), which claims to disprove the mass gassings in Auschwitz, he was sentenced in June 1995 to 14 months’ imprisonment and has since been prosecuted and persecuted for authoring or editing various revisionist books and brochures (for example, Grundlagen zur Zeitgeschichte, Prof. Dr. Ernst Nolte: Auch Holocaust-Liigen haben kurze Beine, Auschwitz: Nackte Fakten, Kardinalfragen zur Zeitgeschichte, various issues of the Journal Vierteljahreshefte fur freie Geschichtsforschung). He avoided his first prison sentence as well as the trial for editing the book Grundlagen zur Zeitgeschichte by fleeing into exile.[51] Wigbert Grabert, the pub-
December 2004
Free Speech
20
lisher of the book Grundlagen zur Zeitgeschichte, was unable to avoid his punishment, and was fined DM 30,000.00.
And last but not least, we would mention the case of Hans Schmidt, an American citizen bom in Germany. He is the head of a US-based right-wing organization that claims to represent the interests of the German-Americans in the United States. In this capacity he has for many years annoyed numerous prominent persons in Germany with Open Letters. When Schmidt visited Germany in the summer of 1995, he was held in custody, awaiting trial, for more than five months, since one of these Open Letters, in which he had described the German elites as “infested by Jews and Freemasons,” allegedly constituted incitement of the people. Schmidt avoided prosecution by fleeing to Florida. [52]
The fact that there is no publicly accessible list of confiscated books makes it difficult in some cases to determine whether or not a confiscation order exists. Sometimes one only leams of confiscations by the various public prosecutors’ offices in the course of full-blown criminal investigations. If proceedings are then stopped or abandoned for reasons other than supposed innocence (for example, a legally valid conclusion to the proceedings, lapse, or a consolidation with other proceedings, frequently accompanied by the withholding of evidence such as the confiscated books), the legal state of the confiscation proceedings - i.e., with respect to the ‘weapon,’ the book - often remains unclear. And quite a few of the censored publishers and authors are not very co-operative, as they do not want to see their case dragged into the public. They fear damage to their reputation, so they stay silent, too. Obviously, the general confusion regarding the law in matters of German book confiscations is a constant uncertainty factor for every publisher, bookseller and book buyer. For this reason a trend towards preventive self-censorship is becoming increasingly manifest in Germany: to avoid the incalculable risk of criminal prosecution, one is less and less inclined to pick up politically or historically hot potatoes which a judiciary might
choose to single out as being right-of-center. This silent, hidden censorship is admittedly the most effective and thus the most dangerous one that can be. That in the long term this must bring catastrophic effects on social and political life in Germany seems not to interest anyone.
Now it does not really matter what one thinks of the theses advocated by this group of persons. The fact is that the human right to freedom of speech must be indivisible, as Professor R. Dworkin already put it in Index on Censorship. [53] And since none of the cases described here involved any calls to violence, instructions for violent acts, or trivial-izations of violence - at most, violence is disputed for certain historical events, or portrayed as less than generally usual in other accounts - the harshness with which the German judiciary proceeds against these dissidents is incomprehensible and unjustified.
If the cases described herein affected any other persons or groups, then there would be a worldwide outcry in the press, denouncing such human rights violations. But since the victims are after all only the right ones, the matter is ignored and hushed up. But from an objective perspective there is no difference between, for example, Communists and Jehovah’s Witnesses being imprisoned in the Third Reich for their beliefs, and right-wingers and Revisionists being thrown behind bars in the Federal Republic of Germany today for the sake of their publications. Human rights remain human rights. They go for leftist radicals just as for rightwingers.
Considering the results of a more comprehensive, highly recommended study about the deterioration of civil rights in Germany in general, [54] one must conclude that Germany’s tradition of free speech is rather underdeveloped. The general German attitude behind this - ‘tough measures are justified to prevent the repetition of this dark (Third Reich) chapter of our history’ - is understandable, but it is wrong, too, since it leads to the paradox and perverse situation where, in order to prevent the persecution of minorities and the burning of books, minorities are per-
secuted and books are burned. This is exactly the situation we are facing in Germany today. In light of her history, the only correct position for Germany to take would doubtless be the strict and impartial granting of human rights for everyone - and that is not to suggest that this time they ought to be denied the other side for a change, either. Obviously, where human rights are concerned, Germany is caught in a historical vicious circle, or, to use a different metaphor: the pendulum is swinging wildly from one extreme to the other. It is high time that it came to rest in the middle.
Notes
[1]	For more see Claus Nordbruch, Sind Gedanken noch frei? Zensur in Deutschland, Universitas, Munich 1998.
[2]	The opinions about this differ slightly: acc. to Dietrich Strothmann, Nationalsozialistische Literaturpolitik, 3rd ed., Bouvier, Bonn 1985, some 12,500 books, acc. to Dietrich Aigner, Die Indizierung “schadlichen und unerwiin-schten Schrifttums” im Dritten Reich, vol. XI of the Archiv fur Geschichte des Buchwesen, Buchhandlervereinigung, Frankfurt/Main 1971, the number was less than 10,000.
[3]	For some more details see, e.g.,
Martin Liiders, Nation und Europa, vol. 47(9) (1997), pp. 7-11. The list of all books banned by the Allies (Liste der auszusondemden Literatur) was recently reprinted by Uwe Berg-Verlag, Toppenstedt (Germany) 1983 / 84 (Deutschen Verwaltung	fur
Volksbildung in der sowjetischen Besatzungszone / Ministerium fur Volksbildung der Deutschen Demokratischen Republik (ed.) Liste der auszusondemden Literatur. Index der in der sowjetischen Besatzungszone ver-botenen Bucher nach dem Stand vom 1. April 1946; Erster Nachtrag zum Index der in der sowjetischen Besatzungszone verbotenen Bucher nach dem Stand vom 1. Januar 1947; Zweiter Nachtrag zum “Index” der in der sowjetischen Besatzungszone verbotenen Bucher nach dem Stand vom 1. September 1948; Dritter und letzter Nachtrag zum “Index” der in der sowjetischen Besatzungszone verbotenen Bucher nach dem Stand vom 1. April 1952, 4 vols., Zentralverlag, Berlin (East) 1946-1948,1953). It can be found completely at vho.org/cen-sor/tA.html.
[4]	Two recent studies of censorship in Germany, highly to be recommended: Jurgen Schwab, Die Meinungsdiktatur. Wie “demokratische” Zensoren die
December 2004
21
Free Speech
Freiheit beschneiden, Coburg: Nation Europa Verlag, 1997, 338 pp.; Claus Nordbruch, op. cit. (note 1).
[5]	The Federal Constitutional Court’s decisions were quoted from: Karl-Heinz Seifert, Dieter Homig (eds.), Grundgesetz filr die Bundesrepublik Deutschland, 2nd ed., Nomos Verlagsgesellschaft, Baden Baden 1985.
[6]	Eduard Dreher, Herbert Trondle (eds.), Strafgesetzbuch, 47th ed., Beck, Munich 1995, Strafgesetzbuch, 47th ed., MN 18 regarding §130.
[7]	Stefan Huster, “Das Verbot der ‘Auschwitz-Liige’, die Meinungsfreiheit und das Bundesverfassungsgericht”, Neue Juristische Wochenschrift, 1995, pp. 487ff., here p. 489.
[8]	Daniel Beisel, “Die Strafbarkeit der Auschwitz-Liige”, Neue Juristische Wochenschrift, 1995, pp. 997-1000, here
p. 1000.
[9]	Karl Lackner, Strafgesetzbuch, 21st ed., Munich, 1995, MN 8a regarding §130; the criticisms of this article are legion; cf. Hans A. Stocker, Neue Zeitschrift ftir Strafrecht, 1995, pp. 237-240; Manfred Brunner, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, Aug. 17, 1994; Ernst Nolte, ibid.. Sept. 8, 1994; Ronald Dworkin, Tageszeitung, May 17, 1995; Horst Meier, Die Zeit, Sept. 15, 1995; Horst Meier, Merkur 12/1996: 1128-1131.
[10]	Theodor Leckner, in Adolf Schonke, Horst Schroder (eds.), Strafgesetzbuch, 25th ed.. Beck, Munich 1997, p. 1111.
[11]	Ibid., p. 1103.
[12]	Federal Minister of Justice
Edzard Schmidt-Jorzig, Ruge. NeunzehnZehn:	“Ehrenschutz	fur
Soldaten - Gesetz gegen die Meinungsfreiheit?”, 3-SAT, March 10, 1996,	19:10; same, Mut, no.	351,
11/1996: 32-35; Wolfgang Schauble, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, April 24, 1996, p. 41.
[13]	Until 2002, this authority	car-
ried the name Bundespriifstelle ftir jugendgefahrdende Schriften, BPjS.
[14]	The latest “comprehensive	list-
ing”, Gesamtverzeichnis indizierter Bucher, TaschenbQcher, BroschUren und Comics, Stand 30.4.1993, includes about 2,500 titles. Some 120 more have since joined the ranks. The list of indexed video tapes is about the same length. Added to this are several hundred electronic sound and data carriers. The current indexing lists are published in the periodical of the Federal Review Office for Youth-Endangering Publications, BPjS aktucll. To order: Bundespriifstelle, Postfach 26 01 21, D-53153 Bonn, Germany.
[15]	Sec the German government website www.bmfsQ.de for more information.
[16]	Eckhard Jesse, “Streitbare Demokratie und ‘Vergangenheits bewalti-gung,’” in Bundesamt fur Verfas sungss-chutz (ed.), Verfassungsschutz in der Demokratie, Carl Heymanns Verlag, Cologne 1990, p. 304, cf. p. 289.
[17]	Ibid., p. 287; cf. also p. 303: “Liberal society may not stifle or suppress the free exchange of ideas and points of view.”
[18]	Udo Walendy, Wahrheit ftir Deutschland, 3rd ed., Verlag fur Volkstum und Zeitgeschichtsforschung, Vlotho 1976; engl.: Truth for Germany, ibid.
[19]	Ref. 1 BvR 434/87.
[20]	JMS-Report, February 1/1995, pp. 52-54.
[21]	Ref. 17 K 9534/94.
[22]	In article 244 the German Code of Criminal Procedure provides for the option to refuse evidence if the point at issue is self-evident, which is a fundamental premise on the part of the courts, where the Holocaust is concerned (“judicial notice”).
[23]	Franz J. Scheidl, self-pub., 6 vols., Vienna 1967. Most of the books mentioned here can be found on the web site vho.org, some of them even in an English translation (at least linked to).
[24]	Emil Aretz, Verlag Hohe Warte, Pahl 1973.
[25]	Ingrid Weckert, Grabert, Tubingen 1981; ordered seized and destroyed in 1995; in English: Flashpoint: Kristallnacht 1938, Institute for Historical Review, Newport Beach (CA) 1991.
[26]	Steffen Werner, 2nd ed., Grabert, Tubingen 1991; ordered seized and destroyed in 1995.
[27]	Arthur R. Butz; in German: Verlag fur Volkstum und Zeitgeschichtsforschung; in English: The Hoax of the Twentieth Century, Institute for Historical Review, Newport Beach (CA) 1976, 1992.
[28]	Gesamtverzeichnis indizierter Bucher, Taschenbiicher, Broschiiren und Comics, Stand 30.4.1993, p. 8: Index No. E 2765, Bundesanzeiger no. 95 of May 22, 1979.
[29]	Thies Christophersen, “Die Auschwitz-Liige”, Kritik issue no. 23, Mohrkirch: Kritik Verlag, 1973, available today from Vrij Historisch Onderzoek, Berchem Belgium.
[30]	The leftist Tageszeitung (Berlin) reported on this in a surprisingly fair manner, Dec. 12, 1995.
[31]	Bundesanzeiger of Sept. 30, 1994.
[32]	Wigbert Grabert, of Grabert Verlag in Tubingen, to the author.
[33]	Abendzeitung (Munich), March 7./8., 1998: “The remaining copies are occasionally being burnt in a wast incinerator.”, regarding R. J* Eibicht, Hellmut
Diwald; cf. Zur Zeit (Vienna), no. 9/1998 (Febr. 27). 65 years ago this happened publicly, today this is being achieved on the quiet in waste incinerators.”
[34]	Admission of the Federal Government, Bundestagsdrucksache 13/4222, March 26, 1996, p. 6. Germar Rudolf tries to compile a list of books confiscated in Germany, see vho.org/cen-sor/Censor.html. Due to lack of official information, this list is necessarily incomplete. Links to confiscated books that are available online can be found there, so no further URLs are given for them in this article’s footnotes.
[35]	Richtlinien	fur	das
Strafverfahren und das BuBgeldverfahren (Guidelines for penal procedure and fining procedure), No. 208, II + IV; according to Gerd Pfeiffer (ed.), Karlsruher Kommentar zur StrafprozeBordnung, 3rd ed., Beck, Munich 1993, p. 2174.
[36]	Cf. Wigbert	Grabert (ed.),
Geschichtsbetrachtung als Wagnis, Grabert, Tubingen 1984; see also DGG, “Bundesverwaltungsgericht im Dienste der Umerzieher. Erstmalig Doktorgrad aus politischen Griinden aberkannt”, in Deutschland Geschichte und Gegenwart 36(3)	(1988), p.	18	(online:
vho.Org/D/DGG/DGG3 6_3_2.html); DGG, “Unglaubliches Urteil im Fall Dr. Staglich”, ibid., 36(1) (1988), p. 7 (online: .../DGG36_1_1 .html); DGG, “Vemunft wird Unsinn ... Spate Rache fur den ‘Auschwitz-Mythos’”, ibid., 31(1) (1983),	pp.	19f.	(online:
.../DGG3 l_l.html);	DGG,	“Ende der
Wissenschaftsfreiheit?”, ibid., 29(3) (1981),	p.	38	(online:
.../DGG29 3 1 .html).
[37]	Bundesministerium des	Inneren
(ed.), Bundesverfassungsschutzbericht
(Report of the German Office for the Protection	of	the Constitution),
Bundesdruckerei, Bonn 1995-2003, quoting data as provided by the German Federal Bureau of Investigation
Bundeskriminalamt). Since the German ovemment keeps changing the online ddresses of their publications, only the ddresses of the two latest eports are given here:	2001:
iww.bmi.bund.de/Annex/de_20737/
^erfassungsschutzbericht_2001 _-
Pressefassung.pdf; 2002: www.bmi. und.de/Annex/de_24336/Verfassungssc
utzbericht_2002.pdf.
38] However, the black-listing of
vo of these issues is mentioned:
listorische Tatsachen no. 23 (“Zigeuner
ewaltigen eine 1/2 Million”), Decision
lo. 4208, Bundesanzeiger 204 of Oct. 31,
r»nC* ^istorische Tatsachen no. 36
Ein ProzeB, der Geschichte macht”)
lecision No. 4029, Bundesanzeiger 64 of larch 31,1990.	«*zeiger	04	ot
er 2004
Free Speech
22
Decem b
[39]	Jurgen Graf, Auschwitz. TatergestSndnisse und Augenzeugen des Holocaust, Neue Visionen, Wurenlos 1994; confiscated by the Mannheim County Court, 41 Gs 2626/94, released by the Mannheim District Court, 5 KLs 7/95.
[40]	Landtag (state parliament) of Baden-Wurttemberg, 12th session, Paper 12/334, Parliamentary question by Rep. Michael Herbricht REP, “Appell der 500” Stuttgart, Aug. 27, 1996. Position of the Baden-Wurttemberg Ministry of Justice, Stuttgart, Sept. 23, 1996, Ref. 4104 -III/185, Dr. Ulrich Goll.
[41]	“Appell der 100	| Die
Meinungsfreiheit ist in Gefahr!”, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, May 17, 1996; in the Stuttgarter Nachrichten and the Stuttgarter Zeitung on July 19, 1996, with 500 signatures; in the Westfalen-Blatt on Sept. 13 and 18,1996, with 1,000 signatures each.
[42]	Expert reports by Prof. Dr. Ernst Nolte and Dr. Joachim Hoffmann, Tubingen County Court, Ref. 4 Gs 173/95; the latter was published in Vierteljahreshefte fur freie Geschichts forschung, 1(3) (1997), pp. 205ff.; an English translation was printed in G. Rudolf, Dissecting the Holocaust, 2nd. ed., Theses & Dissertations Press, Chicago, IL, 2003, pp. 563-566 (online: www.vho.org/GB/Books/dth/fhdHoffman n.html).
[43]	As a reaction to the appeal referred to in note 41 during the parlia-mental session referred to in note 40, see IDN, ‘“Appell der 500’ vor Landtag”, DGG 44(4) (1996), S. 9f. (online: vho. org/D/DGG/I DN44_4.html);
VHO, “Zur Wissenschaft sfreiheit in Deutschland. Justiz minister Wurttemberg: Wissenschaftsfreiheit ist nicht existent”, Vierteljahreshefte fur freie Geschichtsforschung 1(1)	(1997),
pp. 34-37 (on line:	vho. org /
VffG /1997/1 /VHO Wiss 1 .html)
[44]	Federal Constitutional Court, ref. 1 BvR 408f./83, reprinted in W. Grabert, op. cit. (note 36), pp. 287ff.
[45]	Karl Raimund Popper, Objektive Erkenntnis, 2nd. ed., Hofftnann & Campe, Hamburg 1984.
[46]	Cf. also Daniel Beisel, op. cit. (note 8).
[47]	Incidentally, this American citizen, Frederick A. Leuchter, was arrested in Germany shortly before he was to appear on a major German television show. He fled to the United States when he was released from pre-trial detention, to await his trial in freedom.
[48]	G. Anntohn, H. Roques, DAGD/Germania Verlag, Weinheim 1995
[49]	Oberkreisdirektor Herford, ref. 32/33.31.10.
[50]	U. Walendy has published a sep-
arate issue on his own case: Historische Tatsachen no. 69:	“Ausgehebelte
Grundrechte”, and no. 77 “*Vv*-Strafhaftling Walendy”, Verlag fur Volkstum und Zeitgeschichtsforschung, Vlotho/Weser 1996/1999. Of course it is necessary, when reading this work, to distinguish carefully between facts and the author’s opinions, which are perforce subjective.
[51]	About Germar Rudolf see Wilhelm Schlesiger, Der Fall Rudolf, Cromwell Press, London 1994 (Engl.
online at www.vho.org/GB/Books/trc); Herbert Verbeke (ed.), Kardinalffagen zur Zeitgeschichte, Vrij Historisch Onderzoek, Berchem 1996 (Engl, online at www. vho. org/ GB/ Books/ cq). Naturally, the need to distinguish carefully between facts and the subjective opinion of the author(s) applies in this case as well. See also online “Hunting Germar Rudolf’, www.vho.org/ Authors/Rudol fCase. h tm 1.
[52]	Hans Schmidt has also reported on this: Jailed in “Democratic” Germany. The Ordeal of an American Writer, Milton/FL: Guderian Books, 1997, 490p. Again, it is necessary to distinguish carefully between facts and the author’s subjective opinion. The Australian citizen Dr. Fredrick Toben shared Schmidt’s fate in spring 1999 when he traveled to Germany in order to challenge the censorship of the German authorities. He was subsequently arrested and sentenced; see his website at www. adelaideinstitute. org.
[53]	R. Dworkin, “A new map of censorship”, in Index on Censorship, 1/2 (1994), pp. 9-15; cf. R. Dworkin, “Forked tongues, faked doctrines”, ibid., no. 3 (1997), pp. 148-151.
[54]	G. Rudolf,	“Discovering
Absurdistan”, The Revisionist 1(1) (2003), pp. 203-219 (online: vho.org/tr/2003/2/Rudolf203-219.html and right here ).
The Wizard of Iz says “Ignore the Jews behind the Curtain.” Now find out who is “behind the curtain”... in the media: The
Wizard, the Wicked Witch....or worse. Who decides what is
important? What will or will not be covered? Which sides are allowed to debate which issues? Who sets the agenda? People just like you or me, or a tribe that has its own agenda?
Who Rules America? Item: #491 $ 1.00
from the National Vanguard Books Research Staff
This is a powerful documentary article on the control of the
news and entertainment media. Printed as an 8-page pamphlet
on high-quality, 8-by-ll-inch, white paper, it is priced for low-
cost distribution.
10 copies..............S6.00
25 copies..............S9.00
lOOcopies.............$20.00
1000 copies........$154.00
All prices include postage. National Vanguard Books P.O. Box 90 Hillsboro, WV 24946
Who Rules America?
You already know that the news and entertainment media are biased. Now you will find out why they’re biased.
Copyright 2005 National Vanguard Books
December 2004
23
Free Speech
American Dissident Voices
Please Note
Our shortwave frequency and schedule has been changed because FEMA took over the previous frequency shortly after Hurricane Katrina struck. Below are the new
times and frequency:
Worldwide on Shortwave:
Friday 8:00pm Eastern Time
(Saturday 1:00 UTC)
3.185	MHz via WWRB
Saturday 11:00pm Eastern Time (Sunday 4:00 UTC)
3.185	MHz via WWRB
In addition to the shortwave broadcasts, the text and audio files of the broadcast are available at all times through the Internet at
www.natvan.com
and
www.natall.com
Hosted by Shaun Walker
National Vanguard Magazine
The Meaning of Personal Sacrifice: The Price Paid by America's Founding Fathers
Issue 128, Scptcmbcr-October 2005
Contents:
* Features: "Noddy Can't Say That" — The Poisonous Censorship of Children's Books; Immigration, Jews, Muslims and the Iraq War — Britain's Heady Terrorist Brew; Jewish Control of the British Media
*	US News: Backlash Continues — Minutemen Border Watch Volunteers Grow in Number; Mixed-Race Marriages — White Males More Likely to Miscegenate Than White Females
*	International News: Danish Radio Station Which Called for Muslims to be Killed Is Closed Down; UK Institutes New 'Security Measures' Which Could be Used Against British National Party; Polish Nationalists Predicted to Poll 15% in Upcoming General Election; Russian Deputy Governor of Tver Regional Administration Finances anti-Jewish Book; Switzerland's PNOS Chases Swiss President Away From National Day Celebrations; African Trade in Human Flesh Booms; French Real Estate Broker Convicted for Only Hiring Whites; Australian Academic Who Opposes Non-White Immigration Receives 85% Public Support
*	In Mcmoriam: John Tyndall
*	Bob Whitaker's Column: Situation Terminal . . I But Not Serious
* Fiction: The Homeland by Ben Parker
32 pages, full color, glossy cover
* And More!
U.S.A.
Subscription: $22.00
One copy: $5.00 including postage
Canada
Subscription: $30.00
One copy: $5.00 including postage
Elsewhere
(all countries except the U.S. and Canada)
Subscription: $40.00
One copy: $8.00 including postage
Subscribe online
A subscription consists of six issues whenever they appear. (National Alliance Member’s subscription consists of 12 issues.)
National Vanguard Books, P.O. Box 330, Hillsboro, WV 24946 USA