FREE SPEECH £ JANUARY 2000 • VOLUME VI, NO. I
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4j 10 copies (of the same issue) for $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF SPEECH
mu _ i
® AAW
Government
Dr. Will
How to Bring


|Down the House
Dr. William Pierce


Thoughts on Government
Some of my listeners tell me that I talk too much about the Jews, that I blame them for too many things, that the Jews aren't the only ones to be blamed for the wrecking of our civilization and our culture, that there are many Jews who aren't involved in destructive activities, and so on.
Well, I agree in part with these critics. Certainly there are people who are not Jews who are destroying our civilization and our race and taking away our freedom, and there are many Jews who are involved in these things only to the extent that they are members of the Jewish community and thereby are supplying material and moral support to the Jews who are active wreckers and subverters.
You know, the reason I speak so often about Jews is not that Jews are my favorite topic; it is that Jews, through their domination of our news and entertainment media, have a more powerful influence on public
opinion and thereby on our government than any other coherent group.
Bill Clinton
He could sell refrigerators to Eskimos.
Well, there's more to it than that. Jews are not only more powerful than any other group, they are special in other ways as well: cleverer, more deceptive, more malevolent. Anyway, we cannot solve our other problems without first solving our Jewish problem. That is a fact That's why I talk so much about Jews.
As I said, however, there also are people who are not Jews who deserve the attention of patriots. There are politicians as a class, for example. I always have considered politicians to be a special subset of the much larger set of amoral persons. I don't believe that it's a good idea for me to try to probe too deeply into the psychology of morality on this program. I am not knowledgeable enough about the subject, and besides, radio isn't the best medium for such a discussion. Let's just define an amoral person as someone who believes — no, someone who feels — that getting what he wants is
2
Al Gore
so much more important than anything else in life, that he will not permit himself to be swayed by any other considerations. He will make winning everything that he wants for himself personally his only goal, and in choosing his tactics for winning the only thing that will count will be cost effectiveness.
I don't really know, but I suspect that many people — perhaps most people — who have this attitude are ^bom with it. Others are taught by ■their elders or by their peers. And ^some make the decision all by themselves to become amoral, to strive consciously to shed their inhibitions and to look out for Number One, to the exclusion of everything else.
Of course, we're all like that to a ■ certain extent We all have personal goals, personal needs, personal desires. We strive for the things that we personally want But most of us also consider other things when we strive. We consider how our striving will affect other people, how it will affect our community, how it will affect our race. We deliberately impose certain rules of conduct on ourselves. We value more than just our own personal welfare or our own personal wealth or our own personal security. We have a code of morals. Amoral people don't.
Some people believe that morality is only for suckers, for losers — that the amoral people are the smart guys,
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
who are more likely to get what they want, because they impose no restrictions on themselves. Some people even make a religion of selfishness: the Libertarians, for example, and the followers of the Soviet Jewess Ayn Rand.
Actually, however, most of us are moral because morality has had survival value for us for a very long time. It evolved with us. We developed the tendency to be moral over the course of many thousands of generations because those groups of people, those communities, with a high percentage of moral people in them were more likely to survive and prosper than those groups consisting primarily of amoral people.
We evolved not only as individuals but also as members of groups. A group whose members all had the attitude that it's every man for himself when the group was attacked by another group or experienced some other threat just wasn't likely to survive for a long time. The group and its members and their genes perished together. A group whose members were a bit less selfish had a better chance for survival under natural conditions, under the sort of highly selective conditions that prevailed during most of our evolution. Which is to say, a community whose members really believed — really felt — that they had a responsibility to protect each other and to look out for the welfare of the community as a whole was a stronger and more fit community than one composed largely of amoral people.
Inside a community, of course, different considerations applied, and the amoral person who was suffi-ciendy clever might indeed have an advantage. If he were not sufficiendy clever, however, his head ended up on a spike above the town gate or on a pole at the community latrine to serve as a warning to others. Our ancestors developed a sixth sense for sniffing out the amoral fellows in their midst, and then they got rid of them.
And here we should remind ourselves of the difference between amo-rality and immorality. The immoral person has morals, but he just isn't very good at being ruled by them, usu-
John McCain
ally because of insufficient self-discipline, insufficient power of will. Our ancestors didn't approve of immorality either, but they always had a much greater horror of the amoral person than of the person who was merely immoral. The amoral person usually had to be very deceptive in order to survive.
When we began moving from small, rural communities to cities, the amoral individuals among us were better able to avoid being detected, and amorality had more survival value. You could cheat people in one part of the city until there were threats to put your head on a spike and then move to another part of the city, where you weren't known, and cheat new people. I should mention in this regard that Jews, who also need cities in order to flourish, are not necessarily amoral or even immoral people. Jews, in fact, are probably more moral, in the strictest sense of the word, than the average Gentile, because group loyalty and group survival always have been at die top of their agenda. It's just that Jewish morality is quite different from ours. They have an entirely different set of rules for dealing with other Jews than they have for dealing with us.
Amoral individuals really gained an advantage over the rest of us with the ascendancy of mass democracy. The 19th and 20th centuries have been the golden age of amorality, the
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
3
John Kennedy
age in which clever scoundrels have been able to rise to the top of the dungheap with ease and without having to worry about losing their heads. All they have had to be able to do is fool large numbers of the least perceptive and least discriminating members of our society — that is, large numbers of voters — and that is a lot easier than fooling the most perceptive and most discriminating people — that is, people of the sort who used to be the leaders of our society in less democratic times.
Every time an election year rolls around, all of the amoral people who also have good acting skills are prancing across our television screens in an effort to persuade the voters to put them into public office. I look at someone like A1 Gore, for example, or John McCain trying to act like a normal person, like a person with morals, and I shudder with revulsion. These guys aren't even good actors, but they're plenty good enough for the dumbed-down and feminized American electorate.
What really scares me is a politician who is a good actor. Bill Clinton, for example, is a superb actor, the sort of fellow who could sell refrigerators to Eskimos — or start a war in order to please some powerful minority among his supporters and then convince the general public that the real purpose of the war was to defend the country. I can think of a
few more: Franklin Roosevelt, John Kennedy, Lyndon Johnson. Whenever I see any politician giving a sales pitch, I see that secret, little smile — that fleeting smirk — which tells me that he is thinking to himself that he is getting away with it, that he is fooling the suckers again. This is the same sort of fleeting smirk I see on the faces of salesmen and hucksters and manipulative people trying to persuade me to do something against my better judgment.
Actually, perhaps I don't really see anything, but my sixth sense sets off a little alarm inside my brain that tells me that this guy's head needs to be mounted on a pole outside the community latrine. And I'm sure that many other people also have this same sixth sense about politicians. I'm sure that there are many other people in our society who would like to put all their heads on poles. The problem is that the average couch potato, the average ball game fan, the average voter doesn't have this sixth sense. When Bill Clinton gets in front of a television camera and tells the boobs that he feels their pain, they believe him. Instead of getting an itch in their trigger fingers when they hear his oily voice, they get misty-eyed. “Oh, he really cares about me,” they think.
When a person like Bill Clinton or A1 Gore or George Bush tells a lie, I believe that he doesn't even think of it as a lie. He doesn't think in terms of what's the truth and what's a lie; he thinks only in terms of what is advantageous or disadvantageous for him to say at the moment. Truth or falsity doesn't really matter; what matters is, can I get away with it: will the voters believe me? When a politician agrees to collaborate with the Jews, he doesn't think of it as a betrayal of his people. He thinks of it only as a way to get better press or a bigger campaign contribution. When he sponsors a bill that is harmful to the interests of his race, that's not what concerns him. The only thing that concerns him is, how will it be perceived by his constituents and by the media? Will it gain him votes or cost him votes? That's all that matters.
Anyway, that's democracy. It's a system that practically guarantees rule
Franklin Roosevelt
by amoral people, even if there are no Jews around to make things worse.
What can we do about it, at a time when we don't yet have the means to put all of the politicians' heads on poles? About all we can do at the moment is try to understand the problem as well as we can and then plan ahead for a better system to be implemented at the time when we can begin putting heads on poles.
One of the first things to understand about this problem is that it is not just academic; it really must be dealt with. We can't continue with a system that puts a man like Bill Clinton in the White House and then offers us a man like A1 Gore as a suitable replacement. We won't survive.
Another thing to understand is that it's a problem with two components: the politicians and the people who vote for them. If the voters were a lot smarter and a lot more perceptive than they are, then we would at least have a higher grade of amoral person in public office. But making the voters substantially smarter is a job requiring generations. We could start by sterilizing everyone on welfare, and we certainly should do that at least. But in the long run we want more than just a higher grade of politician. We want no politicians. We want a different system.
I know that there are many of my people out there who would like to have no system at all: no government.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
4
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
They just want to be left alone. And I sympathize with them. More than that, I believe that it would be a lot healthier for us in several ways if we could begin living again the way we did 3,000 years ago. We would be rid of most of the liberals and weaklings and other defectives pretty quickly. We wouldn't even have to sterilize them. We could reestablish healthy, natural relationships between men and women. We could have healthy, functional families again.
Unfortunately, we can't get along with no government — not as long as the Chinese are still around. In an all-White world we might go back to doing whatever we want, but as long as there are more than a billion organized and armed Chinamen on the planet — Chinamen who now are more dangerous than ever with the new military technology given to them by the Israelis and by Mr. Clinton's campaign fund-raisers — as long as that situation prevails, we need a government We need to be organized as long as any of our competitors for ownership of this planet are organized.
The evil is not in government per se. The evil is in the way in which government has been used in the past and is being used now. Just because we have a government in Washington now whose primary functions are to send out the so-called “enndement” checks on time, to protect homosexual Boy Scout leaders from “hate” criminals who would like to stomp them to a pulp, to ensure that Black drivers aren't pulled over by the highway patrol any more often than White drivers, and to enforce a thousand other unnatural and destructive social and racial programs that could not be maintained without a centralized police state doesn't mean that government is unnatural and destructive per se. We have an unnatural and destructive government now because it is a government run by amoral men who respond to organized pressure groups, who cater to organized voting blocs, who dance to whatever tune is being played by the organized Jewish minority, and who absolutely do not give a damn about what their policies are doing to the country and to our race. They really do not care.
Lyndon Johnson
Do you think Bill Clinton lost even one night's sleep over the Serb women and children his bombs and missiles were killing in Belgrade earlier this year? Those were White women and children, members of a European nation that had not harmed or threatened America in any way, but he was ready to begin killing them wholesale as soon as his Jewish advisers told him to. While the bombs fell on Belgrade, back in the White House it was fun and games as usual. And the people in the Congress were no better. In a moral society, with a moral government, someone with access to Clinton would have done whatever it took to stop him. But no politician raised a hand against him. As long as we keep a system that depends upon the votes of the masses to choose the people making the policies, we will have politicians — amoral men — running the show, and things will not improve in any substantial way.
Can you imagine a government run by people who aren't amoral? Can you imagine a government with a purpose that extends beyond the next election? Can you imagine a government that sees itself as an instrument of a people, of a nation, a
government that exists to protect that nation and to advance its interests? Can you imagine such a government led and staffed by men who are not politicians but who are men selected for their moral qualities as well as for their intelligence and who are trained to perform their official functions and are held to high standards of perfor-mance? Can you imagine such a government ruled by a fundamental law, by a constitution, that rectifies the inadequacies in the present U.S. Constitution?
I can imagine all of these things. And again I want to remind you that these questions and these things I imagine are not just academic. We are faced with a crisis. The country is being swamped with non-Whites. Thousands more of them flood into the country every day, and the government has no intention at all of trying to slow the flood. The politicians are afraid that if they try to stop the flood they will be called “racists.” And as I said, they really don't care what this Third World flood is doing to America, just as they don't care when the President and his Jewish advisers decide to start another absolutely unnecessary war: a real war, not an imaginary war.
We must do something drastic, and we must do it soon. It's time for us to be thinking about what we need to do, to be thinking about more than just fighting for our bare survival. We should be guided by an ideology. We should be thinking about the details of the sort of society we want to have in the future. That's a contentious thing, of course. Some of my friends think that everything would be fine if we could just go back to the Constitution of 1787 and the first ten amendments, of 1789, the Bill of Rights. They believe that all of our problems today are the consequence of having abandoned that fundamental law. And I agree with them to a certain extent. Certainly, if we had a firm grip today on the Bill of Rights and had not cluttered up the Constitution with a number of ill-advised, additional amendments during the past 200 years, we'd be much better off than we are.
The fact is, however, that conditions have changed a great deal over the past 200 years. For all practical
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
5
purposes we had no mass media then, and we had no Jews. We were separated from Asia and from Africa by huge oceans. Now we need a Constitution for a new society that is based on race and on a clear recognition of the Jewish problem. In 1787 the people who drew up our Constitution didn't think about race or about the Jews. They believed that these things would never become a problem, that the common sense of the people would prevail. Big mistake!
Beyond this we really do need to put a final end to the flaws in our
political thinking that have resulted in a system that brings amoral men to positions of control and influence. The idea that anyone who could shout and wave his arms well enough to persuade the lowest elements in our society that he loved them and was thereby suited for leadership — this idea really has to go. We really need something sounder for the future, something a little less primitive, or we won't have a future.
I believe that we can build something sounder, that we can have a healthy society and a healthy govern-
ment, if we put our minds and hearts to the task. That's what we're doing now in the National Alliance. I'd be pleased to have you working with us on this essential task
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Thoughts on Government,” aired on December 11, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Deliberate Deception
In our weekly discussions here I sometimes use careless language that leads to misunderstanding, and when I do I’m sorry for it The problem is that I really have a great deal of work to do, and I usually don’t have time to refine and polish my remarks before I go on the air, and so sometimes I don’t make myself as clear as I might. One listener criticized last week’s broadcast because I referred to Ayn Rand as a “Soviet Jewess” who preached a religion of selfishness. He wrote to me that that was like saying that Ayn Rand was a believer in both communism and individualism at the same time, and that didn’t make sense.
Actually, my reference to Ayn Rand as a “Soviet Jewess” was intended to mean only that she was a Jewess from the Soviet Union, not that she was an aposde of communism. Unlike many of her fellow Jews at the time, she did not preach communism. She was, however, an aposde not only of selfishness but also of other destructive ideas preached by nearly all of her fellow Jews, such as the idea that race doesn’t matter. In her book The Virtue of Selfishness, after railing vehemendy and at length against what she called “collectivism,” she wrote:
"Racism is the lowest, most crudely primitive form of collectivism."
Furthermore, Ayn Rand’s brand of selfishness was a far cry from the sort of self-reliance and individual responsibility in which I believe. The
atomistic sort of selfishness she preached was intended — again I say intended — to sever a person from his racial roots, to kill his feeling for his race, to lead him to put his personal interests above his responsibilities to his race as a whole, and, in fact, to abjure his racial responsibilities altogether. And this was deliberate.
I don’t like to sound spooky or irrational about this, but I should tell you that many years of experience have led me to believe that a maxim we all ought to be guided by is, “No good thing cometh out of Israel.” When a Jew preaches anything to us — whether collectivism, as in the case of Karl Marx, or extreme individualism, as in the case of Ayn Rand — it is intended to do us harm, to deceive us, to weaken us, to make us more vulnerable. Even when it appears to be anti-communism, it is slyly twisted so as to equate communism with every form of collective feeling, and from there to make any form of racial feeling akin to communism. And as I said, this is done very slyly, very cleverly, so that it fools many people, especially the simpletons of the Right Many anti-communists today have let themselves be persuaded by Rand and her cohorts that racism is a form of communism. A thousand generations of practice in the marketplace have given Rand and her fellow tribesmen a rare talent for deception, for misdirection.
Let me mention a specific example of this. According to all accounts
the defining event for the Jews of the world today is the so-called “Holocaust” More professional Jews — that is, Jews whose profession is their Jewishness — make their living today from the “Holocaust” than from anything else connected with their Jewishness. It was, they tell us, the most horrible crime in the history of the world. And they have trained a lot of Christian preachers and Gentile politicians and Gentile media hacks to say the same thing. And they have been sending to all of us the bill for this alleged “most horrible crime in history” for quite a while now.
First it was the Nazis, those terrible people in Germany who, for some inexplicable reason, didn’t like Jews and so beginning in 1933 tried to get them all . out of Germany by prohibiting them from owning newspapers or radio stations, or from practicing law and so on, and then after the start of the Second World War began putting them in concentration camps. So after the Second World War the Nazis were hounded and hunted down and murdered wholesale. The Jews still gloat over that and complain among themselves that they didn’t get to kill as many as they wanted to.
Now, if you’re confused because that image of the bloodthirsty, gloating Jew doesn’t quite match the image presented by Hollywood of the lovable, benevolent, funny, clever, and helpful Jew — the wise, thoughtful, humanitarian Jew presented to you every day on your television screen —
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
This print, entitled “Jewish Partisans,” by Jewish artist Daniel Schwartz, celebrates Jews who killed Germans during World War II.
let me read you part of an article that appeared in a New York Jewish news-paper just three weeks ago. The article is in the November 26 edition of the Jeunsh Press, and it was written by New York Jewish Assemblyman Dov Hi kind. It’s about a Jewish organization with the Hebrew name Nakam, an organization that certainly would be called a “hate group” — if it weren't Jewish, of course.
Assemblyman Hikind writes:
"Recently two elderly Holocaust survivors proudly related their involvement in Nakam, a brigade of survivors who attempted to avenge the murders of their families. In a documentary made for Nuremberg TV, Liepke Distel and Joseph Harmatz, both nearing eighty, confirmed that they had conspired to kill Nazis by poisoning their bread with arsenic. Regrettably, the arsenic wasn't potent enough, and the German POWs became ill but aid not die. It's a shame that the tens of thousands of Nazis who avoided capture and punishment did not suffer at the hands of their former victims."
Assemblyman Hikind then goes on to rage that some Germans have had the nerve to suggest that the two Jewish poisoners should be put on trial for war crimes.
Oi, veh! The very idea of punishing Jews for crimes against Germans gives Hikind a fit. It’s fine for Jews to track down 8(3year-old Germans
alleged to have killed Jews during the war and send them off for a show trial somewhere. There’s good money in that for the Jews, although Hikind doesn’t put it quite that way. What he says about the Germans is this:
"There should not be a moment of peace for those who committed those horrible crimes. They should never feel secure, should never enjoy the tranquility of a family life they tore from so many."
But as for the Jews who murdered Germans after the war, why, of course, they should not be punished. They were just nice Jewish boys doing what comes naturally for Jews, and regrettably they didn’t use enough arsenic.
Anyway, the contrast between the bloodthirsty hatefulness displayed by Hikind talking to his fellow Jews in the Jewish Press and the image of the Jews presented to us by Hollywood is instructive, I believe. It’s also instructive to contrast Hikind’s account of this arsenic episode in the November 26 Jewish Press with what really happened. In 1945 and 1946, in the months after the Germans surrendered and the democratic and communist occupation forces moved in, the Jews were running wild in Germany. Under the protection of the occupation armies, bands of Jews
murdered thousands of disarmed Germans. Going from door to door at night, they took Germans out and shot them or cut their throats.
But that wasn’t enough for the Jews. They wanted to kill Germans in much larger numbers, and so they decided to poison the water supplies for several major German cities. By the time the Jews had gotten the poison together, however, the cities of Germany were swarming with hundreds of thousands of Jews released from the concentration camps, who had miraculously managed to avoid the gas chambers, and the poisoners were afraid that some of these Jews might be killed if they poisoned the water supplies.
They decided to poison German prisoners of war instead. On the night of April 13, 1946, two Jews broke into a bakery in Nuremberg which supplied bread to a large German POW camp. They poisoned 3,000 loaves of bread with arsenic. Several hundred German prisoners who ate the poisoned bread the next day died a painful death, and several thousand were hospitalized. But New York Assemblyman Dov Hikind rages that not enough arsenic was used. If they had used more arsenic, then they could have killed thousands instead of hundreds, and he finds it “regrettable” that that didn’t happen.
Now, 54 years later, the supply of German POWs has pretty well dried up, so the Jews have announced that it’s all of the German people, including those born after the war, that must be held responsible for mistreating the Jews. They must pay and pay and pay, because they committed the “most horrible crime in history.” And in fact, we all must pay. It was the Germans who did it, but we let them do it, so we must pay too. We must continue to support the bandit state of Israel, financially, militarily, and diplomatically. We must wage war against Israel’s neighbors when they fail to obey a United Nations directive or when we suspect they’re trying to develop weapons of mass destruction. But Israel can ignore all the UN directives it wants, continue to develop new Jewish settlements in territory stolen from its neighbors, continue to torture Palestinian prisoners
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
and dynamite the homes of their families, and continue to build up its illegal stocks of chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons, and we must look the other way. That’s because we owe the Jews a free ride, right? It’s because we didn’t stop the Germans from mistreating those nice, Jewish boys soon enough. We let what they call the “most horrible crime in history” happen, and so we must pay.
I always have been amazed at how well this swindle works. Of course, it’s easier to swindle a nation when you control what that nation sees on its television screens. But still, I am surprised at the gullibility of my own people, at how easily they are deceived. I am surprised even though the swindlers, as I said a moment ago, have a rare talent for deception. I mean, just look at the facts. The Jews call what the Germans did to them the “most horrible crime in history.” Consider what the Jews did to the Russians, to the Ukrainians, to the Poles, and to the Balts, not to mention what they did to the Germans. A conservative estimate of the number of Russians and Ukrainians killed by Jewish communism between the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917 and the end of the Second World War is 30 million.
Now, even if one accepts the canonical figure of six million Jews killed in the so-called “Holocaust,” that alleged “most horrible crime in history” is dwarfed by the slaughter of Slavs and Balts by the Jews. In the Baltic countries before the war, the Communist Party was a kosher enterprise, consisting almost exclusively of Jews. When the Red Army occupied Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia in 1940 and installed communist governments, Jewish commissars began arresting and murdering what they called “the class enemy,” but which really was the Gentile enemy. Teachers, professors, writers, policemen, military officers, businessmen, doctors — even lawyers — were rounded up by the secret police and then murdered, sometimes after horrible tortures. The Jews wanted no one left alive who might be looked upon as a leader by the masses. They murdered more than 60,000 members of the leadership elite in tiny Estonia alone,
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
which had a total population of only 1.2 million. They decapitated the Baltic countries.
They did the same thing in Poland, only they didn’t have a chance to do it on such a huge scale, because the Germans seized the larger part of Poland, including most of the cities, before the Reds did. But in the part of Poland occupied by the Red Army the Jewish commissars rounded up 15,000 Polish leaders, mostly military officers, and murdered them. The Germans later discovered the corpses of more than 4,000 of them in mass graves in a forest near the Russian village of Katyn. The rest have never been found.
The Jews complain loudly today that when the Germans liberated the Baltic countries in 1941, the local Balts were much more eager to kill Jews than the Germans were. The Germans had to hold the Balts back for the sake of order. And in Poland at the end of the war, after the Germans had left and before the Reds had clamped down, there were several mass lynchings of Jews by the Poles. In the Polish town of Kielce in 1946, for example, the local Poles killed 43 Jews before the communists could stop them. The Jews claim to have no clue as to why the Balts and the Poles hated them so much. They pretend that it’s a mystery to them. Why should those nasty Slavs and Balts want to hurt the poor, inoffensive, long-suffering, humanitarian Jews, who have done so much for mankind? And even today American school children are much more likely to hear about the 43 Jews killed in Kielce by the Poles in 1946 than they are about the 15,000 Polish leaders killed by the Jews in the Katyn forest and elsewhere in 1940. And they are quite unlikely to hear about the deliberate poisoning of German POWs after the war by Jews, just as they are unlikely to hear any genuine expression of sentiment by leading Jews, such as New York Assemblyman Dov Hikind’s expression of regret that the Jewish poisoners didn’t use more arsenic.
You know, the history of the Second World War is a big and complex subject. So is the so-called “Holocaust” There are many aspects of
7
both of these subjects which still ought to be investigated to determine where the truth is. But most of the misunderstanding that exists today is not due to the complexity of the subjects. It is due to deliberate deception. The mass murder of the elites of the Baltic countries is not something that is too complex for the average American to understand. It is simply something that the people who control the mass media in America prefer that the average citizen not know. What they want the average citizen to think about is how the poor, blameless Jews suffered, through no fault of their own, and how we didn’t do anything to stop their suffering, so we owe them a free ride today.
One can read specialized history books to learn about the genocide committed against the Balts and the Poles and the Ukrainians by the Jews. One can even read a little about this genocide in the Encyclopedia Britan-nica. But no school teacher in America will mention it, for fear of losing his or her job. In America’s public schools, just as on television, genocide means only one thing: the killing of the poor, blameless Jews by the wicked anti-Semites of the world, especially the Nazis. And since Americans don’t read specialized history books — and very few of them ever pick up an encyclopedia — what Steven Spielberg says about genocide in his movies is what most Americans believe it is. That’s deliberate deception.
And this deception has serious consequences. I am sure that many Americans believe that what happened in a war that ended 55 years ago is no longer relevant and certainly not worth arguing about But even if I and every other Gentile agreed not to belabor the issue any more, the Jews wouldn’t agree. They’re making too much money from it. And that’s not just the billions they’re shaking down the Swiss and the Germans and the French and everybody else for. The extortion money is the least of it Much more important is the psychic aspect: the feeling on the part of a brainwashed public that it’s reprehensible to criticize Jews for anything, because they have suffered so much more than anyone else — and through
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
g
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
The bloodthirsty and hateful nature of Jews is rarely presented by the media. Here, a rabbi is led away by Israeli police for interfering in a construction project.
no fault of their own, poor dears. That’s why people are afraid to say anything about Jewish media control in America, afraid even to acknowledge its reality. And Jewish media control is destroying America, destroying our civilization, destroying our race. Virtually every destructive policy coming from Washington — immigration policy, affirmative action, forced school integration, the promotion of feminism and homosexuality, the ramming of multiculturalism down our throats, you name it — is a consequence of Jewish control of the mass media. So it is important to get over this feeling that the Jews shouldn’t be criticized or held accountable. And to get over it we need to understand what really happened during and after the war and why it happened.
I have one more comment on this subject. I am often criticized — sometimes even denounced in
extreme terms — because of what some listeners believe is bloodymind-edness on my part Some people thought that it was just terrible that I spoke last week about putting politicians’ heads on poles outside the community latrine. What an uncivilized thing to say! Some people suggested that this shows that I am not really sane, that I am filled with barely repressed homicidal impulses.
Well, I have spent more time than my critics, 1 believe, acquainting myself with what goes on in the real world. I have spent much time studying the details of what the Jews did to the Estonians and to the Ukrainians and to the Poles — and also to the Germans. These are terrible and uncivilized things, but they are real. Just because Steven Spielberg never will make a movie about them makes them no less real and no less terrible. And it is my knowledge of the reality of these terrible things — my convic-
tion that this is what the world is really like — and that the terrible things that happened before to our people will happen again if we let them happen. And we won’t stop them from happening by sipping tea and engaging in polite conversation with the people who are responsible for these things happening.
We must deal with the real world, and the real world has been a bloody and terrible place in the past, and I firmly believe that it will continue to be that way. Survival is a bloody business. Let us not be fooled by our momentary comforts into believing otherwise. The mess we are in presently is more likely to be resolved by somebody’s heads being put on poles than it is by being polite and avoiding the more unpleasant aspects of reality.
I am not really obsessed by the desire to cut off the heads of any group of people — not even the heads of the politicians. But I am obsessed by the idea that we must not, through inaction or through an insistence on being polite and civilized, allow the enemies of our people to do again to us what they did in Estonia or in Ukraine or in the Katyn forest or in the prisoner of war camp at Num-berg. And as long as they continue in their efforts to deceive us, as long as they continue in their efforts to prevent people like me from contradicting them, I will continue to be obsessed.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Deliberate Deception,” aired on December 18, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
subscribe to Free ‘Speech
Enclose 4^° a 0M \jtar subscription to Free speech.
Address:
MflU. to:
National vanguard Bootes P.O. Box 330
Hillsboro, wv 2-^94&
Y our subscription helps to keep American dissident voices on the air.
I
j
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
9
Woe to Our People’s Enemies!
visiting
I’ve had several film crews my office during the past few weeks: BBC, the History Channel, the Discovery Channel, Arts and Entertainment; you name it, they’ve been here. Reporters and photographers from the print media too: the Washington Post, Rolling Stone magazine. The main thing they’re focusing on is my acquisition of a couple of record companies for the production and distribution of resistance music.
They want to tie that in to my two novels, The Turner Diaries and Hunter — especially The Turner Diaries — and to suggest that all of the things I do are somehow connected with the growing threat of terrorism in America. Their position is that Timothy McVeigh read The Turner Diaries and got his friends to read the book, and then he blew up the Federal Building in Oklahoma City; therefore, The Turner Diaries is a terrorist book and is responsible for the bombing.
I always tell them, no, my book is not what caused Timothy McVeigh to blow up the Federal Building; it is what the Federal government did in Waco, Texas, two years earlier that caused the bombing. It was the murder of all those women and children in the Ml Carmel Church by the Clinton administration that made Timothy McVeigh decide that someone had to strike back at a tyrannical and murderous government Someone had to send the politicians and bureaucrats in Washington a message that there are Americans who will not tolerate such behavior. And I cite the evidence to these media people: Timothy McVeigh went to Waco during the Federal siege of the Branch Davidian church and expressed his outrage to other people who were there. And at the time he was sentenced to death by the Clinton government, Timothy told the court why he had bombed the Federal Building. He told the court that the Federal government, by setting the example of
The burning of the Branch Davidian church: the real reason Timothy McVeigh blew up the Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
terrorism against its own citizens, was provoking counter-terrorism against the government.
Well, of course, the media people already know these things, but they won’t report them. They won’t put the blame for the bombing on the Clinton government. They love the Clinton government. It’s their kind of government. Bill Clinton is their kind of guy. Janet Reno is their kind of butch-feminist attorney general. And all those people the government burned and shot to death in Waco, why, they don’t really count. They were just a bunch of wackos; they were separatists; they were unfashionable people; they weren’t even liberals. They weren’t part of our wonderful TV society, our consumer society, our Clinton-era, feel-good society. They just wanted to be left alone, and people who want to be left alone are dangerous. You can’t trust them. It’s all right for the government to kill them.
Anyway, the media people certainly are not going to blame the Oklahoma City bombing on the Federal government, with which they identify. They’d much rather blame it on me and on my book, because my book predicts growing terrorism in America and explains why it will grow. And the explanations in my book are not Politically Correct. My
book is not in tune with the Clinton era. I am a boat-rocker, and it’s people like me, who aren’t happy with more diversity and more feminism and more homosexuality and more multi-culturalism and more government intrusion into our lives, who are dangerous, who are a threat to everything the media people hold dear.
They take the same attitude toward the music I distribute through my record company, Resistance Records. It is resistance music. It is opposed to everything the Clinton government and the media people stand for. And their position is that my music is responsible for the violence in which young people often are involved. They say that my music is responsible for the anger so many young Americans feel.
And I tell them, no, it’s not my resistance music that makes young Americans angry. It is the conditions around them, the conditions in which they are obliged to live, which make them angry. It is the alienating conditions in our society, in our cities, in our schools, which make young people angry. It is being forced to go to school with non-Whites, being forced to live in an increasingly non-White environment, that makes young people angry. It is seeing their heritage stolen from them that makes them angry.
All of that seems clear enough to me, but the media people pretend that they don’t understand. How could anyone not like going to school with Blacks? Such a culturally enriching experience! How could anyone not like growing up in the multicultural sewers that our cities have become? How could anyone object to having his heritage taken away, when it’s for such a good cause: the cause of more feminism, more homosexuality, and a non-White majority in America? No, no, these things couldn’t be alienating young people and making them angry, the media people think, because these are all good things. It
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
must be my music — or perhaps violent video games, anything except the Clintonista filth, which the media people are helping the Clinton regime ram down our throats.
You know, these media people really cannot imagine why the prospect of a non-White America; a mongrel America; a coffee-colored, Third World America of Black basketball players and rap music and high fives and Ebonics, should make anyone angry. They just can’t imagine it Take a look at Newsweek magazine for this week. It has a picture of what these spiritually sick media liberals want the
America of the 21st century to look like. They really want it to be an America without White people. Newsweek, of course, is owned by a Jewish company, the Washington Post Company, but it pretty well represents what all of the media people, Gendes as well as Jews, think. And they believe that is the way everyone else should think. They don’t understand why their vision of America should make young people angry. So it must be my music. It must be people like me who are making young Americans angry by providing them with Politically Incorrect music.
I tell the media people that the purpose of resistance music is not to make young people alienated or angry; instead it is to give them a rationale for their alienation and a target for their anger. It is to explain to them why they are alienated; it is to help them understand the causes of their alienation by showing them who and what are responsible for the alienating conditions around them. The purpose of resistance music is to direct their anger outward, toward a proper target, so that their anger will not become self-destructive but instead can help them by helping our people.
But whenever I say something like this to a media person I just get a vacant smile. What I’m saying either doesn’t register because it’s too far off his wavelength, or he’s deliberately tuning me out because he knows that if he really reports accurately what I’m telling him he’ll need to look for another career shortly thereafter. I’m inclined to believe that in most cases it’s the former: at least, in the case of
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
the rank and file reporters and writers. The media bosses, the ones who set the party line, lie deliberately, but the media people in the ranks tend to be a highly socialized group, very dependent on their interactions with their peers. I don’t think they’re even capable of independent thought. They can think only as a group. Each of them can think only what the others are thinking. If you put one of them in a room by himself somewhere, his brain would just shut down until another media person came into the room. Perhaps this is the way people tend to be who were raised in day-care centers, always surrounded by other children when they were very young.
Be that as it may, whether the media people deliberately twist and distort the reality they present to the public or do it unconsciously, it really is a big problem for all of us. Most Americans depend almost entirely on the mass media — on television, radio, newspapers, and newsmagazines — for everything they know, or think they know, about the world outside their own neighborhoods. And when that view of the world is distorted, is falsified, then we have difficulty making correct decisions and acting in a way that is consistent with our interests as a people.
There are other ways of learning about the world besides watching network television, of course. One can find out almost anything by using the Internet as a research tool. By learning where to look and how to read critically, one can pretty well get around the media controllers — which is why they’re working so hard now to try to build public support for their effort to control the Internet too, so that they can censor it. They want to protect us from pornography and terrorism, they tell us. What they really want to do is protect us from the truth, because if most Americans had any hint of the truth, the media bosses would have to start swimming for Israel to save their hides.
Well, as far as the public is concerned all of that is pretty much irrelevant. Expecting the general public to read anything critically or to learn how to use the Internet for research is just a pipe dream. The public may use the Internet for on-line shopping, but
for 99 per cent of them that’s it. Most of them always will get their news and their ideas from the easiest source, which is television, and they will believe what they see on the screen and what Tom Brokaw or Peter Jennings or Dan Rather tells them to believe.
Is that important7 Is it really important what fools believe?
Well, yes, it is important. In the first place, we still have a crazy system where what the couch potatoes and lemmings believe has a big influence on public policy and on the type of government in Washington. When evil men, whose interests are diametrically opposed to the interests of our own people, are able to determine what the voters believe, then that is a matter of concern to us. That is the root of most of our problems today, this deliberate deception of the voters by the media bosses.
But even if couch potatoes weren’t allowed to vote, we still should care what they believe. We often may be contemptuous of people who can’t think for themselves and who are so easily misled, but the fact is they make up the bulk of our people, and if we want a truly healthy society again, we need for even the sports fans to have at least a rudimentary understanding of what’s happening in the world and why. We want at least the great bulk of our people supporting the goals of our society.
Anyway, that’s in the future. Let me give you a very specific example of the way in which the masses of the American people are fooled today. I’m sure that you remember the massacre at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado, in April. I’ve already spoken about that at length on earlier broadcasts. The slant that the media people immediately tried to put on that massacre was that the two killers were neo-Nazis of some sort, or at the very least White racists, who had deliberately targeted Black students. And they put this slant on it knowing that one of the killers was a Jew — hardly the neo-Nazi type — that only one of the 13 victims was a Black, and that both killers were explicidy anti-racists and talked about how they wanted to kill White racists. And it has been this slant that has
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
11
Although Dylan Klebold was a Jew, and although the Columbine killers are quoted by the December 20,1999 issue of Time magazine as listing “fjng whites” among the people they hated most, people still believe the killers were “neo-Nazis.”
stuck in the public mind, even though the facts have been available, not only on the Internet but even in some widely distributed print media. It is television that makes a lasting impression on the average sports fan, not the news on the inside pages of the New York Times.
Even now, with excerpts appear-ing in Time magazine from the transcript of a video the two killers made before the massacre, most couch potatoes still believe they were neo-Nazis, because that’s what Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings and Dan Rather told them back in April and have been hinting at ever since. We need to get those neo-Nazis under control. We need new “hate crime” laws. That’s the media message. Even with the video made by the killers now public, you can ask most sports fans, “Hey, you remember those two neo-Nazis who shot all the kids at Columbine High School?” and they’ll answer, “Yeah, I remember them.” Which just goes to show that it’s a lot easier to fool people than it is to un-fool them.
Nevertheless, the video made by Klebold and Harris is very interesting, because it ties in with some other issues I’ve commented on. One of the first things that struck me when I read the transcript of the video the two killers made in Klebold’s basement was the statement made separately by both the killers in slightly different words to the effect that they hated everyone: “It’s humans that I hate,” Klebold said. That reminded me of something the first-century Roman historian Tacitus wrote about the Jews more than 1900 years ago: “They hate all humanity, except their fellow Jews.”
Christians, especially, seemed to be hated by the two killers, and they made a number of obscene and derogatory comments about those of their fellow students who were Christians whom they intended to kill. Is this something Klebold learned from his Jewish mother? We don’t really know, and we certainly won’t find out from Tom Brokaw. One thing that is clear from their video, however, is the almost total sense of alienation felt by the young killers. They really hated the world.
Now, they certainly didn’t learn that hatred from reading one of my novels or listening to the resistance music I distribute or from visiting one of my Internet web sites or even from playing violent video games — and yet Jewish groups and much of the media have been trying to convince the public that they did. Actually, there are some trendy folks out there who are an easy sell for that theory. There are people in America — White people — who really believe that things are get-
ting better and better as they become more and more “diverse,” more and more chaotic, more and more multicultural, more and more Jewish. They can’t imagine why young people should be more likely to be alienated growing up roodess in the Clinton era. I mean, it just couldn’t be the feminism, the homosexuality, the racial mixing and the behavior of the Federal government — all of those things are just so wonderful — so it must be those awful heterosexual
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
12
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
White males who put hate on the Internet and write hateful novels and distribute hateful music.
Anyway, the value in the video that Klebold and Harris made, and the reason that you should read the transcript on the Internet or at least read the excerpts in Time magazine this week, is that it provides a horrify-ingiy graphic picture of the depth of the alienation and the intensity of the rage inside many young Americans today. And keep in mind that Klebold and Harris were not my kind of young Americans. They had no healthy racial feelings, no understanding of what was happening to their world. One of them was a Jew. And yet they were totally alienated. This sickness around us — this liberal, Jewish, feminist, egalitarian sickness — corrupts everyone. The video Klebold and Harris made will convince you, if you weren’t already convinced, that the world young Americans are growing up in is profoundly unnatural and unhealthy. Some adjust to it, more or less, but a growing number do not. Instead, they become alienated, and they become filled with rage, and in the years ahead there will be hell to pay.
This Klebold-Harris video being made public now is a fluke. It gives a perceptive few a chance to see some evidence that they wouldn’t otherwise have seen. It’s not likely to sink into the consciousness of the sports fans, however, because it won’t get the intensive TV coverage the original story got. Most couch potatoes still will believe that Klebold and Harris were neo-Nazis who learned to hate
Resistance records is designed to give direction to alienated youth.
from the Internet and from listening to the wrong kind of music. And so most Americans still won’t have a clue as to why more and more young Americans are intensely alienated and angry. And not having a clue, they’re not likely to exert any pressure on the government to change things in the right direction. And that’s the way the media people want it. They like the way things are going now, and they intend to keep on protecting the voters from the truth.
Listen! Being in the resistance music business has given me an even better opportunity than before to talk with young Americans. When I tell
you that their alienation and rage are growing, I know what I’m talking about. There are hundreds of thousands of young, White Americans who would like nothing better than to rip out the throats of the people who have made their lives pointless and meaningless. You can’t build enough prisons to hold them all. You can’t become safe by passing new gun control laws. The rage building now will find a way out. My aim is to help it find the right way, a constructive way. Not the Klebold and Harris way, certainly, but a way that will result in a lot of throats being ripped out nevertheless: the throats of the people who have been deliberately destroying our world, stealing our heritage, and trying their damnedest to keep the American people from learning the truth and healing themselves.
We will be healed. We will be cleansed. We will bring the truth to our people despite the controlled media. We will take our heritage back. The young people who listen to resistance music will be the vanguard of our army of liberation. Woe to those who try to stand in their way!
Additional reading:
Cornelius Tacitus, The Histories, Book 5
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Woe to Our People’s Enemies!,” aired on December 25, 1999. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
How to Bring Down the House
This first day of a new millennium is perhaps a good time for me to respond to a letter from a listener, Alfred D., who wrote to me last week to express his appreciation for American Dissident Voices. He especially appreciates the information about crimes committed against White people by non-Whites — information that is suppressed by the controlled media because it doesn’t fit their Politically Correct agenda: an agenda that requires keeping White people feeling guilty and apologetic. And he adds that such information leaves him,
“feeling powerless to do anything but feel bad about all of it.”
Mr. D. then goes on to ask:
"What can we ever do to rid our culture of the Jewish stranglehold on our media and the liberal hold on our institutions? It seems like we can't do much without wealthy and wise people at the top, like our founders two centuries ago, who will stand up and seize the reins of our Republic to restore order and decency to our communities."
I quoted from Mr. D.’s letter not because it is exceptional in any way, but rather because it is typical of many letters I receive. People tell me,
“Hey, I’ve really learned a lot from your broadcasts. I understand much better now what’s going on, but what can I do about it? I’m frustrated and angry, but how can I help to fix things? It just seems that the Jews and their friends are too powerful.”
Well, before I begin answering this question of Mr. D. and of many other listeners, let me discuss with you a couple of recent news items that are relevant to the question. One of them I’m sure you’ve already heard a great deal about: it’s the uproar that came from the media when Adanta
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
Braves pitcher John Rocker made a few frank comments to the magazine Sports Illustrated. Rocker, who is a native of Georgia, expressed his dislike for New York City. He said that riding the subway in New York one finds oneself cramtned in with all sorts of alien and distasteful people: freaks with purple hair, homosexuals with AIDS, Black criminals just out of jail for the umpteenth time, welfare moms surrounded by their swarms of brats. And he also said:
"The biggest thing 1 don't like about New York are the foreigners. You can walk an entire block in Times Square and not hear anybody speaking English. Asians and Koreans and Vietnamese and Indians and Russians and Spanish people and everything up there. How the nell did they get in this country?"
Hey, you know, I’ve felt like that every time I’ve had to go to New York City. The subways are like a freak show. Times Square is like a freak show. New York is a disgusting and depressing place. And you know what.7 Millions — and I mean millions — of other White Americans feel the same way about it as John Rocker and I do. I mean, let’s face it, New York City is a disgusting place. It’s filthy, degenerate, perverse, and above all else alien. There’s nothing American about it. If I had the power to nuke the place — make a huge, self-illuminated, glass parking lot out of the place — I wouldn’t hesitate for a second.
So anyway, what happened to John Rocker when he simply expressed an opinion shared by millions of other White Americans? The Jews went berserk. Rocker was talking about their city! He was saying he didn’t like all of the wonderful diversity and multiculturalism they have worked so hard to bring to New York, to make New York the sort of place they can feel comfortable in, like a Middle Eastern bazaar. And so the Jews trotted out all of their Gentile auxiliaries — their feminists and their queers and their liberals and their bought politicians, starting with Mayor Giuliani — to demand that Rocker be punished. “Get rid of him!” demanded the terminally liberal Gentile sports editor of the Adanta Constitution, Mark Bradley.
John Rocker
The Rocker story was the biggest thing in the news last week. Why? A baseball player says in public what everyone knows is true, and the Jews and everyone in their camp demand that he be banned from his profession and ostracized by all Politically Correct Americans. From the hateful tenor of their denunciations of him, I suspect that many of them would like to see him crucified in Times Square. Again, why?
Well, I’ll tell you why. It’s because the Jews have built a house of cards, and they are afraid that someone will breathe on it too hard, and it will come tumbling down. If John Rocker had said something patendy false, such as announcing that the earth is flat, or if he had expressed a personal dislike for his fellow White Southerners, say, then no one would have made a fuss, even though he is a celebrity and so his publicly expressed views might conceivably have led some kids to believe that the earth is flat or to develop an irrational hatred for Southerners. But he said something that everyone knows is true, and he said he doesn’t like it, and the Jews demanded his head.
You see, we’re all supposed to pretend that we like it. We’re all supposed to pretend that we think diversity is a wonderful thing. We’re all supposed to pretend that we really
appreciate the opportunity to ride the subway next to a queer with AIDS or a Black thug with dreadlocks or a welfare mom with a horde of pickaninnies. We’re supposed to pretend that we find it a culturally enriching experience to walk through Times Square and not see anyone who looks like us or hear anyone speaking English. Because if we don’t pretend, then others may stop pretending too, and the house of cards will come tumbling down. It’s like the child in the crowd of spectators who says out loud, “But, Mommy, the emperor is naked!”
The salient point here is that the Jews and their dependents know that their whole existence is built on lies, that it depends on make-believe for its continuation. The feminists and the queers and the welfare rabble and the non-Whites also know that, despite their apparent facade of strength, despite their voting majority, their position is very precarious. They know that they haven’t earned their privileged position in our society. They know that it is artificial, a device of smoke and mirrors, and that if we decide to stop supporting them and to stop tolerating their antics, they will be on their own, and they will be in trouble. The politicians feel their collars becoming tight — in their guilty fear they can imagine the rope on their necks — when someone like Rocker expresses a simple truth that threatens the whole power structure from which they draw their sustenance.
The Jewish media bosses made such a fuss about Rocker because they are frightened of the truth. If they were standing on solid ground they would have nothing to fear. But they aren’t standing on solid ground, and they know it. That’s why they become hysterical when someone states the truth loudly enough for others to hear. That’s why they're demanding John Rocker’s head. Think about the significance of the Jewish reaction to John Rocker, and I’m sure that you’ll agree with me.
The other recent news item I’ll mention is the announcement by the Jews that they’re willing to make peace with their Arab neighbors in the Middle East — if we will pay for it. And the bill they are presenting to us
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
is $100 billion. I’ll read you the first few lines from the front page of the English-language edition of the Jerusalem Post. This was three weeks ago, the December 10 issue:
"If all goes as planned, 10 months from now Palestinian and Israeli negotiators will be scrambling to put the final touches on a permanent peace accord as the government security and finance gurus calculate the cost of peace. The technocrats will add it all up ana write down a sum — of up to $100 billion, according to some diplomats. They will then look to the U.S. government to bankroll the bulk of the agreement."
The Jerusalem Post article then goes on to complain that not all Americans are inclined to hand over $100 billion to Israel and that it will require a bit of Jewish pressure to persuade them. The article quotes Alabama Republican Congressman Sonny Callahan, chairman of the House subcommittee on foreign aid. Calahan says:
We are happy to give Israel economic assistance, but for goodness sake! One hundred billion dollars so there will be an agreement to stop Israelis from killing Palestinians and Palestinians from killing Israelis? The President and Madeleine Albright seem to think there is a money tree here in Washington, and all they have to do is come up with an idea that sounds good and then come back and get the funds."
Callahan went on to say that the Jews may very well get their $100 billion from the American people, but they will have to do it without his vote.
The Jerusalem Post quotes other U.S. politicians who are more sympathetic to Jewish needs than Callahan. Florida Republican Mark Foley, for example, says no price is too high to keep Israel happy:
"The price may be astronomical, but the peace process is at a critical juncture. We can spend billions of dollars on an escalating conflict defending Israel, or we can put the money up front for peace."
How many times in the past when the Jews had their hands out have we heard that excuse about “helping the peace process” along. We have financed the Jews’ wars against their neighbors, and now we’re supposed to finance the military buildup they want so they can feel safe if they make peace with their neighbors.
To all my friends in the Jewish Community
Please accept my best wishes for a sweet New Year. May you and your loved ones be inscribed

__________iiii i nil I :• . |
All politicians know it is vital to their careers to remain on the good side of the Jews, but Mayor Giuliani takes his pandering to an amazing height.
And of course, the Jews are quite confident that Clinton will do whatever he is told in this matter. They believe that before Clinton leaves office they can get their $100 billion from the American taxpayers, even without Congressman Callahan’s help. They are a little more worried about continued support after that, however. Even though people close to George Bush have told the Jews not to worry, that Bush will be an obedient servant of Israel, die Jews are concerned that many Americans may be
reaching the limit for how much of their blood they are willing to have sucked from them by the Jews. The Jerusalem Post cites with disapproval what it calls a “wave of neo-isolationism” sweeping the country.
You know, we’ve been coughing up money to support Israel whenever the Jews demanded it — $70 billion in the last 25 years alone — and getting kicked in the teeth in return, as the Jews spy on us, steal our military technology, and then sell it to the Chinese — not to mention what they’re doing to us in America with their government-enforced programs of diversity and multiculturaiism.
Let’s look a litde more closely at this latest demand. They’ve been hinting at this during most of the year, but the amounts they have talked about have been smaller, because these smaller amounts were only to pay for a pullback from occupied territory in one place or another; they never told us what the total bill would be for peace with all their neighbors. For example, they recendy told us we would have to cough up $18 billion if we want them to return the Golan Heights to Syria, from whom they stole it 25 years ago — with our help, of course. They have told us that $10 billion of that $18 billion will be used to resetde 17,000 Jewish setders from the Golan Heights to Israel.
Now, you know, these Jewish setders tend to have larger families than city Jews, but let’s just make a very conservative estimate of 3.4 Jews per settler household: that’s 5,000 Jewish households needing to be relocated — for $10 billion, or $2 million per household. Really! The Jews are demanding $2 million dollars from us for each family of 3.4 Jews resettled from stolen Syrian territory to Israel. And these Jewish settlers were setded in the Golan Heights contrary to United Nations resolutions and contrary to requests from the United States government not to setde Jews in illegally occupied Arab land. Now we are supposed to give each of these Jewish families $2 million, from our pockets, so they can buy for themselves the sort of palatial accommodations in Israel they believe Jews are naturally entitled to. One thing 1 will say for these Hebes: they have a lot
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 ] Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
more brass in them than anyone thought possible.
Let’s do a little more arithmetic. There are approximately five million Jews living in Israel: let’s say 1.5 million Jewish families. Over the 51 years of Israel’s existence, Americans have coughed up approximately $100 billion in aid — as I said a moment ago, $70 billion in just the past 25 years. The German people have coughed up approximately the same amount. Now the Jews are aiming for another $100 billion from us before their boy Clinton leaves office a year from now. Three hundred billion dollars divided among 1.5 million Jewish families comes to an endowment of $200,000 per Jewish family. That doesn’t include the interest, And they’re con-standy whining for more! “Oi, veh! Giff us back the gold you took from us during the war. Giff us our salaries from the time we worked as slave laborers during the war. Compensate us for this! Compensate us for that! Oi, veh! You let the Germans push us into the gas ovens during the war, and you didn’t help us. Now you must pay us for that! And if you don’t giff us $100 billion now, we won’t make peace with our neighbors, and it’ll be your fault.”
Well, now, the editors of the Jerusalem Post are pretty sure that the politicians in Washington will go along with their latest demands — and I believe they’re right about that — but they’re worried that the American taxpayers may be getting fed up. They’re worried about what they call a “wave of neo-isolationism.” They’re worried that the average American may begin doing a litde arithmetic. Americans who are working double shifts now so that they can save money to put their kids through college might wonder why they should pay $2 million for each Jewish family relocated from the Golan Heights.
So will Americans begin doing a little arithmetic? Certainly not by themselves. It’s not that they can’t do the arithmetic. It’s that they won’t do it on their own initiative. And even if they did, they would be afraid to draw the right conclusions from it, because those conclusions would be Politically
FREE SPEECH for January 2000
Incorrect. They need someone to set an example for them, someone to tell them that’s it’s all right to be outraged by Israel’s claim that it needs $2 million of our money to give to each Jewish family that is settled illegally on stolen land in the Golan Heights — just as they need someone like John Rocker to say aloud what they themselves have been thinking about the growing multicultural chaos in America.
So now you can see how these two news items we have just discussed are relevant to the question asked by Alfred D.: “What can we do to break the Jewish stranglehold?” The overblown, almost hysterical reaction to John Rocker’s simple statement shows us how precarious the Jews themselves understand their situation to be: how afraid they are that someone will awaken us from our trance and that we will be able to break their stranglehold. And their astoundingly brazen and greedy grab for another $100 billion from us before Clinton leaves office shows us one of their principal vulnerabilities. They always overreach themselves. They believe that we are so stupid, so gullible, so sheep-like, that they can get away with anything, that we’ll never figure it out and never strike back. And even if we do figure it out, they’ve got the votes to keep us under control. They have debased our electorate to the point that all of the people who are dependent on them for unearned privileges — the feminists, the homosexuals, the non-Whites, and the welfare rabble — will be able to outvote us and keep us in our place.
It’s a strange situation, the Jews greedily grabbing for more and more, and at the same time terrified that their host may wake up and decide to rid himself of them. But then, the Jews are strange creatures, to say the least. And it’s clear that the most important thing we can do at this time is to cry out, loudly and repeatedly, to an ever larger crowd: “Behold! The emperor is naked!”
We must do deliberately what John Rocker did inadvertendy, and
15
we must do it with every medium available to us, not just with magazines for sports fans. And we must talk about more than the freak show the Jews have made of New York City. We must talk about the Jews’ open-borders immigration policy, the Jews’ push to increase the rate of interracial marriage between Whites and non-Whites, about what the Jews have done to our schools, about the Jewish control of our news and entertainment media, about the Jewish grip on our government, about the Jews’ corruption of our politicians — and about the Jews’ ongoing theft of our national wealth.
Listen! Even the most jaded couch potato, even the most thoughtless lemming, can be made to feel indignant about the Jews’ plan to steal two-million-dollar of our hard-earned money and give it to each Jewish family now setded illegally in Syria’s Golan Heights, if we rub his nose in it. We may not have John Rocker’s celebrity status, but we are gaining a louder and louder voice, and you can be sure that we will not grovel and apologize the way the celebrities customarily do when the Jews rap their knuckles for Political Incorrectness. With the Jews themselves providing us with issues such as their latest demand for $100 billion to make peace with their neighbors and for us to pay for resetding Jewish families in two-million-dollar million mansions in Israel, we eventually will have even celebrities speaking out and refusing to apologize. And the house of cards will come tumbling down.
That’s the answer to Mr. D.’s question. The Jews are vulnerable. The emperor is naked. We have to speak out, without fear or hesitation or apology. We have to set an example. If we do that, others will follow, and our people will be free.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “How to Bring Down the House,” aired on January 1, 2000. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2000 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year