FREE SPEECH ‘JULY 2001 • VOLUME VII, NO. VII
FREE SPEECH is published monthly for supporters of can Dissident Voices, America’s only uncensored patriotic radio program. Single copy price $4; 10 copies (of the same issue) tor $10. Basic subscriptions are $40 per year. Defenders of the First Amendment, who donate $300 per year or more, will also receive audio cassettes of each weekly broadcast.
IN THIS ISSUE OF FREE SPEECH
Murderingflowaj
Dr. William Pierce

■I 11 HI'	1 §§ ill 1 p
I he Scorpion andfthe Frog
Dr, William Pierce
Wmm

Mike Wallace’s Lesson
■nflj William Pierce
M|t<and Furious
Dr William Pierce
Murdering Iowa
To most people statistics don’t have much meaning. They’re just numbers. Tell people that 50 years ago 90 per cent of the citizens of the United States were White, that today only 70 per cent are White, and that 50 years hence less than half the U.S. population will be White, and it doesn’t move most of them. They can’t remember what it was like 50 years ago, when the United States was unquestionably a White man’s country, and they don’t have enough imagination to visualize what it will be like when Whites are a minority and are completely at the mercy of Blacks, Asians, mestizos, and Jews. Tell most people about this trend toward a darker and darker America, and they will just shrug. They don’t see how America’s changing demographics will affect what they can buy at the mall or watch on television. What is happening to America is happening so slowly that they aren’t alarmed.
That’s most people. In a few places in America, however, the changes are occurring more rapidly, and people are forced to pay attention. Many of these people are alarmed. I receive letters every week
oks HI Qp • *	-.:r	:•	-
Girl Scouts support recycling in a parade in Iowa.
from listeners who lament what has happened to the towns or the neighborhoods they grew up in. They tell me that 15 years ago every family in their neighborhood was White. The streets were clean and safe. They could leave their doors unlocked without worry. Their kids could walk to school or play with other kids in the neighborhood in safety. They could take a stroll in the evening with a wife or a girlfriend without danger of having lewd comments directed at them.
Today half their neighborhood has become non-White. Streets and yards are littered with trash, bars have been installed on all first-floor windows, Their kids get beaten up and have their lunch money stolen, and no White man in his right mind will expose his woman to the catcalls and deliberate josding by the non-White thugs who roam the streets and hang out in the malls.
2
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
IM
■t$m
A farm in Iowa
We’ve come to expect changes of this sort in the decaying cities of the East Coast or in California or Florida or Texas, where the impact of non-White immigration has been especially heavy during the past few decades. But the White heartland also is being corrupted now. In fact, there is a deliberate campaign to corrupt and pollute the White heardand as quickly as possible.
Iowa is an excellent example of this. One of the Whitest states in the country, a land of corn-fed, blue-eyed, blond farm boys and girls, Iowa is looked upon with undisguised hatred and distrust by the multicultural planners and diversity mongers of the East Coast From their point of view Iowa, with less than three per cent minorities in 1990, was far too White, far too Aryan. Something really had to be done about Iowa. And so they’re doing it, with the help of their patural allies in the statehouse, in the Christian churches, in big business, and in the media.
Under Iowa’s new Democratic governor, Tom Vilsack, state officials have launched a campaign to bring more non-Whites into Iowa. Recruiting teams are sent to ghettos and barrios around the country to persuade Blacks and mestizos to move to Iowa. The government in Washington is pumping money into a number of
special programs in Iowa to help in the process of multiculturalization. Non-Whites are even being recruited in Mexico, Africa, and other non-White areas and then brought to Iowa as government-approved immigrants. A story which appeared last month — that was May 4 — in the Chicago Tribune praising the efforts to darken Iowa contained interviews with several of these non-White immigrants, including a physician from Ghana married to a White woman, a meatpacking plant employee from Puerto Rico married to a Filipina, and a high school student from Laos.
Governor Vilsack and the other politicians justify this program to racially pollute Iowa with the argument that Iowa’s population isn’t growing fast enough through natural increase. Iowa’s population increased by only 5.4 per cent during the 1990s, while the population of the country as a whole increased by 9.6 per cent. Without a faster growth in population, claim the multiculturalizers, the economy will be hurt. The pretense is made that there will be no one to do essential jobs. The Chicago Tribune quotes Governor Vilsack: “Who is going to farm the land? Who is going to teach our children? Who is going to care for our medical needs?”
This same spurious argument is being used by the enemies of our peo-
ple in Europe to justify opening the borders of European countries to the Third World. Europeans aren’t breeding fast enough to maintain the various welfare programs and social services needed to provide for an aging White population, so fast-breeding Third Worlders should be brought in to keep the population growing, say the multiculturalizers.
Of course, any scheme that depends upon a continually growing population must eventually come to grief, when the land can support no more people. Did you catch that7 Any plan, any program, that requires a continually growing population for its success is fundamentally flawed and eventually must fail. But the people pushing such schemes onto a gullible White public don’t really care about the long-range prospects. For them the scheme is simply a trick to get as many non-Whites as possible mixed in with the White population as quickly as possible. They believe that once they have done that it will be too difficult — too bloody — a task for us to unmix what they have mixed. They will be surprised at what we are willing to do to repair the damage they have done.
Listen:	If	Iowans	need more
teachers and doctors, the law of supply and demand will take care of that. Iowans may have to offer higher pay
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 - $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
3
This sign in an Iowa Pizza Hut says "Welcome to Pizza Hut" in Norwegian.
to attract needed White workers from other parts of .the country, but that is the way things always have worked. The argument that non-Whites are necessary to keep the economy alive is fraudulent, but the politicians, the Christian churches, the big businessmen, and above all the media — the untouchable Jewish media — are supporting this fraud — this genocidal lie — and few citizens, in Europe or in Iowa, are bold enough to challenge it.
The fact is that much of the 5.4 per cent increase in Iowa’s population during the 1990s has been mestizos brought in by the owners of meatpacking plants looking for cheap labor. This has resulted in those Iowa communities with meat-packing plants being especially hard hit by the multicultural onslaught. Storm Lake, a town of 10,000 residents in northwestern Iowa, is an example. In 1990 Storm Lake was virtually all White, a nice place to live and to raise a fimily. Today a third of Storm Lake’s residents are non-White, and the quality of life has changed accordingly. In all of the 1980s there was just one homicide in Storm Lake. Between 1990 and 2000, as the town went from all White to one-third non-White, there
were 10 murders, and other crime also rose proportionately.
This sudden destruction of their community and their life-style in the course of only a decade shocked a few of Storm Lake’s White residents into speaking out. The multiculturalists have responded by bringing their road show to town, proclaiming Storm Lake a wonderful example of how a diverse group of people can live and work together, and denouncing anyone who doesn’t want to go along with the continued destruction of Iowa as a “racist” and a “bigot.” With the Christian clergy and the media noisily on their side and the big businessmen providing support from behind the scenes, the multiculturalists have been moderately successful at shouting down the dissidents even in heavily impacted areas such as Storm Lake.
The local high school students, raised on MTV, have been taught that a White Iowa is a boring Iowa, and that having lots of non-Whites around adds some buzz to an otherwise dull life. The Chicago Tribune article that I cited earlier had an interview with a 17-year-old White high school girl in Storm Lake. Looking around at the non-Whites who make up nearly half of her high school classmates, Jill Par-man said:
I know that Iowa doesn't look like this, but it would be a whole lot less boring of a state if it did.
Thoroughly jaded young people such as Jill Parman, taught by television that life should, above all else, be entertaining, are quite susceptible to the poison disseminated by the multiculturalists. And the multiculturalists are indeed proud of their ability to use their control of the mass media — especially television — to take over the minds of the younger generation and alienate them from their people and from their people’s traditions and values. They have become quite self-confident — arrogant, really — in their ability to keep dissent within manageable limits as they continue their genocidal work.
An even better example of this than Storm Lake is the small town of Postville, in northeastern Iowa. Postville is undergoing an even more traumatic racial and cultural transfer-
This sign in an Iowa McDonald’s says "Many thanks" in Norwegian.
mation than Storm Lake. A decade ago Postville was an all-White, all-Christian farming community of 1,000 souls, most of German and Norwegian ancestry. Then Aaron Rubashkin, a Hasidic Jew who owns a kosher meat market for supplying his fellow Hasids in New York City, opened a kosher slaughterhouse in Postville.
He had bought Postville’s bankrupt meat-packing plant from its Gentile owners and converted it to kosher use, because he could get his meat slaughtered much more cheaply in Postville than in New York, even when the cost of shipping the meat from Iowa to New York was included. Today he and his son Shalom run the slaughterhouse, which employs 300 workers, nearly all of them non-Whites recruited by Aaron and Shalom outside Iowa and brought to Postville specifically to work in the slaughterhouse. They also brought more than 30 Ultra-Orthodox rabbis and their families to town. The rabbis, do the actual slaughtering of the animals according to Jewish ritual, a shockingly inhumane procedure, which has been oudawed in many jurisdictions.
The White people of Postville feel overwhelmed. Their town has been
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
Two man in traditional Norwegian costume and holding a traditional drinking vessel are watched by an all-White crowd in Iowa.
stolen from them. Ten years ago everyone they met on the sidewalk or in the local pizza parlor was a neighbor, someone they had gone to school with, someone they shared values and traditions with. Now they see Orthodox Jews wearing black hats and prayer shawls and talking to each other in Hebrew. They see Mexicans and Nigerians and Vietnamese lounging against the lampposts and jabbering at one another in other strange languages. They see their schools, which used to be entirely White, swamped with dusky aliens.
But it is the Jews who are the most difficult for the people of Postvillc to accept. The Jews arc all from New York City. They are loud and pushy. They arc fast-talking hustlers. They arc arrogant. They make no effort to adapt themselves to the ways of Postvillc. Instead they demand that Postvillc adapt itself to them. They even ignore the local laws with contempt. The Rubashkins dump the waste from their kosher slaughterhouse into the local river, polluting it so badly that it no longer is suitable for fishing or swimming or boating.
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
Postville imposed a $2 million fine on the Rubashkins, who simply refuse to pay and keep on polluting, knowing that the governor and the media are on their side.
And unfortunately, some of the White people of Postville are on their side too. The City Council members, for example. And the people at the local newspaper. The newspaper hired a Jewess to write a regular column. When there was a vacancy on the City Council, the council members appointed a Jew to the council, saying that it would be good for the local economy. When local citizens circulated a petition protesting the appointment, they were accused of anti-Semitism by the newspaper. That intimidated most of the White citizens into silence, but not 81-year-old Dorothy Radloff. She said that she didn’t want a Jew on the City Council. She went further, saying what many other Whites in Postville were feeling but were afraid to say:
We're just afraid if they get one in, then pretty soon the whole council will be Jewish, and they're going to run the town. They're working to take the town over and push the rest of us out.
But with the support of the newspaper and the other council members and the mayor, the Jew, Aaron Goldsmith, won a special election two months ago. There’s something about politicians and journalists. And the gullibility and blind tolerance of our people for getting kicked in the teeth and not fighting back seem to know no limits. Perhaps if the White citizens of Postville, Iowa, had known a little more about the Hasidic Jews who are taking over their town and flooding it with non-Whites, besides the fact that they are pushy and arrogant, the election to the City Council might have turned out differently.
The Rubashkins and the other Jews associated with the kosher slaughterhouse all are members of the Ultra-Orthodox Lubavitcher sect. The Luhavitchers are those strange-looking Jews one sees in New York wearing long, black coats and black hats, with sideburns down to their shoulders. The late leader of the sect, Rabbi Mcnachem Mendel Schnecrson, was worshipped like a divinity by his followers, including the Rubashkins and
A young girl in a Norwegian-style costume who was watching the parade.
all of the other Jews they brought to Postville.
Rabbi Schneerson was a real Old Testament Jew, a Talmud Jew, who preached to his followers the unadulterated doctrines of the Talmud, including the doctrine of Jewish superiority and the doctrine that the Jews arc die chosen people of God, ordained to rule all the other nations of the world and own all their possessions. His sermons have been published, although you’re not likely to find them in the New York Times or any other place where Gentiles might read them. But I’ll read you a selection from one of them, just to give
<0 2001 • National Vanguard Hooks • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/ycar
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
5
you the flavor. Rabbi Schneerson preached:
The body of a Jewish person is of a totally different quality from the body of a member of any other nation of the world.... The Jewish body looks as if in substance it were similar to the bodies of non-Jews, but ... the bodies only seem to be similar in material substance, outward look, and superficial quality. The difference of the inner quality, nowever, is so great that the bodies should be considered as completely different species. This is the reason why the Talmud states that there is an halachic difference in attitude about the bodies of non-Jews.... Their bodies are in vain ... An even greater difference exists in regard to the soul. Two contrary types of soul exist. A non-Jewish soul comes from three satanic spheres, while the Jewish soul comes from holiness.
Well, Rabbi Scbneerson had much more to say in his preaching to his followers about the satanic nature of Gentiles and the holy nature of Jews, but perhaps you’ve gotten the general idea from what I’ve just read. The general idea is that Jewish superiority has been bestowed on them by their deity. The Jews are so superior to us that they are justified in doing to us whatever they want. They are enti-ded to deceive us and plunder us and take all our possessions from us, and it is a transgression against their deity for us to attempt to protect ourselves. That’s what the Hasids believe. That’s what the Rubashkins and all the other Jews in Postville believe. It’s too bad that there was no one to tell the White citizens of Postville what the Jews really think about them before they elected one of the Jews to their City Council.
Perhaps Dorothy Radloff had some inkling of the truth when she told her fellow citizens. “They’re working to take the town over and push the rest of us out” Indeed. Unfortunately, too many of her fellow citizens failed to heed her warning. They listened instead to their Christian preachers and their local politicians and their newspaper. They have for all practical purposes lost their town. They are too confused and demoralized and disunited to put up an effective opposition to the Jews. And if they really started to clean up their town and take it back, Mr. Bush would send in the FBI to stop them. They would be arrested and charged with “hate crimes.”
An adopted Asian girl dances with a White boy in a children’s Scandinavian folk dancing group in Iowa.
At this point we might ask: Why are the Jews and their allies doing it7 Why are they hell bent on destroying White areas like Iowa? Why aren’t they satisfied with what they have done to California and to the big cities of the East7 Why do they want to make the whole country look like New Jersey and New York? Why do they deliberately destroy all-White communities such as Storm Lake and Postville?
I’ll read you a few words written by Professor Earl Raab of Brandeis University’s Institute for Jewish Advocacy:
The Census Bureau has just reported that about half of the American population will soon be non-white or non-European. And they will all be American citizens. We have tipped beyond the point where a Nazi-Aryan party will be able to prevail in this country.
"We have been nourishing the American climate of opposition to ethnic bigotry for about half a century. That climate has not yet been perfected, but the heteroge-
neous nature of our population tends to make it irreversible....
In plain language, Professor Raab is boasting that he and his fellow Jews have changed the immigration laws — and prevented the government from enforcing what immigration laws we still have — in order to make the American population more heterogeneous, or, to use the more familiar term, more diverse. Their goal is to make Whites a minority in their own country so that the Whites can never combine against the Jews and regain control of their own destiny. You can read more of Professor Raab’s sinister scheming in a book that is available from my sponsor, National Vanguard Books. That book is Alien Nation, by Peter Brimelow.
Professor Raab and his fellow Jews aim not only at eliminating the White majority in the country as a whole, but also at polluting and corrupting every White area inside the country, so there will be no one capable of organizing an effective opposition to the Jews. They will be the only racially conscious group still able to wield power. What the Jews have done to Postville and are busy doing to the rest of Iowa is just one step in their grand scheme for implementing a Final Solution to the Gentile problem. This Final Solution is not being implemented with concentration camps and gas chambers, but with bought politicians, with corrupt preachers, and above all with television and other mass media. It is being implemented by flooding the country — and every White area inside the country — with non-Whites and by encouraging miscegenation. It is being implemented through programs aimed at increasing diversity. It is being implemented by deceiving and brainwashing White people to collaborate in their own destruction.
The hour for our people is late indeed — but it’s still not too late. It’s still not too late to fight back.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Murdering Iowa,” aired on June 16, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
The Scorpion and the Frog
I was a guest on the Bob Grant Show in New York last week. Bob Grant’s talk radio show is enormously popular with his White male audience, despite his rough treatment of some of his guests and many of his callers. A typical comment to a caller who displeases him is, “Get off the line, you jerk!” He once told a Black welfare mother, “If I ever get hold of you, I’ll give you a tubal ligation with my bate hands!”
As I said, comments of this sort make Bob Grant enormously popular with his White male listeners, but the Jews and their bedwetting liberal fellow travelers find him much less entertaining, and he has been thrown off several stations as a consequence of Jewish threats against his sponsors. Despite this Jewish hostility directed at him and despite his frequent ridicule of Blacks, he always has been favorable in his remarks about Jews — perhaps because he knows who owns most of the radio stations, or perhaps because he just doesn’t understand what Jews are ail about and admires their success and the power they wield over his own profession.
His attitude may be changing for the better now, however. Despite my reputation as being no friencl of the Jews, Bob Grant was quite cordial toward me. The hour I was his guest was the afternoon rush hour for New York commuters, and there were many calls from listeners. I am pleased to report that at least three-quarters of the callers were favorable to my positions on race and on Jews. The few Jewish callers, of course, were intensely hostile, and their hostility made a noticeable contrast with the friendliness of the non-Jewish callers. One Jew who called in wanted to know why I blame the Jews for the bias of the news and entertainment media. It’s not the Jews who should be blamed, he said, but the shareholders of the media companies: the Jewish media bosses just do what the shareholders tell them to do.
Well, I responded by pointing out that the top Jewish media bosses also are in many cases the dominant shareholders in the media companies, and I gave Sumner Redstone as an example. Redstone is the majority
Bob Grant
shareholder in his Viacom Corporation, which in turn owns MTV, Paramount Pictures, and CBS. I described MTV as being the most destructive of all media influences on young, White Americans. I said that MTV deliberately and consistendy encourages miscegenation. I said that this racially destructive policy is Sumner Redstone’s policy, not that of any anonymous shareholders, that it is a Jewish policy, and that it is the same policy as that of every other Jewish media boss. I was prepared to go on and talk about Michael Eisner and the Disney Company and ABC, and about Miramax and the Weinstein brothers, and about a lot of others, but Bob Grant disconnected that particular Jewish caller.
Then Bob Grant said to me: “I don’t understand. You said that Sumner Redstone and the other Jewish media bosses are deliberately trying to destroy our society. Why would they want to do that7 They are rich and powerful and influential. This society has been good to them. Why would they want to destroy it? That doesn’t make sense to me.”
That was the question he asked me, and it was a very reasonable question. It was the question that almost
any intelligent, honest person might ask in those circumstances. It was the natural question to ask: Why do the Jews want to destroy a society that has been so good to them — especially the richest and most powerful Jews? One can imagine some embittered Jewish cab driver or office clerk wanting to strike out at Gentile society because he is resentful over the fact that he can’t seem to strike it rich like the more fortunate members of his tribe, but why would those who are riding high — billionaire Jews such as Sumner Redstone and Michael Eisner — want to wreck the system from which they are profiting?
When Bob Grant asked me that question, I wished he hadn’t. I knew the answer, and it is a simple answer, but it’s not the sort of answer one wants to give to people who are driving home through rush-hour traffic. It is simple, but it also is profound. One needs to hear the answer and then to think about it carefully for a month, turning it over in one’s mind, thinking of specific examples, trying to find counter-examples, holding it up to the light of one’s knowledge of history, before one finally says to oneself, “Yes, that’s it. That obviously is why the Jews do what they do and always have done.” It takes a month of digesting the answer before one finally assimilates it and believes it and understands it. Rush-hour traffic is not the right environment for that sort of thing.
The answer, in its simplest form, to Bob Grant’s question is this: Jews do what they do because they are Jews. A more didactic answer, and the one I actually gave on the Bob Grant Show last week, is one you probably have heard from me already if you’ve been listening to many of my broadcasts. Here’s what I said to Bob Grant: The Jews, throughout their entire recorded history, have lived as a minority among other people. That’s their typical modus vivendi: not living among themselves in a Jewish society, but living as a small minority — usually a rich and powerful minority — in a non-Jewish society. Israel today is an exception to this pattern, but Israel is an anomaly, something that has existed for only 50 years out of the
© 2()01 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
7
last 2000 years, and even today it encompasses only a small minority of the world’s Jews. Most of them live in the so-called “Diaspora” as members of a Jewish minority in the midst of a Gentile society.
When the Jews approach a healthy, homogeneous Gentile society with the aim of infiltrating it, they are looked upon as outsiders, as aliens, and regarded with suspicion — and often with hostility if their reputation has preceded them. Facing such suspicion the Jews find it very difficult to gain power or influence so that they can exploit the society. Their way of dealing with this obstacle is to undermine the solidarity of the Gentile society: to destroy its homogeneity, to attack its morality and its traditions, to encourage alienation among its young people. They do everything they can to make the society more “diverse,” more multicultural, more cosmopolitan, more rootless, more atomized. This is a slow process, often continuing for several generations, but as it proceeds the society’s barriers against the Jews crumble. Ultimately it allows the Jews to control and then plunder the society, to suck it dry before moving on to another Gentile society and beginning a similar process anew.
That’s essentially what I said on the Bob Grant Show last week, although I’m sure that the phrasing I used was a little different. And as I said a moment ago, even though my answer is simple and straightforward, it’s not likely to be fully digested by someone listening to his car radio while trying to get home in rush-hour traffic. It’s a statement of fact, but it needs to be substantiated with a lot of detailed explanation, with many concrete examples, in order to be convincing. What I’ll do now is try to provide some of the explanation and some of the concrete facts.
First, let’s look at what I said about the Jews being a tribe of perpetual outsiders. This is a notion many people who look only at the here and now have difficulty believing. They say to me, “Hey! The Jews aren’t outsiders. They’re as thoroughly integrated into the American melting pot as anyone. They are in every facet of American business and professional and cultural and political life. They own stores of every sort. They buy and sell every type of merchandise. They may
King Edward the Great
not be farmers or welders or machinists or carpenters, but they are doctors and dentists and lawyers and teachers and writers and artists and musicians. They are politicians. There are ten of them in the U.S. Senate, four times as many as one would expect from their percentage of the overall population. There are even two of them on the Supreme Court, which is about nine times what one would expect, since they make up only 2.5 per cent of the general population. So how can you call them outsiders?”
That’s the sort of response I’ve sometimes had from people who are able to see only the present situation. The historical record, however, shows something quite different. It shows the Jews worming their way into one country in Europe after another, gradually monopolizing certain sectors of the economy and then using their monopoly to exploit the Gentile population, and eventually being expelled en masse when their depredations cause sufficient public unrest.
An example is England. The Jews entered England in the wake of the Norman conquest, purchased various privileges and trade monopolies from the ruling monarchs, and made themselves thoroughly unpopular. By the
latter part of the 13*^ century the people of England had become so exasperated with the Jews that in 1290 King Edward the Great expelled all of them from his realm and forbade them ever to return. One might think that they wouldn’t want to go back to a place where they had become so unpopular, but they couldn’t stand
the idea of all those Gentiles going unfleeced, and they never stopped scheming to get back in. It wasn’t until Oliver Cromwell and his forces had overthrown the monarchy in the
middle of the 17n century, however, that they were permitted to return to England.
They also were run out of virtually every other country in Europe — several times from some of them — but they always were looking for opportunities to sneak back in and return to their old depredations. They especially welcomed the upheavals and dislocations accompanying wars and revolutions because these gave them opportunities to gain footholds in places from which public hostility or the law had excluded them. During the Napoleonic Wars at the beginning
of the 19th century Jews followed Napoleon’s armies into many places from which they previously had been barred.
Usually they didn’t have to wait for a war, however: typically they would depend upon the natural tolerance of their hosts to get a toe in the door, and then they would work slowly and patiendy to push that tolerance beyond all limits. They always have had an uncanny instinct for sniffing out their hosts’ natural weaknesses and vices and then using them to break down the society’s discipline and order, thereby making it possible for them to enlarge their toehold and gain more influence. Thus, the Jews always have had a proclivity for the liquor business, casinos and other gambling activity, prostitution, the White slave trade, pornography, and the like. It is no coincidence that for many years the Jewish Bronfman family owned the biggest producer and distributor of liquor in North America, the Seagram Company. There are many non-Jews involved in the hotel business around the country, but in Las Vegas, where gambling is so intimately associated with hotels, the business is completely dominated by Jews. In the booming new business of Internet pornography, the biggest operator, the so-called “Bill Gates of e-porn,” is a nice, Jewish boy named Seth Warshavsky, who owns clu-blove.com and many other of the largest pornography sites.
And so it goes. They find their way to whatever corrupts and weakens
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
their hosts, to whatever is morally destructive, to whatever makes their hosts forget their own traditions and values. They attack order and disci-pline: those things are no fun, those things are old-fashioned, those things are not cool, they tell the young people. They ridicule the concepts of personal honor and personal responsibility. They distract the people from the important things and fill their minds with foolishness. They encourage every alienating tendency, every tendaency that separates people from their roots. They preach “tolerance” as the supreme virtue: their hosts should be tolerant of every sort of filth and weakness and perversity. And all the while they worm their way into the host society mote and more deeply.
And indeed, in America today they are in very, very deep. At the beginning of the last century there were signs in the lobbies of New York’s better hotels: “Jews Are Not Welcome.” The better universities had quotas to keep the Jewish presence from becoming too obtrusive. The Jews were pushy, unpleasant outsiders. But they kept on pushing, kept on breaking down the order and structure in the society that was trying in a very feeble and excessively civilized way to keep them out, and today, no less pushy and unpleasant than a century ago, they seem to have achieved the status of insiders everywhere.
And so one might ask, as Bob Grant did, why, having become privileged insiders, are they still bent on destroying our society? Why do even the richest and most powerful Jews — Jews such as Sumner Redstone and Michael Eisner — who have access to anything in our society they want, still work day and night to corrupt and degrade us? Why, having wormed their way in, do ail of them push for increasing the flood of non-Whites into the United States from the Third World, thereby weakening their own position? Why do they still encourage our young girls to have sex with Blacks, thereby generating hatred against themselves? Why, having gotten so much of our wealth and power into their hands, don’t they strive to strengthen our society instead of continuing to destroy it?
Well, there are several reasons for that, but let me again give you the
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
This is book describes the true nature of Jews in an excellent manner. It is available from National Vanguard Books.
simplest answer, which also is the most profound answer: Jews do what they do because they are Jews.
Do you remember the old fable about the scorpion and the frog? The scorpion wants to cross a stream, but he can’t swim. He sees a frog and asks the frog to carry him across on the frog’s back. The frog says, “No, I don’t trust you. I’ve heard about how treacherous scorpions are. I’m afraid that if I let you get on my back you’ll sting me.” The scorpion replies, “Why should I do that7 That wouldn’t be in my interest If I sting you, then we’ll both drown.” So the frog agrees to let the scorpion get on his back and begins swimming across the stream. Halfway across, the scorpion stings the frog. As the frog is dying and beginning to sink, he asks, “Why did you do that7 Now we’ll both die.” The scorpion answers, “I couldn’t help myself. It is in my nature to sting.” And it is in the nature of the Jews to deceive and to destroy. That is what they always have done, from the days of ancient Egypt to the present, and it is what they will continue to do as long as they continue to exist as a coherent, self-conscious group.
Now, there also are longer answers to the question, for those who aren’t ready yet to accept the profound answer. Many ethnic groups came to America from Europe and at first were considered as outsiders but sooner or later became insiders, and the interests of the majority became their interests. In a sense every group that didn’t come here from Great Britain began as outsiders. The German mercenaries from Hessen who fought for King George and stayed here after the American Revolution very quickly became insiders. The Irish, the Poles, and the Italians all went through a similar evolution. Why is it so different with the Jews — aside from the fact that their roots are not European but are Middle Eastern?
For one thing these other groups, the non-Jewish groups, never had deceit and destruction as their primary tactics for becoming insiders. These tactics are not part of their history. Their aim was to become part of the society, not to break it up so that they could exploit it more easily. This difference is manifested in the difference in self-image between non-Jews and Jews. Every healthy ethnic or racial group has a distinct sense of group identity and a distinct self-image. The Scots and the English, for example, have distinct self-images, with their own distinct ancestral languages, their own historical traditions and customs and so on. But despite their history of conflict and hostility toward one another in Europe, either group can blend into the other and adopt the other’s interests without difficulty.
The Jews are different in both degree and kind. For one thing they are much more strongly ethnocentric than any other group. Look in the Yellow Pages under the heading “associations” in any large American city. Compare the number of Jewish associations or clubs or societies or organizations with those of the Irish or the Germans or the Poles. Of course, you also must have some idea of what percentage of the city’s population is Jewish or Irish or whatever in order to get a meaningful comparison. For the best statistics, go to a library that has a copy of the Encyclopedia of Associations. Jews make up just 2.5 per cent of the population of the United States, and yet you will find more Jewish associations listed than for any
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
other ethnic or religious group. They do stick together and support each other more than the members of any other group.
The Jews also are different in kind. What is the essential element in being a Jew? It is being “chosen.” It is believing that one is a member of a tribe or a race or a people that has been chosen by their tribal god to inherit the earth and all that’s in it. It is being superior to all who have not been chosen. If you are able to read the Old Testament with an open mind, the message there is quite clear. If you want more detail, read their Talmud. They don’t like for you to go poking around in their Talmud, but if you are reasonably resourceful you can find a set of volumes of the Talmud and read what they think about therm selves in contrast to non-Jews. If that’s too much trouble for you, there are other books available — books written
Mike
Last week I was on the CBS program 60 Minutes II, with Mike Wallace. I also was on 60 Minutes five years ago, and both times I came away with the same feeling of unreality, the feeling that I had just been talking to an alien from Mars instead of to another person whose views are different from my own. Mike Wallace and I were on such different wavelengths in both interviews that there simply was no connection between us. He was doing his part of the interviews, and I was doing my part, but we weren’t communicating with each other at all. That’s what I want to talk about with you today.
If you saw the 60 Minutes II interview last week this will be easier for you, but I’ll try to make things clear even to those who didn’t see the interview. Mike Wallace and I talked about various things in last week’s interview. We talked about my music company, Resistance Records; we talked about the Oklahoma City bombing and who was responsible for it; we even talked about the role of the Jews in destroying American society; and of course, we agreed on nothing. 1 tried my best to be civil throughout the interview, however, and I believe that I succeeded in that. Looking at the interview objectively, I was polite, and
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
by race-conscious Jews themselves — that spell it out for you. My sponsor, National Vanguard Books, carries several such books.
The book You Gentiles, by the Jewish leader Maurice Samuel, is excellent for a start. Then there are the very revealing books on the doctrines and practice of Judaism by Israeli Professor Israel Snahak. And there are dozens of other books, many of them written by Jews themselves, that can help you in digesting and assimilating what I told Bob Grant last week.
But most fundamentally the Jew, like the scorpion and ewry other creature, does what it is in his nature to do. He has always lived not by setding down on a piece of turf of his own and planting his own crops and building his own house, but rather by breaking into someone else’s house. And once in he doesn’t try to repair
I expressed myself in a reasonable and calm manner. The principal thing I expressed in last week’s interview was my concern about the increasing alienation of our young people, about the alienating influences in our society — influences such as MTV, which is part of the same Jewish media conglomerate for which Mike Wallace works. I pointed out that my own efforts were aimed at countering these alienating influences and helping our young people find their roots.
Mike Wallace’s reaction to me was that I was expressing “hatred” and that my “mouthings” are “vile” to him, as a Jew. To him my concern for my people, for their welfare and their survival, are “hatred” and are “vile.” I find it remarkable that he should express himself so forthrighdy in front of the huge television audience that we had, that he should make so clear the profound difference between my aims, as a White American, and his aims, as a Jew — and in the interview last week he explicidy identified himself as a Jew. One might have expected him to say the things he said if the television audience were entirely or even mosdy Jewish. But of course, it’s not. Jews make up only two and a half per cent of the U.S. population and probably about the same percent-
the damage he did by breaking in, but he continues to cause more and more damage as he loots everything of value and then, when there is nothing of value remaining, finding another house to break into — and then another — and another. That is his nature.
And, I should add, there is hardly a more important thing for any of us to do now than understand why the Jews are pushing our society over the brink of ruin, and then to oppose them by every means possible.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “The Scorpion and the Frog,” aired on June 23, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
age of the people who were tuned to 60 Minutes II last week.
Mike Wallace is a Jew, with the very special biases and viewpoints Jews have, but he also is a very experienced showman. He has been doing 60 Minutes interviews for many years, and he certainly should be aware of the makeup of his audience. During both his interviews with me was assuming that most Americans agree with him:	that most Americans
believe that to express concern for the alienation of our young people is “hatred.”
He was assuming that any expression of disagreement with the policies of his boss, Sumner Redstone, who is using MTV to popularize “rap” and other elements of Black culture among young Whites and to encourage young Wnite girls to have sex with Blacks — he was assuming that my expression of disagreement with these policies is “vile” to the American people, to the television audience. In feet, Mike Wallace went so far as to say that I’m insane for having the views that I have. In the interview five years ago he actually called me a “nut” on the air, and in last week’s interview he had one of his cohorts, Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center,
Wallace’s Lesson
© 2001 ■ National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
10
come on die air and tell everyone that I’m crazy for believing what I believe.
Now, if I had no contact with the American public besides television, I might be worried that Mike Wallace is right, and that my views are vile to most Americans, and that maybe 1 am crazy for expressing vile views in public. But I do have other ways of knowing what people are thinking besides watching television. Unfortunately, however, that’s not the case with most Americans. Most Americans learn what the public is thinking by watching television. On their TV screens they see reporters stopping people on the sidewalk and asking them what they think about some current event or some government policy, and they believe they’re getting a genuine sampling of public opinion, whereas in many cases they’re not.
I can go out with a cameraman and do 20 sidewalk interviews. Then when I get back to my studio I can select the three that express the opinion I want the public to believe is the majority opinion and discard the 17 that express contrary opinions. Or if I want to be a bit more subde in my deception, I can save one of the contrary opinions and put it with the three that say what I want the public to believe, making it look as if 75 per cent of the public have the approved opinion — that is, three out of four — instead of the 15 per cent — that is, the three out of 20 — which actually expressed that opinion. Most people want to have whatever opinions they believe most other people have. They don’t want to have unpopular opinions. They are afraid of being considered odd or different or out of step with everyone else.
That’s why skewing the reporting of exit polls can influence the outcome of an election. If the TV reporters tell you early on election day, shordy after the polls have opened, “It looks like Tweedledee is winning by a landslide; nine out of ten voters leaving the polls are saying they voted for Tweedledee” — if the reporter tells you that, and if you are an average person who hadn’t really made up his mind yet, when you go to vote later that day you’re more likely to vote for Tweedledee than if you hadn’t already been told that most other people are voting for him. Even if you’d been leaning toward Tweedledum, you might change your mind and vote for
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
Mike Wallace
Tweedledee instead, just to be on the winning side.
Even more effective in deceiving the public as to what other people are thinking is television entertainment. If a leading character — an alpha character — in a TV show expresses an opinion, and the other characters agree with him or praise him for his opinion, you are inclined to assign weight to that opinion. You are persuaded at a subconscious level that if you express that opinion yourself, you will gain approval from those around you. And if a character with low esteem expresses an opinion and is then ridiculed or criticized by the other characters for expressing that opinion, you will be persuaded that the opinion is an unpopular one, whether it actually is or not, and you will be less likely to express it yourself.
Is that the sort of thing Mike Wallace was trying to do when he called me a “hater” and a “nut” and said that my views are “vile”?
What do you think?
I think that is exactly what he was trying to do. And I’m sure that he succeeded with some of the people watching 60 Minutes II last week — though with fewer members of the audience than five years ago, when I had my earlier interview with him. I say that because I have other ways of sampling public opinion than listening to what Mike Wallace says about it. For example, I mentioned last week that I was on Bob Grant’s radio talk show in New York recendy, and that three quarters of the callers agreed with me. I was surprised at that response myself, especially in New York.
Of course, seven or eight callers to the Bob Grant Show aren’t suffi-
cient for convincing statistics, but I’ve seen a number of other indications that the public is not quite as willing to march in ideological lockstep with Mike Wallace and Morris Dees as it was five years ago. On 60 Minutes II last week Wallace’s buddy Dees estimated that perhaps two tenths of one percent of the public is out of step. That may have been true five years ago, but the actual figure today is more than ten times that: somewhere between two and five percent of the adult White population. Actually, White Americans are getting off the bandwagon of Political Correctness in droves.
I receive hundreds of letters every week from listeners, and dozens of those letters come from people who had been Politically Correct, people who had been willing to accept as true whatever lies were told them by Mike Wallace or Morris Dees or any other Politically Correct authority figures. They had believed the television image of the world and had tried to conform themselves to it, but no longer. They no longer believe the television lies; they no longer try to conform their ideas to the false image of public opinion presented by Mike Wallace and the rest. They have seen too many contradictions, too much evidence that the world isn’t really the way their television tells them it is.
Of course, they should have seen that five years ago, ten years ago, 20 years ago. Television always has lied to us, presented to us a deliberately falsified image of the world and of public opinion. Television since its beginning in the 1950s has been solidly under Jewish control and has been used to promote a false image designed to benefit Jewish interests. From the beginning the American television audience has been told that all races are equal, that mixing of the races is good, and that anyone who disagrees is a “hater.” The public, persuaded by television that everyone except a few despicable “haters” believed these things, tried hard to believe them itself. Most people tried to ignore the contradictions; they tried to ignore the evidence that the policies being promoted by the media and forced on them by the government were destroying their society. They tried to pretend that everything was getting better and better, that all the
o	o
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books •_ Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
changes being promoted by the media and the government were “progress.”
As the contradictions mounted, however, pretending became more and more difficult for many people. The real lemmings were still able to believe the image of the world they saw on their television screens and to ignore everything that contradicted that image, but the thinking minority gradually began to fall out of step. They saw on the one hand Bill Clin-ton’s disgusting behavior in office, and on the other hand the media still treating him like a national leader and the majority of the public still willing to vote for him, and the thinking minority began to balk.
They had seen the Persian Gulf War on television and had asked themselves, “Is this war really necessary?” But they had been willing to go along with the crowd and not question the assurances they received from their television screens that the war really was necessary and good, and some of them even cheered along with the lemmings when Baghdad was bombed. But then a few years later when Madeleine Albright and Bill Clinton began bombing Belgrade and killing thousands of Serb civilians in order to force Serbia into submission to the New World Order the way Iraq had been forced into submission, and the media assured them that this new war also was necessary and good, they balked. The lemmings continued to cheer, but more and more of the thinking portion of the public fell out of step with them.
They had believed all of the “Holocaust” stories they had seen on their television screens in the 1970s and the 1980s, but in the 1990s, as the Jews more and more blatandy began demanding “reparations” from everyone in sight and the media supported every Jewish demand, they began to ask questions: Does the world really owe the Jews a living? Are the Jews really the only deserving victims of the Second World War? Why is it that the Jews are the only ones to receive reparations? What about all of the victims of the communists before, during, and after the war? Why don’t we ever hear about them? Is someone trying to cover something up? Are the Jews really the innocent victims they claim to be?
Even the thinking minority had accepted the television portrayal of
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
race relations. Blacks were basically good people who deserved to be integrated into White society, where they would be able to contribute much to the benefit of everyone, and we all would live happily together forever after. The only people who opposed the multiculturalizing of our society were violent, ignorant, White rednecks — truly despicable people who spent their time bombing Black churches and dragging Blacks behind their pickup trucks. They overlooked the Black crime rate and the Black rioting and burning of American cities in the 1960s and accepted the media explanation of these things as justified expressions of Black anger provoked by White racism. But as White society bent over backwards further and further to give advantages to Blacks — Affirmative Action in hiring and promotions; special quotas and lowered standards for admission to universities, and special scholarships and other aid after they were in — and as it became clear that none of this favoritism was improving Black performance or Black behavior, thinking Whites began to wonder where it was all headed.
It took a while for the thinking minority of the White public to begin figuring things out because the mass media did everything possible to keep them confused, but gradually they began to notice things and put things together. They saw what happened to their neighborhoods when Blacks moved in. They saw what happened to their schools as the Black enrolment went up. They gradually began to see through the deceptive way in which the news media reported interracial crime, minimizing or even ignoring Black crimes against White victims while maximizing any White transgression against non-Whites.
Perceptive Whites noticed the unrelenting, hateful media pressure against White South Africa through the 1970s and 1980s and early 1990s, always painting White South Africans as evil and oppressive, always pushing for boycotts and other punitive measures against South Africa, and always pushing for the Whites who built South Africa to turn the government of their country over to the Blacks there. And they noticed the sudden loss of interest by the media in South Africa after the Whites there foolishly yielded to media pressure and gave
11
their country to the Blacks. The perceptive Whites here found out, despite the sudden loss of media interest, about the surge in Black crime in South Africa: about the rapes of White women, the murder of White farmers, the reign of terror over their fellow Blacks by Black witch doctors. They found out, despite the media, about the sinking of South Africa back into the jungle, into savagery. They noticed, despite minimal media coverage, the seizing of White farms by the Black dictator in neighboring Rhodesia, now called “Zimbabwe.” And they remembered how the media had assured them, more than 20 years ago, that everything would be much better in Rhodesia once the Blacks were allowed to rule there.
And much more recendy, perceptive Whites in America have noticed the rioting by Blacks and Asians in England, they have noticed the rise in non-White crime and the attacks on Whites by non-Whites in England and the proliferation of Black and Asian gangs there. They have noticed the similarity between non-White behavior in America and South Africa and Rhodesia and England. They have noticed how this non-White behavior always becomes worse, not better, as the non-Whites gain political and economic power. They have noticed that the media always tell the same lies about racial conflict and make the same excuses for non-White behavior, no matter in what country it occurs. And they have wondered whether, perhaps, they are seeing a pattern that tells them something important about racial differences and about the motivations of the controlled media. They are wondering whether, perhaps, there is a lesson for them about what to expect in America if the present demographic trends are permitted to continue and to give us a non-White majority here in another few decades.
And the perceptive minority of White people notice other things too. They notice President Bush’s obsequious behavior in the presence of Ariel Sharon, the Butcher of Beirut, during the latter’s visit to the White House this week. Sharon, remember, is the Jewish war criminal who deliberately provoked the current violence in Palestine last year in order to improve his chances of becoming Israel’s prime minister. Mr. Bush pretends to be
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
very concerned about restoring peace to the Middle East, but it is obvious that he is simply dancing to whatever tune is played by the Jews. Any government that welcomes a creature such as Sharon — any President who hugs such a creature for the television cameras — can elicit only disgust from decent people, and there still are a few decent people left in America.
There’s one other thing Vm sure is noticed by perceptive Americans. Every time I have been interviewed by the Jewish media during the past six years — not just by Mike Wallace, but by all of them — and the subject of the Oklahoma City bombing has come up, the suggestion is made that the reason Timothy McVeigh blew up the Federal building in Oklahoma City is that he read a novel that 1 wrote 25 years ago, The Turner Diaries, in which there is a fictional bombing of the FBI headquarters in Washington. This happened again last week: Mike Wallace implicidy blamed me for the Oklahoma City bombing because Tim McVeigh had read my book. I had to point out to him what should have been obvious to every perceptive American that what provoked the Oklahoma City bombing was not my book but the attack by the Clinton government — by Bill Clinton and Janet Reno — on the Branch Davidian church in Waco,
Texas, exacdy two years earlier.
Dr. William Pierce
McVeigh was outraged that the Clinton government had murdered 90 innocent people, mosdy women and children, in the completely unjustified attack on the church. He had traveled to Waco during the FBI siege of the church and expressed his outrage there, he had said in court at the time of his sentencing what his motivation was, and he had explained his motivation in detail to writers who interviewed him later in prison. But the media people, Mike Wallace and all the rest of them, always cover for the Clinton government and try to place the blame on me instead. The lemmings don’t notice that, but perceptive people do.
And as perceptive people notice more and more of these things, more and more of them fall out of step with Mike Wallace and Morris Dees and the whole structure of opinion control
that the Jews have erected to keep White Americans in line and in step.
And I'll tell you one thing I noticed in watching the broadcast of my 60 Minutes II interview last week. I try to be objective when I view such things — I try to put myself in the shoes of the average, intelligent member of the audience and see it as he would see it — and my impression was that Mike Wallace and Morris Dees and CBS and the whole, rotten, Jewish structure of which they are part looked weak. They looked weaker and more vulnerable than I have ever seen them. When at the end of the interview Mike Wallace grinned his very Jewish grin and told me how vile my views are, he was speaking for his fellow Jews and for their liberal fellow travelers — for the feminists and the homosexuals and the rest — but he was speaking for fewer ordinary White Americans than ever before. And my impression was that that showed.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Mike Wallace’s Lesson,” aired on June 30, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.
Fast and Furious
Last week I gave an interview to English-language radio station in eran. The program was uThe nic Voice of Iran” We talked t a number of things, including Sharons visit to the White ', which was taking place at the nd about President Bush's ^op-ratings. The Iranian inter-sked me whether Bush would none sensible, pro-American the Middle East or would taking orders from Israel, to lent of American interests, be Clinton administration
rse, I explained to him was really no difference ublicans and Democrats d. They both dance to the Jews are playing at
the moment, and that George Bush would no more dare to disobey the Jews than Bill Clinton would. I told the Iranian interviewer that there are minor differences between the Republican Party and the Democratic Party, with the Democrats pandering a bit more to the welfare class and the Republicans paying a bit more lip service to things such as military preparedness and energy production, but that on the really essential issues — immigration, racial policy, media control, foreign policy — both parties do what they're told and don't give the Jews any back talk.
The Iranian had a hard time understanding this. If one party — the Democrats, say — were controlled by Jews and supported Jewish interests, then surely there would be another
party — presumably the Republicans — representing the interests of the American people. He couldn’t understand how the Jews, making up only 2.5 per cent of the U.S. population, could have the whole political process under their control and in particular could dictate U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East, regardless of who is in the White House or which party controls the Congress. What about the other 97.5 per cent of the population? They also have interests, and they can vote. Why aren’t their interests supported by some political party?
The difficulty my Iranian interviewer had in understanding how politics works in America has two facets. One of these is the dominant influence the mass media of news and
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
13
JOIN. TMFrTEJtM

K«M<m<KWUUmUUMU
mm**-.
entertainment, which are largely in the hands of the country’s very small Jewish minority, have on public opinion and attitudes, on the mass culture, and on the political process. In Iran tradition is much more important in determining public opinion. And Iran is a much more homogeneous country, at least in a cultural and religious sense, than is the United States. In America the media have to a large extent weaned the people away from their traditions and from their cultural and religious roots and substituted a made-in-Hollywood trash-culture with ersatz traditions in their place. The media are increasingly important in influencing public opinion everywhere in the developed countries — even in Iran, no doubt — but nowhere has the process been as thorough and as destructive as it has been in the United States.
A second barrier to understanding is the subtlety and indirection that is used by the media bosses in achieving their aims. They almost never make a head-on attack against the traditions or values of the host population. They look for conflict, for inconsistency, for vice or hypocrisy or weakness, and they exploit it to gain a foothold. Then they use one facet of popular belief or tradition to undermine another. For example, they will proclaim themselves champions of “fair play,” and then they will per-
suade the public that fair play requires that no distinction be made between Asians and Europeans in setting immigration policy. If we let Englishmen and Germans and Swedes into America, then it wouldn’t be fair to keep out Vietnamese and Chinese and Pakistanis, they tell us.
Or they will play on the average American’s resentment of governmental interference in his private affairs to promote the idea that homosexuality is just as normal as heterosexuality and that neither the government nor individuals should make a distinction between the two. What people do in the privacy of their bedrooms is no one else’s business, therefore the government should require landlords, employers, Boy Scout troops, and everyone else to treat homosexuals just like heterosexuals: a bit of a non sequitur, but the media have been remarkably successful at using such illogical arguments to shift public opinion on a number of issues.
And because the media are able to influence public opinion so strongly, all the politicians, Republicans as well as Democrats, dance to their tune. The politicians understand that the tiny Jewish minority, only 2.5 per cent of the population, through their control of the media are the single most important influence on the public’s perception of issues, of government policies, and of the politi-
cians themselves — and consequendy are the single most important influence on the outcome of elections. And it is for this reason that everyone can safely count on George Bush’s policy toward Israel being whatever the Jews want it to be.
Anyway, although I explained this as clearly as I could to my Iranian interrogator, I think he didn’t really believe me. He was ready to accept the fact that the Jews are a very bad influence on American policy in the Middle East, but he couldn’t accept the fact that through their control of the mass media of news and entertainment they have made irrelevant and meaningless the whole idea of mass democracy. He couldn’t assimilate the idea that party politics in America has become just a shell game to keep the rubes confused about what’s really happening and who’s running the country. He knew that Jews are bad news, but he couldn’t grasp the fact that the most powerful country in the world, economically and militarily, is so totally in their malign grip.
And really, when I try to put myself in the Iranian’s shoes, it’s hard for me to believe it myself: a mere 2.5 per cent of the population, a historically despised and hated group who have been kicked out of every country in Europe, and there’s not a single mainstream American politician brave enough to defy them; a tiny, clannish
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 | Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
14
group who have a stranglehold on the mighty American nation; a case of the tail wagging the dog. How do they do it7 It doesn’t seem possible.
Well, of course, it is possible, and I’ll tell you how they do it: they do it with images and myths. They do it by controlling the perceptions that most people have of the world around themselves. The Jews create myths about what the world is like and then generate false images to match the myths. And they project these myths and false images of the world into the minds of their hosts.
I’ll give you a specific example of this. There is a new film out by Universal Pictures. It’s called The Fast and the Furious. It’s a film directed at White teenagers, a film designed to give them a particular image of the world and instill in them a myth about the way the world works. It’s a film about modern, urban teenagers — specifically street gangs in Los Angeles — and cars and street racing. That might seem harmless, enough, but the street racing is just a gimmick on which to hang the message, and that message is that the world is multicultural, and it’s good that it’s multicultural. It’s good not to live in a White world, with White friends and White role models and White values and White standards and traditions. That’s boring. That’s not cool.
The message is that there’s nothing special about being White. The message is that if one is White, then one should hang out with Blacks and Asians and mestizos. One should behave like non-Whites, talk like them, dress like them, be like them. That’s what’s cool. That’s what’s sexy. That’s what everybody who’s really cool is doing. And when you feel like having some sex, you just reach for whoever is nearest. It doesn’t matter at all what race the other person is. If you’re a White girl, it’s especially cool to have sex with a Black or Asian or mestizo male.
That’s the most obvious message of the film, but actually it’s more than that It’s not really that the film says race doesn’t matter, that we’re really all the same; that culture doesn’t matter, that all cultures are equivalent. The film says that Whites should become non-White, because non-White is better. The cultural milieu of the film is not raceless or a little of this and a little of that. The cultural
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
Nick, 18, and Mollie, 19, watch illegal street racing in San Jose, California
milieu is Black. The culture is hip-hop. The music is hip-hop. The clothing style, with the baggy shorts and the rest, is hip-hop. It’s Black. That is the world into which White teenagers should blend, the world to which they should subordinate themselves.
Surely, White teenagers aren’t actually absorbing that message. Are they? Yes, unfortunately, many of them are. The Fast and the Furious is drawing bigger crowds than any other film produced by Hollywood this season. It grossed $78 million in its first ten days. White teenagers are flocking to it more than to any other movie. The attraction, of course, is the action, the street racing, the exciting car stunts. That’s the gimmick that pulls them in. But that’s not the message. The message — which of course, is subliminal: that is, which is intended to change the kids’ perception of the world at a subconscious level — is exacdy what I just described: it’s cool to be part of the hip-hop culture; it’s cool to be multicultural; it’s cool not to act White, think White, or be White.
That’s the message, and it’s a Jewish message: Jewish in its conception, Jewish in its promotion, Jewish in its genocidal intent.
You think I’m imagining things? I’ll read to you from a story about the film in last Saturday’s edition of the Los Angeles Times:
Hollywood was stunned when the youth-oriented action film The Fast and the Furious streaked past the competition to become the number-one movie.... With its relatively unknown cast of Latinos, Asians, and African-Americans, heavy doses of high-speed chases, and a driving hip-hop soundtrack, the movie defied expectations.
...But the teen-oriented movie's success isn't so surprising when one glimpses the youthful crowds flocking to theaters.... With their ultra-baggy cargo shorts, doo-rags wrapped around their heads, and bodies festooned with tattoos and piercings, the look of these young moviegoers mirrors the multiethnic melange of actors on the screen....
Hollywood likes to pride itself on being ahead of the cultural curve, but with last summer's sassy white-versus-black cheerleading comedy Bring It On grossing $68.4 million domestically and this winter's Save the Last Dance, with its once-taboo interracial dating, raking in more than $90 million in North America alone, the studios have only begun to catch up with the colorblind nature of today's MTV generation.
Rob Cohen, who directed The Fast and the Furious, said the film not only reflects today's "multiculti" youth culture without purposely drawing attention to it, but depicts what is really going on. When the movie opened, it drew a cross-section of races, Cohen said. Surveys taken at theaters where The Fast and the Furious played showed that 50 per cent of moviegoers were white, 24 per cent were Hispanic, 10 per cent were black, and 11 per cent were Asian. "I look at this and go. This is exactly what I'm talking about,"' Cohen said.... Attracting a young audience across the country — a mainstay of big summer popcorn hits — The Fast and the Furious has grossed an estimated $78 million in less tnan two weeks and is on track to make well over $100 million.
I want to emphasize a couple of things in what I just read to you, besides the fact that the director of the film is the Jew Rob Cohen and the studio is Universal Pictures, owned by the Jew Edgar Bronfman. First, note that Mr. Cohen is very much aware of the racial angle in his film. That’s all he talks about, not the racing stunts. And note that he says he put the racial propaganda into his film in way that would not “draw attention to it”: that is, he put it in as subliminal propaganda.
One other thing: the story in the Los Angeles Times implies that this film and other films like it are imitating society, not the other way around. But that’s not true. These Jewish films are propaganda deliberately designed to move society in the direction the Jews want it to go. White kids didn’t start wearing baggy shorts and backward baseball caps and listening to rap music and using jive talk just because that’s what young Blacks were doing: it was Jewish films and Jewish television and Jewish advertising that pushed them in this direction, that persuaded them it is cool to imitate Blacks.
© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year
FREE SPEECH for July 2001
15
The Times story refers to the stu-dios catching up with “today’s MTV generation.” But really, how did it become the “MTV generation”? That name is appropriate just because MTV has been the single largest influence on White teenagers in moving them away from their roots in their own race and making roodess cosmopolitans out of them. MTV has been the foremost promoter of the hip-hop lifestyle among young Whites. And I hardly need to remind you that it is the very Jewish Sumner Redstone, originally known as Murray Rothstein to his parents, who owns MTV. Redstone’s MTV and his Paramount Pictures studio may be a litde ahead of the other Hollywood studios, but they’re all pushing in the same direction as hard as they can.
This is an essential point: namely, that the Jewish media are pushing our society, and not the other way around, and the Jews are understandably reluctant to admit that. Last Saturday’s Los Angeles Times story interviewed another Jewish film producer in this regard:
Marc Abraham, one of the producers of Bring It On, noted: "There is a much more interracial aspect in today's culture than the way this country used to be. Any movie that reflects that — and it doesn't mean they'll all be hits like The Fast and the Furious — will ring true with the audience"
As I indicated, that is deliberate misdirection. And there’s more misdirection in the Times story. It also interviews the Black director of Sumner Redstone’s racemixing film Save the Last Dance:
"The movie business is certainly catching up with what7s happening in society," said Thomas Carter, who directed Save the Last Dance. "Youth culture has been shifting a long time.... Places like MTV are right on the edge and totally involved in tne change. In filmmaking we lag behind."
But of course, Redstone’s MTV, which as Carter notes is “totally involved in the change,” is into film-making too. Anyway, it’s really an artificial distinction to contrast Jewish television with Jewish cinema. Red-sone isn’t the only Jewish media boss who is deeply involved in both media.
One of Bronfman’s subordinates, the Jew Marc Shmuger, says it a little more plainly, and again I quote from last Saturday’s Los Angeles Times story:
"I think the segregated groupings are breaking down in today's Amenca, and I
think today's movie audience is a complex mix," said Marc Shmuger, vice chairman of Universal Pictures, which released The Fast and the Furious. But Shmuger warned that if the movie industry starts making multiethnic movies "in a calculating and cynical fashion," the audience will sense that and stay away.
In other words, keep the propaganda subde, keep it subliminal, so that we don’t tip off the goyim that it’s really propaganda. I’ll read one more section from the Los Angeles Times story:
Just as The Fast and the Furious shows young people of all races gathered in large groups unmindful of their racial differences and not hung up on sex, Gary Scott Thompson, one of the film's writers, said todays young movie audiences also are that way. "It used to be that a boy and a girl would go on a date," he said. "Now what's happening is groups of kids who are friends — multiracial boys and girls — all move in date packs together. It's like a date, but they don't consider it dating. Some of them might neck; some of them might not. None of them think anything much about it. They are much more open when talking about sex.... They've broken down the cultural barriers."... Rob Friedman, vice chairman of Paramount Pictures Motion Picture Group, said the studio began noticing the colorblind nature of young audiences with its 1999 high school pigskin drama Varsity Blues, "it's really about their peers, regardless of race, and to a certain extent gender as well," Friedman said. "When it came to Save the Last Dance, it became more and more apparent young people don't care whether the relationship is interracial. The music is great, the story is great."
As I’ve already mentioned, Paramount Pictures belongs to Sumner Redstone, and I hardly need to tell you that his employee Rob Friedman is a Jew, like nearly all the other executives at Paramount Pictures.
This new development of White teenagers running in “date packs,” as the scriptwriter put it, with Blacks, Asians, and mestizos and having very casual and very interracial sex did not evolve spontaneously, as the media bosses and their employees would have us believe. It has been promoted deliberately by Hollywood and by television and by Madison Avenue. Sumner Redstone’s MTV may be a bit bolder in this regard than the other Jewish media, but all of them have been working together for decades toward the same goal, and that goal is the annihilation of our people. They
say, “Oh, we’re just reflecting with our films and our TV shows and our magazine ads what your society has become all by itself,” but that is a conscious, calculated lie. They know exacdy what they have done and are doing, and one can easily sense them gloating over it when one reads their remarks in the Los Angeles Times.
I’ve said this a thousand times already in different words, but when we permitted the Jews to come into our society and take over our mass media of news and entertainment — our newspapers and our radio broadcasting networks and our motion picture and advertising industries and then television broadcasting — we handed them the weapons with which they intended from the beginning to destroy us and now are destroying us. This program of theirs to corrupt and destroy us didn’t begin with the Second World War and the so-called “Holocaust” It is a consequence of their nature. The “Holocaust” was not the cause of their destructive behavior, but rather a consequence.
If you believe that I am hallucinating when I say that, see for yourself what Jews such as Edgar Bronfman and Sumner Redstone are producing for the entertainment of our children, and you try to explain it in any other way. I know that the majority of our own people, lemmings that they are, are dancing to the Jews’ tune now, along with the politicians. That is a shame, but it in no way excuses us from our task. Many of those who have become blinded by the Jews and have become collaborators of the Jews will unavoidably become “collateral damage” in the struggle and the chaos that lie ahead, but we must do whatever is necessary to free our people from the spell cast over them by the Jews. To that task I have consecrated my life, and I invite each of you to do likewise.
This article is based on the American Dissident Voices program “Fast and Furious,” aired on July 7, 2001. A cassette recording of this broadcast is available from National Vanguard Books for $12.95 postpaid.

send $40.00, your name and address, and a note sayings- “I want to subscribe to free speech” to the address on the bottom of this page
subscriberto!MP?SPEE(;H

© 2001 • National Vanguard Books • Box 330 • Hillsboro • WV 24946 • $40/year