~h3'7£J7
Volume 2 - Issue 7
FROM THE DK$K OP i |§ RENO WOLFE
This last month has been one of historical significance for the NAAWP National!
First of all, NAAWP National has completely revamped and reformatted our National Websites. These new sites went worldwide on July 14th. At this time, they are “linked” to over 8,000,000 other sites!
Every Single State is represented within
this site, plus an International page! To tell
you how effective our new professional site is becoming, in the
first 24 hours of its existence, we received 10 applications for
membership! It has been through the dedication of members and
supporters that it has been possible to take yet another GIANT
step forward.
The entire NAAWP National family owes a great debt of gratitude to our Webmaster, Rich Faraone, NAAWP of Louisiana, and his loyal staff. Mr. Faraone also owns “Southeastern Internet Service Providers”, which means our sites cannot be removed due to the complaints of our adversaries.
In the State of Virginia, NAAWP National has appointed Mr. Mark Hopkins as State Director.
In the State of New York, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Don Hood as Eastern New York Director and Mr. Bob Edwards as Western New York Director. These individuals went through an intensive interview procedure before they were selected for their positions. Quite a few applied, and many were extremely qualified. The individuals who were not selected will make the NAAWP National even stronger through their dedication and loyalty. It will be through them and our State Directors that they will form the backbone of the NAAWP National throughout this country.
(Continued on page 2) FROM THE DESK OF
Copyright 1999 by NAAWP National, Inc.
A word from a
“Founding Father”
"It is not because right principles have been violated that they are to be abandoned. I had then but little expectation of surviving, and those about me had less. I know therefore, by experience, the conscientious trial of my own principles. I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection.
Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death."
Thought you might enjoy some of these quotes from Thomas Paine (1737-1809), which may be used in the newsletter. He's one of my favorite writers. Best always, George
Submitted by George Crane
National NAAWP Headquarters has moved from New Orleans to Callahan, FI. All correspondence and inquiries should be sent to Reno Wolfe at: P.O.Box 1727 Callahan, Florida 32011. All Memberships and renewals, change of address, etc. please send to: Ray Thomas, Vice-President & National Director, NAAWP National, Inc., P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, Florida 33681.
(Continued from page 1) FROM THE DESK OF
Previously, John Weiss of Philadelphia was appointed State Director in Pennsylvania. Mr. Weiss is a long time civil rights activist on issues that concern the NAAWP National. He brings great integrity and dedication to our cause. We are extremely proud to have an individual of John Weiss’s ability in the NAAWP National. Great things will be happening in Pennsylvania!
In the great Bayou State of Louisiana, Mr. Faraone is the State Director, and just like his outstanding professional work on the new website, he has done the same as State Director. It is because of this outstanding dedication to our cause, Mr. Faraone was appointed to the NAAWP National Board of Advisors.
As you can see, the NAAWP National Board of Directors has gone to great lengths to ensure that the right individuals are selected for Leadership positions. No longer will individuals who have used the NAAWP in the past to further their own extremist agenda use us. This last 2 months has truly been historic!
FROM A READER
Thank God for your organization! We door mats (white People) need your help desperately.Even the brainwashed need a organization like yours but don't know it. I was once brainwashed but I moved to a new town and have first hand experience and know what the real deal is. The truth is most black people are bigots and think white people are to be pushed around and exploited.
-------------—
Reflections:
There was a very eloquent speech given by the valedictorian of Columbine High School in Littleton,
Colorado. The young lady spoke of shattered lives, and how the community came together after the tragedy that
occurred last April. In her speech she recounted on how a very valuable stained glass window was intentionally cut up into pieces, and each piece numbered. These pieces were then distributed to the citizens. The reason for this was that this stained glass window was to be protected against being destroyed during WWII. After the war, the citizens all brought forth these little pieces of numbered stained glass, and it was reassembled.
Each and every one of us is a “piece” of our ancestors and forefathers. The valuable stained glass window of our past was their creation. They fought the tyranny of their homeland in order to create the valuable stained glass window called “America”.
Over the years, our politicians have shattered this valuable, precious and priceless piece of glass and each and every one of us carry a small piece. We let them break it! When they did, we did nothing. In fact, some of us even voted for these same people again, and gave them the opportunity to break it even more! Now, our children cany some of these pieces of this once valuable stained glass window.
The NAAWP, National wants to reassemble this very valuable piece of glass. Each and every single citizen, who owes their birthright to our forefathers, and to the principles that this nation was founded on, has a piece of this valuable stained glass window. Let us honor our past, and put it back together! We can, collectively, put it back stronger than it ever was. Help us find ALL the pieces, for our children’s sake, before it is too late to put it back together.
Reno Wolfe, President NAAWP, National
Thank you and God bless!
NAAWP cannot accept credit cards for membership dues or merchandise.
Advertisement Space Available
We regret this inconvenience. Money Orders and Checks Only, Please.
THANK YOU
Contact NAAWP for Information and Rates
2
From a Reader
Thank you for your article regarding the 4th.
Living in L.A. - the points you hit on, are all too obvious for us here. Things have deteriorated even farther, though amongst fellow whites, who have seriously questioned my thoughts on wearing an N.A.A.W.P. or a "White Pride / World Wide" T-shirt to work. T shirts are acceptable, and last week a colored person wore a N.A.A.C.P. "t" to work and yet no one questioned his right to wear that.
My friends who questioned me aren't White guilt liberals, they applaud my desire to do so, yet they feel it will cause me backlash.
How sad is that, we can't be openly proud of our White heritage, without being considered "trouble makers".
I intend on wearing both T-shirts with pride, and without fear of reprisals, even though that may be an outcome. It is a sad state of affairs, but the fight has just begun. Chet
Where a government fears their citizens - there is FREEDOM Where the people fear their government - there is TYRANNY
Join
NAAWP National
Become a Leader in your area.
SUPPORT WHITE RIGHTS
MEMBERSHIP
NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTION
$25.00 annual membership
Get your 1 year membership to NAAWP National, Inc. and receive 10 issues of the NAAWP newsletter.
Send to:
Ray Thomas Vice-President & National Director NAAWP National, Inc.
P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, Florida 33681
I just read 5 or 6 articles from the both of you and Reno. One of them was about "morality" and the NAACP. I wish it was not so late because I would like to fill you in on black morality. As a person who works in the criminal justice system as a private contractor, I am around blacks about 70% of the time. Their concept of religion and morality are NOT EVEN CLOSE to what our white, Celtic minds conceive of when we think of morals and values. I have had too many of them tell me to my face that it is their "duty" to get what they can from whitey. They steal, shoplift, forge, all in the name of what is "right" for them. Not what is right for society or right from a Judao-Christian perspective. I have even had some tell me their pastors preach along these same lines. They can go to church, scream, yell, praise Jesus, etc., and then go to the mall and steal, lie, etc., etc. And to think - our government supports and promotes this! God help us. Rick
3
Home Depot
Would you like day laborers with your order ?
The Orange County Register reported on Tuesday that businesses such as Home Depot have started acting as informal day laborer hiring halls/agencies. The Register notes that some communities have set up designated hiring halls for workers to sell themselves at.
The Register also reported the results of a 'study' that involved surveying day laborers to determine if they were an economic liability. Unsurprisingly, the survey showed that these laborers earned more money than they could at home. They also earned more than the minimum wage in many cases. Perhaps the next study can explain why Americans won't do low skilled labor for high wages.
Dear Editor, NEWARK star ledger.
The article "Hands-Off Hate" by Brian Levin is a very one sided liberal bit of trash. It conveniently overlooks the benefits of the Web, and is selective in it's criticisms.
Citing the case of Benjamin Nathan Smith of Winnetka, he fails to note the Jewish upbringing of Smith. Levin does not mention the terrorist Jewish Defense League, or it's partner the Jewish Defense Organization.
The NAAWP is listed as a civil rights organization in Comptons Encyclopedia of Organizations, the same description given the NAACP, whose head Mr. Mfume, has fathered 5 illegitimate children by 5 different mothers, and pays no child support to any of them. The NAAWP sprang up for the abuses of LBJ's "affirmative action" programs, which are clearly directed at white men.
Other web sites overlooked are the Black Panthers, Students For a Democratic Society, the Weather Underground, The "Russian" Mafia, Black Racial Congress, Nation of Islam, and various gangs such as the Crips, the Reds, The Greens, The Bloods, ad nauseum.
On 17 August 1998 in Fayetteville NC, a group of 5 black Hispanic kidnapped two blond young women and executed them as part of a ritual requirement for entry into The Crips. Not a word of this hate crime appeared in any NJ newspapers. I found it on the big, bad, nasty Internet.
Blacks murder and rape whites at a rate 7 times the reverse, and you won't find that story being printed in any major media source. God Bless the Internet!
For Publication, Edward J. Toner Jr. LCDR USN (RET.)
"Can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people that these liberties are of the gift of God ?"
Thomas Jefferson: Notes on Va., 1782.
Clinton’s Vietnam
"Now let's see here if I understand all this correctly.
President Clinton has ordered our forces to engage an entrenched, politically motivated enemy, backed by the Russians, on their home ground, in a foreign civil war, in difficult terrain, with limited military objectives, bombing restrictions, boundary and operational restrictions, queasy allies, far across the ocean, with uncertain goals, without prior consultation with congress, the potential for escalation, while limiting the forces at his disposal, and the majority of Americans opposed to or at least uncertain about the value of the action being worth American lives. "So just what was it that he was opposed to in Vietnam?"
by Lt.Gen. Tom Griffin USA (ret.)
MISCEGENATION
What the Holy Bible Has to SAY Concerning Race-Mixing and Interracial Marriage
A 23 Page Booklet $3.50 cash or postal money order
Christian Covenant Fellowship and Ministry P.O.Box 1231 Chickasha, OK 73023
4
	
Dear Editor	Thomas Jefferson certainly did not believe in "big government." Even in his time, he felt that there was more government than what was needed.
Liberals are always pulling the gun ploy, blaming an inanimate object for the pathological behavior of human beings. In so doing, the liberals reveal themselves as irrational and superstitious. Do away with guns, they reason, and everyone will be given a high IQ, high morals, a sense of responsibility and a healthy mind.	"I think, myself, that we have more machinery of government than is necessary, too many parasites living on the labor of the industrious."
Guns no more cause crimes or suicides than bricks cause buildings. A constant can never be the cause of a variable. In America, the	Thomas Jefferson to W. Ludlow, 1824.
constant is private ownership and ready access to firearms. The variable is the crime rate. As a matter of fact, firearms are less available today than at any time in American history, and crime is rampant, particularly in the states that do not allow a person to carry a concealed weapon. What the liberals are really trying to do with the gun ploy is to avoid facing the truth. The violent and brutish society they complain	SAD - BUT TRUE HH8P=
about is precisely the society they created. Many things the liberals wanted, they got, and are getting more of all the time. They wanted sexual promiscuity; dope; disregard for the law; lax censorship of pornography; lax or no laws against sodomy; abortion on	When I was a young boy I would go to parades and as old glory came by I would get goose bumps and a lump in my throat.it would almost put tears to my eyes.
demand; easy divorces; acceptance of homosexuality; civilian review boards to second-guess police; Miranda warnings and public defenders; a welfare system that pays women to have illegitimate	There was once a time when I would have fought to my death for that flag.
children; a tax system that encourages, almost mandates, mothers take a job resulting in broken marriages; work, savings and investments, and subsidizes non-work and immorality. Liberals have gotten most of this.	Those days are gone, they left me when I found the truth of what this country means to me. It no longer stands for truth and justice.
Now liberals profess to be surprised, even shocked, at the brutish, immoral, violent and sordid society they have created. Liberals should	The people of this once great country are being treated as second class citizens.
have been studying Rome rather than pressing for this agenda. It's called reaping what you sow. We don't have a gun problem or a drug problem. We have a people problem and a culture problem.	I live in New England in the same area the country was formed. It was formed by a group of men and women like our selves that wanted to live free and not to be run by the federal government. We wanted to make our own destinies.
For publication, Edward J. Toner Jr. A thief stuck a pistol in a gentleman's ribs and said, “Give me your money.”	I took my flag down and I have replaced it with the stars and bars. I get a lot of feed back -and all I say is at least these people fought for what they believed in - and they were Americans just the same as we were - but they had Ideals that they thought were worth dying for.
The gentleman shocked by the sudden attack said, “You can’t do this, I am a congressman.” The thief said, 'In that case, give me my money.'	SO - if you want to get a message across - raise your stars and bars and tell the world that you are proud to be white!
This joke could make thieves out of all of us		
5
(
NAAWP of Hawaii wrote:
Bonnie Burke did not have one White person on the jury.
Maui police officer Bonnie Burke loses sex harassment case against MPD By PAULA GILLINGHAM
HONOLULU ~ A federal jury has decided that Maui police officer Bonnie Burke was not sexually or racially harassed by Maui County and its police department.
The jury of four women and four men began deliberations last Friday morning, recessed over the weekend, then presented its verdict to U.S. District Court Judge Susan Oki Mollway at about 11 a. m. Monday.
Burke was not in the courtroom to hear the decision. Heeding a doctor's advice that attending the trial could cause her more emotional damage, Burke had not appeared since she testified on May 19 and 20.
Her attorney Michael Nauyokas said he expected her "to be veiy disappointed."
A Maui Police Department officer since 1991, Burke, a Caucasian, alleged that throughout her career she had to endure vulgar language and hand gestures, racist and sexist name-calling, the showing of pornographic films and magazines at the Lahaina station, and was shunned by her colleagues. She also claimed that as a recruit, she was told that women were expected to perform sexual favors for their superiors.
She also testified that she was sexually harassed by former Deputy Chief Lanny Tihada at least 11 different times, four of which resulted in rapes.
After none of these incidents, however, did Burke seek medical help, nor did she file any formal complaints against Tihada. To have done so, she testified, "would have been the end of my career" because of Tihada's authority.
(During his testimony, Tihada denied Burke's charges, saying the two had consensual sex on two occasions. He retired from the force in 1996.)
Defense attorney Tamara Gerard said there were ways Burke could have gotten help.
'If you've got a policy (to complain about sexual or racial harassment), people should take advantage of it," Gerard said.
Burke's was the fourth in a series of lawsuits initiated in recent years by female MPD employees charging sexual harassment by their peers or supervisors. Her case was the
(Continued on page 7) MPD

Be sure to visit the New
NAAWP National Website
at; http: / / www. naawp. com
GOODBYE WHITE AMERICA
It seems the “new leadership of America” is hell bent for wiping out any trace of White America.
For some unknown, and unfathomable reason or reasons, this group of people in the supposed white power structure who were indulged and given every privilege our society had to offer, are destroying the right to life, liberty and the pursuit for white people living in this country.
What continues to boggle the mind is the fact that the majority population of “white Americans” continues to sit back and allow it to happen, and in many cases, even cheer those efforts that are gradually eroding their rights to the point where they will wake up some morning and ask, “how did this all happen?”
Should anyone wonder, just watch some of the old “disinformation” propaganda movies made during World War II by Frank Capra, at the direction of the US Government.
Today, we have a non-stop media blitz by the press, movies, magazines and television, bombarding our senses with the “facts” showing how white America is constantly, and never ending, persecuting blacks in America.
Watching the recent newscast regarding that tragic murder in a small town in Texas, I could not help but notice how the whites that were interviewed were suddenly afflicted by tremendous guilt over their latent “racism”. The local sheriff was very saddened by his “act of racism” in that he did not stop to talk to a little black boy as he walked down the street.
(Continued on page 7) Goodbye
M ■	•*
6
(Continued from page 6) MPD
only one to go to trial.
Police officer Stacey Sylos was awarded $210,000 and a five-year administrative leave settlement, and Molokai police dispatcher Susan McPherson reached an agreement for $20,000.
Former police officer Malia Chun originally was scheduled to go to trial with Burke, but withdrew in lieu of a pending out-of-court settlement.
Attorney Richard Rand, who along with Gerard was hired by Maui County to defend against Burke's lawsuit, said at one point a settlement had been reached between the county and Burke's attorneys. But for reasons he would not disclose, the deal fell apart and the trial ensued.
Nauyokas, one of several attorneys for Burke, said his client was seeking an undetermined sum for emotional distress damages, and payment for past, present and future lost wages of more than $800,000. He said he would need to speak with Burke before deciding whether to appeal the verdict.
Nauyokas said he has filed a motion for a mistrial because, "We think there was a real unfortunate violation part way through the trial."
Nauyokas called the testimony of Maui police officers Jamie Becraft and Micah Adams about a March 1996 party at Burke's home a violation of federal evidence rules, saying it might have wrongly influenced the jury.
The officers testified that Burke modeled a negligee and discussed sexual toys with them, but on the morning of the day after that testimony Judge Mollway instructed the jury to disregard it. Burke's attorney had objected that the sexual behavior and habits of their client was not relevant to the case, and Mollway agreed.
Rand said he doubts a mistrial will be declared because the judge already ruled that the testimony be stricken.
Rand said he hopes Burke can put it all behind her, and if and when her doctor releases her, she is welcome to return to the department.
Still on MPD's payroll as a patrol officer, Burke, 46, continues to collect workers' compensation benefits of $463 weekly. She has been on medical leave for psychological distress since October 1997.
“I'm not going to say she was lying,” Rand said. "It's just that the jury did not find her testimony as credible. Ms. Burke
(Continued on page 9) MPD
(Continued from page 6) Goodbye
Did he also act “racist” by not stopping to talk to each and every little white boy, as he strolled down the street?
Several other local white citizens were interviewed and gosh, they also had harbored “racist” thoughts over the years. I am sure that given enough time and mind conditioning these same people will see the light.
Our Minister of Mind Control will see to that.
I think back to a day many years ago when I proudly took an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States and put on my recruit uniform as a US Marine. Since then I have watched MY rights being eroded and disappear under the leadership in the NEW REPUBLIC OF AMERICA.
The sad part is that I am losing those rights due to the leadership of the same people who were burning draft cards and protesting against Big Brother.
I never thought I would see the day when I would be ashamed to call myself an American, if in fact white people are still allowed to call themselves citizens in the New Black America.
Sincerely, Charles Meyer NAAWP member Bowie, MD.
7
INS Agents Cite Litany of Asylum Abuses
"Expedited removal" passed by Congress in 1996 was supposed to remove immediately those aliens making blatantly phony asylum claims, especially with false documents.
From Phoenix, we get some recent case studies on what's going on in fact:
Scenario 1: A Mexican female is detained while trying to re-enter the U.S. under a false claim. She claims to "have fear" to remain in Mexico, since her husband, who lives in the U.S. with his girlfriend, likes to cross the border occasionally to work in the alien smuggling business. She is paroled onto the streets until 7 months later, when she finally receives her asylum hearing and is promptly deported.
Scenario 2: A Central American woman with a work permit leaves the country and visits Mexico for the weekend. Upon re-entry, she is questioned about leaving the United States, which violates her visa agreement. She promptly claims that she didn't know she was in Mexico, and is still afraid to return to her Central American homeland. She claims that guerrillas will kill her if she returns. When pressed on the fact that she left as a child and is now an adult (and pregnant) she argues that the guerrillas keep old photos on the walls of their homes and may very well recognize her. And besides, she wants her child born here. She was released on her own recognizance.
History teaches us..................
"The reading (of history and historical texts) is the first stage, where [the great mass of the people] will receive their whole education, is proposed. History by apprising them of the past will enable them to judge the future; it will avail them of the experience of other times and other nations; it will qualify them as judges of the (corrupt) actions and (evil) designs of men; it will enable them to know ambition (and greed) under every disguise it may assume; and knowing it, to defeat it."
Thomas Jefferson
a What does history teach us...............read the
writings of the founding fathers and others.
NAAWP STAMP DRIVE
I wish to thank everyone who responded to our request for stamps. However, we fell far short of our goal for member participation. Ten percent of the membership can’t, nor should they, support the other ninety percent. Keep in mind that we have grown greatly in 1998, and we need to continue!
The stamps and stamp donations enabled us to send out packets of information to our Chapter Leaders. These cost $3.00 each to send out. An information packet to inquires and requests are $1.01 each. To send out the Rules and Regulations, with a cover letter, is .78 cents. As you can see, a book of stamps can go real quick! Then there is the letters sent out to those who are about to expire, then the confirmation letter back with their membership card. It all adds up to a great postage expense. This is why we need more than just 10% of the organization to contribute.
We are growing real fast as the only White Civil Rights Organization in the country. The Junior NAAWP National Website (naawp.net) is reaching out to our youth across America. The NAAWP National sites, (naawp.org and naawp.com) are “hit” hundreds of times a week. We are on the threshold of one of the greatest movements in the history of this nation, and doing it legally without violence or threats of violence.
Liberals say that it can’t be done. I know it CAN be done! Look what has happened in California with Proposition 209, and Proposition 200 in Washington state! We can do it, however, it takes more than 10% of our membership to do it. To those of you who have not sent stamps, it is only $6.60 for 1 book. Please help us answer the many who seek us for help and information.
(Continued from page 7) MPD
has always had financial problems. This was an attempt to cure that."
According to Rand, the decision exonerates the county of sexual harassment charges.
'This is a victory for all the men and women of the Maui Police Department who testified for the county," Rand said. "There was tremendous testimony about what MPD did for Bonnie Burke. Her fellow officers rallied around her. She forgot about that."
More than 30 witnesses testified during the three-week trial.
The jury's decision was welcome news to county Corporation Counsel James Takayesu.
"I'm really happy with the verdict," Takayesu said with relief. "The county's case seemed to get better as the case went on, but you're on pins and needles until the final verdict's in."
Takayesu declined to comment on how the Burke case might affect an out-of-court settlement with Malia Chun. Takayesu did indicate, however, that he believed an agreement that had been reached with Chun would be honored. It is awaiting approval by the County Council.
He credited the private attorneys hired by the county for doing a good job despite being brought into the case at a late stage.
Also, Takayesu said, Burke may have helped the county by overstating and exaggerating her case, which, in the end, hurt her credibility.
He said co-workers came to her aid when she was sick, sharing leave with her and bringing her groceries.
"That just does not conform to somebody who says she's being discriminated against because she's a woman," Takayesu said.
At some point, Takayesu said he'd like to sit down with members of the Maui County Council to do a post-mortem on the Burke case to see what can be learned from it.
All of the alleged incidents described in the various lawsuits occurred before present police Chief Tom Phillips took over the department last year. He said the department is reviewing and updating its policy on sexual harassment, which has been in place since 1994.
continued in adjacent column
continued from adjacent column
"We have a very strong policy," Phillips said earlier. "We'll continue to work at it and tiy to make things better."
Submitted by
Ronald Edmiston State Director NAAWP of Hawaii
http://www.freeusa. net/
FEMA ON Y2K
FEMA is the primary federal agency responsible for disaster relief, including what may happen due to disruptions caused by Y2K.
“All of us in the business look around at each other and say, what do we expect from this thing (Y2K) ? “And everyone says, we don't have the slightest idea," admitted Jerry Connolly, FEMA's assistant to the director for the office of Response and Recovery in Washington, D.C.
In the event of disruptions of power, telephone, food supplies and other essential services, the general population may be evacuated to shelters for safety, according to Connolly. The public has been advised by the Red Cross to have 72-hour kits well stocked because it will take three to five days before emergency supplies and shelters can be established in any particular area. Those who are better prepared may not be evacuated, he added.
"As far as we're concerned, it's voluntary (evacuations). But if the local government decides otherwise it would be up to the local government. You see it all the time during hurricanes on the coast. Where they may say the mayor has decided to evacuate the area. Sometimes they enforce it and take everybody out. Other times they allow people to have hurricane parties and what have you. It depends on the locality. There's no federal rule," explained Connolly.
And Clinton said everything would be “OK”
"•'Arirrw^. .
ItmUkP* *«« S* ^ Jl
The Constitution
As a political document,
the U.S. Constitution is little read and poorly understood. Yet it outlines the incredible ways that a truly free people can obtain and retain liberty. Unless certain aspects of its structure and meaning are understood, it will be impossible to realize the true genius of the document as it reveals the pure principles of liberty.
The Constitution embraces two systems of law.
First, public municipal law for private purposes operating in persona (in and for the individual person).
Second, private law for public purposes operating in rem (in and for property or anything that has nothing to do with the individual).
What is hard to initially understand is that the men who wrote this document wrote it in such a way that it would allow for the veiy things that government is doing today that we detest so much.
All of the despicable Regulations and interference of "big brother," with his detested heavy-handed tactics are all properly allowed by our Constitution. They are perfectly legal. This is because the United States government is allowed to operate outside the Constitution because it is operating in private Roman civil law. It is not treasonous for it to carry on the way it does, but it is treasonous that the citizenry are ignorant of their republican rights that can keep the government in check by removing the Roman civil law.
Of the two systems of law that the Constitution embraces, the entire population have been herded, over the years, into operating only in the private unilateral contractual side. This is the side where we have volunteered unknowingly into giving up the part of the Constitution that was designed to keep the private law out of public policy if used, accessed and maintained by the people.
What is unfortunate is that the citizen continues to assume that voting is making their desires known and that the government basically has the interest of the individual in mind. All the time unaware that private corporate business interest is what the government is there for (at this point) because the house of the Republic of the [u]nited States of America (ignorantly vacated) remains empty.
Buy a ticket!
One day, David went to the doctor and the doctor said that he had 10 days to 2 weeks left to live.
David said, “Dr. I've done good things all my life. All I ever wanted was to win the lottery, just once!”
The doctor said, 'Sorry David, your gonna die.'
So David went to his church and prayed. He said, “God, all I ever wanted was to win the lottery. Just once.”
The ceiling opened up and a light shined down upon David and a deep booming voice said...........
“David, try buying a ticket.”
The NAAWP, nor it’s membership, nor white Americans will win unless you buy a ticket.
In other words, you must be active, you must participate.
Everything is for sale. Lobbyists, make me an offer.
hillbilly
During my Military career, some of my good friends gave to me, some very important Titles !
Hick from the sticks.
Southern Fried Phoney Tennessee Tom Red Neck Hillbilly
According to Webster’s New Collegiate Dictionary, a Hillbilly is “a backwoodsman or mountaineer of the south.” So who am I to dispute Mr. Webster? But I have uncovered some NEW records! Would you believe it? We must enter British politics.
According to Billy Kennedy of Ireland, in one of his books, “The Scots-Irish in the hills of Tennessee”, “beginning in 1600 and for a hundred years, the Scottish settlers of Scotland, were relocated to Northern Ireland, as British drove out the native Irish to Southern Ireland. Between 1717 and the American Revolutionary War, 250, 000 of these Scots-Irish Ulstermen resettled again in the Appalachian Mountain section of British North America. The Ulstermen brought their culture to the New World. They brought with them, moonshining (illicit whiskey making). Stone fences and the Presbyterian Church. And, last but not least, there is our country music, with songs, bagpipes and the fiddle!
So the hill folk of the Appalachian region sang their songs to their friend and leader, King William III of Orange. HELL is the region of the folks. BILLY is William III of Orange, King of England, Scotland and Ireland.
So I’m very happy to be a HILLBILLY of TENNESSEE!
May God bless our great Christian Nation !
Submitted by a Southern NAAWP member.
James T.
AFFIRMATIVE ACTION
Affirmative action is another one of those well-intentioned government programs that have gone awry. In the 1960s and 70’s, it won popular support as a way of redressing the historic grievances, especially in education and employment, of the black community. It worked for a time but was distorted by dubious bureaucratic regulations, court rulings, and the multicultural left. It became an extensive system of anti-white preferences, double standards, and quotas that are now widely rejected-except by the Clinton administration.
The Supreme Court and other courts have dramatically narrowed the scope of affirmative action, and polls indicate that even a majority of blacks dislike the fact that it is being used to help less qualified people get jobs, promotions, and admission to college. Voters in California and Washington have approved propositions severely limiting affirmative action, and a similar measure in Florida has strong backing. NAAWP, National members throughout the state are working diligently on the petition drive to put it on the ballot in 2000.
The trouble began in 1970 when opportunity and colorblindness, grand ideals, were supplanted by doctrines of diversity. The Supreme Court in 1971 ruled that employers could be prosecuted if the racial composition of the work force did not reflect the composition of the community. Proportional representation rather than social justice became the watchword. The multicultural ethos, promoted on campuses, replaced the spirit of one nation
Affirmative action programs run against the grain of American history. No longer does an individual have to prove his capabilities to be promoted. No longer does one need to be qualified in order to be hired. No longer does one need to meet the minimum standards in order to be a police officer or fireman, or to even be admitted to a college. Affirmative action is divisive. Why melt into the pot, as generations and generations have done, when you can stand apart and claim preferential treatment?
Reno Wolfe, President NAAWP, National
Did you hear how hot it's been in Washington D.C. during the heatwave ?
Its so hot, Bill Clinton's only taking illegal contributions at night.
II
"HOW TO MAKE A DEAD GRINGO"
The top slot in white-hating rap lyrics, usually occupied by black rap "artists," is being challenged by the Mexican rap group Aztlan Nation.
The following are excerpts from their CD, ffBeaner Go Home."
It all started out as a fight for the land.
They took away Texas and began to expand.
Still punk rednecks say:
Remember the Alamo.
They don't want to know who I am, but let them know I'm the M.E.X.I.C. A.N.
So hit the ground and prepare for sprayin' [automatic weapons fire].
The only immigrant is the Atlantic Ocean wetback.
Step back. We say in Aztlan There are no fronteros, no borders.
By the year 2,000, Jack,
We're gonna see who is the real wetback.
In two-triple-O, we take it back.
Brewed in Aztlan by home-boys.
Who know how to make a dead gringo.
So get blasted like a Smith & Wesson.
Learn a lesson. Share the oppression.
I wanna take a nine [9 mm pistol].
And make their brain hang out.
And from their CD "MATANDO GUEROS" ("MASSACRE WHITES")
To all readers who are not Californians: "Ricky Ramirez" in this little ditty is Ricardo Ramirez, the infamous Night Stalker serial killer who said, "I never killed a latino." by Brujeria (Sorcery), 1996, Roadrunner Records, Relativity Entertainment Distribution, owned by Sony Corp.
Gabachos nos usan pa limpiar sus culos. [Whites use us for cleaning their asses.]
Nos tratan como micrda de puerco. [They treat us like pig shit.]
Tengan huevos y sean hombres. [Have balls and act like men.]
Un pinche viaje al norte, siglos pasan y nuestra raza se jode. [A helper works in the north, centuries passed and our race is deceived.]
Cabrones gabachos, nos dan verga y miada. [Asshole whites, they gave us dicks and piss.]
Forzados a la pobreza. Somos pinches mayates. [We were forced into poverty. We are nigger slaves.]
Tu venganza sera tu destino oscuro. [Your revenge will be your dark destiny.]
Matando gueros. Viva la Raza! [Let's kill whites. Long live the Race!]
Matando gueros, estilo Pancho Villa! [Let's kill whites, like Pancho Villa did!]
Matando gueros. Satanas te cuida! [Let's kill whites. Beware of Satan!]
Matando gueros. Matando gueros! [Let's kill whites. Let's kill whites!]
Machete en mano y sangre India caliente, [Machete in hand and hot Indian blood,]
Fuerza satanica, buscando venganza, al norte nos vamos a ponemos a mano. [Satan's power, let's hunt for revenge, to the north we go with cause at hand.]
Matando gueros. Viva la Raza! [Let's kill whites. Long live the Race!]
Matando gueros, estilo Ricky Ramirez! [Let's kill whites, like Ricky Ramirez did!]
Matando gueros. Satanas te cuida! [Let's kill whites. Beware of Satan!]
Matando gueros. Matando gueros! [Let's kill whites. Let's kill whites!]
12
Inter-Ethnic Tension
The huge increase of immigrants to the U.S. has caused an increase of aggression against European Americans. This aggression appears in schools in the form of violence and fights over curricula. It is echoed in the literature of immigrant organizations, and even in statements by foreign government officials. As for America, the increasing anti-European American sentiment among immigrant groups is tied to their increasing numbers...and to human nature.
The Fail 1997 Social Contract published an article by British author Derek Turner, entitled "The Anguish and the Angst.
“Immigration and the Western world", an article which describes some effects of immigration on western societies: "The quantity of immigrants is the single most important cause of inter-ethnic tension..."
"Furthermore, once immigrants become...viable for self-sufficiency, they are more likely to become inward-looking and more confident - even to the point of arrogance.
This can easily be seen in those countries of the Western world where...aggressive multiculturalism holds sway. It is easier to retreat into one's ancestral culture than to take a step into the blue and attempt to join the mainstream. And once immigrants recede into their own group, and away from a common national culture, their differentiating characteristics are noticed and acted upon more often, by themselves and others. New layers of misunderstanding are built up; soon the ghettoes become permanent fixtures, and a new social schism is opened."
"Sometimes the alienation is so severe that the immigrants become de facto foes of the host society, sworn... to rebuild society in their own image. Their drive for equality has become a drive for superequality, and their feelings of moral duty have become feelings of moral superiority."
In the United States, some extremist and divisive Hispanics, both immigrant and American-born, are exhibiting the trends described by Turner. One of the worst examples is MEChA (Movemiento Estudiantil Chicano de Aztlan), a group that advocates the Mexican takeover of the Western United States. Their description of the 1996 Republican Convention in San Diego was described in Voz Fronteriza, their student publication at U.C. San Diego:
"Every Mexicano must become an enemy of the colonial settler state. Genocidal attacks against us escalated with the English-only movement. The police are glorified armies of occupation. The English-speaking settlers are trying to completely marginalize us by denying us a cultural and historical understanding of who we are - and the concentration camps are ready to [be used] against us. This is our homeland. We must create the revolutionary clandestine formations that will defend our people and lead to our ultimate national liberation struggle and the socialist reunification of Mexico. Let us create the conditions for the Mexican intifada."
Mexico had possession of the lands in question for a mere 26 years (1822-1848), before which Spain owned the territories. Does that give everyone in Spain a right to a territorial claim to the United States?
Even more outrageous than the rantings of MECHhA, were statements made by Jose Angel Pescador Osuna, Mexican Consul General to the U.S. In a 2/6/98 speech at the Southwestern University School of Law in Los Angeles, he claimed
"Mexico has put in their constitution that Mexicans won't lose their Mexican nationality (when taking other citizenship), so those who 'lost their rights' will recover them. We are practicing reconquista in California!"
Prime Minister of Malaysia Mahathir Mohamad spoke similar words as Osuna when he gave a 5/5/97 speech to a meeting of the Southern Africa International Dialog at Kasane, Botswana:
"The North can gain much by re-colonizing. But we do have the ultimate weapon. People are more mobile now. They can go anywhere. In a borderless world we can go anywhere. If we are not allowed a good life in our countries, if we are going to be global citizens, then we should migrate North. We should migrate North in our millions, legally or illegally. Masses of Asians and Africans should inundate Europe and America. If there is any strength that we have, it is in the numbers.
(Continued on page 14) Tension
13
(Continued from page 13) Tension
Three-fourths of the world is either black, brown, yellow, or some combination of all these. We will make all nations in the world rainbow nations."
"This is how we will ultimately challenge globalization. I hope we don't have to resort to this. But we will if we are not allowed a piece of the action, a piece of the cake; if we are not allowed to prosper in a borderless world."
Unfortunately, the United States currently does not have a President that will confront people like Mohamad and Osuna. The media would likely label Mr. Clinton a 'racist' for harshly rebutting the above speech.
In our schools, the immigrant explosion has led to attacks on European Americans. The 9/18/97 San Jose Mercury News ran a story "Asian Pride: Clique or Gang? Fear is rising that some of the best Asian-American students have turned cultural pride into violence." The article reported that 'parachute kids' (foreign teenagers, mainly from Asia, that come to America to get a free education from our public schools) are numerous in Asian gangs that reside in the U.S. The article states:
"The multi-ethnic group of Asian-Americans has been linked to at least six beatings or attempted beatings since last fall, San Jose police detective Marty Hogan said. No charges against Asian Pride members were filed, he added, because alleged victims were afraid of repercussions."
"Almost every incident involving Asian Pride fits the same pattern: A member who is picked on by a non-Asian classmate asks to meet his antagonist after school for a "one-on-one" fist-fight. Dozens of members, signaling one another with pagers and cellular phones, then surprise the bully and beat him up, Hogan said."
It’s interesting that the Mercury's Asian author, Ariana E. Cha, labels non-Asians as 'bullies', when it's the Asians involved in gang warfare. More from the article:
"...students said many Asian Pride members have taken to shunning white acquaintances and harassing Asian-Americans who hang out with whites...Asian Pride has divided friends, pitted parent against parent and heightened racial tensions at the four high schools where it has a strong presence."
"The tensions grow stronger each year", said Lynbrook senior Christi Merrick, 17, who is white. She said she knows of about a dozen fights last school year between white and Asian-American students."
"Police first hear of Asian Pride in the spring of 1995 when a white football player at Lynbrook reported that an Asian-American student had held a gun on him....A few weeks later, about 20 Asian-American teens allegedly jumped two white classmates at a Burger King in Saratoga..."
"The West Valley’s -parachute children” are the most likely to find comfort in racially segregated groups, Monta Vista counselor Kathryn Ho said."
"You can imagine someone here on the campus who is so new and doesn't understand the culture, the language," said Ho..."This is how they get their self-worth. This is how they get to feel part of a family.""
The four high schools referenced in the Mercury News article have seen their Asian populations explode due to immigration.
WhoKillBWho
There were 10032 total murders in the United States in 1995, of which Blacks committed 5175 (51.6%) and Whites committed 4476 (44.6%).
There were 1303 interracial murders (13% of total murders), of which 753 were committed by Blacks (57.8% of interracial murders) and 352 were committed by Whites (27.0%).
There were 699 murders in which Blacks killed Whites (53.6% of interracial murders).
There were 281 murders in which Whites killed Blacks (21.6%). The Black per capita murder rate was 7.6 times higher than the White per capita murder rate.
The Black per capita interracial murder rate was 14.0 times higher than the White per capita interracial murder rate. Blacks killed Whites at a per capita rate that was 16.2 times higher than the per capita rate at which Whites killed Blacks.
GAO Documents High Immigrant Welfare Use
The U.S. General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, found dramatically higher welfare usage among recently naturalized citizens than among native born Americans.
One of the most startling findings was that these new citizens were signing up for welfare benefits at a rate four to five times higher than their representation in the general population.
In California, for example, 23.7 percent of recently naturalized citizens receive Medicaid benefits compare to 8.2 percent of the rest of Californians.
Blacks Commit 90 Percent of Interracial Crime
Crime Report to be released at press conference
When: Wednesday, June 2, 10 a.m.
Where: National Press Club, 14th andF streets, N.W. 13th Floor, West Room Washington, D.C. Details:
African-Americans commit 90 percent of the approximately 1,700,000 interracial crimes of violence that occur every year in the United States, and are more than 50 times more likely to commit violent crime against whites than vice versa.
Blacks are so much more likely than Americans of other races to commit crimes that police may be justified in stopping and questioning them more frequently -- just as they stop men more often than women and young people more often than old people.
These are some of the controversial findings of a new think tank report based on extensive cross-analysis of government crime statistics.
The report will be released at a news conference on Wednesday, June 2. The report finds that Asians consistently commit the smallest number of crimes, followed by whites, Hispanics commit violent crime at approximately three times the white rate, and blacks are five to eight times more violent.
In one of its most startling conclusions, the report finds that blacks are as much more likely to commit violent crimes than whites as men are more likely to commit violent crimes than women.
This leads to the widely criticized practice of "racial profiling," in which police question blacks more frequently than whites.
The study also finds there is more black-on-white than black-on-black crime. When blacks commit violent crime, they target whites slightly more than half the time. When whites commit violence they target blacks 2 to 3 percent of the time. Blacks are also twice as likely as whites to commit hate crimes.
Jared Taylor, author of the report, is an internationally-trained economist and crime expert. He will present the report at the press conference. New Century Foundation, which sponsored the report, is a non-profit organization based in the Washington, D.C., suburb of Oaktown
NAAWP
Caps and Shirts
with NAAWP logo
Caps (black only) are $10.00 T-shirts s-m-l-XL, 12.00 ea. Sweatshirts are
$15.00 each
Caps are one size fits all Shirts (black or white) with NAAWP logo
Don’t forget to state your shirt size !
(FI. Residents add sales tax) plus 2.95 S&H.
Send your order to:
NAAWP P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
The NAAWP needs your support.
Buy goods with the NAAWP logo.
GOVERNMENT by the Judiciary
Government is never, under any system, a perfect institution. The representatives of the people ( state and federal) being ordinary men, there will always be occasions when interests contrary to the good of the whole of the people may find opportunity to undermine good government. Our Founding Fathers, recognizing this, set up the constitutional system that readily accommodates the necessary ongoing, routine legislative processes, but also prevents those processes from going too far afield in matters of basic rights. That's why to change those fundamental features of the Constitution that protect rights and specify our republican forms, a tortuous process requiring super-majorities to change the Constitution was instituted. It can be changed, but only with great difficulty. And that's why basic things like freedom of speech and the Second
Amendment cannot be altered by a simple majority of Congress. It is also why we have more freedom of speech in this country, than is had in a country like England where, under a Parliamentary system, they CAN restrict freedoms by a simple majority of Parliament. It is said that the British have a "purer" democracy than we have, and perhaps they do. But I suspect that ours is better calculated to protect our inherent and inalienable rights. BUT........
The only possible loop-hole in our system is that Constitutional questions are decided by the judiciary, and the judiciary is not under any kind of direct or even indirect control by the people. (The founding fathers screwed up) Thomas Jefferson felt that they should be. He was opposed to Judicial Review (i.e., review by the Supreme Court of the decisions of other departments of government), and feared that a totally independent judiciary was destruction of government by the people. (Does the Supreme Court legislate or make laws..... I imagine)
NAAWP VISION STATEMENT
"Achieve a credible and recognized standing within the U.S. judicial system, to represent white people as a class and others wronged by discriminatory practices and other actions, bring about a white population knowledgeable of their rights as citizens with a sense of pride in their heritage, foster a spirit of "togetherness" to enable white people to stand strong as one class of persons to protect their rights and possessions, promote an attitude of "Equal Rights for White People" with special favors for no persons or race"
NAAWP MISSION STATEMENT
“To educate and inform white citizens regarding civil matters of law which seek to compromise white citizens in favor of minority special interests. Provide for a common assembly of meeting and pooling of concerns for white people. Voice and represent the rights for white people to the various levels of government agencies within the United States primarily, but also the international community.’'
RENO WOLFE
V					V	a		V
	■r	f		F	?■			
v			*		%'	*		*
	♦ -9.			•*	Hh		*	
V	ft		ft		V.			v
	*			*	♦		*	
A	*				A	■f		A
		•*		*	♦		*	
*	m.					*		*
White Americans want equal rights Not special privileges for a few
Disclaimer - Publisher reserves the right to accept or refuse any advertisements and to edit or alter or omit advertisements for any reason at any time. The Publisher reserves the right to place the words "Paid Advertisement" with advertisement copy. Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications, or services within this publication does not imply endorsement of that product, service, or publication by NAAWP. NAAWP makes no warranty of any kind with respect to the subject matter included herein, the products listed herein, or the completeness or accuracy of this publication.
*3*®!™**^*®
Ray Thomas or Diane Thomas National Director(s) P.O. Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681
(813) 274-4988 Ray - naawp@juno.com Diane - naawp3@juno.com
Reno Wolfe CEO/President P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
(904) 766-2253 NAAWP1@mediaone.net

§
8
16
NAAWP LEADERS LIST
MISSOURI Kevin Terrill Rachcalright@home.com
MISSISSIPPI
Johnny Heaston 8331 Industrial Drive Olive Branch. MS 38654
NEW YORK
Bob Edwards rharkerl@rochester.rr.com
Rick J. Dux 3908 Harlem Rd.
PMB 151 Amherst, NY 14226
Don Hood
Donhood@frontiemet.net
Eastern NY Kristine Withers Lwithers@worldnet.att.net
HAWAII
Ron Edmiston P.O.Box 15484 Honolulu, HI 96830-5484 edmiston@gte.net
CONNECTICUT
Mark Wilson P.O.Box 181 West Haven,CT 06516 JakD@aol.com
GEORGIA
Richard Campbell P.O.Box 298 Conyers, GA30012 ricky47@hotmail.com
Jake/ Libby Adams P.O.Box 8454 Columbus, GA 31908-8454
OHIO
John Pomeroy P.O.Box 288 East Springfield, OH 43295-0288 johnpomeroyfo)hotmail.com
FLORIDA
Ray Thomas P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681 naawp@juno.com
Reno Wolfe P.O.Box 1727 Callahan. FL32011 N AAWP1 (almediaone.net
Diane Thomas P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681 naawp3@juno.com
LLoose
ESOOLE@juno.com
TEXAS Scott Freeman Free 15@gatewav. net
PENNSYLVANIA
John Weiss State Director P.O.Box 25036 Philadelphia, PA 19148 215-519-3625
Steve Smith P.O.Box 5 Thomdale, PA 19372-0005 NAAWPpa@aol.com
LOUISIANA
Rich Faraone State Director P.O.Box 2025 Marrero. LA 70072 "office@naawp-ia.com1'
ILLINOIS
Tom Anderson naawp_il@yahoo.com
NAAWP NATIONAL, INC.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
CEO/President Director Reno Wolfe
Vice-President National Director Ray Thomas
National Treasurer Director Edna Loose
BOARD OF ADVISORS
Harry Scaggs P.O.Box 584 Allison Park, PA 15101-0584
CALIFORNIA
Ed James P.O.Box 991 Redwood City, CA 94064
IDAHO
NAAWP Women's Director Co-National Director Dianne Thomas
Michigan Roland Reid
Peggy Overcash P.O.Box 952 Hogansville, GA 30230
KENTUCKY
Tim Maxey tmax32@se-tel.com
VIRGINIA State Director Mark Hopkins P.O.Box 246 Hanover, VA 23069 VhoD434588@nol.com
Richard Masker P.O. Box 5232 Coeur d’Alene, ID 83814
ALABAMA
Clay Mosby P.O. Box 313 Danville, AL 35619
TENNESSEE
Mike Eaton Jr.
53 Hudson Rd. Humboldt, TN 38343-5830
State Director, PA John Weiss
State Director, LA Rich Faraone
State Director, HA Ron Edmiston
*
17