NAAWP NATIONAL INC.
NAAWP NEWS
Special Edition
SPECIAL EDITION JULY 2001
SPECIAL EDITION - A LOOK AT VICTIMOLOGY
FROM THE DESK OF: RICH FARAONE, FIRST NATIONAL VICE PRESIDENT
Dear Members:
I have received many requests for my opinion regarding the state of mentality among minorities in America today, and why, with all the benefits of being a minority in today’s society, they still hate or despise everything whites stand for.
I have my own opinions on this subject, and thanks to the NAAWP Board members, I have been permitted to share them with you in this special edition Newsletter.
Of course, you can never expect to share a complete opinion in just a few pages, however I
will do my best to present a compilation of all the mail and email responses I have given our members and supporters over the years, using facts and information from many different Nationalist sources.
I know there will be many of you who may disagree, and I welcome your feedback, however after 20+ years of careful analysis, and modern political history that I have predicted based on this analysis, I admit that I am hard fast in my beliefs.
As we celebrate July 04 2001,1 am saddened to think of the beliefs and goals our forefathers fought for. After all, we have a new King George
in 2001, but he has a more friendly face and name... He’s now our family member, Uncle Sam, the black sheep of the family.
I hope you enjoy this special edition newsletter, and I invite you to send me your opinions and/or feedback at the following address:
New Orleans Area Office PO Box 2025
Marrero, LA 70072
Additionally, feel free to call me anytime, I am always happy to speak to our members!
-Rich Faraone 504-328-7477
Entire Contents €> Copyright 1998-2001, NAAWP National Inc. All Rights Reserved
NAAWP National Inc.
PO BOX 1727 Callahan, Florida 32011
UNDERSTANDING VICTIMOLOGY
To understand where victimology gets its goals and agenda, one must first understand current events. Events that have a direct bearing on what we like to: call, “Political Correctness”.
I’m sure you are all aware of phrases like NAFTA, GATT, The WTO, etc., and many have come to accept these treaties and organizations as simply a way the
world is developing better communication and more open foreign affairs policies; nothing can be further from the truth!
toward globalization, a move toward a one world order. The United Nations has already illegally commanded US Troops.
The truth is, while politicians spin the typical lies, these de-
GLORA/JZA T/ON, A MOl E TOWARD A ONE WORLD ORDER
Don’t be fooled by the ‘PC’ names, globalization stands for every-
ceptions are simply a move thing the US opposes.
MARXISM 101 - HOW TO CONTROL A PEOPLE
The very first step in controlling a people is to confuse them! That’s right, Marxism 101 is confuse, cause dissention make them hate and fight with each other, and they’ll be easy to conquer and control!
The roots of Communism can be traced back to the dawn of our country, but it has never been as prevalent a threat as it is today.
2001 brings the new millennium, and it also brings a more solemn realization—the final touches on the Communist-backed Civil Rights Movement: Hatred among the people for
each other, a ’Robin Hood’ government who steals from the middle class and gives to the lazy, and an underclass of people who truly believe that they deserve what is stolen because of the so-called suffering of their ancestors.
The confusion plot started in the early 1900’s when the NAACP was originally formed. The NAACP was formed by all white men, with the exception of one black, of course to represent the people whom they wished to agitate and confuse.
Harlem in the 1920’s was roaring with black speakeasy clubs and the NAACP used them, to disseminate anti-white literature and sentiments.
There was organizing over the years, but none better than the plot to introduce victimology in the late 1950’s.
After being trained at the Highlander Folk School, a known Communist organizing and training school in Tennessee, Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King set off to change the face of the civil rights movement, and they did.
Make them hate and fight with each other, and they’ll be easy to conquer and control
MARTIN LUTHER KING, Jr.: "Free at last! Free at last! Thank God Almighty, we're free at last!" But are they?
"Here come de Lawd. Here come de Lawd. Here come de Lawd." Was commonly heard when King was entering a room, but little did they know of his motivation or supporters.
On Labor Day, 1957, King and four others at a strange institution called the Highlander Folk School in Monteagle Tennessee, attended a special meeting.
The Highlander Folk School was a Communist front, founded by Myles Horton (Communist Party organizer for Tennessee) and Don West (Communist Party organizer for North Carolina). The leaders of this meeting with King were the aforementioned Horton and West, along with Abner Berry and James Dum-browski, all open and acknowledged members of the Communist Party,
USA. The agenda of the meeting was a plan to tour the Southern states to initiate demonstrations and riots.
In the last two months of his life, King faced the idea that Civil Rights alone could not solve the prob-
lem of poverty, nor help him to attain his personal goal of self-proclaimed "God". His popularity had fallen to the lowest point in history. He roamed the South, trying to gain support for a Poor People's Campaign. Its goals: full employment, a guaranteed income and decent housing for every American -[Communist training and goals at work]
The unity King spoke of was an illusion. Behind the scenes, debates raged as a new generation sought a stronger voice and a more active role. No one realized that the movement that King led would soon break apart.
It happened after SNCC's chairman, Stokely Carmichael, coined the phrase, "Black Power" ushering in the new era of, not only hatred, but violence.
Just weeks before his murder, in tones suggestive of the Black Panthers, he began to talk about how the government had broken its promise to the newly freed slaves just after the Civil War, and close aids said he was posturing for a new
campaign - where all blacks deserve jobs, housing, food and medical care, and was quoted as using the "by any means" Panther slogan.
MARTIN LUTHER KING,
Jr: [1968] “Not only that, today many of these people are receiving millions of dollars in federal subsidies not to farm, and they are the very people telling the black man that he ought to lift himself by his own bootstraps. And this is what we are faced with, and this is the reality. Now, when we come to Washington in this campaign, we are coming to get our check.”
[to students] And we want y'all to come on to Washington when you get out of school.”
The Poor peoples campaign was supposed to go to Washington in April of 1968, the month King was assassinated - many believe the assassination may have been due to a lack of support, and an effort to save face and support for the black-nationalist movement.
Continued on page 4
"Free at last! Free at last!" (Continued from page 3)
So how did the black power movement relate itself to the Civil Rights movement? Was it an afterthought? Was it an aftereffect? Was it the next step? Was it a real revolution, or not a revolution at all?
It promised to be the next step, but I don't think it ever realized its hateful and violent goals. A section of the movement became more nationalistic, pulling on this long stream of nationalism that is everpresent in black America, and schisms between black and white workers developed - Whites were expelled - The movement lost its interracial nature. It lost its larger support in the larger community. They were harmful to the movement, and while they didn't kill it, they certainly slowed it down.
My first brush with Black Nationalism occurred during my senior year of high school. I was sitting at home watching a student film on TV. It was a heavy-handed metaphor about racial loyalty. This student, who had been happily dating a white coed, comes to see the error of his ways after a campus visit by someone called Maulana
Ron Karenga. Karenga would become a leader of the Black Nationalist movement and the inventor of Kwanzaa, the so-called holiday celebrating the harvest, or a thanksgiving of sorts, today presented as a holiday for all Americans. Little do most know of its origin or the motivation of its inventor.
Blacks say they, through celebrating their culture, have a sense of community, but there was a much deeper sense of community in 1965 than there is now in 2001. This is important to say, not in a nostalgic way, because it's not as if 1965 was a time in which things were so good. Materially speaking, they were much worse, but culturally speaking, in terms of social connection, they were much better.
Now, they have a symbolic, cultural relation, in that they wear their Kente cloth, bow tie and cummerbund with their tuxedo and have an obligatory Coltrane poster on the wall - listen to black music or celebrate black culture. But that's not the same as being a member of the community.
Why is it important for black people to have a mythology? It's not. Oh sure,
we all have our traditions and customs, but not to the point where it affects our daily lives and rituals. Blacks on the other hand, live their life, pounded over the head with the celebration of their culture. Every town in America where blacks live will literally have a celebration of [this or that] black something every week.
When we actually compare cultures, and look at the history of the Africans, there are few, if any, historical contributions to society. At quick glance, while the Egyptians were building pyramids with complicated mathematics, the Africans were living in grass huts and killing each other. While Mozart was playing on a finely tuned keyboard, and relaxing by playing a game of billiards on a table built to near perfection, the Africans were living in grass huts, playing instruments (mostly drums) made from hollowed-out pumpkins covered in animal skin, and killing each other. Today, with all the advances in the world, the Africans are still living in grass huts and killing each other. I do not say this as an insult, but rather an observation of culture.
The fact of the matter is, without whites, who built the once-prosperous cities of Africa, Africa would still be 99% native - a relic of the stone-age.
And so the hatred, unsupported by most, turns violent (and turns heads!)
BOBBY SEALE, Co-Founder, Black Panther Party: [at a Panther rally] "Let's get into the inner workings and the meaning of this. Let's get into the inner workings and the meaning of a black revolution and why black people have a right to take what's theirs." [song] Take it from the greedy! Take it from the greedy! Give it all to the needy-"So the concept is this, basically: The whole black nation has to be put together as a black army and we're going to walk on this nation. We're going to walk on this racist power structure. And we're going to say to the whole damn government, "Stick 'em up, mother****er. This is a hold-up! We come for what's ours!"
VICTIMOLOGY GOES MAIN-STREAM
And so the different factions within the black organizations are created.
Today, we are bombarded by the Media Deception from all angles. An attempt to keep the people confused.
WILLIAM JULIUS WILSON, Harvard University: “The disadvantaged blacks have really been hard hit by changes in the economy. And because of racism, historic racism, there are a disproportionate number of blacks in the low-skilled, poorly educated category, and they are falling further and further behind. And the gap between the low-skilled and the more advantaged middle class folks is widening for that reason.”
I beg to differ! Notice how Wilson changes racism to historic racism? Why? Because he knows that racism, when discussed in the present, is aimed at white America, so he corrects himself for purposes of distortion of the facts.
The facts will tell you that a disproportionately HIGH number of blacks today are in jobs they do not even qualify for, based on quotas and Affirmative Action.
The facts will tell you that there are more government programs for blacks than any other group of people in America, covertly disguised as “inner-city” programs to eliminate categorization by skin color.
The facts will tell you that the American taxpayer has paid over 6.1 TRILLION
dollars to not only close the gap, but take it a full 180 degrees, creating the commonly known slag “reverse-racism”.
This brainwashing propaganda does not stop at black America, not at all. Now white America has jumped on the bandwagon influenced by "Hollywood do-gooders", filmmakers, and rich white Americans.
Affirmative Action is rooted in inequality and rewards people for what they cannot do, or qualify for, based solely on the color of their skin. What we used to call discrimination [when it was targeted at blacks] is now cloaked in the stealthy bosom of Affirmative Action with the ridiculous notion that discrimination cannot be used in conjunction with the term white.
VICTIMOLOGY ATTACKS WHITES
JESSE JACKSON, Rainbow Coalition: “If we look at the people who have now been burning churches, Skip, and who have been defacing synagogues, these are basically downsized workers. These are workers who are living outside of the mainstream of America's dream, of America’s opportunity. And they've somehow been taught that those jobs went from white to black, that they went from men to women, these jobs went from whites to Jews. So all the racism and the anti-Semitism and the sexism comes into the ignorance, fear, hatred, violence. The fact is, when these plants closed, they didn't go from white to black, they went from here to yonder.”
But Jesse is wrong! If we just took the percentages of population to use for a study, and compared them to the actual numbers of employees, in a fair world, they would coincide. How-ever, even a small sampling will prove Jesse wrong. Take the US Post Office as an example. 36% of the skilled and unskilled positions are filled by blacks—22% mid-level management, while blacks are less than 13% of the population!
White males are being pushed out of every opportunity in business too!
Take Ford for example:
When Don Winkler became head of Ford Credit Co. last year, his boss - Ford chief executive officer Jacques Nasser - made it clear to him that his staff must be diverse.
That presented an immediate challenge to Winkler.
Of his 16 direct charges, all were white and all but one were male.
Winkler began an all-out push for diversity, dispatching recruiters who specialize in finding female and minority management candidates.
“We went to headhunters who didn’t find us 51-year-old white males,” said Winkler, himself a 52-year-old white male. “The first white male they bring in you say, ‘Excuse me, you didn’t hear what I am saying.’ ”
Seven months later, Winkler’s top staff includes four women and one black. As for the white males they replaced: “Some people
had to take packages and go,” he said.
Such scenarios are playing out all over Ford, where Nasser has made diversity a top priority. Nasser recently asked his top 300 managers to outline a plan to increase the diversity in their organization. Part of their bonuses hinge on how well they accomplish these goals.
HENRY LOUIS GATES,
Jr.: The tension between the haves and have-nots is so difficult to bear that it seemed to some that a march on Washington, a march of a million black men, might be the only answer.”
The only answer indeed. And what did the MMM accomplish? Nothing but more anger. Nothing but more ‘deserving’ language obscured in the “we must...” rhetoric. Nothing more than an attempt to further splinter black America.
The way to close the gap between the haves and “have-nots” is through responsibility and hard work, not more victim, or deserving language. Get up, get out and get to work!
ARE THEY REALLY VICTIMS?
If black Africans had not sold their kin to white slavers who brought them to America, where and what would American/Africans of today be?
Would they be multi millionaire TV personalities? Would they be multi millionaire basketball players and football players?
Would they be US senators, US representative and US ambassadors? Would they be physicians, lawyers, college professors, presidents of corporar tions, business owners, professionals of all shades, etc?
No, of course not. They would be black dots in a sea of black humanity in Africa beset with misery, sickness, malnutrition and political and economic chaos.
Yet here in the USA they have access to all colleges and universities, to food and medical care and endless opportunities to succeed in the professional and business worlds.
Despite it all, they are not satisfied. Still they cry,
"The whites owe us!" Still they cry a the lightest provocation, 'White ra-
cism!" Still they harbor a bottomless hatred for white society. White America has given them all there is and still they want more.
If anyone owes anything to American/Africans, it is they who owe themselves to become rational and owe their slave ancestors the enormous debt of having brought them into the world in America instead of in bleak Africa.
Consequently, contemporary African/Americans are perceived now as the ungrateful descendents of their unfortunate ancestors.
It is fitting therefore to remind American/Africans of the fact that, had it not been for the sacrifice and suffering of their slave ancestors, and had it not been for white society, they would be nothing but black, inconsequential people, wallowing in misery deep inside Africa.
They have the obligation to repay the debt they owe their slave forebears. They have the obligation to return to Africa with gratitude and apply all their skills they have acquired while living in a predominantly
white society as politicians, lawyers, scientists, architects, religious leaders, etc. to the task of turning Africa around, to bring peace, prosperity and civility to the continent of their slave ancestors who will without a doubt applaud this undertaking from their graves and know that their suffering was not in vain.
There need be no hatred.
But this is not the real reason for the victimology mind-set. The real reason is to keep the people confused - back to Marxism 101. You all know that blacks are better off here, and so do they, but they have been convinced differently!
For years they have been told that they deserve what they do not earn - that they should depend on the government for what they refuse to work for, and that they are exempt from the rule of society that says you get what you deserve.
I would venture to say that the blacks of 2001 in America who believe this propagandistic rhetoric are less happy than their ancestors were as slaves. At least they had a clear purpose!
VICTIMOLOGY CORRUPTION
Ann Rhodes, vice president of university relations, University of Iowa:
Rhodes was asked about a suspect who was apprehended in connection with a bomb threat and a series of racist e-mails at the university.
"I figured it was going to be a white guy between 25 and 55 because they're the root of most evil," Rhodes said. The suspect in the case was identified at Tarsha Claiborne, a black woman who was a student at the university’s College of Dentistry.
Rhodes was never disciplined.
All across America today, people like Rhodes are chuckled at - allowed to defame whites and perpetuate hatred. Blacks have become the “untouchables” in employment. It matters not what they say or do, discipline is virtually never an option.
In New Orleans, a black woman threatened to sue and was made a police officer, even after she failed the psychological testing. Not more than a year later, she was arrested for the execution of four Vietnamese and a fellow officer.
Also in New Orleans, the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise program, administered by the black mayor, literally extorts money from white
owned businesses! Any new business, under the DBE rules, that applies for a permit on city owned property (such as the airport) MUST pay a designated DBE participant 30 to 40% of their profits.
AND the DBE ‘partner1 never even has to go to work! Need I say that ALL DBE partners are black?
All across America, injustices are being perpetrated on whites, and, whites, more specifically the white male, is being slowly eliminated from the equation, hindering his realization of the pursuit of happiness.
Now, in San Diego, they are eliminating the word “minority” from their official government language. Why? Because whites have now become the minority, and by eliminating the word, they eliminate potential claims on government programs by whites!
Watch closely what California does, as surely others will follow. They will redefine who gets privileges based on skin color and nationality - blacks and Hispanics, and the country will follow as whites truly become the national minority.
The upcoming global Conference on Racism will undoubtedly launch new definitions to identify the victims of the world.
We need to eliminate this lan-
guage of victimology and replace it with statistical and earned equality.
We need to realize that The Constitution has a VERY limited role for Washington, D.C. If we adhered to the Constitution as written, we would have: no federal meddling in our schools; no Federal Reserve; no
U.S. membership in the UN; no gun control; and no foreign aid.
We would have no welfare for big corporations, or the "poor"; no American troops in 100 foreign countries; no Nafta, Gatt, or "fast-track"; no arrogant federal judges usurping states rights; no attacks on private property; and no income tax.
We could get rid of most of the cabinet departments, most of the agencies, and most of the budget. The government would be small, frugal, and limited. That system is called liberty. It's what the Founding Fathers gave us. Under liberty, we built the greatest, freest, most prosperous, most decent country on earth.
It's no coincidence that the monstrous growth of the federal government has been accompanied by a sickening decline in living standards and moral standards. The feds want us to be hamsters on a treadmill - working hard, all day long, to pay high
taxes, but otherwise entirely docile and controlled. The huge, expensive, and out-of-control leviathan that we call the federal government wants to run every single aspect of our lives.
Well, I'm sorry, but that's not America. It's not what the Founders gave us. It's not the country you believe in. It's not the country I believe in.
Follow along with what your legislators do and say. Monitor them, after all, it’s YOUR job to do so! Write to them monthly, and let them know you are watching! Tell them what like and dislike! Especially watch for the language: disadvantaged, poverty, minority, diverse, tolerance, etc. When you see this language, look closely at the legislation they are supporting!
And finally, watch for the word, “reparations”! Remember, the United States underwent the most devastating war in our history, the Civil War, to end slavery. More Americans were killed in this war than all the rest of the wars we have fought combined.
. 620,000 dead
. 6.1 TRILLION in minority programs in the last 50 years
Reparations should not even be considered! Unless of course they want to pay back what was given so generously by the US taxpayer so they could prosper and’get “Out of Africa”!
Watch the language of your local media and representatives arid correct it.
Bring to light any and all special privilege programs and protest them.
Share the misreporting and PC agendas of your local media and area reps with your friends.
Only through YOUR participation can we spread the word that we will no longer tolerate victims of their own doing, or lack of.
We need to stand up and say, “You’ll get what you earn, not part of mine!”
Keep “Equal Rights for ALL, Special Privileges for NONE” in the forefront of your life and preach it.
Only YOU can change the world, one person at a time... Talk to someone TODAY!
Take Care,
Rich Faraone First National VP NAAWP National Inc. New Orleans Area Office
NAAWP NATIONAL INC - CORPORATE OFFICE - RENO WOLFE, PRESIDENT
Dear Members and Supporters,
Over the last few years, you have kept us going, and we thank you! Yet we are only able to continue moving forward in our quest for equality with your continued financial support.
Many members have never donated to the National NAAWP! Their explanations go something like this: “Well, I never contributed because, well, because I didn't think my few dollars would be noticed.” Nothing can be further from the truth! Let me assure you that every single dollar is noticed and needed!
The most we have received from one person is $500.00 - the least was $1.00, given by a 10-year-old girl in the form of 4 quarters. We know that not everyone is able to donate $500.00, however, it doesn’t take much if all of you would send just a dollar, $5, $10 or $20 to equal it. Small gifts have a way of adding up!
The cost of maintaining the level of growth for the organization has increased in the last year - Postage has increased, gas, office supplies, printing and website costs have increased, yet donations have not.
We are slowly gaining the respect of the media and our adversaries as being “The” Civil Rights organization for our people. Even the United States Government has classified us as an “action” organization, although they would like for us to disappear. We just can’t let this happen! YOU can’t let this happen!
Working together, we can meet our goals and enable the NAAWP to continue its growth in education, service and prestige.
Please send us whatever you can afford. A fifteen dollar donation means we can send out fifteen membership packages. That’s right, just fifteen dollars! The price of a cup of coffee a day for a month. Can you afford to drink one less cup of coffee for a month? For the future of your children and grandchildren? Who will they be able to turn to if our future is not insured when we become the minority?
Please don’t procrastinate! Tomorrow never comes, and we need YOUR support TODAY!
“EQUAL RIGHTS FOR ALL SPECIAL PRIVILEGES FOR NONE99 http://www.naawpxom/
Email: president@naawp.com
Phone: 904-766-2253 Fax: 904-924-0716
Sincerely,
Reno Wolfe President
IT’S NOT ILLEGAL TO BE WHITE... YET!
National NAAWP, Inc PO Box 1727