Volume 2 - Issue 6
Copyright 1999 by NAAWP National, Inc.

DEDICATION
In the year and a half that I've been President of the NAAWP, I have witnessed some extraordinary things happen, and have met some very extraordinary people. Our membership continues to grow at a rapid rate because of these extraordinary individuals. They are unique. Here is just a sample of some of these extraordinary individuals.
The person who prints the Newsletter you are reading, is not even a member, yet he supports the NAAWP 1,000 percent and gives us the best and lowest price he can. We owe him a lot!
Then there is the person who configures and formats it into the format you are reading. He volunteers to do this, and he is a member. At times, I give him a last minute revision, and he has to redo something. No complaint! It's done!
Then we have people who send in stamps, checks for stamps, and even cash for stamps.
We have one member who sends in a dollar with change, maybe a quarter or nickel or so, and others who send in 4 books of stamps. Others send checks of good amounts for the purchase of stamps.
Donations for the upkeep of our National NAAWP websites, which includes the "NAAWP.net" youth site come in. Our new NAAWP National websites, completely reformatted, has been at basically below cost. Literally, a professional website will cost up to a thousand dollars or more to create. We have not only 1, but 3 sites done by professionals, who's business is to create professional web pages. This was done at a fraction of normal costs. Again, an extraordinary individual and his company.
(Continued on page 2) Dedication
Jury Nullification
The Power of the People to Oppose Unjust Laws or Injustices
Each person on a Jury has the power to vote NOT GUILTY in any criminal case even if it is obvious the Defendant broke the law (Penal Code). This tremendous power permits you, as a Juror, to NULLIFY or NEUTRALIZE a law which is in your opinion "BAD". You may exercise this Power despite the Evidence presented or the Judge's Instructions to you. No Judge will ever instruct you, however, that you have this Power to NULLIFY a bad law by voting NOT GUILTY. This is because legal tradition assumes that each Juror knows of this Power but should not be told of it as it is not a Right.
National NAAWP Headquarters has moved from New Orleans to Callahan, FI. All correspondence and inquiries should be sent to Reno Wolfe at P.O.Box 1727 Callahan, Florida 32011. All Memberships and renewals, change of address, etc. please send to: Ray Thomas, Vice-President & National Director, NAAWP National, Inc., P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, Florida 33681.
1
Affirmative Action
The only way to correct historical racial wrongs is to eliminate the conditions that created those wrongs.
To try to compensate for past wrongs with present wrongs only multiplies the wrong.
Even if Affirmative Action "works," it is wrong and evil if it destroys the fabric of our society. The program of education outlined by Thomas Jefferson was designed to benefit the entire nation and to encourage the development of genius. It was not intended to help the poor to the detriment of the rich or to aid any one class to the detriment of any other.
Still less was it constructed to violate the fundamental rights of some citizens in order to promote the well-being of others. Attempting this, however, creates a constituency for these violations in those who benefit, and an opposition in those whose rights are violated. Attempts to benefit one faction at the expense of another can only create conflict.
Dispensing with the demand for special privileges, however, is the first step toward full acceptance in society.
But is social engineering justified?
Can we overturn fundamental rights in order to produce certain social outcomes that we think desirable?
It is doubtful that Jefferson and our other Founding Fathers would have thought so, because he wrote:
"Nothing... is unchangeable but the inherent and unalienable rights of man." —Thomas Jefferson
(Continued from page 1) Dedication
Our Chapter Leaders and State Directors spend money out of their own pocket to further the message of the NAAWP in their area and locality. They make copies of newsletters, hand out flyers and cards. They do whatever needs to be done in order to spread the word of the NAAWP. Is all of this done in vain? No it's NOT!
The common thread in all the above is "DEDICATION"!
From the member who sends in the dollar and change, to the printer, to the Chapter Leader and to the Five hundred dollar donor, each and eveiy ONE has dedicated and committed themselves to our goal. Not one is more important than another, as "dedication" is equal! We have grown beyond my wildest expectations in the last year and a half.
We can now challenge issues that concern us. We have a National Lawyer who fights for us. and members who demand that we fight for them and their rights.
We can do this only because of the dedication of the members and non-members who through their help, permit us to do so. This is why the NAAWP National is the fastest growing Civil Rights organization in America today! Each and every one of you are a part of history!
Thanks one and all - for your support of the NAAWP. With your continued help we will become a driving force for equal rights. Reno Wolfe
It is necessary that the people be attentive to how their agents are conducting the public affairs, for as Thomas Jefferson said:
"If once [the people] become inattentive to the public affairs, you and I, and Congress and Assemblies, Judges and Governors, shall all become wolves. It seems to be the law of our general nature, in spite of individual exceptions."
-- Thomas Jefferson
NAAWP cannot accept credit cards for membership dues or merchandise.
Advertisement Space Available
We regret this inconvenience. Money Orders and Checks Only, Please.
Contact NAAWP for Information and Rates
» *
2
THANK YOU
The Mayor of Columbus, GA - Concedes!
After being pounded by the truth for three days by the NAAWP of Louisiana, the Mayor of Columbus finally concedes to the NAAWP of Georgia. In a letter personally written by Mayor Bobby Peters to Bob Brooks (NAAWP Leader), he's quoted as saying things like:
"Mr. Brooks, I never even heard of the NAAWP before you coming to Council You have the right to be in any organization you desire and I certainly was not making any reference to your organization"
"if you feel I was out of line with you, then I once again offer my apology."
"If you and your wife would like to discuss this further, please let me know and I will be happy to come to your home or have you in the Mayor's office."
"I really am surprised at the terrible and negative response I have received on the Internet from outside Columbus.."
THANK YOU ALL FOR YOU SUPPORT AND EMAILS TO THE MAYOR! Without the passionate emails and pressure from the press, this issue would have been swept under the carpet, and we would have lost ground in the fight for our cause.
Let this be a lesson to all who try and fight the truth, and the NAAWP, as I wrote to the Mayor:
"We will not tolerate the abuse of our leaders, or our agenda, and I will personally stand beside each and every one of our members, and help them to publicly raise awareness when these abuses occur. Our organization is nationwide, and our membership is increasing in leaps and bounds every day. We WILL publicly expose [with unwavering personal and financial resolve] ALL attempts, intended or not, to undermine our organization. America IS slowly waking up and realizing that 14% of the population should not control 90% of the governments concern." Again, Thank You! for your support, together we CAN and WILL make a difference! Rich Faraone NAAWP of Louisiana http://www.naawp-la.com/
Folks - this is the way ifs done !
SURVIVAL FOOD
NAAWP member has MRE's (meals ready to eat) for sale by the case (12 dinners to a case). They are fully cooked and can be eaten 4 different ways. Dinners include Roast Beef /w potato, Turkey, Salisbury steak, Beef Stew, Pot Roast, Lasagna and others selections. For members who want to supply for the possibilities of Y2K, this is an excellent chance to do so! Dinners have a 5 year shelf life @ room temperatures!
FAX Rich Raymond at 941-682-3852
If we folks that are members of the NAAWP yell long enough and hard enough those politicians and government officials will have to take notice.
3
Do Not Answer Questions
ABOUT THE "D" WORD!
Today, "diversity” is government-speak for "preferential treatment" (so-called reverse discrimination*). "Diversity" denotes the political philosophy that "preferential treatment" is a good thing as long as this form of racial discrimination is directed against the right people! Job-related questions about "diversity" are, therefore, clearly political, and your job, promotion, performance review, or contracting opportunity should never be conditioned on your political beliefs!
When preparing for a job related situation prepare "alternate answers" to such questions ahead of time! Use the sample dialogue, below, as a general guide.
Sample "Diversity" Dialogue
Question: "How do you feel about diversity?" Or, "Do you support diversity in the workplace?"
1.	Ask for the question to be re-phrased: YOU: "I'm not sure what you mean. Could you restate the question?" If the questioner is particularly obtuse or confrontational, you may need to be more specific: YOU: "I'm not sure what you mean by diversity. Could you elaborate?"
2.	The questioner's response may take one of the following forms:
(a)	They may restate the question exactly the same way.
(b)	They may substitute another political litmus test, as follows: "What I mean is, how do you feel about Affirmative Action?"
(c)	They may seek to avoid personal responsibility by alluding to some outside "greater authority", and may refer to things like "federal regulations regarding equal opportunity" or "state contracting guidelines regarding affirmative action". Such a restatement of the question might sound like this: "You know, do you agree to comply with federal regulations regarding equal employment opportunity?"
(d)	They may switch to the "embedded in the rules" approach, like this: "I mean, do you support this organization's mission and goals in this regard?" This is a tricky one, because your organization (employer) has a printed "mission / goals" document which embeds its support of diversity and/or preferential treatment in some way.
3.	Your next level of response:	If	you've rehearsed your responses ahead of time, you should be able to maintain the
appearance of a calm, cooperative, sincere, and agreeable employee. Use the following responses as a general guide:
Response to 2(a): (Questioner repeats 'Diversity' question) YOU: "Your question about diversity is a good one. I personally feel very strongly that all individuals are entitled to fair and equal treatment regardless of race, gender or national origin."
Response to 2(b): (Questioner switches to a new "litmus test", such as Affirmative Action) YOU: "Oh, I see what you mean. All my life I have believed in equal opportunity, and in fair and equal treatment. I think racial and sexual discrimination are wrong, and I certainly intend to continue to combat discrimination."
Response to 2(c): (Questioner alludes to 'greater authority') YOU: "Well, I'm no lawyer, and I'm not familiar with all the laws, but I certainly support efforts to eliminate racial and sexual discrimination from the workplace."
Response to 2(d): (Questioner "embeds it in the rules" by referring to your organization's mission statement) YOU: "I definitely support our organization in its efforts to eliminate racial and sexual discrimination from the work place."
(Continued on page 5) D Word
(Continued from page 4) D word
General Strategy and Discussion
We are recommending a diversionary strategy, as in the sample dialogue above. Your performance review or job interview is not the place for a confrontation on this issue. After all, your job is being held hostage to your answer! Therefore, "dodging the bullet" is the best interim approach. But also consider filing a complaint with the EEOC. If you elect this course of action, seek qualified legal advice. (Also, see our EEOC Note.)
You should be firm in your own mind that you are not going to answer questions involving the "D" word. Remind yourself that any question pertaining to "diversity" is, in fact, a political question, and it is therefore wrong to be asked this type of question in the context of your job!
Think about how you would react during a job interview if you were asked:	"What is your sexual orientation?" Or, "Are you a
Republican, Democrat, Libertarian, or Communist?" Or, "What is your religious affiliation?"
Remind yourself that you do support equal protection under the law, equal opportunity without regard to race, sex, or national origin, and non-discrimination in general. You don't support the reverse discrimination* which is explicitly embodied in "diversity" programs! However, we don't recommend that you go around your workplace stating this view explicitly. Be subtle in your resistance to the political correctness police.
" Casual" Conversation & the "D" Word
Be wary of colleagues casually asking you political questions like "How do you feel about diversity?" You should practice sounding sincere when you respond. YOU: "I truly believe that racial and sexual discrimination in the workplace is wrong." One of our other, favorite responses is the "synonym" answer, substituting "variety" for "diversity". YOU: "I believe it is a good thing to work with and for a variety of people from all races, any gender, and all ethnic backgrounds."
Semantic Games:	At	one	time,	words like "diverse" and
"diversity" were perfectly useful parts of the English language. However, since they have become politicized, you may wish to practice eliminating them from your eveiyday conversation. For example:
Political: "There is a diversity of flora and fauna in the park." Neutral: "There is a wide variety of flora and fauna in the park."
Political: "This certainly is a diverse group of people!"
Neutral: "This certainly is a varied group of people!"
Diversity equals inequality
School Shootings
and Social Disintegration
These violent events are holding up a mirror to ourselves, to our own failure and irresponsibility in a number of different areas; to a lack of fairness in our public institutions; to a system of social morality in the media that is shaped by one thing: the marketplace, and whatever will sell. Instead of looking at ourselves, however, the almost universal response has been tighter controls and more repression. Few are concerned about athletic thugs beating up weaker, marginalized students. Rather, the concern is that those marginalized students be watched more closely to make sure they, too, do not rebel against their oppressors. It is a "Keep the lid on" philosophy, and it has at its foundation a self-righteousness that wishes to deny that injustice has been allowed to prevail. But isn't that the typical despotic response? Anywhere in the world, the response of despots to unrest amongst their people is not to reform their governments, but to institute tighter controls, to quash any sign of rebellion.
How self-serving it is to ignore these deeper problems, and to go for the superficial aspects, as if that is where the real problem lies! Make students stop wearing trenchcoats! Indeed! What we need is an in-depth look at our institutions and an examination of the ways they have abandoned their rightful mission.
MISCEGENATION
What the Holy Bible Has to SAY Concerning Race-Mixing and Interracial Marriage
A 23 Page Booklet j
$3.50 cash or postal money order
Christian Covenant Fellowship and Ministry P.O.Box 1231 Chickasha, OK 73023

White Realtors BEWARE
Girardeau A. Spann, a black law professor at Georgetown University who was on the lookout for a house to buy, decided that an Arlington, Virginia, real estate developer was violating fair housing laws, so he decided to sue.
A federal jury agreed with him and ordered Colonial Village Inc. to pay Spann $200,000—along with another $650,000 to two nonprofit fair housing groups.
Had Spann put in a bid for a house and been turned down on account of his race? No. Had he approached a Colonial Village agent and been told there were no vacancies because of his race? No. He had noticed that the company's ads depicting happy Colonial Village residents used only white models.
ftIt made me angry and it still makes me angry to this day," Spann told the Washington Post. Since 1986, when the suit was filed. Colonial Village has dutifully used black models in its advertising, and the Post has scrupulously adhered to its own agreement (also prompted by Spann's suit) to require 25 percent of all models used in real estate ads to be black. And Spann still hasn't bought himself a house.
Example 2: A fair housing organization in Pennsylvania sued a realty company for using the term "Rare find" for a house it offered. The house was in a black neighborhood, and the fair housing activists claimed that "Rare find" was racially discriminatoiy phrase indicating that it was rare to find nice homes in black areas.
Example 3: Long Island Housing Services sued a newspaper for permitting the use of the term "Professional" in classified ads. A spokesman for the group claimed that the word "Professional" was a racist code word.
Example 4: The Chicago Tribune reported that realty professionals in various parts of the country had been told the term 'walk-in closet' is unacceptable because it discriminates against wheelchair-bound persons, and that 'master bedroom' likewise suggests slavery.
Example 5: The New York Times noted in November 1993: "Anyone shopping for a house these days is likely to find brokers reluctant to answer the question of which community has the best schools, particularly in metropolitan suburbs. While this is a major concern of the buyer, brokers know that an inappropriate answer could be considered a violation of the Fair Housing Law." The Westchester County, New York, Board of Realtors discourages its members from giving out average Scholastic Aptitude Test scores of local schools even though the figures are published in the newspaper. Board attorney Edward Sumber observed, "There is some feeling that high SAT levels imply a nonracially mixed area."
Does this make you angry ?
Mark Nelson wrote:
Dear Sir,
I thank you for your compliment, I do try to treat people as I desire to be treated, with courtesy, dignity,and respect. I again thank you for your response.
And I again thank you for your considering myself for a grant to go back to school. I prefer to work hard to do this achievement, and hopeful without assistance. But if I do need your services, it's a comforting thought knowing that you will be there for me. Thank you again, for listening. I think it's so important to listen these days, and again thank you for your considering my financial assistance for my future educational needs. I wish you the very best of success, and a wonderful future with your position.
May God bless you and protect you daily.
"Never has the future of this planet depended upon such a handful of men. I think the first universal rule... is not to accept lies. To speak the truth is to ensure the rebirth of liberty - regardless of pressure, interests, and fashions - to say what one knows, to be truthful, to keep repeating it. And if some people shrug their shoulders, repeat it again." — Alexander Solzhenitsyn
6
BOYCOTT K-MART
I have been shopping at K-mart for years.
Just recently, it was brought to my attention that R-Mart's PR-spokesman, Rosie O'Donnell, has come out in opposition to the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.
Look what the obese, garrulous gal said:
"I don't care if you want to hunt. I don't care if you think it's your right. I say: 'Sorry, it's 1999. You are not allowed to own a gun, and if you do own a gun I think you should go to prison."
I intend to stop shopping at K-Mart until I receive word that this uninformed and anti-social TV-host diva has been removed as the K-Mart spokesman. We owe our freedom ~ past, present and future — to our right to keep and bear arms.
f — ■' 11	1 ■■ ■■■■■■■ '■  .. ■■	■■■■■■■■■
I reckon Rosie O’Donnell don’t know nothing about blood and honor or the Constitution of the United States.
BLOOD HONOR
Blood ‘n honor... what we are so fond Our blood...our own precious bonds!
Our honor-Bound by this privilege respect... That’s all we have...
Apply anything less...
Just a worthless salve.
For our blood is our bond...
Which we give and keep.
So life’s priceless gift...
We forever reap!
When you stand straight...
For what you believe,
Your blood ‘n honor...
Well, can never be deceived.
Evil temptation...
The forbidden fruit of life,
So we consciously reason...
Resist this useless strife.
Our greatest power...
For us to choose Go ‘against the grain Forever we lose...
For there is no right way—
What, to do a wrong thing- why,
A wrong thing is not worth the trouble It will bring!
Upon this code of ethics.
We blissfully live.
Our children are endowed...
As we generously give The pinnacle of life...
Each generation must reach.
For our blood ‘n honor...
Our duty to teach.
Our thought and belief is in...
What has to be done,
For only blood ‘n honor...
Really has to be won!
So love our faith, then hope-Make this reality come true...
For our blessed progeny-Because really, it’s all up to you!
Dedicated to all that recognize Blood and Honor for what it's worth. By:
Roger Pique’
7
Proposition 209
Pacific Legal Foundation Sues San Francisco and Mayor Willie Brown for Violating Anti-Bias Initiative
Sacramento, California; January 19,1999: The Sacramento-based Pacific Legal Foundation sued the City of San Francisco and its mayor, Willie Brown, for violating Proposition 209 by allowing only minority- or women-owned businesses to bid on certain public contracts (Taber v. City and County of San Francisco).
Amazingly enough, San Francisco has an ordinance - in defiance of Proposition 209 - which sets-aside a percentage of city contracts for companies owned by women or minorities. The city notified Ford Graphics in July 1998 that it was ineligible to bid on a project calling for reprographic services because (a) Ford Graphics is owned by a "white male"; and (b) the contract in question was set-aside exclusively for minority or women owned businesses.
Proposition 209 is now a part of the California State Constitution (Section 31 of Article I). The law is modeled after the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and prohibits state and local governments from discriminating against or granting preferential treatment to anyone on the basis of race and gender in public contracting.
PLF’s legal action against San Francisco's public contracting "set-aside" policy [Administrative Code Sec. 12D.6(B.7)] follows on the heel of the Board of Supervisors' recent endorsement of a plan to extend its race/gender preference policies into the year 2003.
PLF's lawsuit was brought on behalf of a number of San Francisco taxpayers and Tom Taber, a sales representative for Ford Graphics in San Francisco. Taber was prohibited from bidding on a city project requiring reprographic services because the firm he worked for was not an "economically disadvantaged local business," which under the city's code means minority- or women-owned businesses.
"Any government policy that outright prohibits certain people from bidding on a contract is, without question, discriminatory and therefore violates Proposition 209's equal treatment mandate," said Mark T. Gallagher, an attorney with PLF which helped win a major ruling in 1997 from the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upholding the constitutionality of Proposition 209. "Equal treatment under the law is impossible in San Francisco so long as city officials continue to grant special privileges and preferences to politically favored groups," said Gallagher.
The San Francisco Board of Supervisors voted last September to expand its decade-old Minority-Women-Local Business Enterprise Program to Arab Americans and Native Americans to increase the types of groups given contract preferences. Other groups given preferential treatment in contracting are African Americans, Asian Americans, Latinos, and women.
Headquartered in Sacramento, California, PLF is a public interest, nonprofit organization dedicated to litigating nationwide in defense of private property rights, individual and economic freedoms, and limited government. PLF has opposed race and gender preferences, quotas, and set-asides in government contracting for nearly 25 years. (Be sure to visit Pacific Legal Foundation's web site at http://www.pacificlegal.org)
Contact: Mark T. Gallagher or Sharon L. Browne or John H. Findley at (916)
641-8888 or E-mail: plf@jps.net
Race Matters
In March, the Census Bureau released its periodic projection of the ethnic makeup of the United States during the next few decades. It reported that if current immigration and birth rates hold steady, by the year 2050 the percentage of Hispanics will have increased from 10 to 25 percent, Asians from three to eight percent, and blacks from 12 to 14 percent. All these increases will come at the expense of whites, who are projected to fall from 74 percent to about 50 percent.
Within 50 years, therefore, whites will be on the brink of becoming just one more racial minority. And because whites are having so few children, they will be an old minority. Within just 34 years they will already account for less than half the population under age 18, but will be three quarters of the population over 65. Many people will be alive to see these things happen. As usual, the Census Bureau's projections don't stir much interest, but let us be frank: if this demographic shift takes place it will transform America. It will transform America because race makes a difference. Race matters.
The Jury and Justice
"I consider trial by jury as the only anchor ever yet imagined by man, by which a government can be held to the principles of its constitution."
Thomas Jefferson
Jury Nullification is a way of maintaining our inalienable rights and constitutional guarantees in the face of oppressive laws and injustices.
8
Little Green Lemon wrote:
Hi Reno,
Sorry for not responding to your last message but I have been through a pretty stressful time with thesis and preparation for this summer.
You might be very surprised if I tell you that rethinking about my experience here at Bates, I have come to agree with several points you made about such things as Affirmative Action and other multi-culturalist foolishness that are so rampant on campus. What really triggered this change of mind was my encounter with Romanian students who feel really not at ease in this half-Marxist atmosphere and one of them plans to transfer because he is fed up with the PC talks that prevails on this campus.
To be honest, when I think about it, I find it hard to believe that I actually bought all this discourse about American being so racist, sexist and classiest by nature (that is, they are uncurable....it is like it is embedded in their genes and so can't help it.) when one sees what this society has allowed since the 60's in an attempt to help black people as well as other less favored minorities.
I guess, it might be because my councilor told me, during my first year, that I had been culturally discriminated against and so that I was just one more poor little victim of those ugly and ignorant white males who will never get it, unless you beat the crap out of them!
I have been reading some books on the situation of other universities, some of them really prestigious like Harvard, and I could not believe what I was reading!!! I could not believe that Affirmative Action and PC had lead to such extreme as the hiring of professors without Ph.D. on the simple basis of their political orientation, the tolerance of violence by minorities toward white student, simply because it is due to frustration caused by a rampant racism and the brainwashing that takes place in courses such as Women's studies or Afro-American studies as well as the transformation of classroom into camps of training for social activists.
I took a women's studies class this semester, which, I thought would help me for my thesis. Not only, did it not help me, but I basically wasted my time there, not learning anything except that I should feel guilty because I am white and wealthy (how many time should I tell them that I am Swiss from Geneva, not white, damn it!!!).
In this class and in my last anthropology class, as I started to question some of the basic assumption about their idea of power, discrimination, racism and imperialism, I was called a racist, a sexist (?!?) and an esclavagiste. I was also accused of blaming the victim, when I said that not all
women are subjected to the domination of fashion. So basically, I have them feeling that I have been somewhat cheated by the college, because I haven't been offered the education it had promised me in the catalogue.
There is one website that you might want to visit which has had some beneficial impact on my worldview. It is the FrontPagemag.com, hosted by David Horowitz and his friends. They are libertarians who have decided to fight back against the invasion of the leftist-Marxist in the American campuses. The url is: www.frontpagemag.com. There, you can order also books such as "Surviving the PC University" that are really good and very awakening!
Well, that is quite a turn, isn't it? I am going to Spain and Morocco, leaving tomorrow with 15 other students enrolled in the same short-term. It should be a great trip, since we are going to visit all these fantastic places, such as Cordoba, Toledo, Sevilla, Algesiras and then Ceuta, Fez, Marrakhesh, Rabbat,...And even though this class is taught by some of the most political professor on campus, simply to be in Spain and Morocco, is worth the PC torture! After that, I will graduate and go back home. I plan to teach myself web design, HTML, javaScript and anything else I need to know to become a Web designer and to prepare a port-folio to enter a school where I can study multi-media communication. It is far from classical archeology, but I intend to use these knowledges to help museums prepare their multi-media educational apparatus for their expositions (you know those fancy computers that tell you eveiything and more about the topics of the museum by just a touch of the finger on the screen!) as well as develop on-line communities and manage them. I also have to do my driver license and I will work in a museum filling out there database with their collections.
All in all, I am quite confident about my future and I am happy to leave Bates, although this also means leaving very good friends. But, if I make enough money. I'll come visit them, wherever they are in the world! I hope that you are doing well too and that you are also envisioning the future with as much confidence!
9
Mark Krikorian wrote:
Reform folks: The latest from Yeh Ling-Ling.]
Union Leader (Manchester, N.H.)
May 4,1999
What can Kosovo teach us? By Yeh Ling-Ling
Ethnic strife in the former Yugoslavia has escalated to tragic mass killings. Although the U.S. is no Yugoslavia, Americans can ill afford to ignore distuxbing evidence of rising racial and ethnic tensions at home.
This past February, Norman Bernstein, principal of a predominantly Latino school in Southern California, told the Los Angeles Times that he was “beaten unconscious by two men, at least one a Latino...” Those assailants said to him, “We don’t want you here anymore, principal. Do you understand that, white principal?”
In June 1998, Mario Obledo, former California Secretary of Health and Welfare and co-founder of Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, one of the nation’s most prominent Hispanic organizations, was interviewed on the Southern California-based radio station, KIEV. He affirmed his position that California is going to become a Hispanic state, and that anyone who does not like it should leave.
Unfortunately, racial and ethnic tensions have also occurred in many other states:
Last August, the Boston Globe reported frequent conflicts between Hispanics and whites in a housing project near Boston whose residents have changed from all-white to largely Hispanic. A frustrated local white remarked: “ if they [Hispanics] can’t accept us,... they can leave... This was a white town.”
Last year, the Detroit Free Press reported that “a lunchroom food fight pitting Arab and non-Arab students turned into an all-out brawl” at a local high school. This prompted the Dearborn school board to “address racial tension in the city that often has been divided along Arab and non-Arab lines.”
Recently, the Record in New Jersey wrote that deep-rooted tension between Korean immigrants and natives in a New Jersey suburb “extends beyond the main street and into schools and everyday life.” While the head of a local homeowners’ association said that he felt like a stranger in his own town, a local Korean American commented, “This is like Korea...”
The Lexington (Kentucky) Herald-Leader has noted that the rapid Hispanic population growth there has created fraction between local Hispanics and natives, including black Americans. According to a local Hispanic, the town’s newcomers “are tiying to have their own lifestyle like they had in Mexico.”
As early as in 1992, Jack Miles, then an editor writer for the L. A. Times, warned in his Atlantic Monthly article, “Blacks Vs. Browns,” that the Rodney King riots were carried out against Latino and Asian immigrants by poor native Blacks who felt out-competed politically and economically. A recent headline in the New York Times stated: “Many Florida Blacks, Tossed by Population Shifts, Say They Feel ‘Left Out’.”
(Continued on page 11) ethnic strife
POLITICAL PARTIES
The first national politician in America to warn against the evils of political party loyalty was none other than George Washington, who, in his Farewell Address, said:
Let me now take a more comprehensive view, and warn you in the most solemn manner against the harmful effects of the spirit of political parties generally.
This spirit, unfortunately, is inseparable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under different shapes in all governments, more or less stifled, controlled, or repressed; but in those of the popular form it is seen in its greatest corruption and is truly their worst enemy.
The alternate domination of one party over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid evils, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent evil. The disorders and miseries which result, gradually motivate the minds of men to seek security and compromise in the absolute power of an individual, and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing political party, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation on the ruins of public liberty.
Sound familiar? Washington could well have been talking about William Jefferson Clinton. But if our loyalty does not belong to a political party, to what, then, do we owe allegiance?
If con is the opposite of pro, is Congress the opposite of progress?
10
(Continued from page 10) ethnic strife
Racial and ethnic conflicts have always been part of the American experience. However, this country is now experiencing the greatest sustained inflow of immigrants in its history, over 1.2 million per year on the average, plus hundreds of thousands of “temporary” workers. Recent newcomers have come from well over 100 countries, and are not assimilating. How fragmented will America become if we add more than 200 million people to our population within the lifetimes of today’s teenagers, which is a possibility according to the U.S. Census Bureau?
Although the U.S. did absorb close to one million immigrants per year at the turn of the last century, most of them eventually assimilated, thanks in part to a quasi moratorium in immigration between 1925 and 1965. At present, acculturation is nearly impossible due to many factors: progress in telecommunications and transportation that can link most immigrants easily and continuously to their home countries; an explosion of foreign-language media that deprive immigrants of both the incentive to learn English and the experience of hearing it spoken; activists promoting bilingual education and multiculturalism; and most importantly, an absence of some sort of “time-out” from mass immigration.
The present crisis in Yugoslavia, the recent atrocities committed against ethnic Chinese in Indonesia, and the ongoing tribal wars in Africa demonstrate that extreme violence can exist even among peoples of the same race. Competition for resources and differences in culture and ethnicity are often the main dividing forces in multicultural societies.
Racial and ethnic harmony can still be achieved in the U.S. if effective measures are taken to prevent present conflicts from escalating. Although the 4 states most impacted by immigration have more than half the electoral votes needed to be elected President, immigration is a time-bomb that must be addressed. A necessary and urgent step is for Washington to lower annual immigration to no more than the traditional level of approximately 200,000 a year.
Yeh Ling-Ling, herself a Chinese immigrant, is the Executive Director of Diversity Alliance for a Sustainable America, a national non-profit organization.
Why are there flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes?
Harassed by Black Racist
"It is hopeful that maybe, finally a place where I do not have to hide in fear of all the black racists out there who have in the past threatened me when I did nothing wrong except that I was white.
I will share an example of why I have turned 180 degrees and feel there is a real need for the NAAWP.
Recently I was sexually harassed and called racist since I would not have sex with a black friend of mine. The friendship ended after he assaulted me and his black friends OUTRIGHT LIED to get him off the hook. It really changed my opinions.
Prior to that experience, I was brain washed into thinking that all blacks just wanted to get along, and the whites where the racists. Additionally, he constantly borrowed things from me but never returned anything.
Looking back, I basically let him walk all over me. He used the "majority of whites are racist myth" to emotionally blackmail me. He accused me of being racist because I was not attracted to him, nor was I willing to engage in casual sex with him.
For the record, I don't believe in casual sex! I didn't care how big his member was, or what he would like to do to me...yuk! It made my skin crawl because his sexual suggestions were clearly unwarrented, but he did not respect my space, because he had been able to "convert" many white girls who he introduced me to. He accused me of thinking I was superior to him because I kept saying "no" to him.
His black friends BLINDLY lied about his assaulting me to protect him in the name of solidarity...and that was my rude awakening. He also got a few mutual white friends to listen to the lies of all his black friends and the white friends turned against me also.
Looking back, I see the truth: there are blacks who are very skilled at using the race card to emotionally blackmail whites AND EACH OTHER, and my assailant used race as an excuse to be a pig!
This latest and other past experiences of anti-white violence are why I am here.
I'm glad I found the NAAWP!
Submitted by a NAA WP member
11
Johnny Heaston (NAAWP Local Leader) wrote:
The following article is from The Commercial Appeal in Memphis, TN on May 14, 1999. The U.S. Dist. Judge Jerome Turner who ruled on this case is black. He found that the city's use of racial quotas to promote black officers was unconstitutional.
Judge rejects police quota system City owes white officers damages by Chris Conley - The Commercial Appeal
The inability or unwillingness of Memphis to create job-related and race-neutral tests for police department promotions stymied careers for nearly a decade and may result in a major cost to the city.
In a ruling on a decade-old lawsuit, U.S. Dist. Judge Jerome Turner found that the city's use of racial quotas to promote black officers was unconstitutional. Turner set a hearing for June 30 to determine how much white officers who were denied promotions should be awarded in damages.
More than 100 white officers sued in two cases, Ashton vs. City of Memphis and Aiken vs. City of Memphis, in 1989 and 1990 when they were passed over for promotion as the police department sought to meet quotas for moving black officers to higher rank. There plaintiffs number about 45 now, their attorney said.
The city began the quota system in the early 1970s after entering a series of consent decrees with the U.S. Justice Department to remedy past discrimination against black officers. The police department did not move to create a testing system until 1996, when Director Walter Winfrey ordered the drafting of "validated" tests, which measure job-related abilities.
The officers who sued in 1989-90 argued that "the use of affirmative action was not necessary because the city could have developed a validated testing procedure," which would have taken care of the problem. Turner's Wednesday ruling says. The city did not tailor its remedy to past discrimination as is should and violated the Constitution, the judge wrote. "Clearly, if the city had developed such a validated test, the city would be released from the obligations to use affirmative action," the ruling says.
"The court finds that the city could have developed a validated testing procedure prior to 1988, and that its attempts to do so were meager," Turner wrote.
A validated test checks candidates based on their knowledge of the job they are applying for, said industrial psychologist Dr. Mark Jones, who in 1996 helped create such promotional tests for the department. "It accurately forecasts job performance," said Jones, who testified this year during the weeks-long trial in the Memphis case. A promotion test for sergeants, for instance, would test for knowledge of department policies and procedures and the laws regarding arrest and detention, he said.
Jones testified during the trial the the city had no good reason for not using validated tests between the early 1970s and the promotions in 1988 that sparked the two lawsuits.
David Sullivan, the attorney representing the officers who sued, said Wednesday that the city violated the Constitution by promoting officers based on racial preference. "The consent decree does not allow them to do that... the purpose of the consent decree was to develop a fair and neutral promotional process," he said.
Ironically, Sullivan said, the city's goal of more quickly promoting black officers into supervisory ranks would have been better served by having validated, race-neutral tests. "When you do give neutral tests, black candidates do better than if you use race quotas," he said.
Attorney Louis Britt, who represented the city in the case, had not had a chance to read Turner's opinion, so reserved comment on the opinion or whether the city will appeal .
12
(Continued on page 13) racial quotas
(Continued from page 12) racial quotas
Capt. Steve Brown, president of the Memphis Police Association, noted that the case had delayed promotions for nine years. "I hope this will bring it to a conclusion." The union did not take sides in the case, but watched it closely. "We don't want to hold up members competing in a promotional process," he said.
The impact of such drawn-out litigation and the subsequent damper on promotions, Brown said, is that the careers of many officers have been thwarted. They have missed out on promotions. Their pensions will be less because they will have retired at lower ranks than they might have.
In 1992, U.S. Dist. Judge Odell Horton threw out the cases, combined for trial as in one case, when he upheld the constitutionality of the consent decree.
A panel of the U.S. Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals initially upheld Horton's ruling. But the full 15-member court in 1994 sent the case back to the district court and instructed Horton to hold hearings and determine why the city had not developed race-neutral, valid tests. Turner took the case after Horton retired, and earlier this year held lengthy hearings.
Government is stockpiling supplies for Y2K
True. According to our sources, most diesel generators now being purchased in the United States are being purchased by either state or federal government. Many large food orders have been placed by government officials, shipped to their summer homes outside of Washington D.C. (Source: food suppliers.) Orders for storable food by various offices in the U.S. military have also risen considerably. (Source: tips from military personnel.) Clearly, government is not following its own advice of a "72-hour snowstorm.
Our Constitution is in actual operation; everything appears to promise that it will last; but in this world nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Ben Franklin
NAAWP STAMP DRIVE
I wish to thank everyone who responded to our request for stamps. However, we fell far short of our goal for member participation. Ten percent of the membership can’t, nor should they, support the other ninety percent. Keep in mind that we have grown greatly in 1998, and we need to continue!
The stamps and stamp donations enabled us to send out packets of information to our Chapter Leaders. These cost $3.00 each to send out. An information packet to inquires and requests are $1.01 each. To send out the Rules and Regulations, with a cover letter, is .78 cents. As you can see, a book of stamps can go real quick! Then there is the letters sent out to those who are about to expire, then the confirmation letter back with their membership card. It all adds up to a great postage expense. This is why we need more than just 10% of the organization to contribute.
We are growing real fast as the only White Civil Rights Organization in the country. The Junior NAAWP National Website (naawp.net) is reaching out to our youth across America. The NAAWP National sites, (naawp.org and naawp.com) are “hit” hundreds of times a week. We are on the threshold of one of the greatest movements in the history of this nation, and doing it legally without violence or threats of violence.
Liberals say that it can’t be done. I know it CAN be done! Look what has happened in California with Proposition 209, and Proposition 200 in Washington state! We can do it, however, it takes more than 10% of our membership to do it. To those of you who have not sent stamps, it is only $6.60 for 1 book. Please help us answer the many who seek us for help and information.
Small victories can add up~.
Tips on "How to Handle Yourself in Racial Arguments"
From time to time, we all get in racial discussions. When we do, we can try to win the argument or try to win a convert Here are some suggestions from Installation on how to win the convert. The author, N.B. Forrest, warns that the list Nis not a complete guide by any means, but it may be useful in formulating your responses to accusations of bigotry."
Don't be discouraged if you lose control occasionally. There's always another day and plenty of liberals, conservatives, and just plain confused people to convert Changing times and a slowly disintegrating nation will force more and more "know-nothings" to confront their own irrational beliefs and world-view. Remember, you too were probably a "know-nothing" at one time. It is important for us all to work steadily, patiently, methodically, and intelligently at the problem confronting us.
1.	When discussing issues of race and minorities, always do so in a serious tone. This will make it hard for others to ignore you or simply dismiss your comments.
2.	Avoid vulgarity in word and print if you audience includes persons of another race. In the world's best magazine (Instauration), we can get away with some humor and satire from time to time. After all, they don't hesitate to call us names, and we have the right to let off a little steam.
3.	Never let false accusations pass unchallenged. If you do, they quickly become accepted as truth.
4.	When accused of being a racist or bigot, give the accuser your own definition of the term: "A person who hates or dislikes another simply because of that person's race, national origin and religion." Point out that you do not judge people on that basis, but you will not ignore attacks on your own people simply because you want to avoid giving offense. Explain that you are proud of your own people, as you expect others to be proud of theirs. Say you will not tolerate actions by others, either as individuals or in groups, that are aimed at your "tribe."
5.	Explain to any interested parties that you do not "hate" other races, but that you will not let fear of being called a "hater" stop you from vigorously defending the interests of your own people.
6.	If the old superiority-inferiority argument comes up, you should state that you believe there are profound differences between individuals, populations groups and races, but that does not mean that one group or race is "superior" or "inferior." Such determinations are subjective judgments.
7.	In the matter of white separatism. Majority members should state that they believe that all persons have a right to associate with, marry, study with, play with, live with and work with the people of their choice. Nobody has the right to force his company on another... As for as legal segregation is concerned, history has shown that multi-ethnic societies are never successful in the long run. Despite the best efforts and goodwill of liberals, it may well be that the much touted "color-blind" society is chimera, never to be realized.
8.	When the subject of offending members of other groups comes up, say that as long as you tell the truth, nobody, at least no sensible person, should be offended. If the truth offends, then it will simply have to offend.
9.	At times a situation will develop in which you will expected to hide your own true feelings for the sake of not hurting another's feelings. The solution is simple. If liberals or minority members don't spare your feelings, you should not spare theirs. Silence invites further insults.
10.	The basic rule of thumb in racial arguments is to be firm, polite, have your facts straight and never lose your cool. If a black calls you a racist because you point out that whites are increasingly targets of black verbal and physical attacks, you should inform him that if you are a white racist he is a black racist Emphasize that this doesn't bother you in the least, since a degree of so-called "racism" is normal in all human groups. If a Jew calls you an anti-Semite point out that you have a perfect right to object to the actions of certain Jews. If Jews happen to be offended by this criticism, they have the choice of breaking contact with you or cleaning up their act
Every White Person has the right to defend theirself against the false label of being a racist
14
Y2K Is solved
False. In fact, we're now seeing more evidence that Y2K is far from being solved. Independent research reports, for example, continue to show that compliance claims are exaggerated or entirely made up. Few companies are claiming compliance to begin with, and programmers are still working overtime. Deadlines continue to slip, and insiders are now more concerned than the public (we'll tell you why we know that in a story next week). Y2K is anything but solved.
RichFaraone@NAAWP-LA.com wrote:
Rich, as I continue to watch and participate in about nine "conservative" organizations, I am seeing which ones actually do more than pay lip service to their stated purpose.
I would say that the only two that have "done" anything major so far are the NAAWP and the Southern Legal Resource Center.
Both of you have done things like file suits, organize mail campaigns, etc. Keep up the good work. When it comes time to renew memberships, I will let some of them go and put more money into those who are active. From Richard - a NAA WP member
P.S. - please forward this comment to your people in Florida.
Isn’t it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do "practice”?
BOYCOTT - DO NOT PATRONIZE
NAAWP
Caps and Shirts
with NAAWP logo
Northwest Airlines.... A portion of each ticket supports ONLY scholarships for Blacks K-Mart...Numerous complaints about customer treatment by minority employees throughout the country. Only "lip service" from their Headquarters. Red Lobster/Darden Restaurants...Outright discrimination against white employees by minority "supervisors" Coca-Cola... A portion of EVERY drink they sell, supports scholarships for minorities ONLY at University of Arkansas.M Whites do not apply"! Texaco...This major oil company capitulated to the NAACP, giving unwarranted promotions and raises to under qualified personnel. Every dollar you spend at Texaco, supports this blackmail of Texaco by Jesse Jackson and the NAACP.
Caps (black only) are $10.00 T-shirts s-m-l-XL* 12.00 ea. Sweatshirts are $15.00 each
Caps are one size fits all Shirts (black or white) with NAAWP logo
Don’t forget to state your shirt size !
(FI. Residents add sales tax) plus 2.95 S&H. Send your order to:
S	NAAWP
P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
15
WASHINGTON
OHIO
ILLINOIS
Bad White P.O.Box 46642 Seattle,WA 98146-0642
MISSISSIPPI
Johnny Heaston 8331 Industrial Drive Olive Branch, MS 38654
NEW YORK
Bob Edwards rharkerl@rodiester.rr.com
Rick J. Dux 3908 Harlem Rd. PMB151 Amherst, NY 14226
Irene Gallant 242 Wycross Ave. #44 Brooklyn, NY 11237
Jonathon Schor adams9876@aol.com
HAWAII
Ron Edmiston P.O.Box 15484 Honolulu, HI 96830-5484 edmiston@gte.net
CONNECTICUT
Mark Wilson P.O.Box 181 West Haven,CT 06516 JakD@aol.com
GEORGIA
Richard Campbell P.O.Box 298 Conyers, GA 30012 ricky47@hotmail.com
Jake/ Libby Adams P.O.Box 8454 Columbus, GA 31908-8454
Peggy Overcash P.O.Box 952 Hogansville, GA 30230
KENTUCKY
Tim Maxey tmax32@se-tel.com
Roger Pique* P.O.Box 7219 Fulton, KY 42041
John Pomeroy P.O.Box 288 East Springfield, OH 43295-0288 johnpomeroy@hotmail.com
FLORIDA
Ray Thomas P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681 naawp@juno.com
Reno Wolfe P.O.Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011 N AAWP1 @mediaone.net
Diane Thomas P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681 naawp3@juno.com
E. Loose ESOOLE@juno.com
Rich Raymond P.O.Box 2901 Lakeland, FL 33806
PENNSYLVANIA
Steve Smith P.O.Box 5 Thomdale, PA 19372-0005 NAAWPpa@aol.com
Harry Scaggs P.O.Box 584 Allison Park, PA 15101-0584
CALIFORNIA
Gene Moggia socalnaawp@yahoo.com
IDAHO
Richard Masker P.O. Box 5232 Coeur d’Alene, ID 83814
ALABAMA
Clay Mosby P.O. Box 313 Danville, AL 35619
TENNESSEE
Mike Eaton Jr.
53 Hudson Rd. Humboldt, TN 38343-5830
Tom Anderson naawp_il@yahoo.com
Join
The NAAWP National Become a Leader in your area. SUPPORT WHITE RIGHTS
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
NAAWP advocates planning and preparedness in the event year 2000 related disruptions occur... Whether hype or disaster, we can and should take steps to protect our neighbors, our friends, families, and ourselves, regardless.
16
The Black War On White Americans
What image do you have of racial violence in the U.S.? What type of person do you think commits interracial or "hate" crime? If you get your information from the mass media (TV, radio, major newspapers, and popular magazines), you probably have an image of a vicious, ignorant, gun-loving, hate-filled, skinhead, Klansman, or militiaman - all white, of course. That is a completely false stereotype. The truth is exactly the opposite!
The media, protected class minorities, and anti-white politicians expect you to twist in anguish over black-on-black crime or the rare but well-publicized white-on-black crime, but they never mention the much greater amount of black-on-white crime? Yes, blacks commit more crime against whites (1.58 million crimes per year) than they do against other blacks (1.34 million crimes per year)! It's a virtual war of black criminals and white victims! You'll never read the facts in the national media! Why?
Blacks murder more than 1,600 whites each year.
Blacks murder whites at 18 times the rate whites murder blacks.
Blacks murdered, raped, robbed, or assaulted about one million whites in 1992.
In the last 30 years, blacks committed 170 million violent and non-violent crimes against whites.
Blacks under 18 are more than 12 times more likely to be arrested for murder than whites under 18.
Blacks commit 7.5 times more violent interracial crimes than whites, although whites outnumber blacks by 7 to 1.
Of the 27 million nonviolent robberies in 1992, 31% (8.4 million) were committed by blacks against whites. Less than 2% were committed by whites against blacks.
This article based on data from The FBI Uniform Crime Report.
V	>4		l>		V	(9		V.
	■r	p		P	)■		-1	
	•t		<?		¥	*		%
	*	■9.		■*			*	
	*		9		V			V!
	*	■9		9			♦	
A	*		A			9		A
	*	*		*	•*		*	
A					a.	*■		*
White Americans want equal rights Not special privileges for a few
Disclaimer - Publisher reserves the right to accept or refuse any advertisements and to edit or alter or omit advertisements for any reason at any time. The Publisher reserves the right to place the words "Paid Advertisement" with advertisement copy. Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications, or services within this publication does not imply endorsement of that product, service, or publication by NAAWP. NAAWP makes no warranty of any kind with respect to the subject matter included herein, the products listed herein, or the completeness or accuracy of this publication.
Fori kilo rm a tip*	p
NAAWP VISION STATEMENT
"Achieve a credible and recognized standing within the U.S. judicial system, to represent white people as a class and others wronged by discriminatory practices and other actions, bring about a white population knowledgeable of their rights as citizens with a sense of pride in their heritage, foster a spirit of "togetherness" to enable white people to stand strong as one class of persons to protect their rights and possessions, promote an attitude of "Equal Rights for White People" with special favors for no persons or race"
NAAWP MISSION STATEMENT
“To educate and inform white citizens regarding civil matters of law which seek to compromise white citizens in favor of minority special interests. Provide for a common assembly of meeting and pooling of concerns for white people. Voice and represent the rights for white people to the various levels of government agencies within the United States primarily, but also the international community.”
RENO WOLFE
.______________________________
Ray Thomas or Diane Thomas National Director(s) P.O. Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681
(813) 274-4988 Ray - naawp@juno.com | Diane - naawp3@juno.com
Reno Wolfe CEO/President P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
(904) 766-2253 NAAWP 1 @mediaone. net
17