NAAWP NAJHONAL NEWS
Changing Tides
Volume 2, Issue 13
July, 2000 S2.50
From The Desk of Reno Wolfe
-Reno Wolfe President
With this issue we have expanded to 26 pages of dynamic information and insight. Please read these articles, as they are factual. Our contributors are very dedicated to our cause.
When reading this Newsletter, remember that organizations such as the NAACP and Jesse Jackson's "Rainbow/Push" organization are attacking anything and everything that concerns our rights. Jackson did not add, "Push" to the Rainbow coalition without a purpose.
The purpose is to PUSH aside the basic
rights of white Americans. He has been "pushing" for years on these issues.
We, the National NAAWP, have stated that he and his cohorts have "pushed" far enough! WE refuse to be "pushed" any further. However, we have a far greater responsibility to our members and supporters than only fighting the aspects of Jesse Jackson. We support the ranchers in Arizona who are fighting to keep OUR borders from being over run by illegals! These individuals are true patriots! And they deserve our support! They are being threatened by the Mexican Government, and
also by the Federal Government! This administration refuses to address this outrageous stampede of illegal aliens into-OUR country!
How far are YOU willing to be "pushed", before you take a stand and say, "enough is enough!"? Are you willing to have your children or grandchildren take the righteous stand? Instead of YOU?
The National NAAWP is fighting hard for YOU. Please help us fight harder by donating whatever you can! Be a part of history!
Operation
Appalachian
EEOC
NYC TERROR
Hispanics - New government “Sheep”.
I don’t want to be black anymore!
Hollywood
Brainwashing
Next Confederate lag Target - GA.
CA Gets a new Majority!
What is Racism?
Ccmetay Dig
Southern Party
The American Race War
2-	3 4-6
3-	4
8-9
10-
13
14-
15
16-
17
18-
21
22
23-
24
25
HOTLINE PHONE NUMBERS:
East Coast:
OPERATION APPALACHIAN
(813) 274-4988 Central US:
The National NAAWP launches, “Operation Appalachian” on June 19 2000!
This area of the United State States
has been historically deprived of the many benefits accorded to our "inner cities", ghettos and other similar enclaves. In some communities, their schools resemble those
of the 1940's and SO's.
Basic school supplies are hard to come by for many children and their families.
Continued on page 2
(504) 328-7477
Contents Copyright © 1998-2000, NAAWP National Inc.
Page 2
OPERATION APPALACHIAN!
Continued from page 1
Government subsidies for education fail to meet any of the basic criteria needed for these children to succeed to a higher standard of living. While millions are sent and given outright to schools and school districts throughout the predominantly minority areas, very little attention is given to the children of Appalachia.
We, as an organization, can reach out to ONE community, and give them the helping hand to succeed. In order to accomplish this, we are asking for school supplies of all kinds for these children. This includes but is not limited to: pencils, paper, notebooks, binders, crayons, chalk, math and spelling cards for elementary children and reading books for the various grade
levels. Even workable calculators would be great for the upper levels! Computers for a classroom would be fantastic!
It is our goal to help the children of 1 community to receive a better chance of receiving a good education, than what is currently being provided. It is also our goal to help these parents by providing them with the necessary help for them to enhance their lives and give them a "helping hand", and not a "hand out"!
Operation Appalachian will run through the summer months, and, hopefully
arrive in the designated community in early Fall. Donations of items should
be sent to National NAAWP if possible. Leaders throughout the nation should
make themselves available to pick up items in their area. If no Leader is available, then National should be contacted. Cash donations for Operation Appalachian will be accepted. However, please make sure that your donations are clearly marked "Appalachian". A separate Bank account will be established just for this project.
Together, we can make Operation Appalachian one of the largest grassroots effort ever for our people to help advance the lives of others and have a dynamic effect on our future! No other organization has ever attempted to help the poor European Americans trapped in poverty in Appalachia. We believe that it is time to do something about this travesty! These people have as much right to achieve to the best of their ability as
Southeastern Internet Service Providers - Our Web Host!
Make OUR Internet Service Provider YOURS!
RACIALLY AWARE HOSTING!
http://www.sispweb.com/
SISP is the official web-hosting and design firm for the NAAWP.
SISP can take your idea or business live via the Internet!
Have you been delaying getting your website up?
Call or visit SISP!
E-Commerce
Database
Brochure and Catalogues
Complete Packages, Under
$1,000.00!
It’s NEVER been Easier I
(504)328-1980 - Office@sispweb.com
OPERATION APPALACIAN!
Continued from page 1
those who are given every single item they ever wished for while living in public housing, the projects, ghettos, and other type of enclaves. We can do this! But only if you really want to see it done!
Donations and contributions for Operation Appalachian can be sent to:
National NAAWP PO Box 1727 Callahan, FL., 32011.
Please keep in mind that the IRS has so far refused to grant us "non-profit" status. Donations of cash will probably not be deductible, pending the out come of our appeal to the IRS. If you have any questions, please contact National President Reno Wolfe.
EEOC Chair Encourages Hispanics File Suit for Civil Rights Abuses
Is the government looking for a new flock of sheep to heard?
WASHINGTON, June 07, 2000
The head of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), Ida L. Castro, on Wednesday urged Hispanics, including illegal aliens, to report all cases of discrimination, harassment and other civil rights violations. Castro, a lawyer of Puerto Rican origin, was appointed to chair the EEOC by President Bill Clinton in 1998.
"It is very important for the Hispanic community in the United States to be aware of what their rights are on the job. The future belongs to Hispanics in this country," Castro told EFE.
"Hispanics are present at almost all levels of employment that exist in this country, but many times we allow our civil rights to be violated in the workplace for a variety of reasons," she added.
Among these is humility, "which is taught in our culture," and the desire to avoid causing problems in the workplace, which often creates a situation that encourages further abuse, Castro said.
The commission chairwoman, 46, said that Hispanics prefer to avoid problems and for this reason shied away from defending their rights, filing lawsuits or seeking help from federal organizations.
These factors create a "depressing situation" for the Hispanic community, which ends up at a disadvantage, both in salaries and positions.
"By not protesting these conditions and not defending their rights, Hispanics perpetuate this situation for the coming generations," Castro said.
Hispanics must understand that the EEOC can defend their rights and help in cases of discrimination, she added.
Continued on page 4
EEOC Chair Encourages Hispanics To File Suit for Civil Rights Abuses
Is the government looking for a new flock of sheep to heard? Continued from page 3.
Discrimination can be based on ethnic origin, language, gender, age, physical limitations "and even religion," Castro explained. Generations," Castro said. Hispanics must understand that the EEOC can defend their rights and help in cases of discrimination, she added.
Discrimination can be based on ethnic origin, language, gender, age, physical limitations "and even religion," Castro explained.
Castro said she has seen a slow increase in the number of lawsuits filed by Hispanics during the year and a half she has headed the commission.
We have won several cases, among them one against a U.S.-based lettuce distributor, where a Hispanic worker was sexually harassed "in a very inhumane and humiliating way, simply because she was vulnerable," she explained.
The company ended up paying 1.8 million dollars, after which Blanca N., the victim, was able to begin a new life.
A fund was also created to ensure that all the women harassed in that company could file suit without fear of reprisals.
The company owner also promised to educate his personnel, from the company president to the lettuce collector, for three years to change the work environment.
Castro also mentioned another case of insults, discrimination and sexual abuse in which the EEOC won a million-dollar suit against the poultry company Grace Thompson, from the state of Maryland.
"The people that come to report human rights violations are very brave and have great courage, because many fear reprisals that really exist," Castro said.
The EEOC, backed by President Bill Clinton and Vice President A1 Gore, has asked Congress to approve an additional 41 million dollars for fiscal year 2001 to fund its work in defense of workers. If approved, the monies would swell the EEOC budget to 320 million dollars.
With all the ballyhoo of the civil rights movement finally out of gas, and now looking for causes, as with the Confederate Flag issue, it is now time to turn the “NEW suffering minority” (whether they are or not) in America, the Hispanics!
According to the latest government predictions, Hispanics will make up the largest ethnic population in the United States by the year 2050.
The United States of America 1950 - The greatest nation on earth 2050 - Just another third world country!
What does the future hold for your children and grandchildren?
POLICE HUNT 7 MEN CAUGHT ON TAPE AFTER THE FACT
POLICE HUNT 7 MEN CAUGHT ON TAPE AFTER THE FACT - MEN ALLOWED TO ATTACK WHITES AT WILL!
By LARRY CELONA, FRANKIE EDOZIEN,
DAVID SEIFMAN, MARIA MALAVE, MURRAY WEISS and TRACY CONNOR
The NYPD kicked its probe of the Central Park bedlam into high gear yesterday - releasing photos of seven mystery men accused of mauling women.
’’These are the ones we have probable cause to arrest,” Police Commissioner Howard Safir said after distributing the images culled from a frame-by-frame review of 10 videotapes. His appeal to the public for help in tracking down the men, all of whom were identified as gropers by at least one victim, came amid new developments in the "wilding" case:
*	The number of women who reported they were attacked by the rampaging gang of men after Sunday's Puerto Rican Day Parade shot up to 26.
*	Several of the women told police the assaults went far beyond groping, with the marauders clawing at and jamming fingers into their genitals.
*	Internal Affairs investigators hauled in captains, lieutenants and sergeants who were on duty when the chaos erupted at Central Park South and Sixth Avenue. * Two victims were set to announce plans to sue the NYPD for failing to respond to the assaults.
Mayor Giuliani denied claims that cops were ordered not to crack down on illegal behavior at the parade.
Three days after the first reports of the mayhem, the uproar over police handling of the volatile situation and its aftermath continued to escalate.
The crux of the problem, Safir said, was that fewer officers were assigned to the area because it had not been a trouble spot during previous parades.
Police supervisors stuck to the pre-arranged deployment plans and failed to move officers to Central Park South when huge crowds gathered there, he said. A 10-year veteran who works in Manhattan said the problem went deeper than that - cops were told to take a hands-off approach to parade-goers.
"We were told, ‘We don't want to see any altercations between us and them,'" he told The Post.
"In other words: ‘Leave them alone, don't bother. If they're drinking, walk away. If they're smoking pot, walk away.'

Continued on Page 6
Page 6
POLICE HUNT 7 MEN CAUGHT ON TAPE AFTER THE FACT
Continued from page 5
"We were told not to do anything ... They don't want photos of altercations with minorities," he said. "It's very frustrating when we're told to have our blinders on."
The mayor said he saw no signs of police restraint.
"I march in the parade and police officers weren't back-
Democratic Senate hopeful Hillary Rodham Clinton called for reauthorization of the federal Violence Against Women Act to provide better training to police, and Bronx Borough President Fernando Ferrer called the melee a hate crime.
Police have arrested two men who were identified by a
ing off," he said.
However, Giuliani said he met with seven victims and found "quite credible" the account of one who said she was turned away by police after she was attacked.
"She is prepared to identify the two police officers that did not respond and I believe
young British woman attacked in the park. The suspects, who deny the charges, do not appear in any of the videos so far.
Five Bronx men questioned Tuesday night were released without being charged.
The seven men whose photos were released could be charged with assault or sexual
she can because she was able to give me physical descriptions of them."
The mayor's rivals, meanwhile, weighed in with their own criticism.
City Council Speaker Peter Vallone blamed police brass. "My own feeling was there was a breakdown of command." he said.
abuse if arrested. Police asked anyone with information to call the confidential
Crimestoppers hot line: (800) 577-TIPS.
NAAWP Announcements
The NAAWP’s General Store has gotten off to a GREAT start! Now you can buy ALL the official NAAWP products on-line! Visit our General Store TODAY! http://www.naawp.com/
NATIONAL OFFICE CAMPAIGN FUND
The NAAWP has a goal to open our National Office, in the JacksonviUe FL area during fiscal year 2000, and we need YOUR support!
Donate equipment, supplies or funds to The National Office today! Send your donations to:
National Office, PO Box 1727, Callahan, FL 32011
APPLICATIONS FOR MEMBERSHIP - PRICE INCREASE:
MEMBERSHIP DUES ARE NOW $35.00 - AS OF JULY 12,2000
"Imagine if we only had an organization like the United Negro College Fund?"
These are YOUR WORDS! Yet so far, it seems the National NAAWP is the only contributor! Can you spare the cost of ONE MEAL to help a deserving white student - ONE car wash, ONE night at the movies? You asked for it, so please - support it!
Get out your checkbook NOW, and write a check for WHATEVER you can afford, and we know you ALL can afford something, even if it's $5.00, please, do it now... for the sake of our children!
Send your donation made payable to The NAAWP Education Fund and mail it directly to:
JAX NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION P.O.Box 45085 Jacksonville, FL. 32232-5085.
Make sure you specify "NAAWP account # 574785" in the memo section.
This account is ONLY for the Education Fund. This is NOT the General Operating Fund of the NAAWP, and JAX NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION manages it. OUR CHILDREN ARE COUNTING ON YOU; SO LETS GET IT DONE!
The NAAWP now has an “official wear” clothing line available!
We now cany over 20 products! Exclusive to The NAAWP!
If you do not have Internet access, send a self addressed LEGAL SIZED stamped ($0.55) envelope to:
The General Store
PO Box 2025
Marrero, Louisiana 70072
And we’ll get you out a catalogue!
NOTE: CATALOGUES FROM LAST MONTH WILL SHIP SOON.
Page 8
I Don’t Want to be Black Anymore
©2000 SierraTimes.com
It's not working, folks. I have tried to do everything I can to be the African-American I’m supposed to be, but I just cannot continue. I am hereby resigning myself from the Black Race. And before I get death threats from my Black brethren out there, hear me out. I have almost made it through another Black history month, in which I’m supposed to do all I can to insult White people for 28 days. I guess I should even say the Black History month is a racial conspiracy by White people since they only gave us 28 (or 29) days to rip their dignity to shreds, while the other months have 30 or 31 days. I guess it’s just another example of the Black man's not getting his fair share.
Frankly, many of my Black brothas and sistas’ are starting to... well... embarrass me. Can I turn on the television and not hear some Black liberal puke complaining about something?
I’ll start there - television. First we had the NAACP (Notorious African American Communist Pigs) lambasting Hollywood for not having enough Blacks in front of (or behind) the cameras. "We don’t see enough Black folk on TV.” An economic boycott is threatened, the ugly “R” word is used, and Hollywood (you know, those rich White guys) capitulate. Did anyone ask were the accusations true? And if so, who really cares?
Whenever I turn my television to watch my favorite programs, I see plenty of very wealthy and successful Black men excelling in their trade/craft. But I guess the NFL, the NBA, and Major League baseball doesn’t count. It must be just me.
guess the "quota kings and queens" don’t count those folks. Then another "study” comes out. This one says, "While Blacks are over-represented on television, they are still given only minor roles, or are on screen for less han 5 seconds at a time.” And, of course, this too is unfair. The easy defense against this eternal whining was for anyone to just mention three letters: B.E.T. That’s right, Black Entertainment Television, where you can get all the Blackness you want, 24/7 with all those Black folks in front of (and behind) all those cameras. Gee, only about 60 million cable viewers can see that.
guess if s just me. Maybe Momma didn’t raise me right. Now we have that flag issue in Dixie. Most folks thought if they just took down that flag, all this controversy would just go away. After all, it’s a horrible reminder of slavery.
Strange, I can’t find a Black person in this country who can remember being a slave. I also can’t find one White person in the country who will admit to owning slaves. In fact, most of the Whites in this country (according to my investigation) had ancestors who landed on these shores long after slavery ended in North America. And I can't repeat what some of those Irish folks told me.
3ut, for one month I’m supposed to hate the Confederate flag. Not just waving over the South Carolina State-house, but on police cars in Mississippi and in front of livestock shows in Houston. I’m supposed to call for the changing of the names of bridges in Virginia, parks in Tennessee and the defacing of portraits of General Lee. 'm even supposed to support Rep. King’s (R-NY) demonizing of every Southerner in the halls on Congress.
’m supposed to support and endorse all of this because I’m a Black man.
Yes, boycott South Carolina. Boycott the entire South until they get their "minds right.” This means, no Blacks like me) should do any business with the South period. So, to that Black businessman in Memphis, sorry.
-lope you can get some of those racist White folks to patronize your store. The NAACP says I can’t go there. About the family reunion this year in South Carolina - forget it. Nope, not me. Our un-elected Black leadership says we gotta boycott. Don’t worry, I’ll explain to that Black soul food caterer In Columbia that the reason he’s osing so much business this year is because of a piece of doth hanging over the capitol building. He'll understand.
And Florida... we’ll have to leave you out, too. You see, Governor Jeb Bush enacted a program called "One Florida” in which anyone who finishes in the top 20% of his or her dass gets a scholarship to a public University in Florida. I can’t figure it out for the life of me, but according to my Black leaders, that’s radst, too. The NAACP head (case) says we’ll boycott Florida until that’s changed. By the way, isn’t it interesting that the same people who say we should boycott everything economically are the same people who say Blacks are economically deprived in this "White dominated” society? What they’re telling me is that Black people are too stupid to make it into the top 20% of the graduating dass, and that most Black people are too stupid to see through their lies. And most of these self-appointed Black leaders probably NEVER made it into the top 20% of anything. But
By: J.J. Johnson
nevertheless, they’re my leaders. Dan Rather, Tom Brokaw, Peter Jennings, Bill Bradley and Al Gore say they are, and since all these self-appointed “oracles” are White, they must be right.
Even Secret Service is getting into the act. Some of these guys, even though they get to guard the President and the Vice President, say they haven’t got the promotions they deserve. Where’s the dignity? I guess those White Secret Service agents get to guard folks more important.
Here’s a suggestion for the Black Secret Service agents who guard those important White folks (from the south): Wanna become heroes and restore your dignity? Quit. That’ll teach ’em.
As a Black man, I’m told I should pin my hopes on making it rich when the NAACP gets their “fair share” from suing all those guns dealers. After all if s those gun dealers’ fault for all those Black folks shooting all those Black folks. Perhaps next year, they’ll be suing bed-sheet makers, rope manufactures, and the South American drug cartels.
I have asked my Black leaders to sue the ATF, since the only product in America that “requires” you to list your race before purchasing it is a firearm. They haven’t returned my call. But then again, the right to keep and bear arms isn’t listed under “civil rights” anyway, is it?
If s okay. We’ll just sue the gun-makers instead. That’ll teach them to not sell guns to us Black folks (so we can get gunned down for reaching for a wallet.) Yes, if we just sue a few more White folks, harass and slander the rest, one day - maybe one day-we won’t have to put a prefix in front of the word “American” anymore. Well, I’m not waiting for that. I have done everything to try to advance the cause of personal freedom as a Black man, and to enjoy the liberty that my parents fought for, but it is just not working. These White people are just too smart for me. They made sure that I never had to wait at a Denny’s restaurant longer than anyone else does. Some of them hired me for simply having the brains to do the job. Some of them (the real sneaky ones) had the gall to judge me by the content of my character, and not the color of my skin. They’ve paid me in dollars with White slave-owners' photos on them. And, damn them, they made me earn it first.
They have allowed me to own my own business. They even went so far as to steal tax dollars from other White people to make sure I got an education - so I could like...make it in this world.
What an evil plot. Since there is almost no reason to bitch about anything anymore, it must be...institutional racism.
I am through being used. I am fed up with trying to conform. This year, when I fill out my Census form, I will let them know that I quit. I wish to no longer be a Black American. I want nothing to do with race baiting, whining, pandering for more tax dollars; family breakdowns, and the Al Sharptons of the world.
I am somebody, and I don’t need Jessie Jackson to tell me that. My father already did.
I refuse to be used as a statistic to get more left-wing socialists into Congress.
There is no need to make me part of a “protected group” as the California Governor recently stated. I can protect myself, thank you. I don’t want to be Black anymore.
Please do not feel sorry for me anymore, White folks. That liberal pity-party really insults me, anyway.
You Democrats don’t have to act like you like me. I know it’s an election year. I am tired of being the Black “sheep" of the party. Leave me alone.
If it means disgracing my own heritage by insulting Southern history... I don’t want to be Black anymore.
Since making the same statements Martin Luther King, Jr. made in 1963 are now considered “racist” and “insensitive...” I don’t want to be Black anymore.
If it means more innocent White people are forced to go through “sensitivity training...” I don’t want to be Black anymore.
If it means that everyone looses their freedom of speech, freedom to peaceably assemble, and their right to keep and bear arms... I don’t want to be Black anymore.
If it means being a ward of the State, rather than a Child of God...
I don’t want to be Black anymore.
I’ll sign the papers, dammit. I’ll file the lawsuit. I’ll start the boycott this time. I have every right. I am sick of these media-selected Black prostitutes making a mockery out of my country, out of everything America stands for. I’m sick of them giving everyone else a reason to hate me. I quit.. I no longer want a prefix in from of my label. From this point forward, I J.J. Johnson, DEMAND that I be simply called...
...American.
J.J. Johnson in the Editor & Chief of SienaTimes.com
Hollywood Teaches “Diversity” Through Subliminal Messaging!
Do know what YOUR children are learning?
ONCE AGAIN THE YOUTH OF OUR NATION, who are the most obvious targets of this flashy piece of propaganda, will have their minds shaped into the leftist mold, by a celluloid trap. They will be taken along by a very interesting story, exceptionally good special effects, and high tension action. Indeed, just like the sweet bait provided by the Venus Flytrap, there is to be found here everything you could possibly want to draw in the pliable minds to be shaped to your world view.
The movie is set in the future, on Earth around 2199 AD, where men are used as batteries to power the machines that are their masters. Babies are grown in pods, and then placed into the Matrix, by having their nervous system plugged into a computer grid that supplied all sensory information to them.
When a person is connected to the Matrix there is no way to tell the difference between the computer sensory data and real sensory data. The humans all thought that they were living real lives in a real world, but their lives and world were nothing but a computer simulation. In reality, there were towers with thousands pods
attached to them, each pod housing a human being, completely still, and being fed through tubes, who thought he was actually living a real life in the computer world. Virtual reality had replaced the real world and nobody knew that the real world was a dead, dark planet, being run by machines. No one that is, except for a handful of folks living on a ship, who had been disconnected from the Matrix and were fighting the machines. Here is the crew of that "Resistance” ship:
Morpheus - The leader of the group. A large Black man. He was intelligent, strong, courageous, selfless and heroic in the extreme. His leadership was firm, fair and unquestioned by all but the White traitor. He was a man's man, sophisticated, yet sympathetic and understanding.
Trinity-A White female, the second in command. She was heroic, tough, a masculine-like fighter, physically up to any challenge, and extremely intelligent. Except for her expressions of romance for the hero at the end of the movie, one would expect her to be attracted to women rather
than men.
Cypher - A White male who turned traitor later in the movie. He was disgruntled with the leadership of Morpheus and wanted to return to The Matrix to live.
Tank - A Black man who was the "operator" or contact for the "good guys" when they entered The Matrix. He was intelligent, brave, bom "free" of The Matrix in the city of Zion.
Dozer - Tank's brother. He was much darker than Tank, which would imply a "half-brother" relationship. He was brave, big and strong.
Mouse - The only White male of the original group which could be considered a "good guy." He was well named, in that he appeared weak, and he was picked on by the others. He was obsessed with sex and created a virtual reality woman that he tried to pimp to the main star of the movie.
Switch - A White female, hard looking, masculine in demeanor, a warrior mentality.
A secondary character but obviously placed there to promote the feminist, fighting female myth.
Apoch - A dark skinned His-
The “New World Order”, taught subliminally!
panic. Quiet, strong and a good soldier. A secondary character, who filled the role of a courageous, and dependable Nonwhite.
At the start of the movie, we are introduced to the savant ones by way of a fight scene where Trinity easily killed 4 males with her bare hands. This feminist's erotic dream pushed forward the myth of the physical equality of the sexes, and was a blatant attempt to promote the idea that a woman can be a superior soldier. Of course the reason that she was superior was later explained as being not the result of her gender, but rather because of her status as one of those who know the Matrix is not real and therefore that the physical rules contained therein, can be bent or broken. Nonetheless the desired image had been planted in the young minds watching, and the feminists' propaganda was pushed ahead.
Next the "Agents," the ultimate "bad guys," were introduced to the audience. They were White men, with red hair. The way they dressed looked a great deal like FBI agents. These Agents were actually "sentient programs" that were running in the computer Matrix to police the activities of the human slaves and ensured that they all acted
the way the machines wanted them to. The Agents had exceptional powers and they could not be defeated in combat. Any human who had tried to do so, had died.
The promotion of the Media Lords' agenda was set into the mosaic of the tale very effectively, in a technically excellent fashion, highlighted by flashy special effects, artistically interesting camera angles, and a rapid moving story line. But is was impossible to ignore.
I could not help but notice that all things Evil were White.
The Agents were White men with red hair. They hated humans and they were trying to capture the Black Morpheus to effect the total defeat of the humans outside of the Matrix. They represented the ideal enemy of the human race.
The policemen in the Matrix were White males, and they were the dupes of the Agents. When the Agents told them to kill, they killed. They too were the enemies of humanity, unwittingly. They did not realize that they were living in a computer simulation, or that humanity was held in slavery, so their actions were done in ignorance, but they were aiding the White Agents, and so the net effect
of their existence was evil.
Cypher, a White member of the "resistance" who turned traitor and ended up killing several diverse members of the that organization. He was the most evil element of the movie, because he turned against the humans in favor of the machines, in order to promote his own selfish wants.
The average man on the street was White. Looking into the crowds of people one only saw White faces. These Whites were merely sheep being led around by the nose, as slaves. While they were not exactly evil, they were being fooled, living their phony, meaningless lives, and therefore useless.
The only real concession made to Whites, who obviously would be the main viewers of this film, was that the hero was allowed to be White. To make the attack on traditional White America complete they could have cast Will Smith or Wesley Snipes in the lead role. I am sure that they considered it! However, the somewhat more subtle approach they used was
Continued on page 12
Page 12
Hollywood Teaches “Diversity” Through Subliminal Messaging!
Continued from page 11
probably more effective in getting their message across. As the movie stands, it allows the viewers to be exposed to the idea that all things White are evil, but that Whites can be saved from themselves through working for diversity. The movie The Matrix tells us that only through diversity can the White race be elevated from its natural evil condition.
One of the standard ploys used by the Media Lords in movies today is to have White women working around, and with. Nonwhite men. Then when situations occur in the movie, as they always do, with emotional content where women have traditionally either hugged those around them, or required comforting from males close at hand, of course the White women will end up hugging the Nonwhite males around them, or will be comforted by those Nonwhite males. This gives a ’’golden opportunity" to those who wish to promote the racial suicide of miscegenation. Here the social tar boos against White women hugging and kissing Nonwhite males is broken down, in what appears to be a totally natural and innocent manner. In actuality there is nothing innocent or natural about the whole thing. It was contrived right from the start. There is no mystery as to why the Media Lords are so eager to have settings where White women and Nonwhite men are working together in any movie or television show. In The Matrix just such an event occurred. When the evil White Cypher killed Dozer, one of the Black men of the crew, Trinity just had to hug his Black brother Tank in consolation.
There were several things about this movie that promoted the Media Lords' feminist agenda. Of course the two masculine female characters pushed the idea that "warrior women” are a great idea. When the hero Neo, was first picked up by the gang of "good guys" it was the two White women. Trinity and Switch along with Apoch, the Nonwhite Hispanic man, who were sent to do it. The girls were shorthaired, masculine, and in charge. Apoch was just the driver, apparently there only to take orders.
Another feminist thrust was made at an earlier point in the movie where Trinity had introduced herself to Neo, and he asked her if she were THE Trinity, who had "cracked the IRS Dbase." When she replied in the affirmative Neo said, "I thought you were a guy." To which she replied, "Most guys do." This was a typical attempt to break down the traditional differences between the sexes and to promote the idea that all sexual differences are social constructs. The idea was to push the concept that it is society, not biology that makes men the most common and effective hackers, and it is nothing but pure and stupid sexism that allows anyone to doubt the Media Lords' position There was another important female character, and she had the ability to see the future. She was known as "The Oracle." She was almost a god to the "good guys" and naturally enough she was Black. She had a somewhat diverse but mostly White collection of kids, called "potentials," hanging out in her living room who were being groomed, perhaps to follow in her footsteps. The Oracle was a woman who was homey and personable, with a condescending attitude, wrapped in a personable fa9ade. Around her apartment was the only place in the entire Matrix where you saw Black faces.
The Character of Morpheus was a powerful image, used very effectively to promote the idea of diversity. Here was a man who was Black, strong, intelligent, and a great leader. He was betrayed by
the White Cypher, but the great Black Morpheus put up a tremendous fight against Agent Smith, after telling the White, redheaded agent that agents "all looked alike to him." (After Morpheus was defeated, the agent told the cops to take Morpheus. The cops ran in, and then formed a circle around him, and began beating him with their night sticks, as if he were Rodney King. The imagery was an obvious attempt to remind us how racist White cops are.)
As Morpheus sat cuffed to the chair, the camera pans over a tray filled with surgical appearing instruments. The White agents now were being depicted as evil Nazis, who had obvious plans to torture the great Black leader. Morpheus was then depicted as being tortured and demeaned but he was still filled with dignity. One would have to admire such a man as he. As he suffered on camera, and the White Agent Smith ridiculed him, your heart naturally went out to him. The way he stood his ground and refused to talk, protecting his people, was admirable. At one point Agent Smith rubbed his fingers across Morpheus' bald scalp and complained about the smell, shoving his fingers against Morpheus' nose. Was he talking about the Black smell, or merely the human smell? He did not say, but the racial implications were just under the surface. While this was going on inside the Matrix, back on the ship Tank was busy telling Morpheus' unhearing body, "You are more than a leader to us, you are a FATHER."
While the audience is enthralled with the journey of the White Neo, as he strives to become "The One" who will defeat the Matrix, they are, for the most part, completely ignorant of the programming job that is being done on their minds. They have been programmed to be more accepting of feminism They have been programmed to accept diversity. They have been programmed to view White society and people as inherently suspect, if not inherently evil. They have been programmed to view traditional White society as a fraud, and to view multiracial societies as being superior. They have been programmed to view Blacks as natural leaders. In general, the entire Media Lords' agenda has been promoted in a very big way in this movie. The sad feet is that most viewers will understand no more of what was really going on in this movie, than the people who "lived" in the Matrix understood about what was really going on in their lives.
In short. The Matrix was a movie which did exactly what our enemies wanted it to, and it did it
very well!
Review from -AL-, ilovewhitefolks.com
Readers Email
“Dear Rich, I am deeply troubled by all the new politically correct movies today. It seems that every movie I rent has a minority supremacy theme. Is this just me, or do you see it too?”
KM-Little Rock, AK.
Dear KM, No, it’s not you, it’s just another example of brainwashing of America for the sake of “Diversity”. Look at who controls Hollywood... the same folks who control the media! What does that tell you? I suggest you rent pre-1960 films, there are a lot of gre^heks out there that teach OUR values!
-Rich Faraone

Georgia - Next Confederate Flag Target
WASHINGTON - With the Confederate flag removed from South Carolina's State House dome, flag protesters are setting their sights on emblems in other states.
Georgia soon might become the main battleground between those who say the Confederate insignia represents racism and those who say it salutes heritage.
Georgia has flown a state flag that incorporates the Confederate flag into its design since 1956.
Civil- and human-rights organizations in Georgia plan to follow the model of economic sanctions that brought South Carolina's flag debate to national attention. Groups, including the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the
Southern Christian Leadership Conference, are laying the groundwork to convince lawmakers to reinstate the state flag that Georgia used before 1956. That flag did not include the Confederate battle flag.
"We want to build momentum here and raise public awareness so that by the time the 2001 Georgia Legislature session starts, it's pretty much
GET ON-LINE AND SEE WHAT THE NAAWP HAS TO OFFER FOR FREE!!
FREE COMPUTER - FREE SERVICE - $24.95 PER MO!_^ As long as you remain a PeoplePC member, they'll replace your computer every three years with a new, up-to-date model and, if you choose, give your old one to a needy school or charity. But until then, youll have their telephone support to keep you up and running. And if any hardware defect ever rears its ugly head, your warranty means a technician comes to your house and fixes it - for free.
VISIT http://WWW.PEOPIJEPC.COM AND GET ON-LINE TODAY!
OR CALL 1-800-PEOPLEPC!
TOSHIBA
the talk of the town," said Tito Jackson of the SCLC, who is coordinating that group's efforts to change that state's flag.
At its national convention in July, the NAACP's Georgia chapter is expected to introduce a resolution calling for sanctions unless that state reinstates its pre-1956 flag, Jackson said.
At the same time. South Carolina's NAACP chapter, which objects to the flag's new location on the State House grounds, will introduce a resolution reaffirming sanctions until the banner is removed from any position of sovereignty, said Charles White Jr., the NAACP's Southeast regional director.
Said national NAACP president Kweisi Mfurne: "On the national level, our attention and resources continue to be fixed on South Carolina. We don't believe that's come to conclusion." Similar groups in Mississippi are paying close attention too, planning their own efforts to target the Confederate flag there.
Like Georgia, Mississippi's state flag incorporates the Confederate battle flag. However, Mississippi Gov. Ronnie Musgrove has created a commission charged with designing a new state flag by May for the state legislature to vote on.
Thus far, there are no plans for sanctions in Mississippi, said Eugene Bryant Sr., president of the state's NAACP. "We have both white and black that agree Mississippi should move on," Bryant said. "We need a flag that encompasses the history of all the people."
Other states also are addressing flag-related issues.
Earlier this month, Texas Gov. George W. Bush ordered the replacement of two state court plaques, one bearing the Confederate flag, that commemorated the Civil War.
Earlier this year, Virginia Gov. James Gilmore HI narrowly averted an NAACP boycott over that state's Confederate History Month. Gilmore pledged to reconsider the history month before next year. Focus on Georgia. However, the focus of the flag debate has shifted to Georgia.
In April, SCLC president Martin Luther King III threatened a tourism boycott if the Georgia state flag isn't changed.
This summer, the SCLC is launching an education program for Georgia students, including a history of the Confederate flag. The group will train college students to educate others on the history of the state flag, said Brenda Davenport, the SCLC's youth and development director.
"Rather than making it a street fight or a battle of emotions, we want it to be a battle of knowledge," Davenport said. "Once you are educated about the flag and its history in Georgia, this will be more of a factual issue than an emotional one."
Georgia adopted a flag incorporating the Confederate banner two years after the landmark Brown vs. Board of Education case that declared segregated schools unconstitutional.
"A lot of people say this was a high point of massive resistance to the Brown decision in 1954, a symbolic act of defiance to that court ruling," said William Holmes, a retired Georgia Southern University history professor.
Georgia's anti-flag activists say South Carolina's flag debate taught them that economic sanctions can force change.
"You have the moral ground, but the dollar was the determining factor in South Carolina and it will be the determining factor here," said the SCLC's Jackson.
Lonnie Randolph, the Columbia NAACP branch president who led the effort to devise South Carolina's sanctions, said he has already spoken with Georgia groups, including an association of black doctors, looking for ways to use economics to force the issue.
Randolph, who will speak at the upcoming NAACP convention on the South Carolina experience, believes major Georgia corporations will play a significant role there, either as boycott targets or by pressuring legislators to change the flag.
The National Collegiate Athletic Association is watching closely too, spokesman Wally Renfro said. That group threatened to cancel events in South Carolina unless the flag was removed from the State House dome.
Renfro said the NCAA has been alerted about the Georgia sanctions the NAACP is likely to adopt in July. But Renfro said his organization has not discussed canceling events in Georgia, such as the 2002 men's Final Four basketball tournament.
Page 16
Shift in the Mix Alters the Face of California
LOS ANGELES, June 30 -At some unknown moment between now and July 1, 2001, if demographers are right, California will become the first big state in the nation in which non-Hispanic whites are officially no longer a majority. Or, to put it another way, California will become by far the largest proving ground for what it may eventually be like to live in a United States in which no one racial or ethnic group predominates.
The California of postwar popular imagination, of the Beach Boys and the John
Birch Society, of Disneyland and monochromatic Pleasant-villes full of aerospace workers, is not dead. But it is, literally, dying fast. Non-Hispanic whites now account for about three-quarters of the deaths in California, and barely a third of the births. As recently as 1970, the state was 80 percent white.
Some experts argue that this transition, fueled by millions of new immigrants, mostly Latin American and Asian, and the higher birth rates of foreign-bom residents has already taken place and has yet to be reflected in official esti-
mates by the state Department of Finance only because of glitches in counting. It has already had striking social, political, economic and psychic effects, including a series of bitterly fought ballot initiatives to curtail government services for illegal immigrants, and to end state affirmative action programs and bilingual education. Polls show that the disappearing white majority generally remains more pessimistic about the future than other groups.
But with the state's economy booming again, and the overall population expected to
grow by close to 18 million in the next 25 years, Californians are grappling anew with the meaning of this momentous shift, which the state Department of Finance now projects will happen sometime in the next year, and many are finding reasons for optimism.
"Who knows when that line is crossed, but it surely will be," Gov. Gray Davis, a Democrat, said in a recent interview. "I believe leadership requires one to look on the bright side. There's no question that a more diverse population creates some potential discomforts and even potential conflicts, but it also brings great strengths."
The demographic shift has begun to change the state's politics as scores of new Hispanic voters have registered as Democrats in a backlash spurred by Republican-led campaigns against illegal immigration. That is one of the factors complicating efforts by Gov. George W. Bush of Texas to make inroads in a state where his aides believe his Southwestern brand o f Republicanism should be appealing.
In Los Angeles, where the demographic transition has already occurred, it is at once invisible and omnipresent, apparent in the miles of neighborhoods where signs are printed in every language but English. This city has the largest population of Koreans outside Korea and the largest concentration of Iranians in the Western world, a polyglot port of entry comparable to New York at the turn of the last century. The region's latest gang battle is between Hispanic and Armenian residents in the once lily-white suburb of Glendale.
California is not the first state where non-Hispanic whites will not constitute a majority; they do not in Hawaii, whose population is predominantly Asian and Pacific Islander. In the past, there have been timesf when they have not been a majority in New Mexico, while in the pre-Civil War South, South Carolina had a black majority.
But California is the biggest state to experience the shift, and for longtime residents, the changes seem breathtaking. Just 40 years ago, the 1960 census found that the most common language of foreign-bom Californians was English, reflecting the population of British and Canadian immigrants, said Peter Schrag, the former editorial page editor of The Sacramento Bee and the author of "Paradise Lost: California's Experience, America's Future" (1998), a study of the state government's failures to come to terms with social and economic change.
"In the history of the state, we've gone up and down on this issue, and there's a kind of inherent ambivalence," Mr. Schrag said of the demgraphic diversity. "But a lot of it
is conditioned by economic circumstances.
When times are good, we like these folks, because they give us cheap labor. And when times are bad, we say, 'Who are these damn Mexicans taking our jobs Away or using public welfare? I'm not saying that's a cycle we're fitted to live with for the rest of our existence, but it's been the pattern."
The prevailing classification scheme of
One such analyst is Ron Unz, the Republican Silicon Valley millionaire who sponsored the 1998 measure to end bilingual education in the public schools in an effort to help forge what he sees as the state's best hope: a new multiethnic assimilationism that could avoid the racial wars of the past.
"Asians and Latinos are intermarrying at 30,40, SO percent rates, so the reality of die melting pot is stronger than ever," Mr. Unz said. "But the ideology has been driven out of the public arena. Very few members of the media or politicians are talking in terms of glorifying and ratifying the melting pot, so whether assimilation is doing well or not depends a lot on how you define the terms."
Race riot commission decides against cemetery dig
TULSA, Okla. - A state panel trying to clear up the mysteries of the 1921 Tulsa race riot decided Thursday against digging for a suspected mass grave in a city cemetery.
The Tulsa Race Riot Commission had planned to excavate a small site in Oaklawn Cemetery. But in its first meeting since reauthorization by the Legislature, the panel unanimously opted against any excavations, absent of compelling new reasons for doing them.
Commission member Eddie Faye Gates said many black riot survivors had told her that they feared the panel’s credibility would be hurt if no mass grave was found. ‘They think it’s a total waste of time worrying about those graves,” she said.
Others noted that funeral records already show blacks were buried in Oaklawn in the riot’s aftermath and questioned how the search of unmarked graves would further the commission’s research. Bodies also are believed to have been buried in areas now
Continued on page 22.
What is Racism? by Thomas Jackson
There is surely no nation in the world that holds "racism” in greater horror than does the United States. Compared to other kinds of offenses, it is thought to be somehow more reprehensible. The press and public have become so used to tales of murder, rape, robbery, and arson, that any but the most spectacular crimes are shrugged off as part of the inevitable texture of American life. "Racism” is never shrugged off. For example, when a white Georgetown Law School student reported earlier this year that black students are not as qualified as white students, it set off a booming, national controversy about "racism.” If the student had merely murdered someone he would have attracted far less attention and criticism. Racism is, indeed, the national obsession. Universities are on fill alert for it, newspapers and politicians denounce it, churches preach against it, America is said to be racked with it, but just what is racism?
Dictionaries are not much help in understanding what is meant by the word. They usually define it as the belief that one's own ethnic stock is superior to others, or as the belief that culture and behavior are rooted in race. When Americans speak of racism
they mean a great deal more than this. Nevertheless, the dictionary definition of racism is a clue to understanding what Americans do mean. A peculiarly American meaning derives from the current dogma that all ethnic stocks are equal. Despite clear evidence to the contrary, all races have been declared to be equally talented and hardworking, and anyone who questions the dogma is thought to be not merely wrong but evil.
The dogma has logical consequences that are profoundly important. If blacks, for example, are equal to whites in every way, what accounts for their poverty, criminality, and dissipation? Since any theory of racial differences has been outlawed, the only possible explanation for black failure is white racism. And since blacks are markedly poor, crime-prone, and dissipated, America must be racked with pervasive racism. Nothing else could be keeping them in such an abject state. All public discourse on race today is locked into this rigid logic. Any explanation for black failure that does not depend on white wickedness threatens to veer off into the forbidden territory of racial differences. Thus, even if today's whites can find in their hearts
no desire to oppress blacks, yesterday's whites must have oppressed them. If whites do not consciously oppress blacks, they must oppress them Un-consciously. If no obviously racist individuals can be identified, then "institutions" must be racist. Or, since blacks are failing so terribly in America, there simply must be millions of white people we do not know about, who are working day and night to keep blacks in misery. The dogma of racial equality leaves no room for an explanation of black failure that is not, in some fashion, an indictment of white people.
The logical consequences of this are clear. Since we are required to believe that the only explanation for nonwhite failure is white racism, every time a non-white is poor, commits a crime, goes on welfare, or takes drugs, white society stands accused of yet another act of racism. All failure or misbehavior by non-whites is standing proof that white society is riddled with hatred and bigotry. For precisely so long as nonwhites fail to succeed in life at exactly the same level as whites, whites will be, by definition, thwarting and oppressing them. This obligatory pattern of thinking leads
to strange conclusions. First of all, racism is a sin that is thought to be committed almost exclusively by white people. Indeed, a black congressman from Chicago, Gus Savage, and Coleman Young, the black mayor of Detroit, have argued that only white people "can" be racist. Likewise, in 1987, the affirmative action officer of the State Insurance Fund of New York issued a company pamphlet in which she explained that "all" whites are racist and that "only" whites can be racist. How else could the plight of blacks be explained without flirting with the possibility of racial inequality? Although some blacks and liberal whites concede that nonwhites can, perhaps, be racist, they invariably add that nonwhites have been forced into it as self-defense because of centuries of white oppression. What appears to be non-white racism is so understandable and forgivable that it hardly deserves the name. Thus, whether or not an act is called racism depends on the race of the racist. What would surely be called racism when done by whites is thought to be normal when done by anyone else. The reverse is also true.
Examples of this sort of double standard are so common, it is almost tedious to list them: When a white man kills a black man and uses the
word "nigger" while doing so, there is an enormous media uproar and the nation beats its collective breast; when members of the black Yahweh cult carry out ritual murders of random whites, the media are silent. College campuses forbid pejorative statements about non-whites as "racist," but ignore scurrilous attacks on whites.
At election time, if 60 percent of the white voters vote for a white candidate, and 95 percent of the black voters vote for the black opponent, it is white who are accused of racial bias. There are 107 "historically black" colleges, whose fundamental blackness must be preserved in the name of diversity, but all historically white colleges must be forcibly integrated in the name of... the same thing. To resist would be racist.
"Black pride" is said to be a wonderful and worthy thing, but anything that could be construed as an expression of white pride is a form of hatred. It is perfectly natural for third-world immigrants to expect school instruction and driver's tests in their own languages, whereas for native Americans to ask them to learn English is racist.
Blatant anti-white prejudice, in the form of affirmative action, is now the law of the
land. Anything remotely like affirmative action, if practiced in favor of whites, would be attacked as despicable favoritism.
All across the country, black, Hispanic, and Asian clubs and caucuses are thought to be fine expressions of ethnic solidarity, but any club or association expressly for whites is by definition racist. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) campaigns openly for black advantage but is a respected "civil rights" organization. The National Association for the Advancement of White People (NAAWP) campaigns merely for equal treatment of all races, but is said to be viciously racist.
At a few college campuses, students opposed to affirmative action have set up student unions for whites, analogous to those for blacks, Hispanics, etc, and have been roundly condemned as racists. Recently, when the white students at Lowell High School in San Francisco found themselves to be a minority, they asked for a racially exclusive club like the ones that nonwhites have. They were turned down in horror. Indeed, in America today, any club not specifically formed to be a white enclave but whose members simply hap-
Continued on Page 20
Page 20
What is Racism? by Thomas Jackson
Continued from page 19
pen all to be white is branded as racist.
Today, one of the favorite slogans that define the asymmetric quality of American racism is "celebration of diversity." It has begun to dawn on a few people that "diversity” is always achieved at the expense of whites (and sometimes men), and never the other way around. No one proposes that Howard University be made more diverse by admitting whites, Hispanics, or Asians. No one ever suggests that National Hispanic University in San Jose (CA) would benefit from the diversity of having non-Hispanics on campus. No one suggests that the Black Congressional Caucus or the executive ranks of the NAACP or the Mexican-American Legal Defense and Educational Fund suffer from a lack of diversity. Somehow, it is perfectly legitimate for them to celebrate "homogeneity.” And yet any all-white group - a company, a town, a school, a club, a neighborhood - is thought to suffer from a crippling lack of diversity that must be remedied as quickly as possible. Only when whites have been reduced to a minority has "diversity” been achieved.
Let us put it bluntly: To "celebrate" or "embrace” diversity, as we are so often
asked to do, is no different from "deploring an excess of whites.” In feet, the entire nation is thought to suffer from an excess of whites. Our current immigration policies are structured so that approximately 90 percent of our annual 800,000 legal immigrants are non-white. The several million illegal immigrants that enter the country every year are virtually all non-white. It would be racist not to be grateful for this laudable contribution to "diversity.” It is, of course, only white nations that are called upon to practice this kind of "diversity.” It is almost criminal to imagine a nation of any other race countenancing blatant dispossession of this kind.
What if the United States were pouring its poorest, least educated citizens across the border into Mexico? Could anyone be fooled into thinking that Mexico was being "culturally enriched?” What if the state of Chihuahua were losing its majority population to poor whites who demanded that schools be taught in English, who insisted on celebrating the Fourth of July, who demanded the right to vote even if they weren't citizens, who clamored for "affirmative action” in jobs and schooling?
Would Mexico - or any other non-white nation - tolerate this kind of cultural and demographic depredation? Of course not. Yet white Americans are supposed to look upon the flood of Hispanics and Asians entering their country as a priceless cultural gift. They are supposed to "celebrate” their own toss of influence, their own dwindling numbers, their own dispossession, for to do otherwise would be hopelessly racist.
There is another curious asymmetry about American racism. When non-whites advance their own racial purposes, no one ever accuses them of "hating" another group. Blacks can join "civil rights" groups and Hispanics can be activists without fear of being branded as bigots and hate mongers. They can agitate openly for racial preferences that can come only at the expense of whites. They can demand preferential treatment of all kinds without anyone ever suggesting that they are "anti-white.”
Whites, on the other hand, need only express their opposition to affirmative action to be called haters. They need only subject racial policies that are clearly prejudicial to themselves to be called racists. Should they actually go
so far as to say that they prefer the company of their own kind, that they wish to be left alone to enjoy the fruits of their European heritage, they are irredeemably wicked and hateful
Here, then is the final, baffling inconsistency about American race relations. All non-whites are allowed to prefer the company of their own kind, to think of themselves as groups with interests distinct from those of the whole, and to work openly for group advantage. None of this is thought to be racist. At the same time, "whites" must "also" champion the racial interests of non-whites. They must sacrifice their own future on the altar of "diversity" and cooperate in their own dispossessioa They are to encourage, even to subsidize, the displacement of a European people and culture by alien peoples and cultures. To put it in die simplest possible terms, white people are cheerfully to slaughter their own society, to commit racial and cultural suicide. To refuse to do so would be racism.
Of course, the entire nonwhite enteiprise in the United States is perfectly natural and healthy. Nothing could be more natural than to love one's people and to hope that it should flourish. Filipinos and El Salvadorans are doubtless astonished to discover that simply by setting foot in the United States they are entitled to affirmative action
preferences over native-born whites, but can they be blamed for accepting them? Is it surprising that they should want their languages, their cultures, their brothers and sisters to take possession and put their mark indelibly on the land? If the once-great people of a once-great nation is bent upon self-destruction and is prepared to hand over land and power to whomever shows up and asks for it, why should Mexicans and Cambodians complain?
No, it is the white enterprise in the United States that is unnatural, unhealthy, and without historical precedent. Whites have let themselves be convinced that it is racist merely to object to dispossession, much less to work for their own interests. Never in the history of the world has a dominant people thrown open the gates to strangers, and poured out its wealth to aliens. Never before has a people been fooled into thinking that there was virtue or nobility in surrendering its heritage, and giving away to others its place in history. Of all the races in America, only whites have been tricked into thinking that a preference for one's own kind is racism. Only whites are ever told that a love for their own people is somehow "hatred" of others. All healthy people prefer the company of their own kind, and it has nothing to do with hatred. All men love their families more than their
neighbors, but this does not mean that they hate their neighbors. Whites who love their racial family need bear no ill will towards nonwhites. They only wish to be left alone to participate in the unfolding of their racial and cultural destinies.
What whites in America are being asked to do is therefore utterly unnatural. They are being asked to devote themselves to the interests of other races and to ignore the interests of their own. This is like asking a man to forsake his own children and love the children of his neighbors, since to do otherwise would be "racist."
What then, is "racism?"
It is considerably more than any dictionary is likely to say.
"It is any opposition by whites to official policies of racial preference for nonwhites. It is any preference by whites for their own people and culture. It is any resistance by whites to the idea of becoming a minority people. It is any unwillingness to be pushed aside. It is, in short, any of the normal aspirations of people-hood that have defined nations since the beginning of history - but it is only racism so long as the aspirations are those of whites."
Page 22
Volume 2, Issue 13
Race riot commission decides against cemetery dig
Continued from page 17
“We would have to dig up the city of Tulsa,” commission member Vivian Clark said.
[This is an exaggeration. Would Black-hating whites "desecrate" their environs with Black corpses?]
The 1921 destruction of the city’s black business district by a torchbearing white mob is believed to be one of the nation’s worst outbreaks of racial violence.
But the death toll has long been disputed. Official records put it at three dozen but historians believe from other records and oral accounts that as many as 300 people died in two days of fighting.
No one knows for sure what happened to the bodies.
[And the credibility of anti-White mythology requires that we never find out!]
A man who remembers seeing black bodies buried in crates as a 10-year-old boy led archaeologists working with the commission to the Oaklawn site. Ground-penetrating radar and other tests showed something buried at the unmarked spot.
[So let's dig it up and authenticate this Holohoax!]
The excavation was scheduled to start in February but was postponed uponthe
discovery that a grave unrelated to the riot could be there, too.
[But doesn't "justice" demand that the greater good be served?]
The devastation left in the wake of the rampage
State Rep. Don Ross, D. Tulsa, whose legislation created the 11-member commission in 1997, also questioned the Oaklawn dig. He said it opened the panel to an aside that “doesn’t bring a lot of new information to the commission” and could cast doubt on the commission’s credibility.
The panel’s report is due to the state Legislature by Feb. 28. The Legislature extended the com-mission’s life in March. In Wednesday’s special session, it approved $250,000 for the commission to complete its work and for a separate committee to design a riot memorial.
Pete Churchwell, who was elected chairman of the panel Wednesday, estimated it will cost $60,000 to $80,000 to finish the report and have it printed.
Most of the document will focus on answering questions about the history of the riot, such as who caused it? How many died? Was it a conspiracy?
It will be co-authored by historians Scott Ellsworth and John
Hope Franklin, who also is head of President Clinton’s advisory committee on race. The panel set an Oct. 25 deadline for delivery of the team’s completed report.
The panel’s own conclusions and recommendations on issues such as reparations will be added after that, Churchwell said. The panel recommended in a preliminary report that survivors and their descendants be paid restitution.
The list of known living survivors has grown from 21 when the panel began its work to 106 on Wednesday.
[Sound familiar?]
Ross said he doesn’t consider it the commission’s job to put a dollar figure
on reparations. He urged the
group to simply make the
facts clear in its
report. “It is not to be draped
with ideas or emotion,” he
said.
[So let's start digging!]
Page 23
Southern Party ready to 'ride with Forrest'
By Sean Scully
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C.
It's not so much that Steven Rogers wants to see the United States break up. He just wants to return to an older, more limited form of government — and if a few states get left behind, well, so much the better.
"I'd love to take all 50 states with us, to get our constitution back," says Mr. Rogers, a store owner from Clover, S.C. "But the Northeast and some other places, a lot of people think they are beyond saving."
Mr. Rogers and ahandfid ofother Southerners — patriots, they regard themselves — have concluded that they are best off being entirely separate froip the rest of the nation. They gathered over the weekend in this suburb of Charleston to write a platform for a new party, dedicated to the proposition that the South should rise again.
"Our nation is occupied, our culture and heritage are under attack," says Ron Holland, finance director of the new Southern Party. "The problem is we have always been on the defensive against big government.”
Now members of the Southern Party want to be on the offensive. They hope to organize in 17 Southern and mid-Atlantic states — perhaps a few pro-Southern states in the Southwest as well — and elect pro-secession candidates to the statehouses and governors' mansions wherever they can.
Of course, the last such drive for secession didn't work out very well. The new Southern Party wants to make secession a legal, ballot-driven exercise and avoid the military unpleasantness, the invasion of the South, and all that.
"It will have to be peaceful or it will never happen," says Herb McMillan, a retired vending service company owner from Tega Cay, S.C. The party's principles are simple: limited government, low taxes, and self-determination for the South, which members see as a distinct and unified place, different from the North, the Pacific Northwest or the upper Midwest.
Members concede that it will be a difficult battle. The verdict of 1865 quieted talk of secession for more than a century, and the majority of people in the country seem to accept the notion of union as an unalterable fact of life.
But members also say historic change can come quickly. Walter "Donnie" Kennedy, author of "The South Was Right" and the reigning philosopher of the party, points out that nobody expected the reunification of Germany in 1989 and almost everyone was astonished by the sudden demise of the Soviet Union in 1991.
"All we've got to do is tell the truth and let the chips fell where they may," he says.
Although the party is almost all white, it rejects any notions of racial segregation. All Southerners, black and white, members say, share a common cultural heritage and economic interest.
Party Chairman Jerry Baxley insists that a recent e-mail letter, signed by an official of the Georgia state part) should not be viewed as a racial document, though it called the National Association for
Page 24
Southern Party ready to 'ride with Forrest'
Continued from page 23
the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), which has led a campaign to remove the Confederate battle flag from public
places, "an odious blight on the universe."
The e-mail message invited Southern patriots to "ride with Forrest," an obvious reference to Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest, the Confederate cavalry wizard who founded the Ku Klux Klan after the war and later disbanded it.
"You'd be surprised how many black folks think Nathan Bedford Forrest is a positive symbol" for his defense of the Southern homeland and his later rejection of the Klan, Mr. Baxley says.
The NAACP, however, said such talk masks the agenda of the new party. "This group, and some others as well, have gone to great lengths to reinvent their image, even to the point of forging pseudo-relationships with progressive groups, trying to legitimize what they do, while underneath all their efforts are the same white supremacist agenda," says Dwight James, executive director of the South Carolina conference of tfre NAACP.
The only black person attending the Southern Party convention says Mr. James' remarks are typical of those he has heard when he talks about his ancestors' role in the Confederate cause.
"Backs have been turned, I have been labeled a race traitor, told I was trying to turn white," says Robert Harrison, a reference librarian from Summerville, S.C., who gave a rousing pro-Confederate speech at the conven-tion. "But that's OK. That's understandable," given the pro-Northem spin of the politicians, media, and history texts.
The convention was sparsely attended, not even approaching 100 in a room that was set up for 300. Not all of the states sent formal delegations and there was even some momentary confusion as organizers looked for a flag from Delaware — briefly mistaken for the flag of Canada's separatist-minded province of Quebec.
But the organizers were undaunted, noting that this is merely the first formal convention of a brand new party, established only last summer at a meeting in Asheville, N.C.
"We're today at the most neophyte stage," says Thomas Brown, state chairman for Maryland, surveying the tiny but vocal crowd. "For every person here, back home there are 200 or 300 people that feel the same way."
The proceedings were overshadowed by events a two-hour drive away at Columbia, the state capital By coincidence, South Carolina formally lowered the Confederate battle flag from the Statehouse dome where it has flown for 40 years. The flag came down after a bruising fight, with white traditionalists arguing the flag is a symbol of pride and heritage and black leaders arguing it's a symbol of racism.
At noon, the appointed hour at which the flag was to be removed from the dome, conventioneers in North Charleston stopped for a moment of silence.
In an emotional speech, Mr. Holland chided 'Northerners and Washington bureaucrats" who fear the flag "because it is a symbol of resistance to big government, empire and federal power. They fear our flag, they fear our movement, they fear the hopes and dreams of our founding fathers and our Confederate ancestors___Make no mistake about it, we are small in number, but they fear us today."
Page 25
The Race War of
by Paul Sheehan from the Sydney Morning Herald.
The longest war America has ever fought is the Dirty War, and it is not over. It has lasted 30 years so far and claimed more than 25 million victims.
It has cost almost as many lives as the Vietnam War. It determined the result of last year’s congressional election.
Yet the American news media do not want to talk about the Dirty War, which remains between the lines and unreported.
In fact, to even suggest that the war exists is to be discredited.
So let’s
start suggesting, immediately.
No matter how the crime figures are massaged by those who want to acknowledge or dispute the existence of a Dirty War, there is nothing ambiguous about
what the official statistics portray: for the past 30 years a large segment of black America has waged a war of violent retribution against white America. And the problem is getting worse, not better. In the past 20 years, violent crime has increased more than four times faster than the population. Young blacks (under 18) are more violent than previous generations and are 12 times more likely to be arrested for murder than young whites.
Nearly all the
following figures, which speak for themselves, have not been reported in America:
Black Against White
*	According to the latest US Department of Justice survey of crime victims, more than 6.6 million violent crimes (murder, rape, assault and robbery) are committed in the US each year, of which about 20 per cent, or 1.3 million, are inter-racial crimes.
*	Most victims of race crime -about 90 per cent - are white, according to the survey "Highlights from 20 Years of Surveying Crime Victims", published in 1993.
*	Almost 1 million white Americans were murdered, robbed, assaulted or raped by black Americans in 1992, compared with about 132,000 blacks who were murdered, robbed, assaulted or raped by whites, according to the same survey.
Blacks thus committed 7.5 times more violent inter-racial crimes than whites even though the black population is only one-seventh the size of the white population.
When these figures are adjusted on a per capita basis, they reveal an extraordinary disparity: blacks are committing more than 50 times the number of violent racial crimes of whites.
*	According to the latest annual report on murder by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, most inter-racial murders involve black assailants and white victims, with blacks murdering whites at 18 times the rate that whites murder blacks.
These breathtaking disparities began to emerge in the mid-1960’s, when there was a sharp increase in black crime against whites, an upsurge which, not coincidentally, corresponds exactly with the beginning of the modern civil rights movement. Over time, the cumulative effect has been staggering. Justice Department and FBI statistics indicate that between 1964 and 1994 more than 25 million violent inter-racial crimes were committed, overwhelmingly involving black offenders and white victims, and more than 45,000 people were killed in inter-racial minders. By comparisons 58,000 Americans died in Vietnam, and 34,000 were killed in the Korean war. When non-violent crimes (burglary, larceny, car theft and personal theft) are included, the cumulative totals become prodigious. The Bureau of Justice Statistics says 27 million non-violent crimes were committed in the US in 1992, and the survey found that 31 per cent of the robberies involved black offenders and white victims (while only 2 per cent in the reverse).
When all the crime figures are calculated, it appears that black Americans have committed at least 170 million crimes against white Americans in the past 30 years. It is the great defining disaster of American life and American ideals since World War II. All these are facts, yet by simply writing this story, by assembling the facts in this way, I would be deemed a racist by the American news media. It prefers to maintain a paternalistic double-standard in its coverage of black America, a lower standard.