Volume 2 - Issue 5
IlCMM&EaKO?*
lliHlli
Since the last issue, we have added 6 more NAAWP Chapters,^ The hard work and dedication of our members has increased the visibility of the Organization. The growth of the NAAWP has been phenomenal over the last year! Each month’s growth exceeds the previous month. We have as member’s business owners, supervisors, engineers, professors, housewives, doctors (all different types), construction workers, business professionals, teachers (elementary, middle and high school), librarians, service men (Army, Navy, Air Force & Marines). From every segment of society and from every socio-economic level do our members come from! We have as members, University students who are now in the process of establishing NAAWP, National Chapters on their campuses. Each and every one of our members is responsible for this outstanding growth of the NAAWP, National.
When I became NAAWP, National President in January 1998, I knew that if we were to survive as an organization, we would have to have dedication, patience and foresight. Over the last 15 months, I have had to expel members and Chapters from the NAAWP, National in order for us to move ahead. The original Chapter in Mississippi was expelled, and now our Mississippi Chapter, led by Mr. Heaston, is one of our best and fastest growing Chapters. I was forced to expel extremist Chapters in Arkansas and Florida as well. The result? Now Florida is one of our fastest growing states! And membership in Arkansas is increasing. We have had to take a tough stand on individuals and issues. Because of this, we are open to being attacked from individuals who wish to destroy NAAWP, National. Our Chapter Leaders become targets for ridicule and discrimination because of their beliefs. Not from other races, but from other whites that consider themselves to be patriots, yet are nothing more than false patriots.
(Continued on page 2) Reno
Copyright 1999 by NAAWP National, Inc.
When the Nation is Duped
by Thomas Jefferson
"The spirit of 1776 is not dead. It has only been slumbering. The body of the American people is substantially republican. But their virtuous feelings have been played on by some fact with more fiction; they have been the dupes of artful maneuvers, and made for a moment to be willing instruments in forging chains for themselves. But times and truth dissipated the delusion, and opened their eyes."
"The unquestionable republicanism of the American mind will break through the mist under which it has been clouded, and will oblige its agents to reform the principles and practices of their administration."
NOTICE
National NAAWP Headquarters has moved from New Orleans to Callahan, FI. All correspondence and inquiries should be sent to Reno Wolfe at P.O.Box 1727 Callahan, Florida 32011. All Memberships and renewals, change of address, etc. please send to: Ray Thomas, Vice-President & National Director, NAAWP National, Inc., P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, Florida 33681.
l
Black Bikers Converge on Myrtle Beach, SC
Dear sir.
I am writing you in regards to a seriously atrocious issue facing the citizens of South Carolina.
In May around Memorial Day in the city of Myrtle Beach we have every year a festival called The Atlantic Beach Memorial Day Bike Festival, Also dubbed Black Biker Week.
In past years we have come close to having riots as the crowd becomes uncontrollable. We are faced with seeing these Blacks having sex in the street. Selling drugs in front of small children, General disregard of Authority, and also open Prostitution. They follow no Traffic laws in turn endangering everyone on the streets. They also routinely and openly intimidate the White Citizens of our Community.
The numbers of Blacks converging on our town has been increasing every year, This year there are over 100,000 Blacks expected to attend, more then four times the amount of Permanent Residents of Myrtle Beach.
A proposal was issued to SC. Gov. Jim Hodges to bring in the badly needed National Guard to control the crowd. In turn Hodges rejected that proposal so as he would not be viewed as Racist or Politically Incorrect. The Mayor of Myrtle Beach Mark McBride was also issued a proposal to bring in trained Police dogs also to help control the unruly crowds, He in turn also turned that offer down again not wanting to be Politically Incorrect and bring back images of Birmingham 25 years ago.
The Gov. of SC. and the Mayor of Myrtle Beach have put the Citizens of this Community in severe danger for no other reason but to save face for themselves. I guess the reason I am writing to you is because I feel the need for this story to get out. The decent tourists coining to Myrtle Beach need to know to avoid the area during this time. I beg of you to please send this story out on your newsletter, post it on your website and anything else possible.
In closing I would like to say that I fully support your Organization and my donation is on its way. Please feel free to contact me for more info I would be delighted to help you out with further information. Sent to us by : K.R.
(Continuedfrom page 1) Reno
To the Johnny’s, Gene’s, Todds, Peggy’s ,Richards, Jeff’s , Roberts, Ronalds, Irene’s, Buds, and John’s in the NAAWP, National, you and every single one of our members are the true patriots, true fighters for our rights! You have made it possible to achieve what no other white rights organization has ever done before!. You are all a part of history in the making. I salute you all! Let's keep it going.
"The constitutions of most of our States assert that all power is inherent in the people; that they may exercise it by themselves in all cases to which they think themselves competent (as in electing their functionaries executive and legislative, and deciding by a jury of themselves in all judiciary cases in which any fact is involved), or they may act by representatives, freely and equally chosen; that it is their right and duty to be at all times armed; that they are entitled to freedom of person, freedom of religion, freedom of property, and freedom of the press." — Thomas Jefferson to John Cartwright, 1824.
NAAWP cannot accept credit cards for membership dues or merchandise.
We regret this inconvenience.
Money Orders and Checks Only, Please.
2
WHAT IS RACISM?
by Thomas Jackson (Originally Published in American Renaissance, Vol 2, No. 8}
There is surely no nation in the world that holds "racism" in greater horror than does the United States. Compared to other kinds of offenses, it is thought to be somehow more reprehensible. The press and public have become so used to tales of murder, rape, robbery, and arson, that any but the most spectacular crimes are shrugged off as part of the inevitable texture of American life. "Racism" is never shrugged off. For example, when a white Georgetown Law School student reported earlier this year that black students are not as qualified
as white students, it set off a booming, national controversy about "racism." If
the student had merely murdered someone he would have attracted far less	k
attention and criticism. Racism is, indeed, the national obsession. Universities	J"
are on full alert for it, newspapers and politicians denounce it, churches preach against it, America is said to be racked with it, but just what *is* racism?
Dictionaries are not much help in understanding what is meant by the word. They usually define it as the belief that one's own ethnic stock is superior to others, or as the belief that culture and behavior are rooted in race. When Americans speak of racism they mean a great deal more than this. Nevertheless, the dictionary definition of racism is a clue to understanding what Americans *do* mean. A peculiarly American meaning derives from the current dogma that all ethnic stocks are equal. Despite clear evidence to the contrary, all races have been declared to be equally talented and hard- working, and anyone who questions the dogma is thought to be not merely wrong but evil.
The dogma has logical consequences that are profoundly important. If blacks, for example, are equal to whites in every way, what accounts for their poverty, criminality, and dissipation? Since any theory of racial differences has been outlawed, the only possible explanation for black failure is white racism. And since blacks are markedly poor, crime-prone, and dissipated, America must be racked with pervasive racism. Nothing else could be keeping them in such an abject state. All public discourse on race today is locked into this rigid logic. Any explanation for black failure that does not depend on white wickedness threatens to veer off into the forbidden territory of racial differences. Thus, even if today's whites can find in their hearts no desire to oppress blacks, yesterday's whites must have oppressed them. If whites do not consciously oppress blacks, they must oppress them UNconsciously. If no obviously racist individuals can be identified, then *institutions* must be racist. Or, since blacks are failing so terribly in America, there simply must be millions of white people we do not know about, who are working day and night to keep blacks in misery. The dogma of racial equality leaves no room for an explanation of black failure that is not, in some fashion, an indictment of white people.
The logical consequences of this are clear. Since we are required to believe that the only explanation for non-white failure is white racism, every time a non-white is poor, commits a crime, goes on welfare, or takes drugs, white society stands accused of yet another act of racism. All failure or misbehavior by non-whites is standing proof that white society is riddled with hatred and bigotry. For precisely so long as non-whites fail to succeed in life at exactly the same level as whites, whites will be, by definition, thwarting and oppressing them. This obligatory pattern of thinking leads to strange conclusions. First of all, racism is a sin that is thought to be committed almost exclusively by white people. Indeed, a black congressman from Chicago, Gus Savage, and Coleman Young, the black mayor of Detroit, have argued that only white people *can* be racist. Likewise, in 1987, the affirmative action officer of the State Insurance Fund of New York issued a company pamphlet in which she explained that *all* whites are racist and that *only* whites can be racist. How else could the plight of blacks be explained without flirting with the possibility of racial inequality? Although some blacks and liberal whites concede that non-whites can, perhaps, be racist, they invariably add that non-whites have been forced into it as self-defense because of centuries of white oppression. What appears to be non-white racism is so understandable and forgivable that it hardly deserves the name. Thus, whether or not an act is called racism depends on the race of the racist. What would surely be called racism when done by whites is thought to be normal when done by anyone else. The reverse is also true.
Examples of this sort of double standard are so common, it is almost tedious to list them: When a white man kills a black man and uses the word "nigger" while doing so, there is an enormous media uproar and the nation beats its collective breast;
(Continued on page 4) racism
(Continued from page 3) racism
when members of the black Yahweh cult carry out ritual murders of random whites, the media are silent (see AR of March, 1991). College campuses forbid pejorative statements about non-whites as "racist," but ignore scurrilous attacks on whites.
At election time, if 60 percent of the white voters vote for a white candidate, and 95 percent of the black voters vote for the black opponent, it is white who are accused of racial bias. There are 107 "historically black" colleges, whose fundamental blackness
must be preserved in the name of diversity, but all historically white colleges must be forcibly integrated in the name of... the same thing. To resist would be racist.
"Black pride" is said to be a wonderful and worthy thing, but anything that could be construed as an expression of white pride is a form of hatred. It is perfectly natural for third-world immigrants to expect school instruction and driver's tests in their own languages, whereas for native Americans to ask them to learn English is racist.
Blatant anti-white prejudice, in the form of affirmative action, is now the law of the land. Anything remotely like affirmative action, if practiced in favor of whites, would be attacked as despicable favoritism.
All across the country, black, Hispanic, and Asian clubs and caucuses are thought to be fine expressions of ethnic solidarity, but any club or association expressly for whites is by definition racist. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) campaigns openly for black advantage but is a respected "civil rights" organization. The National Association for the Advancement of White People (NAAWP) campaigns merely for equal treatment of all races, but is said to be viciously racist.
Why can’t I have have the same rights as blacks and not be called a racist ?
At a few college campuses, students opposed to affirmative action have set up student unions for whites, analogous to those for blacks, Hispanics, etc, and have been roundly condemned as racists. Recently, when the white students at Lowell High School in San Francisco found themselves to be a minority, they asked for a racially exclusive club like the ones that non- whites have. They were turned down in horror. Indeed, in America today, any club not specifically formed to be a white enclave but whose members simply happen all to be white is branded as racist.
Today, one of the favorite slogans that define the asymmetric quality of American racism is "celebration of diversity." It has begun to dawn on a few people that "diversity" is always achieved at the expense of whites (and sometimes men), and never the other way around. No one proposes that Howard University be made more diverse by admitting whites, Hispanics, or Asians. No one ever suggests that National Hispanic University in San Jose (CA) would benefit from the diversity of having non-Hispanics on campus. No one suggests that the Black Congressional Caucus or the executive ranks of the NAACP or the Mexican-American Legal Defense and Educational Fund suffer from a lack of diversity. Somehow, it is perfectly legitimate for them to celebrate * homogeneity*. And yet any all-white group - a company, a town, a school, a club, a neighborhood - is thought to suffer from a crippling lack of diversity that must be remedied as quickly as possible. Only when whites have been reduced to a minority has "diversity" been achieved.
Let us put it bluntly: To "celebrate" or "embrace" diversity, as we are so often asked to do, is no different from *deploring an excess of whites.* In fact, the entire nation is thought to suffer from an excess of whites. Our current immigration policies are structured so that approximately 90 percent of our annual 800,000 legal immigrants are non-white. The several million illegal immigrants that enter the country every year are virtually all non-white. It would be racist not to be grateful for this laudable contribution to "diversity." It is, of course, only white nations that are called upon to practice this kind of "diversity." It is almost criminal to imagine a nation of any other race countenancing blatant dispossession of this kind.
What if the United States were pouring its poorest, least educated citizens across the border into Mexico? Could anyone be fooled into thinking that Mexico was being "culturally enriched?" What if the state of Chihuahua were losing its majority population to poor whites who demanded that schools be taught in English, who insisted on celebrating the Fourth of July, who demanded the right to vote even if they weren't citizens, who clamored for "affirmative action" in jobs and schooling?
(Continued on page 5) racism
(Continued from page 4) racism
Would Mexico - or any other non-white nation - tolerate this kind of cultural and demographic depredation? Of course not. Yet white Americans are supposed to look upon the flood of Hispanics and Asians entering their country as a priceless cultural gift. They are supposed to "celebrate" their own loss of influence, their own dwindling numbers, their own dispossession, for to do otherwise would be hopelessly racist.
There is another curious asymmetry about American racism. When non- whites advance their own racial purposes, no one ever accuses them of "hating" another group. Blacks can join "civil rights" groups and Hispanics can be activists without fear of being branded as bigots and hate mongers. They can agitate openly for racial preferences that can come only at the expense of whites. They can demand preferential treatment of all kinds without anyone ever suggesting that they are "anti-white."
Whites, on the other hand, need only express their opposition to affirmative action to be called haters. They need only subject racial policies that are clearly prejudicial to themselves to be called racists. Should they actually go so far as to say that they prefer the company of their own kind, that they wish to be left alone to enjoy the fruits of their European heritage, they are irredeemably wicked and hateful.
Here, then is the final, baffling inconsistency about American race relations. All non-whites are allowed to prefer the company of their own kind, to think of themselves as groups with interests distinct from those of the whole, and to work openly for group advantage. None of this is thought to be racist. At the same time, *whites* must *also* champion the racial interests of non-whites. They must sacrifice their own future on the altar of "diversity" and cooperate in their own dispossession. They are to encourage, even to subsidize, the displacement of a European people and culture by alien peoples and cultures. To put it in the simplest possible terms, white people are cheerfully to slaughter their own society, to commit racial and cultural suicide. To refuse to do so would be racism.
Of course, the entire non-white enterprise in the United States is perfectly natural and healthy. Nothing could be more natural than to love one's people and to hope that it should flourish. Filipinos and El Salvadorans are doubtless astonished to discover that simply by setting foot in the United States they are entitled to affirmative action preferences over native-born whites, but can they be blamed for accepting them? Is it surprising that they should want their languages, their cultures, their brothers and sisters to take possession and put their mark indelibly on the land? If the once-great people of a once-great nation is bent upon self-destruction and is prepared to hand over land and power to whomever shows up and asks for it, why should Mexicans and Cambodians complain?
No, it is the white enterprise in the United States that is unnatural, unhealthy, and without historical precedent. Whites have let themselves be convinced that it is racist merely to object to dispossession, much less to work for their own interests. Never in the history of the world has a dominant people thrown open the gates to strangers, and poured out its wealth to aliens. Never before has a people been fooled into thinking that there was virtue or nobility in surrendering its heritage, and giving away to others its place in history. Of all the races in America, only whites have been tricked into thinking that a preference for one's own kind is racism. Only whites are ever told that a love for their own people is somehow "hatred" of others. All healthy people prefer the company of their own kind, and it has nothing to do with hatred. All men love their families more than their neighbors, but this does not mean that they hate their neighbors. Whites who love their racial family need bear no ill will towards non-whites. They only wish to be left alone to participate in the unfolding of their racial and cultural destinies.
What whites in America are being asked to do is therefore utterly unnatural. They are being asked to devote themselves to the interests of other races and to ignore the interests of their own. This is like asking a man to forsake his own children and love the children of his neighbors, since to do otherwise would be "racist."
What then, is "racism?" It is considerably more than any dictionary is likely to say. It is any opposition by whites to official policies of racial preference for non-whites. It is any preference by whites for their own people and culture. It is any resistance by whites to the idea of becoming a minority people. It is any unwillingness to be pushed aside. It is, in short, any of the normal aspirations of people-hood that have defined nations since the beginning of history - but only so long as the aspirations are those of whites.
Clinton’s illegal appointment
Dec. 15,1998 was the sad anniversary of Bill Clinton's illegal appointment of Bill Lann Lee to the position of "acting" head of the Dept, of Justice Office of Civil Rights. During his first year on the job, Mr. Lee has vigorously continued to dismantle over 10 years of judicial roll-backs of racial quota and preference programs.
Senate Confirmation Hearings 1997: The Senate Judiciary Committee was very aware of Mr. Lee's resume — During Lee's tenure as the western regional director of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund he repeatedly ignored the Supreme Court’s ruling in "City of Richmond v. J.A. Croson Co." (Supreme Court 1989), in which decision a large majority of the high court unequivocally ruled that all racial preference programs created by state or local governments, no matter whom they are intended to benefit, are unconstitutional and must be struck down.(l) Lee continues to ignore the tenets of the Croson decision to this day!
The Senate Committee asked Mr. Lee for his interpretation about another landmark Supreme Court ruling in "Adarand Constructors, Inc. v. Pefia" (Supreme Court 1995). Lee told the Senate Committee that in his opinion, the Adarand decision really meant that racial preference programs "can be appropriate if they are conducted in a limited and measured manner." In fact, however, the actual Supreme court ruling in Adarand held that all federal race-based preference programs are unconstitutional. (1)
During the 1997 Senate confirmation hearings, Lee was asked which, if any, of the approximately 160 federal racial quota and preference programs he would seek to discontinue. His answer: none of them! In fact, virtually none of the 160 federal race-based preference programs pass the Supreme Court's "strict scrutiny test" which was clearly established in both the Croson and Adarand decisions.
Small wonder the Senate Judiciary Committee refused to approve Lee’s nomination! Even smaller wonder that Bill Clinton would (and did) do just about anything necessary to get Bill Lann Lee appointed as the nation's number one enforcer of racial quotas.
Footnote (Supreme Court, strict scrutiny): (1) In both the Croson and the Adarand decisions, the Supreme Court established a "strict scrutiny test" which requires that any government program that makes racial distinctions must be "narrowly tailored"—using the means that are the least intrusive necessary—to achieve a "compelling" governmental interest.
In the application of the "strict scrutiny test", the Supreme Court has almost never found the government’s interest "compelling" enough nor the government's racial programs "narrowly tailored" enough to meet the requirements of this test. Since the 1940s, not one legislatively or administratively created racial preference program (as opposed to a judicially created remedy) has been upheld by the Supreme Court. The only racially discriminatoiy action ever upheld under the the high court's strict scrutiny test has been the Court’s shameful acceptance of the internment of Japanese Americans during World War U.
Other Low Lights of Lee's First Year: Paid subscribers to the Wall Street Journal may view an excellent article by Roger Clegg, general counsel for the Center for Equal Opportunity, regarding Lee's ravaging of the Constitution during his first year on the job. The link to the Wall Street Journal is: http://interactive.wsj.com/
Here is a summary of the Wall Street Journal article by Mr. Clegg. Dated December 14, 1998, under "Rule of Law", the article is titled "Lee Loves Quotas, Just As the Senate Feared" by Roger Clegg. (Prior to joining CEO, Mr. Clegg had served as a deputy in the DOJ Civil Rights Division, 1987-91.)
"One year ago tomorrow, President Clinton made Bill Lann Lee "acting" head of the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division when Mr. Lee's nomination failed to clear the Senate Judiciary Committee. Mr. Lee failed to make it through Judiciary because of concerns that he favors the use of classifications based on race, ethnicity and sex. Set out below is a chronology of some actions taken by Mr. Lee (or by the division without him if he was disqualified from a case) during his 365 days in office."
Clegg's Wall Street Journal article documents 23 instances in which Bill Lann Lee and his Justice Department attempted to influence judicial decisions regarding the unconstitutionality of racial quotas and preferences. According to Clegg's article, in February of 1998 alone Lee attempted to re-write case law in the following instances:
(Continued on page 7) Illegal appointment
(Continued from page 6) illegal appointment
Feb. 1998: Pressures the police and fire depts. of Garland, TX to manipulate their employment test so that racial groups who were previously unqualified would become qualified.
Feb. 1998: Once again defies the historic Supreme Court decision in Adarand; Lee told the court that Colorado's racial preferences in contracting should be upheld in spite of Adarand.
Feb. 1998: Testifies to Congress that DOJ was correct in trying to overturn the popular Proposition 209 in California which seeks to end racial quotas and preferences in state contracting and employment. (Apparently Lee doesn't think "majority votes" by the citizens count for much!)
Discrimination by Stealth!!! No Press Coverage! The U.S. Department of Justice has very severely down-played Lee's role in enforcing racial quotas during 1998.
Sovereignty Unaffected
by Change in Government
"I consider the people who constitute a society or nation as the source of all authority in that nation; as free to transact their common concerns by any agents they think proper; to change these agents individually, or the organization of them in form or function whenever they please; that all the acts done by these agents under the authority of the nation are the acts of the nation, are obligatory on them and enure to their use, and can in no wise be annulled of affected by any change in the form of the government or of the persons administering it. **
—Thomas Jefferson:	Opinion
French Treaties, 1793.
on
REVERSE DISCRIMINATION - big time !
This week supporters of reverse-discrimination* "bought-off' the NJ school teacher who had been fired because she was white rather than allow the case to proceed to the Supreme Court!
Remember the case of Sharon Taxman, the Piscataway, NJ school teacher who was fired for being white? The school board repeatedly, almost proudly, stated that their decision was based solely on race. You may also remember that Bill Clinton publicly stated that he thought the school board was correct in their racism!
The Supreme Court of the United States had agreed to hear the Taxman case. But wait! Given the high court’s recent rulings, there was a distinct possibility that the Supremes would rule in favor of Taxman, thus making it much more difficult for employers and government agencies to practice reverse discrimination*!
Never fear! A coalition of supporters of reverse discrimination*, led by the NAACP and the Black Leadership Forum, leaped into action! They hit up their fellow "preferential treatment racists" and collected about $300,000.
What do you suppose the NAACP and their friends did with the $300,000? Did they use it to hire lawyers? Nope! Did they use it for legal research and the preparation of legal arguments and briefs against Taxman? Nope! They were much smarter than that! The reverse discrimination* coalition applied the $300,000 where it would do the most good in the shortest amount of time possible. They used the money to bribe Taxman into dropping her case!
Unfortunately, it worked. After having years of her life (not to mention her career) ruined both because of reverse discrimination*, and because of her efforts to fight this form of racism, Ms. Taxman accepted the money and dropped the case.
Who can blame her? Like others before her, Taxman experienced the full force of the economic intimidation and political terrorism that invariably is leveled against those of us who fight against reverse discrimination*. Even the President of the United States publicly joined the campaign against Taxman! Faced with all that, who couldn’t use the $300,000? When the President and the NAACP publicly vow to deny you the most basic protections of the Constitution, you are dead meat!
According to news reports, this $300,000 "racial preferences defense fund" began taking shape over a year ago! The NAACP, the Black Leadership Forum, and Clinton were terrified at the prospect of this clear-cut case of illegal reverse discrimination* being heard by the Supreme Court So 12 months ago they began quietly collecting their bribe money from allied organizations. It would be much better to buy-off Ms. Taxman than to allow justice to prevail.
Hugh Price, president of the National Urban League, was quoted by the Washington Post as saying "This was a case that involved just one job, two people, with the outcome decided solely on race." (Emphasis added.) According to Price’s twisted logic, the Supreme Court should not be allowed to hear a case involving the violation of just one lonely citizen's civil rights! Gee, Mr. Price, we guess we’ve been misunderstanding the Constitution all these years!
7
WASHINGTON
S' Bud White P.O.Box 46642 Seattle, WA 98146-0642
MISSISSIPPI
Johnny Heaston / 8331 Industrial Drive Olive Branch, MS 38654
NEW YORK
Bob Edwards {/ rharkerl@rochester.rr.com
Rick J. Dux 3908 Harlem Rd. PMB 151 Amherst, NY 14226
Irene Gallant 242 Wycross Ave. #44 Brooklyn, NY 11237
Jonathon Schor adams9876@aol.com
HAWAII
Ron Edmiston P.O.Box 15484 Honolulu, HI 96830-5484 edmiston@gte.net
/ CONNECTICUT
y
Mark Wilson P.O.Box 181 West Haven,CT 06516 JakD@aol.com
GEORGIA
Richard Campbell P.O.Box 298 Conyers, GA 30012 ricky47@hotmail. com
Jake/ Libby Adams * P.O.Box 8454 Columbus, GA 31908-8454
/ Peggy Overcash y P.O.Box 952 Hogansville, GA 30230
KENTUCKY
NAAWP LEADERS
OHIO
John Pomeroy / P.O.Box 288 East Springfield, OH 43295-0288 johnpomeroy@hotmail.com
FLORIDA
y Ray Thomas ^ P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681 naawp@juno.com
Reno Wolfe ^ P.O.Box 1727 Callahan, FL32011 N AAWP1 @mediaone.net
.. Diane Thomas ^ P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681 naawp3@juno.com
L. Wolf cherokee@mediaone.net
E. Loose ESOOLE@juno.com
Rich Raymond ^
P.O. Box 2901 Lakeland, FL 33806
PENNSYLVANIA
Steve Smith vy	P.O.Box 5
Thomdale, PA 19372-0005 N AAWPpa@aol.com
Harry Scaggs ^ P.O.Box 584 Allison Park, PA 15101-0584
CALIFORNIA
Gene Moggia socalnaawp@yahoo.com
IDAHO
Richard Masker \J P.O. Box 5232 Coeur d’Alene, ID 83814
ALABAMA
Clay Mosby P.O. Box 313 Danville, AL 35619
ILLINOIS
Tom Anderson naawp_il@yahoo.com
Join
The NAAWP National Become a Leader in your area. SUPPORT WHITE RIGHTS
"[The people] are in truth the only legitimate proprietors of the soil and government." --Thomas Jefferson to Pierre Samuel Dupont de Nemours, 1813.
President and Hillary Clinton were attending a World Series game. One of his advisers wispered into the President's ear. The President looked a little bewildered, but then picked up Hillary and threw her unto the field.
Tim Maxey tmax32@se-tel.com
SRoger Pique’ P.O. Box 7219 Fulton, KY 42041
TENNESSEE
Mike Eaton Jr.
53 Hudson Rd. Humboldt, TN 38343-5830
The advisor tried to hold back his laughter as he exclaimed, "I said, throw out the first pitch!"
8
EEOC Attorney Wins
Reverse Discrimination Case Against the EEOC!
Joseph Ray Terry works for the EEOC and, according to the EEOC itself, he is an eminently well-qualified civil rights attorney who has spent his entire legal career fighting for the rights of minorities. Yet his own bosses at the EEOC have been found guilty of discriminating against Mr. Terry because he is white! Terry had been refused promotion within EEOC for over 10 years and finally had to sue his own employer to gain his promotion.
This case is one of the rare ones where the EEOC has been forced to acknowledge their pattern of discriminating against non-minority males!
EEOC is careful not to widely distribute its internal statistics regarding the number of minorities vs. the number of non-minorities hired and promoted within the agency. But the facts of EEOC's pattern of "reverse discrimination" were clearly revealed during Mr. Terry’s law suit.
According to the EEOC’s own 1995 annual report, almost 50% of white-collar jobs within the EEOC are held by blacks, even though blacks comprise less than 10% of the civilian work force! Additionally, the percentage of Hispanics employed at the EEOC is 200% of the percentage of Hispanics in the civilian work force. These data are wildly out of line with even the most liberal interpretation of "EEO" which presumes that workers within an agency or employer organization should be "roughly" represented in proportion to their numbers in the general population.
In 1996 Memphis U.S. District Judge Jon McCalla ruled that the EEOC had grossly violated the laws it is supposed to defend when it repeatedly refused to promote Joseph Ray Terry to a job for which he was very well qualified. Mr. Terry is white. From 1984 to 1996 Mr. Terry had been passed over for promotion 10 times by less qualified individuals because they were minorities and Terry was not.
By 1987 Mr. Joseph Ray Terry had already been turned down several times for promotion within EEOC in spite of his sterling credentials and "best" performance reviews. In 1987 there were 21 district directors at EEOC, 19 of which were minorities, and only 2 of which were white males!
Joseph Ray Terry had spent his entire professional career fighting for civil rights and protection of the "historically disadvantaged" in our society! He has credentials, education, experience, and high-level, government-sponsored training. Yet the minority candidates who were promoted over Mr. Terry were not nearly as well qualified: one minority individual promoted over Terry did not even have a high school diploma. The Court and Judge McCalla also determined that many of the minority candidates promoted over Mr. Terry lacked any or all of: the high-level government training Mr. Terry had; the experience in Civil Rights earned by Mr. Terry; the education and technical skills possessed by Mr. Terry; and/or the glowing "superior" performance reviews Mr. Terry always received from his EEOC bosses! The Judge and the Court examined many dozens of EEOC records and countless pages of witness testimony in arriving at their decision in favor of Joseph Ray Terry’s claim of "reverse" discrimination!
In 1996, the Judge ordered EEOC to pay Mr. Terry $150,000 in damages, and over $8,000 for stress. The amount of back-pay awarded to Joseph Ray Terry is not available for publication at this time. Finally, the Judge ordered the EEOC to promote Mr. Terry to the position of deputy general counsel for which he had been applying.
Footnote: Did you know: As of 1996, the number of whites filing "reverse" discrimination claims against their federal employers comprises about 1/5 (almost 20%) of the EEOC’s case load! One of every five cases of discrimination filed against the federal government are filed by non-minorities!
But Reverse Discrimination continues.................................Whites must fight
11
SORRY BEN, WE LOST IT
By Phil Brennan
"What have you given us, Mr. Franklin?" a woman asked Benjamin Franklin as he emerged from the Constitutional convention. "A republic, madam, if you can keep it," Franklin said. Sorry Ben. We tried, and for a long time we succeeded. But we’ve lost it. That glorious Republic you and your colleagues gave us is gone. That incredible work of genius you people devised to protect Americans from government tyranny, the Constitution of the United States, is in tatters, torn to pieces by venal and cowardly politicians, power-hungry office holders, malefactors of great wealth and ideologues of the left all of whose contempt for the people is exceeded only by their lust to control the world.
It didn't happen overnight, Ben. For much of this century the enemies of liberty have been slowly razing the structure of the Constitution, dismantling it piece by piece, until all that is left is its facade before which its enemies pretend to genuflect while plotting new ways to demolish every last vestige of it. Having both the immediate experience of the tyranny of a remote government and the kind of grasp on the
lessons of history nowadays scorned by our academics and intellectuals, you and Tom Jefferson, A1 Hamilton and Jim Madison understood that the only real threat to human liberty is government. And understanding that fact led you to devise a constitution that limited the powers of the federal government and a Bill of Rights which put an iron-bound cordon of protection against tyranny around the individual. One of your more brilliant conceptions - the separation of powers created by three co-equal branches of government each granted specific powers and each restrained by the other two branches, was designed to prevent the emergence of an autocracy with one branch usurping the powers of the other two and becoming an absolute dictatorship. Ben, I guess you thought that this document would be enough to keep government - that entity George Washington recognized simply as "force" — in line. You made the mistake of believing that the people elected to office would be of similar character to your contemporaries - honorable men with the strongest of moral sensibilities - and that such men would never tinker with the Constitution or attempt to manipulate it to serve their own ends.
Moreover, you erroneously believed that the American people would continue to be the same hearty stock that took on the mightiest nation on the face of the earth - the only superpower of its day - and despite overwhelming odds and a series of disastrous defeats -- won. You thought future generations of Americans would continue to exhibit the same kind of common sense that allowed your generation to recognize political mountebanks and would-be dictators and scorn their ambitions. You thought they would demand that their leaders toe the moral line and be of good moral and ethical character. You never dreamed that the likes of William Jefferson Blythe a/k/a Clinton - a man who avoided serving his country in a war that killed tens of thousands of his generation — would win the highest office in the land, commit unspeakable offenses against all that is good and holy, and win overwhelming approval rom the public for his official conduct of office.
You wouldn't have believed it because the idea is, on the face of it, patently absurd. People cannot be that stupid, or morally depraved, or so caught up in the pursuit of affluence and pleasure that they would ignore the fact that their president is a liar, a serial philanderer, a rapist, and a man willing to sell his nation's security to a potential enemy government in return for huge financial contributions to his political campaigns.
Well, old fellow, in this instance you were wrong. He sold us out without the least bit of hesitation. And the missiles he made possible are now pointed at America's cities. You were also wrong in believing that the Congress would always insist on maintaining their status as a co-equal branch of government and fight for their independence from the executive branch. Ben, I know you would never have dreamed that Congress would abandon their Constitutional duty to be the only branch of government to declare war and send American boys into harm's way. Or that Senators would betray their sworn oath to be impartial jurors in an impeachment trial and fail to conduct the kind of trial demanded by the Consitution. And Ben, in your worst nightmares could you ever have imagined that the Congress would sit idly by while the United States slowly surrendered our national sovereignty to international organizations whose ultimate aim is to strip all nations of their independence and rule the world ... a goal supported and advanced by powerful men and women in and out of our own government? Could you have conceived of an America where Washington's warnings against getting involved in entangling foreign alliances would be so callously disregarded? Ben, I know its it's hard for you to believe, but as I write this, American armed forces are being used to bomb a sovereign nation into an attempt to force that nation to cede part of its own territory to the authority of a cabal of nations in defiance of that cabal's own charter. Ben, we are not only killing innocent civilians every day, but by our rash decision to resort
12
(Continued on page 14) Ben
Illinois State Police Guilty of Reverse Discrimination!
Judge orders State to Offer Remedies to Troopers!
(April 7, 1998) The Illinois State Police have been caught practicing reverse discrimination under the guise of affirmative action!
In Koski v. Gainer (Terrance Gainer, Chief of Illinois State Police), the Seventh Federal Circuit Court found that 5,000 non-minority officers and officer-applicants were illegally denied either promotions within the State Police, or the opportunity for a job with the State Police because they were not minorities!
Today, U.S. District Judge Harry D. Leinenweber ordered the State of Illinois to implement additional, specific remedies, which include the following: 12 of the white troopers must be promoted, or receive retroactive seniority; 7 of the 12 white officers who had been denied promotions under the unconstitutional racial selection guidelines will receive back pay and punitive damages for "emotional distress"; The award of $205,000 will be split by these 7 officers; Four of the officers must be given promotions which they were illegally denied because of their race (because of their non-minority status); As many as 5,000 of the rejected officer-applicants must be contacted by the State and must be offered the opportunity to re-apply!
In Koski v. Gainer, the 7th Circuit Court determined that the State of Illinois had maintained an illegal, unconstitutional "double-standard" regarding written test scores of the applicants between 1975 and 1990: The "cutoff score" for non-minority (white) applicants was significantly higher than the "cutoff score" for minority (non-white) applicants.
Legalese: The Court ruled for the plaintiffs (the non-minorities) because the state police's affirmative action program was not sufficiently linked to any previous pattern of racial imbalance in hiring.
The Court determined that the Illinois State Police's race-based hiring plan was unconstitutional since it relied on "dual lists" (one for minorities and one for non-minorities) and the plan called for hiring 50% minorities until representation of minorities in state highway patrol matched that in the general population. The Court said that matching the general population is not a "narrowly tailored" means of eliminating past discrimination, when there is no suggestion that such racial parity would have existed but for the discrimination.
The Illinois Attorney General, Jim Ryan, is upset about the remedies the Judge has ordered. The Court has ordered the State of Illinois to perform the following steps to help remedy the reverse discrimination against the 5,000 troopers and trooper-candidates who had been subjected to Illinois’ reverse discrimination:
(1)	The State of Illinois must contact all white male trooper-applicants (1975 - 1990) who lost out under Illinois' illegal and unconstitutional racial quota plan;
(2)	The State of Illinois must offer these officers and/or officer-applicants a chance to re-apply, without having to re-take the written test (on which they previously performed well);
(3)	If the rejected applicants are no longer at their old addresses (some of which date back to 1975!) the State of Illinois must conduct a search for their new addresses so that these candidates may be offered the chance to re-apply. The Court ordered the State to use driver’s license records, among other resources, to track down the illegally-rejected applicants.
Illinois Attorney General spokesperson Dan Curry, and State Police Chief Terrance Gainer were very ticked off at the Judge’s order. They said that tracking down victims of Illinois' reverse discrimination from as long ago as 20 years will impose an "onerous" burden!
Update 8-22-98: Warning to Washington, DC! Former Illinois State Police Chief Terrance Gainer has recently joined your police department! That's right, following years of "reverse discrimination" controversy as the Illinois State Top Cop, Gainer has brought his prejudices against white cops to Washington, DC, where he now serves as "Executive Assistant Chief'.
(Continued on page 14) Illinois Police
(Continued from page 13) Illinois Police
Interestingly, Terrance Gainer's new boss in DC is Police Chief Charles Ramsey who is also recently from Illinois. New DC Chief Ramsey previously served as Chicago's Deputy Police Superintendent. Of course, it will be a little more difficult for the
DC residents should also be concerned that Gainer has a track record for use of wildly excessive force! It was under Gainer's former "leadership" that the Illinois State Police mounted the infamous armed seige against Ms. Shirley Allen in Roby, Illinois. The seige lasted from September 22 until October 30, 1997 and became known as "Roby Ridge". The Illinois troopers shot tear gas into Shirley Allen's house, shot her with bean bag bullets, blasted music throughout the night to keep her awake, subjected her to a dog attack, and cut off her utilities, all in a vain effort to get her to leave her house. Why? Because she had refused to submit to an involuntary psychiatric evaluation arranged by her "concerned" family. The fiasco became the longest police standoff in Illinois history, and held the entire force up to national ridicule.
Thus, Terrance Gainer had lots of motivation to join the Washington, DC police department! Be very afraid, Washingon!
Perhaps this is just the kind of creative leadership Washingon, DC police need to help solve the city's horrible traffic and parking problems! We know how violent those parking offenders can be. Go get 'em, Terrance!
NOTE: Two days after Adversity.Net published this update, DC police chief Charles Ramsey (fugitive from Illinois law enforcement's ranks) announced a "kinder, gentler" parking enforcement squad! Henceforth in DC, parking enforcement personnel are now under orders to be polite and to offer directions and assistance to citizens. Turning over a new leaf, Chief Ramsey?
"When visiting the ancient city of "St. Augustine, FI., be sure to stop by the
"JUNGLE	WR CAFE"
located at 51 Charlotte St. It is just off
14
(Continued from page 12) Ben
to a war of terror from the air, we provoked a terrible holocaust and a heart- rending exodus of hundreds of thousands of refugees uprooted from hearth and home. And Ben, I hesitate to tell you that this madman of a president is seriously considering sending Americans into a war that could last for a generations and kill thousands of our troops - troops by the way, both ill-equipped and badly trained as a result of the vindictive policies of a coward who loathes the military in which he shamefully refused to serve. Tom Jefferson thought that a free press would protect America and the Republic from dishonest politicians, keeping them in line by exposing their lies and distortions. He thought that the media was one of the strongest protections against tyranny. Well Ben, Tom was wrong too. I'm sure he never considered how craven and dishonest the media could become - how easily they could be corrupted and manipulated into covering up the very worst offenses of the rich and powerful. I could go on. But what's the use. I'm sure that wherever you are now, you know what we've done to your Republic.
So all I can say is. Sorry Ben, it was great while it lasted, but we just couldn't keep it. Pray for us. We're going to need it.
EPITAPH ON A TYRANT
Perfection, of a kind, was what he was after And the poetry he invented was easy to understand;
He knew human folly like the back of his hand.
And was greatly interested in armies and fleets;
When he laughed, respectable senators burst with laughter,
And when he cried the little children died in the streets.
Wystan Hugh Auden
1907-1973
1997 - 1998 "Bigot of the Year" Bill Clinton
Adversity.Net is proud to bestow the "Constitution in Flames" award to Mr. Clinton for outstanding achievement in racism, sexism, and overall bigotry.
Here is a short list of Bill's undemocratic, unconstitutional, racially divisive accomplishments:
(a)	His public vow to defy the voter-citizens of California on Proposition 209, and his promise to manipulate the court system to override the democratic will of the voters of California. Even though Mr. Clinton failed in this effort, his efforts are truly noteworthy.
(b)	His public support of the firing of NJ school teacher Sharon Taxman because she was the wrong race.
(c)	Crippling his own administration by "holding out" for critical appointments who meet his own, perverted sense of "politically correct" ethnicity and gender balance, even though there are DOZENS of qualified candidates for all of the open posts who just happen to be the "wrong" race/gender.
(d)	The best, overall, ongoing effort to destroy harmonious race relations of any elected official in this decade, including especially his one-sided "non-dialogues on race" which are thinly veiled propaganda events promoting racial preferences.
(e)	His blind, bigoted, and partisan support of Bill Lann Lee as his Chief Enforcer of Racial Quotas. Also, for making good on his promise to override Congress in this regard.
(f)	For announcing, on April 27, 1998 that once again, he doesn't think the voter-citizens of California have any business deciding their own laws and policies, especially regarding bilingual education in their own state (re:Proposition 227). (According to the Washington Post, 70% of the citizens in Calif, support Prop. 227 which would provide 1 year of 'English immersion instruction' to non-English speaking students and then would 'mainstream' those students into English-speaking classes. Even a majority of Latinos in Calif, support Prop. 227 — but Bill Clinton believes only he knows whats best, not the voters!)
Send "Uncle Bill" a letter telling him exactly what you think of his racism and bigotry: "President" Bill Clinton 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W. Washington, DC E-mail: president@whitehouse.gov
NAAWP STAMP DRIVE
I wish to thank everyone who responded to our request for stamps. However, we fell far short of our goal for member participation. Ten percent of the membership can’t, nor should they, support the other ninety percent. Keep in mind that we have grown greatly in 1998, and we need to continue!
The stamps and stamp donations enabled us to send out packets of information to our Chapter Leaders. These cost $3.00 each to send out. An information packet to inquires and requests are $1.01 each. To send out the Rules and Regulations, with a cover letter, is .78 cents. As you can see, a book of stamps can go real quick! Then there is the letters sent out to those who are about to expire, then the confirmation letter back with their membership card. It all adds up to a great postage expense. This is why we need more than just 10% of the organization to contribute.
We are growing real fast as the only White Civil Rights Organization in the country. The Junior NAAWP National Website (naawp.net) is reaching out to our youth across America. The NAAWP National sites, (naawp.org and naawp.com) are “hit” hundreds of times a week. We are on the threshold of one of the greatest movements in the history of this nation, and doing it legally without violence or threats of violence.
Liberals say that it can’t be done. I know it CAN be done! Look what has happened in California with Proposition 209, and Proposition 200 in Washington state! We can do it, however, it takes more than 10% of our membership to do it. To those of you who have not sent stamps, it is only $6.40 for 1 book. Please help us answer the many who seek us for help and information.
Jury Nullification
Each person on a Jury has the power to vote NOT GUILTY in any criminal case even if it is obvious the Defendant broke the law (Penal Code). This tremendous power permits you, as a Juror, to NULLIFY or NEUTRALIZE a law which is in your opinion "BAD". You may exercise this Power despite the Evidence presented or the Judge's Instructions to you. No Judge will ever instruct you, however, that you have this Power to NULLIFY a bad law by voting NOT GUILTY. This is because legal tradition assumes that each Juror knows of this Power but should not be told of it as it is not a Right.
NAAWP VISION STATEMENT
"Achieve a credible and recognized standing within the U.S. judicial system, to represent white people as a class and others wronged by discriminatory practices and other actions, bring about a white population knowledgeable of their rights as citizens with a sense of pride in their heritage, foster a spirit of "togetherness" to enable white people to stand strong as one class of persons to protect their rights and possessions, promote an attitude of "Equal Rights for White People" with special favors for no persons or race"
NAAWP MISSION STATEMENT
“To educate and inform white citizens regarding civil matters of law which seek to compromise white citizens in favor of minority special interests. Provide for a common assembly of meeting and pooling of concerns for white people. Voice and represent the rights for white people to the various levels of government agencies within the United States primarily, but also the international community.”
RENO WOLFE
Disclaimer - Publisher reserves the right to accept or refuse any advertisements and to edit or alter or omit advertisements for any reason at any time. The Publisher reserves the right to place the words "Paid Advertisement" with advertisement copy. Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications, or services within this publication does not imply endorsement of that product, service, or publication by NAAWP. NAAWP makes no warranty of any kind with respect to the subject matter included herein, the products listed herein, or the completeness or accuracy of this publication.
Ray Thomas Diane Thomas National Director(s) P.O. Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681
(813) 274-4988 | Ray - naawp@juno.com | Diane - naawp3@juno.com
Reno Wolfe CEO/President P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
(904) 766-2253 NAAWP1 @mediaone.net
MM MM
16

In Los Angeles, you cannot bathe two babies in the same tub at the same time.
In Clawson, Mich., there is a law that makes it LEGAL for a farmer to sleep with his pigs, cows, horses, goats, and chickens.
In California, animals are banned from mating publicly within 1,500 feet of a tavern, school, or place of worship.
In Carmel, N.Y., a man can't go outside while wearing a jacket and pants that do not match.

2nd Amendment Rights
In Gary, Ind., persons are prohibited from attending a movie house or other theater and from riding a public streetcar within four hours of
eating garlic.
In St. Louis, it's illegal to sit on the	In Miami, it's illegal for men to
curb of any city street and drink beer	be seen publicly in any kind of
from a bucket.	strapless	gown.
I ain’t go’in to St. Louis...
In Detroit, couples are banned from making love in an automobile unless the act takes place while the vehicle is parked on the couple's own
property.
In Carrizozo, N.M., it's forbidden for a female to appear unshaven in public (includes legs and face).
Only Jackasses make laws like these .... power corrupts.
"Carter is not longer the worst U.S. President"
When Clinton was asked what he thought about foreign affairs, he replied, "I don't know. I never had one."
"The streets are safe in Philadelphia. It's only the people who make themunsafe."
— Frank Rizzo, ex-police chief
"I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy. But that could change." — Dan Quayle
Rabbit Hunting
The LAPD, The FBI, and the CIA are all trying to prove that they are the best at apprehending criminals. The President decides to give them a test. He releases a rabbit into a forest and has each of them try to catch it.
The CIA goes in. They place animal informants throughout the forest. They question all plant and mineral witnesses. After three months of extensive investigations they conclude that rabbits do not exist.
Then the FBI goes in. After two weeks with no leads they bum the forest, killing everything in it, including the rabbit, and they make no apologies. The rabbit had it coming.
Then the LAPD goes in. They come out two hours later with a badly beaten raccoon. The raccoon is yelling: "Okay! Okay! I'm a rabbit! I'm a rabbit!"
17 '
Dear
May 10,1999
Ray & Dianne Thomas National Directors PO Box 130962 Tampa, Florida 33681 Ph.24 Hrs. ( 813) 274-4988 E-mail - naawp@juno.com naawp3@juno.com
This is a follow up letter to confirm the receipt of your NAAWP renewal. We have received your renewal fee and you will find your new membership card enclosed. Your expiration date is stamped on the front of the card. Your NAAWP News Letter should have been delivered to you by now. If you have not received it, please let me know and I will make sure it is sent to you.
As you may have read in the renewal notice, National NAAWP is in the process of becoming an even more powerful and effective voice for White Americans. In order for us to be more responsive to our members, we would appreciate it if you would respond to the statements below that apply and return this form back to us as soon as possible.
If you have already filled out one of these information forms, please disregard.
Thank you,
Ray & Dianne Thomas NAAWP National Directors
The Local Leader in your state:	Clay	Mosby,	PO	Box	313, Danville, AL. 35619
d I do not wish to be an active member. I prefer to remain confidential.
Ul I would like to become an active member. Please send me information on how I can help.
□	I would like to know if there is a Chapter in my area and how to contact the Local Leader.
□	I have a computer and e-mail. My e-mail address is:	 .
□	I have a computer but I do not have e-mail. Please send me a FREE e-mail program to install. Note: We will send you an e-mail program called Juno Free E-Mail. The program will cost
you nothing to use. There are no long distance charges and you can send e-mail anywhere in the world. The only cost for this program is $ 5.00 to cover the cost of the disk and mailing.
Other ways to help the NAAWP
Order your NAAWP Patch today!
v ^ tp
For a $10.00 cash donation, I will send you this beautiful 2 Vi “ round full color patch. The words are in NAAWP Blue. Sew it on to your coat, shirt, hat and display your pride in the organization that is fighting for White Rights.
It takes money to run the NAAWP and this is your chance to help. Your $10.00 will go to help with mailing costs and supplies. Will you help? To get your NAAWP Patch just send,
$ 10.00 cash to:
NAAWP
“Patch”
PO Box 130962 Tampa, FL. 33681
AMERICAN TELECOM NETWORK
By filling out the enclosed brochure, you can help support NAAWP. A percentage of your long distance bill goes to NAAWP every month and it doesn’t cost you any extra.
Do I have to be a NAAWP member or subscriber to get this service?
NO. You do not have to be a member or subscriber to get better rates on long distance!
Members, Subscribers or just anyone who would like a better rate on their long distance phone bill can help further the advancement of the NAAWP. By switching to American Telecom Network, you get cheaper long distance rates and the NAAWP gets a percentage to continue our fight for White rights.
New rates just went into effect to save you money. This new rate is not shown on the brochure. Compare your rates with the rates below.
Home dial 1 +	: 9.9 cents per minute - 24 hours a day - state to state. No monthly fees -
6 second billing
Home “800"
calling card	Same	rates	as	home	dial	1	+
Note: Subscribing to American Telecom Network does not link you to NAAWP in any way.
BECOME A DONOR
Postage is one of our biggest expenses. We spend hundreds of dollars to send news letters and information packets to people all over the U.S. Office supplies and Internet Web Sites are other big expenses. You can help by sending postage stamps or a cash donation when ever you can afford to do so.
The NAAWP operates by membership dues and donations. No one in the organization draws a pay check for their hard work. All work is done by on a volunteer basis. Your donation of cash or postage stamps will go along way in the fight for White Rights.
Support the NAAWP today. Send your donations to :
NAAWP PO Box 130962 Tampa, FL. 33681