July/August 1998
upreme Court Rejects Police Officers Civil Rights Appeal
The following day, Sunday October 4th, we hope to have an open event whereby eveiy member can enjoy themselves and meet the various State Directors. Only members will be admitted to this. The October 3rd conference will not be a "rally" type of event. The only speakers will be the participants themselves. It will be a lot of very hard work for all involved, however, the result will take NAAWP, as an organization, to the next level in our quest. Reno Wolfe, CEO, National NAAWP ***
Their lawsuit was dismissed by a federal trial judge who ruled that the anti-bias law known as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 does not let white men sue over discrimination against blacks and women.
(Continued on page 2) Supreme Court Rejects
Volume 1 - Issue 100
These last few months have been exciting months for National NAAWP. Following last years scandal, and the resulting loss of some members, the trend was halted and membership is now surging from all over the country. National NAAWP also has Chapters in four countries as well!
State Directors and Local leaders have made huge strides in 1998 in addressing discrimination against whites. Many Leaders have become more involved in school districts in their area and are looking forward to this next school year.
It is because oy this growth in activism, that National NAAWP will have a National Conference in Jacksonville, FI on October 3rd/ 1998. National NAAWP has never held an event of this nature. Only State Directors and prominent Chapter Leaders will be invited to attend. Many have made their reservations, and we look forward to having their input and ideas into this Historic event. What transpires at this conference will shape the future of National NAAWP! Many items and goals are on the agenda. If any members have anything they would like to have included in this Conference, either contact your State Director or Chapter Leader, or send them to me!
Every member has an equal opportunity to be heard at the conference. Dedication by our members is what will take us into the next century! The National NAAWP Guidelines while be the end result of this Conference.
Dear Members and supporters.
The Supreme Court rejected an unusual appeal in which seven white policemen from Richmond, Va., sought to revive their federal lawsuit over alleged discrimination against their black and female colleagues.
The court, without comment, turned away arguments that the seven officers should be allowed to sue under a federal civil rights law banning on-the-job bias and that they are entitled to protection against being punished for filing their lawsuit.
The officers' 1995 lawsuit against Richmond and police officials accused their immediate supervisor, Lt. Arthur Carroll, of making disparaging remarks to and about female and black members of the police force over a two-month period beginning in November 1993.
The seven officers first complained about Carroll's alleged harassment to their precinct captain but no action was taken against the lieutenant. The officers in 1994 filed complaints with the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and later, they contend, were subjected to a series of retaliatory actions.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING LINE REAL SLOW AND CAREFULLY ....WHAT'S WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE?
luUUUUIfi
(Continued from page 1) Supreme Court Rejects
The officers' contention that the alleged retaliation for contacting their precinct captain violated their free-speech rights also was dismissed because it was not deemed to involve a matter of public concern.
A three-judge panel of the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals revived the officers' Title VII claims, but the entire appeals court later set aside the panel's decision and upheld the trial judge's dismissal of the case by a 6-6 vote.
In the appeal acted on today, lawyers for the seven white policemen argued that the alleged harassment represented "an injury to themselves ... the harassment of their peers was totally destructive of the concept of teamwork."
The appeal added: "Without this concept of teamwork between and among police officers, officers will be needlessly exposed to additional dangers to life and limb." It said Carroll's comments "served to hostility divide the officers on the basis of race and gender to the detriment of all officers' personal safety and public welfare."
In response, the city's lawyers urged the justices to reject the officers' appeal. They said the lawsuit "contains no allegations from which one can reasonably infer" that the complained-about conduct "constituted discrimination against them because of their race and sex."
The seven officers who sued the city are David Childress, Augustus Harvey III, Vincent Matassa, Henry Mease, Howard Noyes, Daniel Quinney and Florian Stachura.
The case is Childress vs. Richmond, 97-1723.
Attorney Retained to represent Florida NAAWP
NAAWP National, Inc., the authorized NAAWP organization for the state of Florida, retained an attorney who will represent the organization in the state of Florida. The attorney is rated “A” by Martindale-Hubble and has tried over 300 jury trials in
the past 25 years.
AD
SPACE
Got a service or product you would like to sell contact us for our reasonable advertising rates
NAAWP P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
or Call: (904)766-2253
Hate Crime In Texas
Due to the massive media coverage of ABC, CBS and NBC, we have all heard of the recent killing of James Byrd Jr., a 49-year-old black man who was chained to a pickup and dragged to his death early Sunday. Parts of his body were scattered for two miles on the open road. The media wasted no time jumping on the "racial" band wagon. They started pointing fingers at the KKK of Texas. Why not? This sells papers and jumps TV ratings.
The people arrested for this horrible crime were; Shawn Berry, 23; Russell Brewer, 31; and Bill King, 23. It is rumored that they are tied to the Aryan Brotherhood, a prison bom white supremacy group.
NAAWP National does not in any way excuse, defend, or condone the actions of these three men. This was a very inhumane and violent criminal act done by people with very sick minds.
We send our condolences to the family of James Byrd Jr.
We did notice how quickly the reporters for the TV, radio and news papers got this story out to the American public. This story has been non stop for days and we all know what to expect next. Not only will the "great non biased media" of America keep us well informed of every detail of the crime, who did the crime, the possible links the killers had to "White Supremacist" organizations, but they will follow up for months with unrelated stories of Klan activities in the United States. They will fill the screens of our TV sets with sad human interest stories and back ground information on the friends and family of James Byrd Jr. Don't get me wrong. This is all well and fine, BUT...
* atf
(Continued on page 3) Hate Crime in Texas
(Continued from page 2) Hate Crime in Texas
Where was the coverage and the human interest and the back ground stories on White people who have been hurt, murdered, raped and robbed by Blacks in this country.
Where was jesse jackson, the nation of islam, bill & biliary clinton, and all of the Bible thumping preachers when Reginald Denny was pulled from his truck, beaten and shot by mobs of black rioters. Where were these caring people when young Mr. Westerman was chased by a car load of black men and shot to death just for flying the confederate flag on his pick up truck? Where were all of these so called caring people when three black men went on a shooting spree that began April 26th and continued until April 30th in the White areas of Bartow, Florida ? Have you forgotten about this HATE CRIME? Please let me refresh your memory. I know the press will not keep the story alive. This is because it was a CRIME AGAINST WHITE PEOPLE !!
From April 26th to April 30th of this year, three black youths, Antwan Streeter, 16, Victor Lester, 17, and Curtis Shuler Jr. 16 , all from Haines City,
Florida decided to go on a shooting spree in the White areas of town. Their first stop was in Haines City where the three racist blacks saw Larry "Steve" Tyler, 32, and his friend, Steve Green in their truck at a stop sign. The three teens walked up to the truck and started shooting. Mr. Tyler was killed in this shooting. The second stop for the Black racist killers was four days later when they targeted a Davenport couple, Cathy & Jeffrey Boyd while they had stopped to check their mail box. Cathy Boyd was shot but they managed to escape and call the police. (later on this was to be called an attempted car jacking by police and press.) The killers then drove to Lake Hamilton. They parked in an orange grove near an intersection watching like buzzards for their next victim. Their next victim happened to be Kristina Large, 20, of Lake Alfred and two passengers. When Kristina came to the stop sign, the black killers rushed to the car and started shooting. Kristina and one passenger, James Jackson, 18, were struck with bullets. Large managed to drive to a Winn-Dixie store for help where she died in the parking lot a short time later waiting for help to arrive. The final stop on the killing spree for the racist killers was John's Resort, 1504 U.S. Highway 27, Haines City. They burst into a hotel room where five members of a Georgia family reunion were staying, All five where shot, including Vickie Smith, 10, and her 15 year old sister, Morgan Smith. In the days following the shooting, families of the victims speculated that the crimes were racially motivated. The class mates at the school where the black killers attended said that the three were bullies and racists. BUT the Polk County Sheriffs Office disputed that claim. Although classes were canceled due to rumors of more racial violence. Detectives said although the teens admitted committing the crimes, they never said they intentionally sought out White victims.One of the teen killers said," We were out to just have fun and hurt "someone".
On the news today, one of the black killers said after they heard the first
person they shot had died, they laughed and thought it was funny......
On the same news channel they showed a gang of black men walking through the streets of Texas carrying shot guns and making threats. One black was quoted as saying," three Whites will have to die to avenge the death of this black man" Did any of them get arrested for displaying a deadly weapon ? No they did not. FACT. The Police said nothing to them and they allowed them to carry these guns and make the threats on the White public. ***
Where’s the Fairness
Thomas Jefferson's
statement on the
“Limits of liberty”
"Of liberty I would say that, in the whole plenitude of its extent, it is unobstructed action according to our will. But rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. I do not add 'within the limits of the law,' because law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the right of an individual."
Thomas Jefferson to I. Tiffany, 1819.
Jefferson states that rightful political liberty is not unlimited freedom. Jefferson defines those limits in terms of the equal rights of others, noting that the limits of the law cannot be taken as a standard, because "law is often but the tyrant's will, and ALWAYS so when it violates the right of an individual." To Jefferson, the overriding consideration is the EQUAL RIGHTS of individuals. Jefferson founds his view of the limits of liberty, not on the need for order in a society, but on the fundamental notion that individuals possess "inherent and inalienable rights," and it is the fact that all other individuals possess those same rights that places the only rightful curbs on those rights.
EQUAL RIGHTS FOR ALL .... SPECIAL PRIVILEGES FOR NONE
P
Always remember that work should never be your sole purpose in life. No one ever said on their death bed, "I wish I would have spent more time at the office."
3
Y2K
(The Millennium Bug)
Unless they are fixed... All computer programs... Everywhere in the world...
Will go on strike on January 1st 2000... Can you imagine... just for a moment... the chaos this would cause? There would be no air traffic, no traffic lights, no lights in your company, companies could not produce goods, no goods delivered to the stores, stores could not send you bills, you could not send bills to anyone else. Business would come to a halt.
We've got a problem. It may be the biggest problem that the modern world has ever faced. I think it is. At 12 midnight on January 1,2000 (a Saturday morning), most of the world's mainframe computers will either shut down or begin spewing out bad data. Most of the world's desktop computers will also start spewing out bad data. Tens of millions -- possibly hundreds of millions -- of pre-programmed computer chips will begin to shut down the systems they automatically control. This will create a nightmare for every area of life, in eveiy region of the industrialized world.
It's called the year 2000 problem. It's also called the millennium bug, Y2K, the millennium time bomb.
Think of what happens if the following areas go down and stay down for months or even years: banks, railroads, public utilities, telephone lines, militaiy communications, and financial markets. What about Social Security and Medicare? If Social Security and Medicare go down, it will affect millions of people. Yet both programs are at risk.
Is this possible? It's far more than merely possible. One man who thinks that disruptions are likely is Ed Yourdon, one of America's senior mainframe computer programmers, author of two dozen books on programming. He and his daughter have written a book, TIME BOMB 2000.
Months before January 1, 2000, the world's stock markets will have crashed. Who is going to leave his money in his bank if he thinks his bank's computer is not reliable? A worldwide run on the banks will create havoc in the investment markets. People who have placed their retirement hopes in stocks and mutual funds will see their dreams vanish. How reliable will stocks and mutual funds be if the banking system has closed down? How will you even get paid? How will your employer get paid? How will governments get paid?
Our first response when we hear this news is denial. Most people will stay in denial, including the business managers whose companies are totally vulnerable to a computer failure. This is why the problem will not be fixed. Everyone in authority will deny that time has run out to get this fixed, right up until December 31, 1999. They are paid to deny this. I'm raying that it's over. Right now. It cannot be fixed. Whatever it does, the Millennium Bug will bite us. How hard? There the debate begins.
I am also unaware of any Y2K programmer who says, "Even if programmers don't get this fixed, there will not be big problems." The debate is over two questions: (1) "Can the programmers get this fixed in time?" and (2) "How big will our problems be if they don't?" My answers: "no" and "catastrophic." You'll have to decide for yourself, either now or later.
One last warning: the governments' strategy, all over the world, is: (1) talk this problem to death, (2) form committees, and (3) send out PR sheets that they will make it - without evidence. But this problem cannot be talked to death or solved by committees. It cannot be avoided. There is an absolutely fixed deadline. Bureaucrats are not used to absolutely fixed deadlines. Neither are computer programmers.
4
MORE TO COME IN LATER ISSUES
NAAWP of Hawaii
wrote:
Reverse Racism - America, we've got a problem. The hatred and singling out of others simply because they're different in one way or another has got to end. A growing problem in the United States is Reverse Racism, or the hatred and abuse of Caucasians by African Americans and other minorities.
Since there is no justification for the actions of the Ku Klux Klan and other anti-minority movements against Blacks, there should be no tolerance for many actions put forth by African Americans toward Whites. Here is my voice on the issue.
The slave days - When African Americans were essentially stolen from their homeland, brought to the United States and worked under harsh conditions for many years. News flash - those days are long gone. African Americans are no longer forbidden to join or participate in any activity or action that a Caucasian can, and they can hold any job they want to, also. There are even laws preventing these actions. It is my opinion that African Americans are holding themselves down. Sure, blacks today claim "You white people held us as slaves for decades", yet those that are ignorant enough to raise the issue most likely cannot name a relative of theirs that was enslaved. Before we move on, may I also say that the need for our President to publicly apologize for the actions of our forefathers regarding slavery (as he recently did) is truly ridiculous. Though I don't approve of the way things were, that's exactly it - the way things were. Times were different then and it was a way of life. Things have changed since, and we have been lucky to reflect back and see it as a mistake.
Whether eight or eighty, everyone has heard the stories of the hanging and lynching of minorities by the KKK. My question to you is - why dwell in the past? There are very few, if any, people alive today that were involved in these activities.
The Emancipation Proclamation was signed well in excess of one hundred years ago, and blacks have slowly gained the freedom that they deserve. Of course there are going to be those that hate minorities and disagree with their freedom, as are there going to be minorities against whites, but it is themselves that they truly hate. All I can say is get over the past and work on improving the standards of today's society.
I could waste our time discussing racism that everyone is familiar with, but the purpose of this page is not to point out the obvious. I hope to open your eyes to reverse racism in areas where you may neglect to realize what's happening. If you came to learn about the following organizations, you came to the wrong place.
As for the rest of you, please continue to read what I have to say. The following
Reverse Racism A Wolf in Sheep’s Clothing
THE NATIONAL PHONE BOOTH
All readers are urged to notice we have several firms to boycott - two of which are AT&T and SPRINT.
What you do not know WILL cost you money, now or later. Members are being sent brochures from American Telecom Network (ATN) to change long distance carriers. ATN is a long distance service "broker", i.e. they contract with firms to provide subscribers with top quality service at very reasonable prices.
Best of all, it enables organizations such as the NAAWP to offer a service which everyone needs and uses and pays the NAAWP five percent of all funds paid t subscribers for their long distance bills.
It means that just by having your long distance service through ATN, for every dollar you pay for long distance service, 5 cents is sent to NAAWP directly, by ATN. The more subscribers enrolled, the more NAAWP is funded by your long distance calls. NO ONE knows that your service is associated with NAAWP. NAAWP does not ever appear on your phone bill.
Why should you switch anyway ?
Three reasons
First, AT&T and MCI and Sprint would rather go bankrupt than come out and send even 1 percent of a customer's bill to NAAWP.
Second, NAAWP needs the support of every member, even people who are not members. They have long distance bills, too. By joining, you will likely see your bills decrease, saving you money. That 5 percent "rebate" to NAAWP does NOT cost you extra. It is coming via the long distance carrier through ATN's plan with the carrier. NAAWP needs these extra dollars currently being kept by the long distance companies to finance a legal defense fund, among other initiatives. It is crucial to get more money, but even more crucial to do it without costing the members more money.
|Corrti'nued on page 6) Hawaii
(continued on page 6) Phone
(Continued from page 5) Hawaii
arc , in my own opinion, examples of Reverse Racism implemented in today's society.
Black Entertainment Television (BET) - A national television station available to cable subscribers. Though it violates no laws (and of course it shouldn't) reverse racism is clearly obvious. There is no need for a television station specifically for blacks. The content includes television shows with 100% African American cast members and commercials produced with black actors by familiar companies and organizations specifically for BET. Before you argue: What would you say if you turned on the television tomorrow and saw the new station "White Entertainment Television", containing 100% Caucasian content?
Ebony/Jet Magazines - Along the same lines as Black Entertainment Television, why is it necessary for African Americans to have a magazine specifically for black readers? Are all other magazines not fit for black eyes? Merely the title alone suggests that the publication is restricted to black readers. As with BET, advertisers in Ebony/Jet that have normal ads in other periodicals (i.c. - People, Life, Newsweek) resort to ads featuring all black models. Sure, there are other magazines that single out certain groups such as fishermen, bikers, runners, car lovers, etc., but I have yet to discover another publication that targets a specific race. Before you argue: What would you say if you went to your dentist and saw a magazine entitled "Ivory" or "Pure" on the coffee table - a magazine for Caucasian readers with 100% white content?
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) -Founded in 1909. the principal objective of the NAACP is to ensure the political, educational, social and economic equality of minority group citizens of the United States. In case it hasn't been noticed, African Americans, as well as every other minority group, have had equality for quite some time now in every field listed in the aforementioned description which was taken directly from the NAACP home page. The truth is, since Blacks have already "Advanced" as far as Whites have, any more "Advancement" would mean a black dominance over the white population, similar to the way it used to be in the reversed role. Sure. African Americans were held down in the past, and I'm not at all proud that anyone in my bloodline took part in such oppression, but the NAACP was founded in 1909 when there was a need for such an organization. This is no longer necessary. Before you argue: Why shouldn't Caucasian's rush out to create the "National Association for the Advancement of White People" as j combative measure against the tactics employed by the NAACP? Because it would be racism to the extreme, that's why. And that's also exactly what the NAACP is towards white people. Racist.
The United Negro College Fund (UNCF) - Though not as extreme as the NAACP in my eyes my - seeing as its primarily a source of college scholarships for African Americans, the UNCF is clearly prejudice against all but Blacks. Though I am not sure whether or not the UNCF has begun to issue scholarships to those that are not of African American descent, the name suggests that they do not. I do know, however, that they recently began referring to themselves as "The College Fund" in commercials and telemarketing campaigns. Not to directly accuse the UNCF of intentionally deceiving people into contributing, but striking the "United Negro" from their title then approaching people from every race asking for money seems rather deceiving itself. I'm not saying that, say, a White person should not contribute to such an organization by any means, but they should at least realize what they're actually giving money to. The resources are out there to allow people of all races to attend college if they work hard enough.
(Continued oh page 7) Hawaii
(continued from page 5) Phone
Third, AT&T and SPRINT (and others even 10-10-321 ) will run large ads and plaster 10 cents per minute in your face, night after night. READ the fine white hard-to-read words at the bottom of your TV screen (if you can focus that small): "residential-only,state-to-state (interstate only), 7 PM-AM, $ 4.95 monthly fees ".
You did know that taxes are applied on all long distance charges. Right ? Well, add that $ 4.95 monthly fee to get 10 cents per minute and then add a little more for taxes and see if you still have 10 cents per minute ! But AT&T won't tell you that. Nor do they want to. They don't care about you or the NAAWP.
Then ask every time you mail a payment, does 5 percent go to the NAAWP ? NO WAY !!! False and deceptive advertising ??? AT&T ??? Yes, AT&T, and SPRINT, and quite a few others. ATN brochures tell you rates up front, with no monthly fees. What you sec is what you get. Honest and straight.
So, when you receive a brochure, signup immediately. Fill out the application, mail it in - postage already paid !!! Don't have a stamp ? That's no excuse. You don't need one !!! If you receive additional brochures, get a relative or friend to sign up. They do not have to be a member of NAAWP to sign-up and support us.
Additional brochures are available for friends and relatives, etc.. Just write or call and ask. Our goal should be to have 5,000 subscribers by end of year - 1998. That would fund the Legal Defense Fund of NAAWP first class. But these subscribers won't just happen. It takes everyone signing up NOW - and helping get a co-worker or relative or friend to sign-up.
More information will appear in the newsletters - just look to the NATIONAL PHONE BOOTH for your phone program information. ***
SUPPORT NAAWP
6
(Continued from page 6) Hawaii
Before you argue: Four words questions?
- United Caucasian College Fund. Any
Affirmative Action - Essentially, if a minority is not qualified to receive a job and they don't get it, the employer can be sued. How's this effect anyone? It keeps those that are qualified from receiving the jobs they deserve and it puts those that aren't qualified into positions where they do not belong. No big deal? Solve this equation: Affirmative Action + Nuclear Power Plant = . Now it's a different story when a qualified minority is rejected for a job that goes to someone less qualified. That's uncalled for. Unfortunately that's not what the law is always used for. Take the following example: I am familiar with a situation that recently occurred within a company that had its corporate big shots go through racial trouble earlier this decade. Within a certain department, an unqualified individual (who happened to be African American) was hired over others who were far more qualified. His supervisor was nearly fired when the African American claimed that he had been racist by rejecting him for a certain task although he was badly unqualified to perform it. It seems that Affirmative Action has instilled within corporate America a fear that if they neglect to hire "their share" of minorities, regardless of qualification, they'll be punished. Before you argue: I am not saying Affirmative Action cannot be helpful in certain situations, but when you pass a law such as this, the possibilities for abuse are infinite.
Black History Month - Sure, there have been many notable African Americans in times past, and I respect every last one of them, but how is "Black History" any different than regular history? Why should African American achievements be set apart from the achievements of all others when it's equality we're striving for? Sure, there may have been segregation in the past, but that's no reason to have the history of those times segregated today. Before you argue: Just as examples given previously - anyone pushing "White History Month" would have plenty of questions to answer.
These are, in my opinion, examples of how African Americans are demonstrating Reverse Racism towards Caucasians. Upon examining these examples, it looks to me that the Black race, although given every opportunity possible to eliminate prejudice, insist upon setting themselves apart from Whites in one way or another. We need to come together as a one and eliminate the term "race" altogether, as well as doing away with such organizations as the KKK, the Black Panthers, and the NAACP. I fear that it is too late, however, and I see racial tensions only growing worse with time. Why can't we start calling everyone our "brother" or "sister" as opposed to only people of the same race. That's something to think about. Something that may help you open your eyes to the problem that is Reverse Racism.
If you've come to this section hoping to see where you can find me in order to cause harm to me, you're out of luck. You won't find anything resembling my name. Obviously some people are going to disagree with what I've said, as society may tell them that they shouldn't "go against the flow", but that's precisely what I've done here. I saw what's happening and I'm speaking out about it. Luckily that's my right under the U.S. Constitution. I hope that my web site works to mend a problem rather than create one. I ask that you take into consideration everything I've discussed here before you choose to hate me. See things from my point of view and understand that I've thought about this for countless hours. I am of mature age. I realize what I'm saying, and I feel very strongly about it Like I said before I am not a racist. I have many Black friends and spend much of my time with them. I can be reached via e-mail at deceived@usa.net ***	~	„
The
Y2K
Survival Newsletter
On 01/01/2000 many computers around the world may fail to operate properly.
Computers that run banks, power grids, water supplies, businesses, governments and other essential services may fail.
Survive the millennium bug. Learn what it is, what it means to you and how to prepare for it.
Subscription $50 per year 12 Monthly Issues
Current Sample Issue $5.00
Y2K P.O. 1727 Callahan. FL 32011
National NAAWP News published by
National NAAWP, Inc. P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
Telephone: (904) 766-2253
7
Why did Bill Clinton get into this problem? He didn’t know har-ass was one word
Valentine from Hillary to Bill
Valentine, I think you’re great, a Chief Executive ... who can delegate. And you warm ... this First Lady’s heart.
WISDOM
Life is never exactly what we want it to be. Life just is. It is what we make of life that will bring it nearer to what we want it to be..
White Americans must
Educate their Children on White Rights Issues
Teach the Children - So They May Know
Affirmative Action Tops NAACP List
A Lesson in Politics
A son asks his father, "What can you tell me about politics? I have to learn about it for school tomorrow." The father thought some and said, "OK, son, the best way I can describe politics is to use an analogy. Let's say that I'm a capitalist because I'm the breadwinner. Your mother will be the government because she controls everything, our maid will be the working class because she works for us, you will be the people because you answer to us, and your baby brother will be the future.
Does that help any?" The little boy said, "Well, Dad, I don't know, but I'll think about what you said."
Later that night, after everyone had gone to bed, the little boy was awaken by his baby brother's crying. Upon further investigation, he found a dirty diaper. So, he went down the hall to his parent's bedroom and found his father's side of the bed empty and his mother wouldn't wake up. Then he saw a light on in the guest room down the hall, and when he reached the door, he saw through the crack that his father was in bed with the maid. The son then turned and went back to bed.
Declaring that "race and skin color" still dominate every aspect of American life, NAACP President Kweisi Mfume said today that protecting the nation's embattled affirmative action programs must remain at the top of the civil rights group's agenda.
Speaking before several thousand NAACP members gathered here for the organization's 89th annual convention, Mfume credited affirmative action with sparking the explosive growth of the black middle class in the past 30 years. Consequently, he said, efforts to eliminate the programs amount to an attack on black progress. "We are not going to let these years of progress be taken away from us without a fight," Mfume said.
The NAACP and its allies have been successful in defeating legislative attempts to end affirmative action in 14 states, according to the Southern Regional Council, a civil rights think tank. But affirmative action opponents have had one huge victory: the 1996 passage of Proposition 209, which outlawed most government affirmative action programs in California.
Affirmative action opponents also have succeeded in the nation's courts. Through rulings in recent years, the courts have ended some set-aside programs in government contracting, prompted new rules on minority procurement in the federal government and eliminated some affirmative action programs in higher education.
Affirmative Action Programs discriminate against White Americans
National NAAWP, Inc.
A Civil Rights Organization For information or membership
The next morning, he said to his father at the breakfast table, "Dad, I think I understand politics much better now." "Excellent, my boy," he answered, "What have you learned?" The little boy thought for a minute and said,
"I learned that capitalism is screwing the working class, government is sound asleep ignoring the people, and the future's full of shit"
BULLSEYE
I Ray Thomas [National Director! P.O, Box 130962 Tampa# FL 33681
(813)274-4988
naawp@juno.com

CEOjfl P O Box 1727 Callahan. FL320f1
(904) 766-2253 cherokee@mediaone.net
8