NAAWP NATIONAL
JANUARY, 2002
SPECIAL EDITION ^
2001 - THE YEAR IN REVIEW
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Dear members and supporters:
As the year comes to an end, we all tend to critique ourselves and look at our accomplishments and our setbacks and the NAAWP is no different!
Therefore, we would like to share a summary of our activities with you - for those who may have forgotten, and those of you who may be new to our organization.
We are hoping, not only to double our membership in 2002, but also increase activism by at least 100 fold! We sincerely hope that after reading this special edition newsletter, YOU will decide to pick up an anti-white issue and get involved! Whether it be a letter writing campaign, organizing voter registration, recruiting new members, or helping out financially, we need YOUR activism!
We receive many letters and emails asking, " What is the NAAWP doing about.,.” so with out further delay, we invite you to see for yourself...
WORDS OF WISDOM
If we have not quiet in our minds, outward comfort will do no more for us than a golden slipper on a gouty foot
- Bunyan
This year, 2001, we traveled over 25,000 miles on NAAWP business in one way or another.
Every place we went, we were always well received and always passed out literature and talked to people.
HOTLINE PHONE NUMBERS:
East Coast:
(813) 274-4988
West Coast:
(530) 884-4460
Central US:
(504) 347-9991
Email:
infb@naawp. com
Entire Contents © Copyright 1998-2002, NAAWP National Inc. All Rights Reserved
Volume 2, 23
THE YEAR IN REVIEW, 2001
Biloxi,MS.
jn April'of this year, American-Africans again descended upon the city of Biloxi, MS in their quest to celebrate Black Spring Break. The NAAWP was there again, for the second year in a row! We passed out literature, talked to business owners and residents for three days. We were well received by everyone we encountered.
Daytona, FL
As in Biloxi, Blacks descended upon Daytona for their annual event referred to as Black College Reunion. Again, the NAAWP was there, passing out literature, informing folks of the racist nature of the eyent, totally accepted and endorsed Jby the media, and making our organization known.
Perry, FL
When an American-Africaa legislator from Maryland stopped at a local restaurant, he was not immediately served and therefore played the "race" card. NAACP "leaders" descended upon this small town, creating a national incident. Again, the NAAWP was there passing out literature and speaking with local people.
Southeastern Internet Service Providers - Our Web Host!
Make OUR Internet Service Provider YOURS!
RACIALLY AWARE HOSTING! http://www.sispweb.com/
SISP is the official web-hosting and design firm for the NAAWP.
SISP can take your idea or business live via the Internet!
Have you been delaying getting your website up?
(504)328-1980 -
Call or visit SISP!
E-Commerce
Database
Brochure and Catalogues
Complete Packages, Under $1,000.00!
It's NEVER been Easier! Offlce@sispweb.com
THE YEAR IN REVIEW, 2001
Cincinnati, OH
When Black rioters attacked the white citizens in Cincinnati's "over the Rhine" district in April, injuring over 135 white men, women and children, screaming "kill whitey", the NAAWP wa^s there.
Local TV and radio stations interviewed us addressing our concerns regarding the lack of prosecution of these individuals for "hate crimes". These liberal commentators agreed with us, much to their aversion to do so. We visited the Mayors office and expressed our concerns and attended an emergency "City Council" meeting
We met with many local people, and passed out thousands of pieces of literature. Every single person we encountered agreed with us, and local establishments went out of their way to accommodate us and make us feel welcome.
Syracuse, NY
Along time employee of the Postal Service contacted us about the abusive and racial Intimidation she was experiencing from Black Supervisors. We gathered the necessary information (concerning the situation, with names, times and places. We then contacted the Postmaster in Syracuse and expressed our c<n> cerns on the behalf of the employee, and with our help, the situation was rectified.
West Virginia
The NAAWP, founder and administrators of Operation Appalachian, delivered over 1100 pounds of school supplies, non-perishable food, blankets and warm clothing to the children in Southwest West Virginia. This follows last years dispensing that supplied over 300 children in Loudendale, WV with school supplies.
THE YEAR IN REVIEW* 2001	»A3*
Tallahassee, FI
When American-African organizations including the NAACP, Uhuru, Black Panthers and other extremist black groups descended upon the State Capitol, a contingent of NAAWP members and supporters were there to greet them on the front steps.
The NAAWP was in Tallahassee each time (3) these groups decided to "protest", and we even came face-to-face, and stood side-by-side (to his surprise) with the Black Panthjer and President of the NAACP, Kweisi MFume. We. passed out our own literature and expressed our concerns for their so-called issues!
Idaho
In November of 2000, we were contacted by Kimberly Rae concerning an unprovoked physical attack on her person by a black referee at a local High School football game. When her husband, Lonnie, came to her defense using just words and not violence, he was charged with a hate crime. (Particulars of this situation can be found on our web site, under Newsletter archives dated 2/13/01)	'•	•	v.	*
They both lost their jobs oyer the publicity and the NAAWP, through the Victims Fund, forwarded necessary funding to them on two occasions to keep them going. Through the Office of the First National Vice-President, Rich Faraone, we contacted the best civil rights lawyer available for white people. The lawyer,. Mr. Edgar Steele, took the case, pro bono, is now representing Lonnie Rae in his fight for justice when no other lawyer would.
The NAAWP has also contributed to the Defense Fund, established for Lonnie Rae. This is an ongoing case and we will keep everyone informed as to its progress.
Corruption in Rutherford County, NC
Citizens there are telling stories and alleging corruption, harassment, illegal prosecution and a Gestapo style enforcement of the law by the local Rutherford County Sheriffs office. We have been collecting data on the situation and plan to blow this corruption wide open in 2002!
THE YEAR IN REVIEW, 2001
NAAWP White Heritage Day
This years Heritage event was held outside of the Chicago area in Illinois. The Illinois State Director of the NAAWP hosted it and everyone had a great time.
St. Louis, immigration Conference
In April, the NAAWP was requested to attend a National conference being hejd in St. Louis. Over 30 other organizations or groups were invited.to.attend, and address the immigration issues. State Directors from INinois and Michigan represented the NAAWP in a very professional manner.
The result of this Conference was that we became one of the most active and highly respected organizations that attended, wrttvtwo websites currently in the design stages.
Heritage Coalition
The National NAAWP has remained a part of the Heritage coalition, a coalition made up of eleven other organizations. This coalition is to ensure that Southern Heritage and Southern Culture will continue to exist, in spite of the pressures of the far left that are attempting to obliterate it.
An example of this coalition was the pressure we brought in South Carolina over the Flag flying on top of the Capitol building in Columbia, SC. The NAACP called for a nationwide boycott of South Carolina until the removal of the flag took place. As a compromise, the Flag was removed from the Capitol and is now flying on the Capitol grounds. The NAACP and other black "leaders" refused to accept this, and the "boycott" is ongoing.
However, the NAAWP called for a boycott of all black owned business in South Carolina, which is also ongoing. Tourism is up in South Carolina, yet the black businesses have suffered economically from this boycott, and asked the Governor for $1,000,000 dollars for "relief". The Governor rejected this request.
THE YEAR IN REVIEW, 2001
Voter Registration
During the spring of 2000, the National NAAWP worked with Ward Connerly’s organization in Florida, in an attempt to get enough signatures on petitions to place the Florida Civil Rights Initiative (FCCl) on the ballot. These petitions had to be signed by registered voters. Throughout the State of Florida, over 4,000 new voters were registered by the NAAWP for the Presidential election, with the hope that the FCCl would be on the ballot at that time. It wasn't, having been turned down by the Florida Supreme Court, yet these "new registered voters" made the difference in the Presidential election.
Without this massive effort, Albert Gore WOULD have won the Presidency!
Voter registration remains one of the NAAWP's main goals. We need to increase the thrust of this program for the upcoming election in 2002.
C.A.T.S. International NAAWP Home Schooling
Started in 2000, and continuing in 2001-2002, our participation in CATS has created an outlet for parents to Home School their children by using an accredited home schooling alternative. Based in Texarkana, TX, this program is made available to NAAWP members for a discounted rate of $90.00 per quarter.
NAAWP TRAVEL
This year, 2001, we traveled over 25,000 miles on NAAWP business in one way or another. Every place we went, we were always well received and always passed out literature and talked to people.
THE YEAR IN REVIEW, 2001
AS YOU CAN SEE, THE NAAWP HAS HAD A BUSY YEAR)
Now that we've covered our accomplishments, on to the setbacks!
While the NAAWP National Inc. is growing faster than it ever has, we believe that it is not nearly fast enough! Oh sure, we're getting new members every day, but membership is not what we're all about. Even if we recruited a million new members this coming year, we still couldn*t do any more than we are doing now! Activism is what where we lack support for our accomplishments!
We know a lot of you say, "I paid my $35... I did my part" but this js just not true! The dues we receive from our members barely pay the costs of the hard copy newsletter and membership packages we mail out, the websites, the economy travel, and miscellaneous expenses incurred by the business. We need our members to activate! Find an issue that suits your expertise or sense of fairness, and go after it! We'll help!
We are hoping, not only to double our membership in 2002, but also in- : crease activism by at least 100 fold! We sincerely hope that after reading this special edition newsletter, YOU will decide to pick up an anti-white issue and get involved! Whether it be a letter writing campaign, organizing voter registration, recruiting new members, or helping out financially, we need YOUR activism!
Are YOU ready to get involved and make a difference?
Below is a special website for you to sign up and help out! Please visit it TODAY and help US help YOU! http://www. cofcc. com/2002/
If you do not have Internet access, please write to: National Office PO Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
Or call: (904) 706-2253
WHAT ABOUT 9-11?
Let us first start by saying that our hearts, passions and our prayers go out to the victims of the attack on the United States of America on September 11, 2001. This statement is not to criticize our government However, there will be justifiable questions raised. As we are afl shaken with the deaths and injuries of our fellow Americana, this should serve as a wake up call not only for the need for vastly improved security but also for domestic and foreign policy consistent with the Constitution.
Why did this happen to us? A lesson from our forefathers not fo get involved with foreign entanglements. A lesson from our forefathers not to disarm its people. A lesson for our government not to ignore their Constitutional limitations. It may be hard for us to criticize ourselves in the wake of this tragedy but if we do not learn from our mistakes, we are doomed to repeat them.
Let me put it bluntly folks - fix America's foreign policy and secure our borders or the next attack will be nuclear. If it hasn't become apparent that we've seriously upset some people, then you are naive. We'd better recognize it. When people have the zeal to take over an airplane and deliberately crash it into innocent civilians, obviously we've pushed people's passions to the limit. You will hear the commentators discuss that this was a 'cowardly act of terrorism'. I disagree. This attack was neither cowardly nor a mere terrorist attack. It shall be known from now until the end of history that this was an act of war.
Let that sink in real good for you. Feet it. Taste it. This is war, America - brought to our shores.
From initial reports we received on how the aircraft were seized, there will be many questions about what should been done to improve airport security. Far removed from these discussions, I'm sure, will be the necessity of allowing air travelers to carry at least light weapons on aircraft There will be those who immediately dismiss this as rhetoric. We can only respond with, "if it could save one life". Jn this case, one person with a firearm on the two planes which crashed Into the World Trade Center (and one aimed at the Pentagon) could have saved between 20,000 and 50,000 lives.
The question will also be raised about the need to secure our borders. Many of us had thought a while back, when a plane landed on the lawn of the White House, that steps should be taken to insure that other government facilities would not face the same thing.
I'm sure the government and I will support anti-aircraft measures on buildings now.
Our borders are now closed. It is us against the world.
What you are witnessing on the internet, T.V., and in photos are merely on the scene reports from a war zone.. In most cases, we!ve only heard of this kind of thing overseas. This is the worst act of belligerence on this continent since the war between the states, in fact -ever.
To President Bush, Members of Congress and government officials:
•	America understands that we are at war. We ask that you take actions that are ONLY in the United States' best interests. We ask that no U.N. resolution be sought - there is no need for foreign entanglements. And that there Is truly no need for those responsible to be brought to trial. This is not a matter for the F.B.I. As we mourn and possibly soon avenge our dead, we still must begin to look at ourselves -ask ourselves Americans, do we want this to happen again?
•	The American public will surely back strong measures to support Amerjcan personnel. No doubt to anyone that September 11th will now be a Memorial Day in the United States for generations, if we last. This, America, is not the test of the government, for this government has maintained its continuity of government status.
But if this nation's sovereignty is to be maintained it is the American people who must meet that challenge.
•	I	submit	the days of racial bickering are NOT over.
•	I	submit	the days of class warfare in America are NOT over.
•	I	submit	that actions to be taken that do not first secure the Americans rights to	life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness are NOT over.
•	I submit that without personaJ security there is NO national security.
•	I submit that the Bill of Rights shall not be sacrificed for our security but should be used as a means to preserve our security.
We have an enemy out there and we must meet these enemies together. However we .cannot simply forget our duty to ourselves, our children and the future of our race.
In this war, not just the military will go to war, we will go to war with them. Many of our loved ones, right now are stranded, forced to find other means for Jong journeys home. I personally had offered to drive thousands of miles to retrieve one of my loved ones. Her response was, “i’ll be okay. We’re at war. You Jiave a job to do there.” In fact, she even offered to turn back to New York to help the wounded.
Important note to the federal government: Let these actions be seen not as a threat toward you. You were attacked. We were attacked. We're in this together. We must shy away from all personal bickering, infighting and name calling from this day forward. We have a mission. We must set this country on the correct path in the eyes of our Creator, the eyes of ourselves, and the eyes of the world.
This point forward will determine if the American people make history .or become history. Our stations shall be manned. We shall be more resilient. We will accept nothing but truthful honesty and integrity from our government on their Constitutional duty To protect the nation's border, its men in arms and its people. The-NAAWP offers a firm salute to every man and woman in uniform, and offers our prayers and warm handshakes to all other Americans.
It's okay to be scared. We're scared too. Rather than being so much afraid of what has happened, we should fear that we may not have the courage and resolve to do what we must do now, as Americans. Somewhere I believe there is a Higher Power looking down at all of us. Somehow I believe this is all part of God's plan. It is the greatest test America will ever. face...
EEOC - Reverse Discrimination
Supporters of reverse discrimination* (preferential treatment, or racial preferences) like to talk about the fact that non-minorities file very few complaints with EEOC. They like to imply that "everything must be OK with the non-minorities because they don't file complaints with EEOC."
Research suggests otherwise: Almost 20% (about 1 out of 5) discrimination complaints with the EEOC are filed by non-minority federal workers! Non-minorities do have a great many actionable complaints, but EEOC will never hear about them unless the non-minorities file complaints! By all means, file a complaint if you feel you have grounds!
According to the Federal Times (11/24/97), at the end of fiscal 1996, white federal employees had filed 11,295 complaints with the EEOC, while blacks had filed 9,339 race-based complaints.
Straight from the EEOCfs Mouth
" Title VII of the Civil Rights Act protects individuals against employment discrimination on the basis of race and color as well as national origin, sex, or religion." (Even if you happen to be a non-minority!)
" It is unlawful to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of his/her race or color in regard to hiring, termination, promotion, compensation, job training, or any other term, condition, or privilege of employment."
"Requesting pre-employment information which discloses or tends to disclose an applicant's race suggests that race will be unlawfully used as a basis for hiring."
It doesn't do you or your fellow victims any good to just grumble to your friends and co-workers about discrimination you experience on the job! Not only for your sake but for the sake of others in your situation, file a complaint if you believe you have grounds. Even if you don't obtain a decision in your favor, you will have helped pave the way for the next person and the next person after that who needs to file a complaint.
Filing a Charge:
If you believe you have been discriminated against by an employer, labor union or employment agency when applying for a job or while on the job because of your race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, or disability, or believe that you have been discriminated against because you oppose an unconstitutional practice (such as reverse discrimination*), you may file a charge of discrimination with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).
Charges may be filed in person, by mail or by telephone by contacting the nearest EEOC office. If there is not an EEOC office in the immediate area, call toll free 800-669-4000 or 800-669-6820 (TDD) for more information. To avoid delay, call or write beforehand if you need special assistance, such as an interpreter, to file a charge.
Fingerprint Folly - Beware
In Berkeley, California, SmartTouch Inc. has been test marketing a new identification system that can link fingerprints to Visa accounts.
At the High Tech Burrito restaurant, customers now just put a finger to a touchpad and their meal is deducted from their bank account.
SmartTouch CEO Phil Gioia says the device, soon headed for grocery stores, is needed because, "In a consumer environment, everything is moving to a higher level of convenience and security." (For whom he didn't say.)
Pointing out the deeper significance of this breakthrough was the founder of SmartTouch, Ned Hoffman, who says with this device, "You are the money." Now you are the money walking, talking and breathing.
Now I can look at myself and know who I am. I am $53.27. Peace at last. (Daily Californian @ 2/4/99)
"Making the World Safer”
for Democracy
Intel, producer of about 85% of all computer chips, announced its new Pentium III chip will automatically identify consumers' computers on the Internet. This feature is designed to allow companies to restrict the downloads of movies or songs to one computer. The chip will transmit a unique serial number to verify the identity of a user, unless it is turned off, although the feature automatically turns itself back on when the computer is restarted (thus saving consumers the trouble). Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy answered critics who fear an intrusion by Big Brother by saying, "We're enabling a more secure environment." I know I feel more secure knowing concerned corporations can track my identity. (AP 1/24/99, NYT 1/30/99)
We’re losing our privacy folks !
The Myths That Divide Us - sent to NAAWP by a reader
The book is written by John Perazzo and it clearly debunks the lies and propaganda perpetrated by the so called leaders of the black community and liberal media. It is published by World Studies Books. Please push this book, it is one of the few true sources of information available and the author deserves credit for 'Telling it like it is' and for having the courage to do so. The publisher also deserves credit for having the balls to print and distribute it. They both deserve out support and dollars, get your members to buy it and tell others about it.
From the book, "The Myths That Divide Us":
Although there are 6 times as many whites as blacks in the U.S., nearly 3 times as many whites are killed by blacks than vice versa. For every black who is mugged by a white, there are 30 whites mugged by blacks. Black-on-white robberies are 21 times more common than white-on black crimes of the same description. White black-on-white gang robberies are 52 times more common than white-on-black. When we further consider that the pool of potential black perpetrators is so much smaller than the pool of potential white perpetrators, the implications are even more profound. For example, the "average" black person is, statistically, about 12 times more likely to kill interracially. 64 times more likely to rape interracially. And 325 times more likely to participate in an interracial gang robbery than the "average" white. Nationwide in 1993 there were 1.7 million interracial crimes involving either black attackers and white victims, or vice versa. Eight-nine percent of those crimes were committed by blacks against whites.
The Safest Depository
"Who will govern the governors?" There is only one force in the nation that can be depended upon to keep the government pure and the governors honest, and that is the people themselves. They alone, if well informed, are capable of preventing the corruption of power, and of restoring the nation to its rightful course if it should go astray. They alone are the safest depository of the ultimate powers of government.
Thomas Jefferson
You can’t protect and preserve your civil rights by sitting on your rear end.
Support NAAWP
NAAWP
Caps and Shirts
with NAAWP logo
Caps (black only) are $10.00 T-shirts s-m-l-Xl* 12.00 ea. Sweatshirts are
$15.00 each
Caps are one size fits all Shirts (black or white) with NAAWP logo
Don’t forget to state your shirt size !
(FI. Residents add sales tax) plus 2.95 S&H.
Send your order to:
NAAWP P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
10