Publication of the National Association for the Advancement of White People
|M A AWP h » rmn-dnlmt riv8 righfc	donandfeg: (1) Equal Rigrts for Al. Spedal Privieges for None; (2) Long Prison Ten» for Crimtoah, uring vacant fadBtks and tlrtady-on-the-payrofl mfltouy as guards
P O Box 10625 * New Orleans, LA 70181 * (504) 831-6986 (24 hrs.)	Issue	71
Political Correctness is driving America into a new Dark Age
by: pur. alien
11 THE DARK AGES WERE CAUSED BY POLITICAL CORRECTNESS
Galileo lived four centuries ago, during the "Dark Ages." They were called the "Dark Ages" because the light of science was denied the people by the intolerance of "political correctness." Forced to stumble around in the darkness of ignorance, the people paid a horrible price in human suffering.
21 POLITICAL CORRECTNESS IS THOUGHT CONTROL ENFORCED BY THE THOUGHT POLICE
What is "political correctness?" It is thought control. It builds fences around your thoughts. To be politically correct, you can only think thoughts inside the fence. Why? Because these are the only ones approved, permitted, by the cultural "Thought Police."
The "Thought Police" are media, university, religious, and political eggheads who feel they have been appointed by God to police your thoughts. Now, they don't come out and say this, of course ; they just behave this way.
If your thoughts are not inside the fence of political correctness, they are out of bounds. This makes you a thought-outlaw. The Thought Police attack thought-out-laws in every way possible. Why? Because they know what is good for you, better than you do.
31 GALILEO’S SCIENTIFIC TRUTH NEARLY COST HIM fflS LIFE
Having prepared the ground, we can now get back to Galileo. In Galileo's time, it was politically correct to think God had centered the universe about the spot where Adam drew his first breath. Thus, the sun must revolve around the Earth and the Garden of Eden, right?
Wrong! When Galileo looked through a telescope, he saw it was the other way around. The Earth actually revolved around the sun. Being a prudent man, he didn't say anything right away because if you disagreed with the Thought Police, they labeled you a heretic, an atheist, a sinner, possessed by the Devil. To top it off, they burned you at the stake. Why? One, to permanently silence your rat-fink dissent. Two, to send a warning message to other thought-outlaws: get back inside the fence of political correctness or die.
In this way the benefits of science were denied the people by the closed-minded intolerance of political correctness. Forced to live in the darkness of ignorance, the people suffered the unspeakable misery known as the “Dark Ages.”
41 SCIENTIFIC TRUTH IS BEING SUPPRESSED ALL OVER AGAIN. THIS TIME ABOUT RACIAL DIFFERENCES
When Galileo finally voiced his scientific truth, it trashed the preeminence of man’s place in God’s plan of
creation. This angered the Thought Police and they called Galileo an atheist sinner. He ended his life in house arrest. He would have burned at the stake if he had not lied and said he had not seen the truth he had seen.
The good news is that the Dark Ages ended some time ago. The bad news is that they are coming back again. It is the sad duty of the NAAWP News to show that America is headed for a new dark age. Today, right now, the close-minded intolerance of political correctness is suppressing the scientific truth about racial differences. As a result, the American people are crashing around in the darkness of ignorance, and are paying an increasingly bloody price in worsening race relations.
NAAWP President Paul R. Allen leading a recent standing-room-only rally in a majority-Negro area, stresses the NAAWP message.
51 IT IS NO MORE “RACIST” TO CITE RACIAL DIFFERENCES. THAN IT IS “ATHEIST” TO CITE PLANETARY MOVEMENTS
How are the Thought Police suppressing the truth? By calling you a “racist” if you mention racial differences. But do not be fooled. You are no more a “racist” to cite the scientific truth about racial differences, than Galileo was an “atheist’ ’ to cite the scientific truth about the earth revolving around the sun.
Without the light of science, the people are forced to stumble around in the darkness of ignorance about whv race relations are getting worse. It’s hard to fix something if you don’t know why it isn’t working.
How to fix race relations, you ask? When all else fails, try the truth, as they say.
6t SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE SHOWS LOW NEGRO LO. IS INHERITED
Few if any modem scholars, scientists, experts in psychology, would challenge the fact that a huge and unvarying difference in racial I.Q. scores has consistently been obtained for the several decades over which reliable testing has taken place.
This is not to say that all Negroes are inferior in I.Q. to whites. Many Negroes have superior I.Q.s to many whites. Please get that we are talking about AVERAGES here.
The lie put out by the Thought Police is that low Negro I.Q averages are due to cultural bias in the tests. Once again the light of science illuminates another example of cultural myth. Simply overwhelming scientific evidence shows that low Negro I.Q. scores are not due to cultural bias in testing. Instead, they are due to a genetic, inherited deficiency in intelligence compared to the other races.
71 INHERITED LOW NEGRO LO. IS INTRACTABLE - UNMANAGEABLE. IMPOSSIBLE TO FIX WITH SOCIAL SPENDING
Unfortunately for all concerned, low Negro I.Q. is primarily controlled by heredity, not environment. Thus trying to change low I.Q. is like trying to change inherited skin color - a hopeless case.
In Galileo’s time, it was the distressing duty of science to show that the earth was not the center of the universe.
In our time it is the distressing duty of science to show that low I.Q. cannot be significantly increased by imposing changes in the family or social background of the individual. Low I.Q. is ‘ ‘intractable,” as they say, that is, it is unmanageable, impossible to fix.
Thus all the vast education, employment, welfare, and other huge, incredibly expensive social programs designed to uplift the Negro are useless, a total waste of white tax dollars. (For a comprehensive review of the scientific evidence on this subject, see issue 70 of the NAAWP News, which is based on Black Intelligence In White Society, published by the Foundation for Human Understanding, 1993, 126pp., Box 5712, Athens, GA., Zip 30604. Paperback, $6.00 postpaid).
8t IT IS NOT “RACIST” TO TELL THE TRUTH THAT 65% OF ALL NEGROES ARE FEEBLEMINDED OR MORONS
On average, Negro I.Q. is 15 points below white. This difference may not sound like much to the man in the street, but in the I.Q. world it is simply enormous. Why? Because these 15 points are the difference between average intelligence and feeble-mindedness.
The most carefully guarded secret in the Thought Police.’s closet is that almost half of the Negroes treading
American sidewalks may be clinically diagnosed as “feeble-minded” (an I.Q. between 68 and 83). And IS percent more are classified as ‘ ‘moron’ ’ (an I.Q. between 52 and 67). This means that 13 out of 20, or 65 percent, fit these two categories, (p.71, Black Intelligence In White Society)
Since this is supported by a simply staggering amount of scientific evidence, it is not “racist” to ask: WHAT ELSE CAN NEGROES DO BUT FAIL IN A WHITE SOCIETY THAT EXPECTS THEM TO MEET WHITE STANDARDS?
We should recognize this truth, and fix it so they don’t fail. How? Easy. It all starts with telling the truth.
91 OTHER COUNTRIES SOLVE THEIR LOW 1.0. PROBLEM BECAUSE THEY TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT IT
France, Germany, Switzerland, Japan, etc. are more honest than America is about such matters, and thus are way ahead of us.
These countries steer low I.Q. people into appropriate jobs such as farm labor, dish washing, garbage collection, pushing people into subway cars at rush hour, and the like. Little stigma is attached to these menial workers, and they are given real respect.
Why are they treated with dignity? Because they perform essential services, not government make-work. Because they are tax-paying citizens helping pull the welfare wagon, not sitting on their duff, riding in it.
This system is successful with low I.Q. overseas and can work here. (For more information on this subject see p.36. Insight magazine, January 13,1992).
101 AMERICAN SCIENTISTS ARE AFRAID TO TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT LOW NEGRO LO. DUE TO THE GALILEO FACTOR
Privately, most American experts agree that low Negro I.Q. is the reason for Negro failure in this society, not “white racism.” But it is politically incorrect to say so. Thus, there is a huge, deafening roar of public silence from the experts due to the “Galileo” factor. Heroes they are not.
They are not alone in this regard. Neither is White America. Which is why the second civil race war is just over the horizon.
Ill AMERICA IS AT THE SECOND FORK IN OUR NATIONAL ROAD
America is at the second foric in our national road. The first fork led to the first civil race war, which cost six hundred and twenty thousand lives. We are standing at the second fork leading to the second civil race war, where sixty two million may die.
We can take the right road to truth and safety, but it is politically in-correct. Or we can take the left road to lies and destruction, but is correct politically.
We shall now discuss each road
in turn.
121 THE RIGHT ROAD LEADING TO TRUTH AND SAFETY IS ADMITTING THE LOW NEGRO LO PROBLEM
America is in the same psychological state of denial about low Negro I.Q., as an alcoholic is about alcohol. Until an alcoholic takes the first step out of denial and admits he’s an alcoholic, he cannot take the second step and solve his drinking problem.
In just the same way, until we take the first step out of denial and admit we have a low Negro I.Q. problem, we cannot take the second step and solve it. Its tough to fix something if you won’t admit it’s broke.
Even though such an admission is scientifically correct, it would be politically in-correct, and you would be called “racist.” This word stops all scientific progress in America, because free speech has gone with the wind.
son for Negro failure? It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out that few cover stories work better than “white racism.” Ably assisted by their media megaphones, the Democratic party has succeeded in fooling the American people that “white racism” is the reason for Negro failure.
This has occurred even though many respected, world-famous Negro scholars like Dr. Thomas Sowell, Dr. Walter Williams, Dr. Glen Loury, Professor Shelby Steel, Robert Woodson, etc., admit white racism has declined dramatically. If space permitted, the NAAWP News could cite a simply staggering amount of testimony from well-qualified Negro writers and thinkers that racism is not what is holding back American Negroes.
But the Thought Police and their media megaphones are still able to con White America into thinking they are the cause of Negro failure. Such is the power of the far left. New York liberal, Marxist controlled media to brainwash the people.
Delighted to be taken off the hook of personal responsibility by bogus ‘ ‘white racism, ’ ’ Negroes gratefully vote en bloc for the liberal Democratic ticket.
Delighted to be elected. Democratic politicians gratefully give Negroes quota $$ payola, permanent welfare, and so on. Thus, round and round goes the racial $$ preference industry, paid for by white tax dollars.
What is so terrible about counterfeit “white racism” is that more and more Negroes are believing it. Using fake white racism to cover up low Negro I.Q.
LA. State Director, Phillip R. Elmore, ad- has horrible ^nsequence of dressing a cheering crowd at a recent fueling Negro ra8e at lte rally, urges "taking to the streets."	America.
= 141
So just as in Galileo’s day, once more the light of science is suppressed by the closed-minded intolerance of political correctness.
Thus there will be no first step, there will be no scientific light shed, there will be only the darkness of ignorance. This darkness is not breeding solutions, only worsening race relations. Why? Plain old political $$ greed.
13t THE THOUGHT POLICE COVER UP LOW NEGRO LO. BY BLAMING WHITE RACISM FOR NEGRO FAILURE
The Democratic political party has a problem. The Negro vote is one fourth of their total. It is the largest single interest group in the party. As such, what Negroes want, Negroes get. But they bring a public relations problem with them.
Negro failure in this society is as obvious as an elephant in the room. It is politically incorrect to admit the real reason - low I.Q. -however, because its tough to tell someone he is feebleminded, and then ask for his vote.
So how to cover up the real rea-
THE LIE OF WHITE RACISM IS CAUSING NEGRO RAGE AT WHITE AMERICA TO BOIL OVER
To understand Negro rage, it is important for white people, to the best of their ability, to look at the world through Negro eyes.
To visualize what this would look like, suppose you are a Negro youth who has been lied to by the Democratic political party and their media megaphones all your life. Suppose that from knee high, you have been told that all your troubles are caused - not by low I.Q. - but by the unfair white power structure. Over and over again it has been pounded into you that you are a victim of unjust white oppression. Enter victimology.
In exchange for their votes, Negroes are given government certified victim status. If you are a Negro youth, this means that as far back as you can remember, all you’ve heard is that you are entitled to reparations, including promotion on the basis of race rather than mere personal striving and merit.
Suppose further you have been
told that because you are a government certified victim, you are exempted from the traditional, middle-class American values of hard work and obeying the law. Your ancestors were also victims, dragged over here in chains, against their will. This makes you an African-American political prisoner in a foreign land of white racists. Therefore your criminal behavior is not criminal behavior - it is justified rebellion against the white devil slave-masters who are the cause of all your suffering. Therefore when you rob, rape and kill whites, you are not morally wrong. Actually, it is the other way around. You are an avenging angel sent by God to punish whites for sins - past and present -against your race.
Suppose further you find support for these views in your school experience, because you are unable to do well. It is only reasonable for you to conclude that something phony in the school system, like racism, is frustrating your education.
Like a constant drum beat pounding in your ears, over and over again -night and day, day and night - you hear the same message: you are a government certified victim of white racism.
From all quarters, the news media, white liberals, civil rights activists, religious leaders, community leaders, poverty pimps, race-baiting Afro-racist politicians, rap musicians, radio, TV, movies, and so on - all preach the same message -innocent Negroes like yourself are being victimized all day, every day, by evil whites. White racism is aft over the p\ace. It is everywhere you look. There simply is no escaping it It’s hopeless. You will never eet awav from evil white racism. You are lost, just lost
If you were a young Negro, how would you size this up? What would your world view be?
It would only be natural for you to go along with what you’ve been told. Everyone you know goes along with the victimology program, why not you? What are you trying to do, “act white?” What are you anyway, an “oreo,” black on the outside, white on the inside? Are you a race traitor? An Uncle Tom? Enter peer pressure.
Peer pressure is an awesome, powerful force almost impossible for anyone — black, white or green — to resist. Thus you go along to get along. You conclude that some evil white conspiracy is secretly working against you. Naturally enough, this fills you with rising rage at White America.
ISt THE LIE OF WHITE RACISM IS CAUSING NEGRO CRIME
What do you do with your anger? Like your soul brothers and role models in South Africa, you. rebel, of course. In school, lest it be thought you are “acting white” by learning, you fail. You remain functionally illiterate, but that’s OK, this makes just like your South African soul brothers.
To say this another way, as a political act of defiance, you deliberately
NAAWP News 2
make yourself unemployable so you have to rob to eat. You do drugs, you sell drugs to pay for your habit. And every chance you get, you take to the streets to riot, rape, pillage, bum, loot.
Do you feel guilty? Hell no! Your crime is not crime - it is justified rebellion against white injustice and oppression. The result? The nearly vertical Negro crime rate, the second skeleton in the Thought Police’s closet.
161 THE LIE OF WHITE RACISM IS CAUSING THE NEARLY VERTICAL NEGRO CRIME RATE AND RAPE OF WHITE WOMEN
Noted author William Tucker had the courage to expose this skeleton, and the well respected Commentary magazine had the chutzpah to publish it. In the January 1993 issue Mr. Tucker writes, “What is unique about this crime wave is that it has been confined almost completely to black juvenile males. The statistical lines for ‘white’ and ‘other’ - Hispanic, Oriental, American Indian, etc., are almost perfectly flat... But the arrest rates for blacks has gone NEARLY VERTICAL! (emphasis added).
There is more. Nationally syndicated columnist, noted conservative writer and thinker, former aide to Presidents Nixon and Reagan, 1992 Presidential candidate, and current co-host of CNN’s “Crossfire,” Patrick Buchanan writes, “Crime is primarily a black phenomenon. Translated for a person standing on a street comer at night, this means that if a young black or young white male, sidles up to ask directions, and one of the two is a robber, rapist or killer, the odds are at least 11-to-l it is the black male. Interracial crime is almost always black on white. Nine out of ten are by blacks against whites.” (5/7/89 article in the New York Post)
Now for the shocker. Veteran journalist Jared Taylor writes in his massively researched, well-documented book, “In 1988 there were 9,406 cases of black-on-white rape and fewer than ten cases of white-on-black rape. Blacks are now 50 times more likely to have syphilis than whites.” (p.93, p.l Paved With Good Intentions, 1992, Carroll & Graf Publishers, Inc.).
171 THE LIE OF WHITE RACISM IS CAUSING NEGRO RAPE WARFARE AGAINST WHITE AMERICA
The FBI rape statistics quoted above, translated for the man in the street, mean that for every Negro raped, there are 1,000 white women raped. To visualize this, think of 1,000 women who had suffered interracial rape lining both sides of the street for two city blocks. Nine hundred and ninety nine of these women would be white, and only one would be Negro. And Negro rapists are fifty TIMES - not fifty percent - but fifty TIMES more likely to have syphilis than whites (The ratio is even higher for AIDS).
And you think race war hasn’t already started? Ask the woman in your
life what she thinks. None of this is accidental. It is all part of the ‘ ‘Black Power’ ’ movement secretly supported by the Democratic political party and their media megaphones. Why? The more powerful and numerous Negroes grow, the more votes they cast, of course.
In Soul on Ice - a best seller in the Sixties and still taught in most college Afro-racist courses today - “Black Panther Eldridge Cleaver argued that it was a political act for a black man to rape a white woman, protesting against his oppression and striking out against his oppressor.” (p.49. National Review, March 15,1993)
This is exactly what the 1988 FBI statistics quoted above prove is already happening. Wake up White America! The second civil race war has already started It’s in the opening phase. Diseased, low I.Q. Negroes are waging rape warfare against white women, just as Black Power leader Eldridge Cleaver ordered.
Why is this happening? Why are Negroes so angry they are doing this? To repeat, because all their life they’ve been told the lie that white racism is the cause of their troubles. Now we are reaping what we have sown. The consequences of this lie are simply immense. By using white racism to cover up our dirty little national secret of low Negro I.Q., we are going to reap the whirlwind, we are going to destroy this civilization.
181 JUSTICE EXPOSING OUR DIRTY LITTLE NATIONAL SECRET CAN COME FROM THE BALLOT BOX
Justice exposing the truth about low Negro I.Q. can come in only two ways. The first is within the constitution, under our present form of government, and from the ballot box.
Currently white voters lie scattered in pieces all over the political map like Humpty-Dumpty. To take the right road to truth and national safety, whites merely have to get it together and vote along racial lines.
But there is a problem. With few exceptions, white people are too immobilized by the fear of being called ‘ ‘racist’ ’ to do this common sense act of self-preservation.
Therefore, justice exposing our dirty little national secret will come the second way.
191 JUSTICE EXPOSING OUR DIRTY LITTLE NATIONAL SECRET WILL COME FROM THE BARREL OF A GUN
The second way is outside the constitution, with a new form of government, and from the barrel of a gun.
The second way has already started. The second civil race war has already begun. It is in the first, unorganized phase of individual rape, robbeiy and murder of whites as ordered by Black Panther leader Eldridge Cleaver, and seconded by Malcolm X.
The second phase of organized all-out race war is out of sight, just over the
horizon. Many, many people feel it bearing down on us like an invisible Mack truck. This fact is reflected in the public opinion polls. Every poll, without exception, shows between 70 and 80 percent of the people feel this country is “headed in the wrong directioa”
Now they don’t come right out and say,1 ‘we’re headed for race war,’ ’ for fear of being called a “racist.” But this is what they mean.
When the coming bloodbath is over, this country will be unrecognizable. A grim dictatorship will have emerged to prosecute the war. America will be piled high with corpses and burnt to a crisp. The only bright spot among the smoldering ruins will be the bodies of the Thought Police and their media megaphones. Hurrah! They will finally have received their justice - straight from the barrel of a gun. 201 WHITE *‘TOUGH LOVE” IS NEEDED TO STOP THE COMING RACE WAR. NEGRO CRIME AND WELFARE ABUSE
To avoid the coming race war, first the truth must be told about low Negro I.Q., and steps taken to deal with it as outlined above.
Second, the nearly vertical Negro crime rate must be suppressed. Negroes need to be told - with whatever force is required - that crime is crime, not “justified rebellion” against trumped-up white racism.
Third, all able-bodied people, no matter what color, must be invited out of the welfare wagon. Fairness to taxpayers requires everyone pay their own way with work suitable to their abilities, as is done in other countries. It works overseas and can work here.
These three steps can be thought of as giving Negroes “tough love” at the ballot box.
Will this happen? Not likely.
211 FEAR OF BEING CALLED “RACIST” PREVENTS WHITES FROM VOTING ALONG RACIAL LINES
The white race may be more gifted intellectually than the Negro, but white people are proving themselves more stupid.
At long last, Negroes have been given equal opportunity to play the political game, and boy-oh-boy are they playing it! Instead of being scattered like white Humpty-Dumpties, they have it together and vote in a racial block to increase their clout. Racial solidarity at the ballot box allows them to eat White America’s lunch.
literally.
Whites, on the other hand, do not pick up their scattered Humpty-Dumpty pieces. They do not come together and increase their clout by voting in a racial bloc. Why? Because they are afraid of being called ‘ ‘racist’ ’ if they vote along racial lines.
221 FEAR OF BEING CALLED “RACIST” KEEPS WHITES PAYING NEGROES TO EAT US ALIVE AND RAPE OUR WOMEN FOR DESSERT
The government lies through its teeth about the true cost of welfare. But that is another story (for more information on this subject, see p. 13, The Coming American Race War, by the undersigned writer, paul alien, 1993, as advertised in the NAAWP News).
What is clear is that thanks to uncounted, covered up, hidden, secret billions upon billions of dollars of welfare, Negroes are breeding so fast, are causing so much urban blight, they are gobbling up White America like an insatiable pacman gone wild.
Are they grateful? Hell no! To repeat, because we have covered up low Negro I.Q. with the lie of white racism, Negroes hate whites more and more every day. Remember, FBI reports on interracial crime show that 9 out of 10 crimes are by Negroes against whites, and 999 out of 1,000 rapes are by Negroes against whites. And Negro rapists are fifty TIMES - not fifty percent - but fifty TIMES more likely to have syphilis that whites (The ratio is even higher for AIDS. The NAAWP News challenges you to show these figures to the woman in your life and ask if she thinks the race war has already started or not).
To say this another way, the fear of being called “racist” keeps whites paying untold, uncounted, secret mountains of welfare $$ dollars to Negroes to eat us alive, and rape our women for dessert. 231 FEAR OF BEING CALLED “RACIST” LETS NEGROES HEARD WHITES OFF THE CLIFF INTO A NEW DARK AGE
Whites are allowing themselves to be herded like sheep over the cliff into a new dark age.
And what monstrous, gigantic secret weapon are grinning Afro-racists using to drive us to our destruction? History will record the simply astonishing fact that what destroyed American civilization was the simple little six letter word
continued on page 6
f MOVING? Let us know before you go! ^ 1 We don't want you to miss one issue of the NAAWP News! 1 ■ Your name			
Old Address			
jNo.& Street (incl. RR, Apt. or Box #)			
icity	St	Zip	
New Address			
■No.& Street (incl. RR, Apt. or Box #)			
Icitv	St	Zip	J
			
NAAWP News 3
WHY IS THE NAAWP NECESSARY?
The NAAWP is the National Association for the Advancement of White People. It maintains that there should be equal rights and opportunities for all, including Whites! It believes that White people need to defend and preserve their civil rights, heritage, and basic interests, just as Negroes and other non-Whites do.
White people now face the most extensive racial discrimination in American history. Far from slowing down, anti-white "affirmative action" and "quotas" are secretly, silently being accelerated behind the scenes by unelected judges and bureaucrats. It is true that some Negroes faced discrimination in the past, but it was limited because it was primarily practiced on an individual basis in the private sector. Today, the federal government is forcing an across-the-board racial discrimination in employment, promotions, scholarships, and in college and union admittance. This anti-white racism is called "affirmative action," and it is pervading all sectors of our national life, including civil service, military, education and business. And no one should harbor the illusion that it simply favors equally qualified Negroes, for it consistently favors less qualified Negroes over better qualified, harder working Whites. These racist programs against excellence and quality are grossly unfair to whites who have worked and studied harder, and are nothing more than a political payoff for the Negro block vote. They drive down moral and cost effectiveness and send jobs, entire industries overseas. For example, it is well known but hardly ever said that affirmative action in Detroit sent the auto industry to Japan.
Much more is at stake than jobs; indeed, our very way-of-life is in question. If immigration and welfare-financed birthrate continue, America will soon become a Third World country. That is, White people will become outnumbered and totally vulnerable to the political control of non-Whites. Given their media-incited rage at White America, they are going to disappear us — make no mistake about that.
If breeds of life like the blue whale, the rocky mountain cougar, or even the tiny breed of fish called the snail darter are worth preserving, shouldn’t a beautiful and creative people such as the White race also be worthy of our concern?
There is no doubt that White people have lost and continue to lose many of their civil rights every day, that we are victims of violent racist assaults (9 out of 10 interracial crimes are by Negroes against Whites), that our culture and history are being twisted and put down by the mass media Thought Gestapo, that hard-working, productive Americans are being financially stripped by high taxes for wasteful welfare programs, and that our nation is being swamped by immigration. Each of these conditions should make it abundantly clear why we need the NAAWP...to change them!
The NAAWP is absolutely necessary if the rights of our people are to be defended, if our heritage is to be preserved, and if our very lives are to be saved from skyrocketing Negro crime.
NAAWP PRINCIPLES
EQUAL RIGHTS FOR ALL, SPECIAL PRIVILEGES FOR NONE
We demand an immediate end to racial discrimination and quotas against White people in employment, promotions, scholarships, and in union and college admittance. We demand that American government, military, education and business once more make excellence the sole criterion for advancement.
END FORCED BUSING AND INTEGRATION
We demand that busing and forced integration be ended immediately. Jamming the races together by armed governmental might has destroyed education, our cities, and now our suburbs and countryside. It has increased racial tension and violence to the point where there is a secret, silent race war going on, with 9 out of 10 interracial crimes being committed by Negroes against Whites.
TOTAL WELFARE REFORM
The present welfare system rips off the productive white majority. It is true that Whites are on welfare, but proportionally, Negroes are vastly overrepresented. The truth is that welfare is purely and simply a political payoff for the Negro block vote. Instead of alleviating poverty in the welfare liesure class, it is only increasing it. We demand that two fundamental solutions be implemented at once:
1) End aH forms of welfare for the able-bodied. The bribe of welfare is the lifeblood of the underclass. As Micky Kaus says, "it is simply stupid to pretend that the underclass is not mainly black. Although only 12 percent of the population, African Americans make up over 60 percent of those on welfare for a long time. It is a culture that defines itself by its rejection of mainstream norms and attitudes.
Succeeding in school, or learning the polite language of commerce is scorned as "acting white."(p. 106, 236, "The End of Equality," 1992, Basic Books). The intentionally illiterate underclass depends upon a high birthrate to maximize its welfare benefits. Welfare has become the best guaranateed source of income for underclass households, needing nothing more than a steady stream of pregnancies sired by a variety of temporary male companions who cannot be held responsible for supporting their illegitimate offspring. Breeding as quickly as they can has become the outstanding "natural resource" in underclass neighborhoods. Welfare is how the welfare liesure class survives and multiplies. It is the most rapidly expanding segment of the population because unwed teenage -mother baby factories are
actually federally supported projects. The underclass was a tiny minority in the 1960's, but thanks to bribing Negros to breed as fast as possible, it now is the dominant culture in most cities, controlling city government. The result of Negro control? Education has gone into the toilet and our accumulated urban treasure has been turned into vast wastelands.
2) Change welfare, and the underclass will have to change as well. Three decades of liberal Democratic welfare state social engineering have transformed inner city poor people into a shiftless, lazy criminal underclass who are intentionally illiterate to justify robbing to eat. Society must reverse that process or be destroyed. Eliminate welfare and you will eliminate the underclass. Even low-income Negroes are increasingly finding out what conservatives have been saying for years —that Great Society social programs created a cancer that is eating this country alive.
CRACKDOWN ON VIOLENT CRIME
We demand swift and sure punishment of violent criminals, with long prison terms by using vacant facilities and already-on-the-payroll military as guards. We demand an end to the double standard which exempts inner city Negroes from ordinary measures of decency. They now think themselves as a group of victims ABOVE the law and entitled to riot to enforce their demands for permanent welfare without work. We demand local police be given more community support in their defense of the potential victim.
There is only one way to stop a riot, and that is for authorities to issue the order, "shoot to kill." We demand this order be given and highly publicized before, not after, our accumulated urban treasure is destroyed in the flames of media-incited Negro criminal behavior and/or riots.
NO MORE IMMIGRATION
We believe that America, Canada, and Europe already have the maximum population for the maintenance of good economic health. Legal and illegal aliens are increasing unemployment among citizens, adding to already overburdened welfare rolls, and contributing to violent crime. The time has come to demand enforcement of our laws concerning illegal immigration and to severely limit legal immigration.
PRESERVATION OF THE WHITE RACE AND ITS HERITAGE
We believe that all peoples on the planet must have the right to life, that is, the right to exist and preserve their cultural integrity. We do not object to the Negro groups having Negro beauty contests, Negro radio stations, Negro colleges or Negro scholarships. Nor do we object to Negroes teaching their young about Negro heritage and instilling Negro pride in them, but we do demand the same rights for our own people, for we deeply love the beauty, culture and the heritage of the White race, and we want-to preserve them.
EXCELLENCE IN ALL THINGS
We believe in a society where the young are educated to the best of their ability, a society in which the best qualified, hardest working, and most talented are rewarded commensurate with their contribution to the nation. We believe in equal justice under the law, not the current double standard where the government favored Negro minority is exempted from effective riot control measures in return for their bloc vote.
We believe in equal opportunity and rights for all, special privileges for none, as the fairest means of determining the best in any field. Fairness enables the men and women of quality, regardless of race, to step forward and serve the ideal of a higher humanity. Those who fail to apply themselves to the tools provided by a level playing field deserve to suffer the consequences of their slothful behavior.
WHAT ARE THE MAJOR DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE NAA WPAND THE NAACP?
The NAACP promotes Afro- racism by obtaining thru legal blackmail and threats, discriminatory policies against white people in employment, promotions, scholarships, and in college and union admittance. The NAAWP, on the other hand, seeks equal opportunity for all, special privileges for none. We feel the preference should go to the hardest working, most talented, and best qualified.
The NAACP bribes politicians with their bloc vote and obtains forced integration and busing through governmental armed might. The NAAWP, on the other hand, believes that in a free society, people should have the freedom to choose their associations. There is nothing wrong with people of any race associating with their own kind; the overwhelming majority of Negroes and whites will choose such a course when they have the freedom to do so. The greatest source of racial dynamite is forcing different peoples together apainst their will
NAAWP New* 4
NAACP PROMOTES RACIALHA TRED, NAA WP DOES NOT
Through a never-ending recital of alleged white oppression against Negroes, the NAACP promotes an atmosphere of resentment and hatred toward whites with false charges of permanent white racism, and permanent Negro victimization. Many prominent Negroes have risen to the top of their professions, and are thus expert witnesses in calling these charges transparently false. Although they accuse the NAACP leadership as corrupt and out-of-touch with their own membership, these charges continue to be amplified by NAACP's media megaphone and guilt-ridden liberals. The problem is that these false accusations are believed by increasing numbers of Negroes, causing the rapidly escalating racial hatred and resentment against whites that is now overtaking the Negro community.
The NAAWP, on the other hand, seeks greater racial understanding and goodwill by showing that there is now equal opportunity, and American Negroes have the highest standard of living, the greatest educational and employment opportunity, and by far the most democratic and civil rights of any Negroes anywhere in the world.
SHOULD NOT NEGROES BE GIVEN PREFERENTIAL TREA TMENT O VER WHITES TO COMPENSATE FOR PAST INJUSTICES?
In short, that argument is like saying that whites should be punished today because a few whites in the past oppressed Negroes. There is no system of justice in the world that sanctions the punishment of children for the sins of their ancestors. And, if it is appropriate to punish whites today because a small number practiced slavery over a hundred years ago, why shouldn’t Negroes be punished for their ancestors’ record of slavery, brutality, and oppression in Africa for at least the last ten thousand years? No people’s human rights record is without blemish, including Negroes, but no people have contributed more to the wellbeing of all the peoples of the earth than the Caucasian.
WHAT ABOUT THE OTHER SIDE OF THE EQUA TION? WHITES HA VE BROUGHT CIV1-LIZA TION TO SA VAGES
In the creation and spreading of the concepts of freedom and democratic principles, education, the arts, medicine, technology and science, whites have played an indispensable role, one for which our children should certainly not be punished.
White Europeans have brought literacy to societies that had no written language, concepts of justice to tribes that knew no law except of the mighty and brutal, principles of freedom to lands that have known nothing but tyranny from the beginning of time.
DOESN'T THE NAA WP PROMOTE HA TE?
If the NAACP pushes for Negro civil rights, Negro interests, and attempts to instill pride in their children - and then advocates discrimination against whites, the mass media and government refer to it as love and brotherhood. If a white dares to defend white civil rights, white interests, and attempts to instill white pride in his children - and opposes racial discrimination against anyone, it’s called hate and bigotry. The real hatred rests with the professional Afro-racists.
MEDIA DISCRIMINATES AGAINST WHITES
Whites face a very powerful cultural discrimination by the tiny, non-Christian, non-European minority in control, sitting in the driver's seat at the top of the mass media pyramid. T urn on your television any night of the week and you can be sure that at least one of the stations will have a show portraying whites as charging innocent minorities with crimes they didn’t commit, trying to cheat them out of their money or land, or violently oppressing them. A constant stream of movies, television programs, and novels advance this theme of the corrupt, thoroughly bad white person oppressing innocent minorities.
It is all left-wing Storm Trooper propaganda. As proved by the heavily researched blockbuster new book.
"Paved with Good Intentions," when real events are made into "docudramas," almost every time changes are made to improve the images of Negroes. The changes are consistent: An unattractive character is changed to a white, and attractive characters become Negro.
For example, although the vast majority of people on death row are Negro, a white was made the subject of a movie about a man awaiting execution. In real life, less than half of the people arrested for murder are white. In TV dramas, 90 percent of the people arrested for murder are white.
The Howard Beach killing was made into a 2 hour propaganda film about racist white people that twisted the facts at every turn to discredit whites. White brutality is deliberately exaggerated. For example, in real life, the Negro who was beaten needed 5 stitches; on TV he gets a concussion and needs 67 stitches. The TV show was not even truthful. In real life, 3 Negroes walked in front of a
car driven by some white teenagers, shouted "F___you,
honky," flashed a knife, thrust their heads through a window and spat in the face of one of the whites. On TV,
the negroes do not walk in front of the car, do not say "F_
you, honky," do not flash a knife, do not spit in anyone's face; in fact, they do not do anything at all. The whites deliberately try to run them down, and shout "Get out of the neighborhood, niggers," a line invented purely for TV.
A recent TV "docudrama" of the 1965 Los Angeles Watts riots painted the same propaganda picture of white wickedness and black heroics and innocence. If we had the space, we could go on and on. Please be advised that we have absolute proof of everything we say.
Books and movies such as these by the liberal media Thought Police are not only demeaning to whites, they foster hatred in minorities and incite them to violence against White America. This is evidenced by the fact that 9 out of 10 interracial attacks are by Negroes against whites.
The non-Christian, non-European dominated media have inspired a collective guilt among Christian whites for real and imagined exploitation of non-whites, while failing to point out the great achievements and benevolence of the Caucasian people, a people who have contributed so much to human betterment.
NAA WP DEMANDS THE RACE OF CRIMINAL AND VICTIM BE MADE PUBLIC
As Patrick J. Buchanan reported, "Back around I960, the press stopped identifying criminals and their victims by race. The stated purpose: avoid racial disharmony, avoid creating stereotypes." Has it worked? Positively not. Thanks to media-incited hatred of whites, this country is on the brink of race war. Why? Because White backlash against Negro crime is like a huge tidal wave secretly, silently rising up and blocking out the sun.
Because the media deliberately cover up the almost vertical Negro arrest rates, Negroes think they are doing nothing to cause increasing white hostility. They believe the media Big Lie of themselves being the innocent victims of permanent white racism. This bold-faced media lie must be exposed to save the country from explosion.
The truth is that although they are only 12 percent of the population, most violent criminals are Negro. Their arrest rates are verified by victims' reports, so they do not represent bias in arrests. The media Thought Gestapo have insulted Negroes and Whites alike with the nitwit idea that to identify crime by race is to divide the races. To think this is, if not stupid, at least neurotic.
This is why NAAWP demands the race of the criminal and victim again be made public from police reports. Then for the first time since 1960, there would be official confirmation of what everybody knows privately, that crime, in the words of Pat Buchanan, "is primarily a black phenomenon."
This bright sunshine would melt the dark media camouflage covering up the main source of the crime wave
destroying our civilization as we know it - the Negro community. When the truth that most crime is committed by Negroes as a group is made public, they will no longer be able to hold out one hand as a group for racial spoils, while robbing and killing whites with the other. They would have to start obeying the law as a group or lose public support for the system now in place of racial spoils, bribes and blackmail.
NAAWP DEMANDS MARTIAL LAW BE DECLARED IN AREAS WHERE CRIME IS OUT OF CONTROL
For example, if crime did not decrease in an area officially designated as "out of control," either Negro, White, or both, martial law could be declared and ordinary civil liberties suspended until crime decreased. Police could be given wide powers to arrest and search without warrant persons, cars, and homes for drugs and guns. Gatherings and processions could be outlawed, and nonresidents ordered out. A curfew could require residents to be in their homes from 9 p.m. to 4 a.m unless they could show a valid reason to be on the streets.
Finally, and most importantly, welfare checks, food stamps, rent vouchers, free medical care, etc., to that zip code could be suspended until crime decreased. Hitting the residents in the pocketbook would have the immediate effect of forcing them to cooperate with the police and give up criminals, instead of the non-cooperation and shielding of criminals now running rampant in every inner city.
Those who think the above is too harsh, think again. It is the future, striding toward us from over the horizon with giant steps. This civilization is rapidly reverting to Old West frontier conditions due to the tribal warfare now being waged by Negroes against White America.
NAA WP NEIGHBORHOOD WA TCH GROUPS
NAAWP is forming Neighborhood Watch groups for self-defense. It is Old West self-defense, or frontier self-defense, or vigilante self-defense. Call it what you will, it is justice. For White America, vigilante justice is preferable to no justice at all. Everyone knows the government is paralyzed, unwilling to act against the favored, protected Negro minority preying on White America. Remember, overwhelming evidence proves that 9 out of 10 interracial crimes are by Negroes against Whites.
Make no mistake about it. NAAWP advocates the power of lethal force in society be reserved to government, not the individual. But when political whores sell White safety for Negro votes. White Americans are perfectly justified in reclaiming their natural right to defend themselves.
This is what NAAWP Neighborhood Watch groups are all about. They are for self defense only. They are organized along the lines of an infantry rifle squad - that is, not more than 9 or 10 members. Every member is equal and eye-level, but for administrative purposes, one is the squad leader. Just as at the start of the last civil war, he/she is elected by popular vote. Each member agrees to work in a legal, non-violent, democratic and honorable manner for White civil rights within the Constitution, not without; to support the law, not break it; to be willing to die to preserve the White race, yet be respectful to other races. Each member exchanges phone numbers, and when trouble starts, all come running to the flash point. Each squad protects their own members and/or neighborhood. All squad members for one, and one for all. Period. When you are in a life or death situation, the rest of the world can go straight to hell! No one is permitted to join the squad you would not hang out with. The vote to let him in must be unanimous. Anyone who has served in a front line infantry rifle squad in combat will tell you that you need to get along with the guy you may face death with. The motto of the NAAWP Neighborhood Watch is SEMPER FIDELIS: always faithful (motto of the U.S. Marine Corps).
NAAWP NewaS
continued from page 3
To the delighted amazement of Afro-racists, all they have to do is hurl the word “racist” in our direction and we turn tail like sheep, run to the cliff and leap off.
This is like an elephant, terrified upon seeing a mouse, turning tail and running up a tree. The elephant is ridiculous, and so are white people.
241 WHITE FEAR OF THE WORD “RACIST” IS SO RIDICULOUS IT CANNOT BE CONTAINED IN WORDS
Never in the history of the world has there been a people so deserving of all the human suffering their lack of courage, their lack of common sense, is bringing down upon their heads. Future historians will laugh themselves silly and shake their heads in amazement that all it took to bring down White America was the fear of being called “racist” by - guess who? - Afro-racists.
Simply put, fear of the word ‘ ‘racist’ ’ on the part of whites - as fear of a mouse on the part of an elephant -is so ridiculous it cannot be contained in words.
251 SOMETHING HAS HAPPENED TO MODERN WHITE PEOPLE
For all of the above reasons, the author of this article has no pity for the coming destruction of White America. I want the reader to know that white people today are not the same as the army buddies who died in my arms in the fiery hell of Korea in 1951. Something has happened to whites since then. In the 1990s, I am ashamed to be a white man.
White people richly deserve what they are going to get - and are going to get what they richly deserve. And what is that, you ask?
Minority status. The rage filled Negro pacman minority is breeding so fast it is soon going to be the majority. This means ever more robbery, ever more murder, ever more rape.
261 FEAR OF BEING CALLED *‘RACIST*’ IS MAKING THE FUTURE OF WHITE CHILDREN NOT WORTH LIVING.
The ones I feel sorry for are white children. They deserve better parents than what they have. They will never have the chance to be what they could have been. The life they face due to their parent’s fear of being called ‘ ‘racist’ ’ will not be worth living.
The lights are going out all over a swiftly darkening America. A new dark age of “Black Power” is dawning where wolf packs of Negro rapists will hunt down white women and do unspeakable acts right in the street as a political protest against bogus, trumped-up white racism. They are already doing it.
And what will white men do? What they do now, of course. And that is nothing. White men won’t take the to streets to defend their women, they won’t march, they won’t demonstrate, they won’t vote along racial lines, they won’t join the NAAWP (the only legitimate, non-violent white civil rights organization in the country).
White men will watch their women being violated right before their eyes, and not say a word. Why? Because they are struck deaf and dumb by fear of being called ‘ ‘racist’ ’ if they protest. Thus life will be an unspeakable horror. Better these white children never been born.
271 IF JESUS CAME BACK TODAY. HE WOULD BE CALLED A “RACIST” FOR TEUJNfi THF TRUTH ABOUT LOW NEGRO LO.
If white men will not stand up for their women, they will not stand up for Jesus Christ either. 2,000 years ago Jesus said, “You shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free.”
If He said the same thing today about low Negro
I.Q., the Thought Police and their media megaphones would call him a “racist” and condemn Him. And those who supported Jesus would be called “racist” also.
281 WHITE PEOPLE WOULD LET JESUS BE CRUCIFIED ALL OVER AGAIN RATHER THAN BE CALLED “RACIST”
Rather than be called “racist,” modem white people would renounce Jesus. They would turn their back on him. They would let him stand alone and be crucified all over again.
Such is the power the word “racist” holds over White America.
291 WHEN EVERYONE CAN PROUDLY PROCLAIM “IAMA RACIST.” IT WILL BE HEAVEN ON EARTH
There will be peace on earth and goodwill toward men when every human being on the planet can proudly say -1 am a racist -, when the racial differences are accepted just as we now accept that the earth revolves around the sun (do you feel inferior because our planet isn’t the center of our universe? Does Galileo’s discovery threaten you?).
We have accepted these facts and have used them for the greater glory of mankind. Our rocket program and trips to the moon would have never gotten off the ground unless we were willing to look through Galileo’s telescope.
Let’s look through the telescope of racial reality and face the real world.
ATTENTION
NAAWP is now offering advertisement space in our newspaper, the NAAWP News. This will be offered to businesses only, at a very reasonable rate. For specifics, please write (and also enclose business card) to: P O Box 10625, New Orleans, LA 70181, Attn: Ad Dept, or call (504) 831-6986 (24 hrs ).
Interracial Marriage — Forbidden by God! Very informative, 240-page book " Whom God has joined together?" $ 10.00 post-paid. Bible Restoration Ministries, P.O. Box 325, Royal Oak, MI 48068
DEBT, CRIME, IDIOTS in government and the REMEDY. Send a S.A.S.E. to: "Statesmanship," 1235 Newport Road, Manheim, PA 17545. 717-665-3157
Please patronize thesefine advertisers.
LOCAL LEADERS
Listed below arefour ofour many local NAA WP leaders who need your help today. These individuals have steppedforward to engage in pro-white activities on a local and regional level and are coordinated with the NAA WP National Headquarters on national and multi-regional activities. Contact your local NAA WP leader today and become active!
Michael McCombs	Pat Walz
P 0 Box 966	P	0	Box	9434
Westville, IN 46391 New Iberia, LA 70561
George Simon P 0 Box 947 Fort Lee, NJ 07024
Mark Thomas P 0 Box 182552 Arlington, TX 76096-2552
jj Every so often, a book comes along I which serves to obliterate the "prevailing I wisdom" of the day. In the sciences, espe-j cially the social sciences, dogma dies hard.
j Stepping up to deliver the death blow to | The Coming American I the dogma du jour is Paul R. Allen's I newest effort, "The Corning American ■ RACEWAR."
Documented are the reasons for this | bold forecast. Order your copy of this I best-seller today. Send $15.00 per copy I (please make checks payable to NAAWP)
| to: Box 10625, New Orleans, LA 70181.
• I have enclosed S
. Please rush me (qty.)
copies of NAAWP President
j Paul R. Allen's new book. | Name____________________
I Address_________________
| City____________________
paid by:____check
_____money order _
cash
bankcard
VISAorM/C#
I State, Zip
L....
171]
signature (for bankcard)
NAAWP News 6
^ Letters to the Editor m
In keeping with NAAWP’spolicy of strict member-confidentiality, we will identify all letter writers by thefirstthree digits of their zip codes only. Lack of space prevents us frompublishing more of the many fine letters NAAJVPews receives each month. The following letters reflect the feelings of many readers:
NAAWP NEEDS LOCAL LEADERS
A specter haunts the United States.
The specter is the destruction of our society. Ever since the 1960's civil rights sell-out created by the present political whorehouse, political prostitutes sell out white safety for Negro votes. As a result, we are not safe on our streets, in our homes, or in our schools from a Negro crime rate that has gone nearly vertical. We are fast sliding back into jungle savagery. Most inner cities are already there. The suburbs and the countryside are only a step behind.
All over the land, tiny streams of white backlash are rising up and joining together in a roaring wave. We are going to reverse the sell-out of our white way of life, our values, our civilization, and even our personal safety in the name of so-called civil rights.
The coming transformation of America is going to be a revolution within the Constitution, not without; a revolution to return to the Constitution, not to dismantle it.
The new NAAWP is leading this revolutionary wave to return to our roots. Those who love this country, and who love the founding heritage of America, join with us. We love our kind, our heritage, faith, culture, and traditions. They are the most important things in the world to us, and we are determined that they will be passed on to our children and generations beyond.
There is a cultural war going on in this country for the soul of America. The new NAAWP is leading this fight, and is willing to use, as Malcolm X was fond of saying, "any means necessary" to win this war. Nothing will supersede the deep instinct of self-preservation that bums in our hearts and minds. The time has come to stand together, united in our common cause, strengthened in our common resolve, inspired by our shared vision. The time has come, as Pat Buchanan said in addressing the 1992 Republican National Convention in Houston, to "take back our cities, and take back our culture, and take back our country."
We are the future. Join us. Become a local leader of the new NAAWP. Help form NAAWP Neighborhood Watch groups and hold public white civil rights rallies. All local leaders are paid a finders' fee and/or commission for every member they sign up. There is nothing wrong with saving the country and making money for it as well.
Like the Marines, we will accept only a few good men or women. Please send us the application below to be a Local Leader of the new NAAWP TODAY!
| Yes,______(please check) I want to become
I a local leader of NAAWP and hold public I white civil rights rallies. If I am not a ■ member, I will join now. [71]
I name______________________________________
I address_______________________________
I
I—-------------------------------------------
| ph# (day/nite)_____________________________
I send to: Box 10625, New Orleans, LA 70181
Dear NAAWP President Allen,
It was with some skepticism that I ordered your book. The Coming American Race War. I was half expecting a book on why we should all be racists.
I couldn't have been further from the truth. You hit the subject matter right on the head with facts and truths all Americans should be aware of.
891
Dear NAAWP Editor:
They must think were idiots! How, after reading Lani Guinier' written Afro-racist views, can these media bums conclude that she is for "democracy" and that we who are alarmed by her Black Power views are a bunch of kooks?
These media people are so blinded by libralism; they think we can be lulled by their lies and distortions of truth. Sadly, in far too many cases, they're correct.Most people in this country are blind, just blind.
60S
Dear NAAWP News,
Earlier this year, I ordered Mr. Allen's book. The Coming American Race War. At the time, I thought parts of it were a bit extreme, especially the part that deals with the machocompetitiveness he calls "male baboonry." He
claims increasingly savage black crimes will trigger the race war. I was turned offby some of the language and arguments. I must apologize.
Let me explain. Since reading it I have noticed, for the first time in my 53 years, events that Mr. Allen has said were happening. And his predictions of worsening race relations are right on too. We do seem to be heading straight for race war. I feel sad for my country.
For the sake of our future, we have got to stand up and stop groveling before every cry of "racism" by Afro-racists. I intend to begin with my own family by each of giving them a copy of Mr. Allen's book.
841
Dear Mr. Allen:
I read Jared Taylor's Paved with Good Intentions on your recommendation. Thank you for referring it to me. It is so heavily researched and well-documented that I can see why you use it as a reference manual.
979
Dear NAAWP,
I just wanted to say "thanks" for being there. We appreciate the work you do.
343
SEND A GIFT SUBSCRIPTION OF THE NAAWP NEWS!
A subscription to the NAAWP News makes a wonderful gift! Send NAA WPNews to a friend or family member who needs to know our message Please take a moment to fill out the form below and send $25.00for a one-year subscription, or $35.00for two full years of NAAWP News to: Box 10625, New Orleans, LA 70181
Gift For (1)			Gift For (1)		
Address			Address		
City	State	Zip	City	State	Zip
My name					
address	city	state	zip
paid by:________check	 money	order	 cash	_______bankcard
VISA or Mastercard#	expiration date	/
(circle one)
[71]	cardmember	signature
NAAWP News 7
NAAWP MERCHANDISE
Mail Order Form with payment to: P O Box 10625 New Orleans, LA
(504) 831-6986 (24 hrs.)
EQUAL RIGHTS FOR ALL
NAAWP
SPECIAL PRIVILEGES FOR NONE
BOX 10625 NEW ORLEANS LA 70181 5W-831-6986 24 HRS
NAAWP
NAAWP
BLACK OR WHITE T-SHIRTS (#5 TS) $16.00 COME IN SIZES S, M, L, XL,XXL &XXXL. LOGO SIZES ARE SMALL & LARGE (as shown)
SWEATSHIRTS (#6 SS) $20 each, same logo designs. Available in S, M, L, XL & XXL Tank-Tops (muscle shirts). They come in black or white, small or large logo sizes. Sizes available are: S, M, L, and XL only. (Item #7 TT) $13.00 each
[NAAM
AL
NAAWP Lapel Pins 3/4" in diameter (actual size shown) black background, white & gold lettering Very elegant! $10.00 each
NAAWP Baseball Caps Same design on front as Lapel Pin Made in the USA! Order yours today! Only $8.00 each
Ol
NAAWP
EQUAL RIGHTS FOR ALL SPECIAL PRIVILEGES FOR NONE
ACRYLIC KEY CHAINS Printed on both sides — $5.00 each
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF WHITE PEOPLE P O Box 10625 New Orleans, LA 70181 (504) 831-6986
NAAWP NEWS Page 8
MEMBERSHIP AND ORDER INFORMATION [71] Name	__________
Zip_
phone (_

YES, I want to help the NAAWP grow and expand. Enclosed is a contribution of $_______________________.
YES, I want to join the NAAWP today! I understand my membership includes a subscription (8 issues) to the NAAWP News. [71]
Enclosed is: (check one):
□$50.00 Regular Annual Membership
□$25.00 Senior Citizen [65 and over] membership (please enclose copy of date of birth or some form of positive ID)
□$25.00 Student Membership (please enclosed copy of Student ID) □$25.00 Law Enforcement Personnel (please enclose copy of ID)
YES, I would like to subscribe to the NAAWP News. [7i] Enclosed is (check one):
□	$25 for eight issues [1 year]
□	$35 for sixteen issues [2 years]
□	$35 for N-10 Pack (ten copies per issue, for eight issues)
□	$40 (U.S. $) foreign subscription for eight issues [1 year]
Make checks payable to NAAWP, or charge to your credit card. Give card information below. Contributions or payments are not deductible as charitable contributions for tax purposes.
T-Shirts (#5 TS)...$16.00 Tank-tops (#7 TT)...$13.00 Sweatshirts (#6 SS)...$20.00 [71]
Cards... 100/$5.00.. .500/$16.00... 1000/$25.00	Bumperstickers (#5 BS)...$1.25
Can cooler wrap-arounds (black, white logo, with velcro)...$2.50	ea.
NAAWP Lapel Pins......... $10.00
Key chains................$5.00
NAAWP Baseball Caps Logo same as lapel pin.$8.00
Spread the Message — Order Extra Copies
10 copies..........$8.00	50 copies........$25.00
100 copies......$35.00	500 copies.......$95.00
POSTAGE & HANDLING INCLUDED WITH PRICE OF NAAWP MERCHANDISE. YOUR PURCHASE ENABLES US TO GROW AND CONDUCT OUR VITAL WORK. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT.
DoVouBtltewIn Equal Rights for
Whites?
Join The
NAAWP
The Time is Now!
H1CC — Calling Card "Whites"
NAAWP Calling Cards
H2CC- Calling Card "NAAWP"
Aren't you bred ot your tea dollars being ueed to subeidue reverse discrimination, busing, underclass crime, weriere rgodi, third world immigration, and meearire legitimate birthrates? Are you disgusted with the anti-While American metfta? Do you want America to took Mia Haiti or Meno by the year 20207 Impossible? Not N present trends continue. Even the utiia-Mwal 7«nt Magazine conceded as much in an Apr! 1090 cover story torecaafcng this change by the year 2020.
The National Aeeodetton for Vie Advancement of While People (NAAWP) is determined to protscl our rights and preserve our rich heritage Want to heb? You can by spreadtag around more cards’ Order 100 lor and keep the chain going. Cal or write our MaMonol Headquarters lor more vdormakon
NAAWP -
IM 23. New Or tram. IA 7tlRI CAIX I-50M3I49M124 MOt/tSl
QUIZ:
ARK WHITK PEOPLE IN AMERICA HEADED TOWARD MINORITY STATUS?
hr p«* us Owmww mmu yw
ISM IM
#3CC- Calling Card "Quiz"
^ Text on backs of all cards
1 QUANTITY	NO. OF YEARS	U.S.	FOREIGN	10-PACK	AMOUNT
					
r TO CHARGE YOUR ORDER, PLEASE COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING: ^
CREDIT CARD NUMBER
[71]
please indicate which card you are using (circle one)
	
	
MMR]	L	,
EXP. DATE
signature
Your Phone # day/nite (_
L CONTRIBUTIONS OR PAYMENTS ARE NOT TAX DEDUCTIBLE AS CHARITABLE COOTRIBUTIONS FOR TAX PURPOSES
MERCHANDISE (please order by number & letter)
Issue 71
ITEM
QUANTITY	SIZE	LOGO SIZE	COLOR
2nd COLOR
TOTAL MERCHANDISE ORDER........................
Contribution to Scholarship Fund or General Fund (circle one). TOTAL AMOUNT...................................
NAAWP NEWS SUBSCRIPTIONS
TOTAL SUBSCRIPTION ORDER_________________________
TOTAL MEMBERSHIPS ORDER__________________________
TOTAL MERCHANDISE ORDER..........................
The Coming American RACE WAR.....................
GRAND TOTAL ENCLOSED.............................
PAID BY:	QCheck	QMoney	Order	QCash
□Bankcard (please fill out credit card box, provide appropriate information)
AMOUNT
Ship to: Name
[71]
Address
City.
State
Zip.
Phone #(_
J.
NAAWP Member? ^ES QnO
contributions or payments are not deductible as charitable contributions for tax purposes