NAAWP NATIONAL NEWS
Changing Tides
Volume 2, Issue 12
March, 2000 $2.50
From The Desk of Reno Wolfe
The National NAAWP has, in the last year, been able to step up and fight for our rights as citizens. We have confronted many issues and have achieved credibility as a white rights organization. The Federal Government, after nine months of deliberation, has denied our 501 c 3. It was denied because we are considered to be an "action" group. The NAAWP was incorporated to be an "action" group. An action group for our rights! We will continue to be an action group, and will never allow Washington bureaucrats to stop us in our lawful and legitimate goals of equal rights!
For the NAAWP to continue our fight and bring our common goals to
each and every state and community in a lawful manner, we have no alternative but to raise the costs of membership. The cost of NAAWP membership has been $25.00 a year for a long, long time. Beginning on July 1,2000, NAAWP Memberships and renewals will be increased to $35.00 a year. This increase is less than three penny's a day. The NAAWP is dependant solely on memberships, donations and contributions and has no corporate sponsors as other government backed "action" organizations have.
We need you to continue to donate as much as you can, to contribute to the National NAAWP in any way you can. National NAAWP spends a tremendous amount each year for stamps, paper, copies, in-
formation packets, Newsletter printing, and office equipment which includes our National Web site
(NAAWP.com) We need far more than the 10% of our members and supporters to donate and contribute in order to take our just cause to the next level.
A simple 12-pack of soda pop is only $2.50. Coffee at a restaurant costs $1.00 at least. It seems that the vast majority are waiting for "others" to donate for them, yet are more than willing to ride on the coattails of those who are active and willingly donate for our cause.
-Reno Wolfe President
NAAWP Addresses Mississippi Issues
Mississippi Flag, continued
Articles of Interest
North Carolina Updates, and News Stories
Morris “The Sleaze” Dees
US Tribute
NAACP Corporate Sponsors- WP Boycott
MUMIA! And other black racists.
2
2-3
4-5
6-12
12-
13
13-
15
16 17
NEW HOTLINE PHONE NUMBERS:
East Coast:
(813) 274-4988
Central US:
(504) 328-7477
Mid-West:
(708) 401-0491
NAAWP in Biloxi, MS to Collect Petition Signatures -Change MS Constitution!
As you may already know, the confederate flag in under attack by the misinformed all over America, but now it has spread to the great State of Mississippi!
Mississippi recently appointed its first black chief of the highway patrol, LM Claiborne, Jr, and what was his first order of business?
To follow the mind
numbed liberal robots, and order the REMOVAL OF THE STATE FLAG from all patrol cars in Mississippi!
Continued on page 2
West Coast:
(530) 684-6328
24 Hour FAX
(530) 884-4460
Contents Copyright © 1998-2000, NAAWP National
NAAWP in Biloxi, MS to Collect Petition Signatures -
Continued from page one DATE: May 12,13 and 14
MISSISSIPPI
Reno Wolfe, Rich Faraone and Johnny Heaston will be hitting the road again this month to rally for a change to the MS State Constitution.
“We’re going to knock on every door we can, and inform die citizens of Mississippi, one by one, about the threat to the State flag” said Rich Faraone
He went on to say, “We are obli-
gated to the preservation of our history, all American history, and just because blacks get appointed to high ranking positions, they feel the need to immediately spread propaganda, and lobby for special interests for blacks.”
Faraone, Heaston and Wolfe, along with MS members will be knocking on doors, passing out information, and collecting signatures for the resignation of Claiborne, and change to the State Constitution, including an amendment to protect
Change MS Constitution!
the flag from future attacks by these corrupt, misinformed, racist black leaders.
A petition drive has been underway in MS for the last month, and it will culminate on the last Wednesday in May, with a formal presentation to the Governor.
Watch the next issue for a follow up story.
Those of you who want to get involved or donate, call
504-328-7477.
Mississippi lawmakers try to work around brewing flag issue
JACKSON, Miss. - With this state's sizable minority population, its legacy of reactionary and racial politics and its deep reverence for history and symbols, it may be difficult from afar to understand why the debate over this state's flag has been so quiet - so far.
But it is precisely that volatile mix that has kept the state's political
Make OUR Internet Service Provider YOURS!
RACIALLY AWARE HOSTING!
http://www.sispweb.com/
leadership, predominantly white and predominantly Democratic, delicately
side-stepping the issue for fear that a full-blown Civil War will erupt here as it has in South Carolina, destroying fragile coalitions.
So, with at least some key black elected officials concentrating on other issues now that a Democrat has recaptured the gover-
nor's mansion, the long-standing debate over Mississippi's flag has largely remained in die background. "Right now, it's an issue, but we've got other issues we want to spend time and energy on," said Rep. Leonard Morris (D-Batesville), vice chairman of the powerful Ways and Means Committee.
Continued on Page 3
SISP is the official web-hosting and design firm for the NAAWP.
SISP can take your idea or business live via the Internet!
Have you been delaying getting your website up?
Call or visit SISP!
E-Commerce
Database
Brochure and Catalogues
Complete Packages, Under
$1,000.00!
It *s NEVER been Easier!
(504)328-1980 - Office@sispweb.com
Mississippi lawmakers try to work around brewing flag issue
Continued from Page 2
Over the years, it has surfaced from time to time as an issue, but never has it been die focal point of attention here as has South Carolina's practice of flying the Confederate battle flag over the statehouse.
As hundreds of protesters marched at the Columbia Capitol recently and the South Carolina legislature grappled with a compromise proposal, a lone Mississippi lawmaker here attempted to call attention to this state's flag in a speech and procedural protest on the House floor.
Rep. Jimmy Thornton (D-Greenville) delivered a speech to a silent House chamber, explaining that he saw the battle flag as a symbol of terrorism and hate. And, for a iew days, he began requesting that every bill be read in its entirety, threatening to grind business to a halt until the House leadership moved to help change the flag. "We're not thinking about giving up. It's only just the beginning," said Thornton.
But, so far, black lawmakers who are viewed as members of the leadership team in the Legislature are less visible on this issue. Even the author of legislation to change the flag, legislation which died in committee early on, was reluctant to participate in Thornton's efforts to stall the House's business.
"That's not something I wanted to expend my energies on - at this time," said Rep. Ed Blackmon (D-Canton), who chairs a judiciary committee.
"This issue is simmering. If s going to hit," he said. "If s going to come here and there's no way around it. Lawmakers got a glimpse Sunday
of the acrimony the flag issue can cause.
As a protest of the lack of movement on the flag issue, black lawmakers had planned a procedural move similar to Thornton's that would have slowed action on the budget.
When legislative leaders blocked their protest, seven black senators got a judge to issue a restraining order against Lt. Gov. Amy Tuck.
When Thornton began his protest, House Speaker Tim Ford (D-Baldwyn) declined to comment on it other than to note that Thornton was within his rights to request that bills be read.
Other House leaders, who are usually comfortable speaking on any number of issues, cringe and decline to discuss the issue for attribution.
Gov. Ronnie Musgrove, a Democrat elected with overwhelming support from black voters, engages in rhetorical gymnastics, saying he is concentrating on issues that are important - a position that would seem to leave room for interpretation that he does not intend to take a stand unless the debate itself overwhelms his focus on priorities of public education and health care.
One white lawmaker who would talk was Rep. Steve Holland (D-Tupelo), an outspoken populist who pushes for spending on health care and education aimed at assisting poor and black people and who comfortably sits beneath portraits of Confederate heroes Robert E. Lee and Nathan Bedford Forrest.
Recently, Holland said he traveled throughout his district, visiting coffee shops and constituents to gauge the pulse of his district.
"There wasn't a soul that mentioned the economy, teacher pay or the budget," said Holland. " Do not change the state flag!” was the rallying cry. “We will defeat you."
For Holland and many members, the flag issue is nothing but trouble. It can't pass and it won't go away. Many white lawmakers acknowledged the legitimacy of the complaints and concerns of black colleagues and in the next breath explained their own reverence for forefathers who fought in the Confederacy.
"Just as most black members couldn't survive not voting to change it, I don't think a white member could survive voting to change it," said Holland.
For now, many black lawmakers in leadership roles here are pointing to a state Supreme Court case challenging the legal legitimacy of the flag, saying there is little reason to launch a battle in the statehouse, for now.
"I don't see a division (among the caucus on the flag). The approaches might be different," said Rep George Flaggs (D-Vicksburg), a black lawmaker who serves on the Legislative Budget Committee. "I'm confident the minute the court gives us direction, you'll begin to see a real dialog about the flag and whether to change it. I'm willing to wait."
»
BLOOD BROTHERS!
In the vein of "political correctness", we have been indoctrinated into believing that only whites were capable of murder by stalking their victims.
Like the "Boston Strangler", and others that have occurred over the years, these type of killings were always attributed to whites. Here is something that you will not see reported on your local news, or in any newspaper in the country:
In the early 80's, two brothers, Nathaniel Cook and Anthony Cook went on a killing spree. These two African Americans preyed upon young white couples in parked cars. They would confront them, and rape the women before killing them. Anthony Cook, 51, acknowledged in Lucas County Common Pleas Court that he was involved in all 9 murders. His brother, Nathaniel, admitted to only 3.
Anthony Cook pled guilty to the murder of a Thomas Gordon. He was sentenced to life in prison and is already serving a life sentence without the chance of parole for a 1981 murder. However, his brother Nathaniel pled guilty to two counts of kidnapping and one count of "attempted" murder in the killing of Gordon's girlfriend. He will be eligible for parole after 18 years.
Retired police detective, Tom Ross, said he believed that the killings were racially motivated. Jeez, when the victims are all white, and the killer's black, what other conclusion is there?
No death sentence for either one of them. Yet, they stalked and deliberately murdered at least 9 people! One will be freed in 18 years, the other will remain in prison for an unrelated murder. Lucas County prosecutor, Julia Bates, accepted the "plea" deal because it gives the nine families a peace of mind.
If we remember correctly, the two individuals who killed an African American in Jasper, Texas were both sentenced to death. These two brothers who raped and killed their victims will live out their lives, and one will go free in 18 years. We really don't believe that this "sentence" will give the families any peace of mind whatsoever. Peace of mind would be making sure these two received the death penalty!
AN INTERESTING HISTORY LESSON FOR BLACK HISTORY MONTH!
A man by the name of Henry Louis Gates Jr. produced a documentary titled, “Wonders of the African World”. There are five parts to this documentary. One is titled “The Slave Castle.” Mr. Gates is a black male and a descendant of a slave.
Mr. Gates visited Africa and researched slavery. He documented the fact that African rulers/ kings/ chiefs offered slaves to Europeans in exchange for guns, canons and money.
Places like Kumasi and the Kingdom of Abomey were known for the capture and sale of slaves. The
rulers of these areas sold members of their own tribe, prisoners and criminals. They were motivated by profit and judged by the number of slaves they owned. They even hired Don Francisco Felix de Souza to act as a middleman for them to sell the slaves to the Europeans.
Europeans were not permitted in the interior of Africa thus slaves were sent to the ports of Elmina and Dui-dah for sale. Millions of slaves were separated from their family and imprisoned in what was known as the slave castle until sold. Up to one hundred and fifty slaves were confined to a small room until sale
Many of the slaves died at the slave castle from disease.
The Kingdom of Abomey alone traded over a million slaves . sacrificed slaves in worship and displayed body parts as trophies. The Kingdom of Abomey sold slaves until 1885.
These rulers/kings/chiefs were the ones responsible for the slave trade and not the Europeans. Had the African rulers/kings/chiefs opposed slavery there would not have been slave trade.
SPLC Notorious For Outright Lying!
Joe Roy of the SPLC has his right to his opinion concerning the NAAWP, and we understand why they would try and defend a convicted sex offender, considering their founder is a pedophile himself (see page 12). If Joe Roy and his group really wanted to truthfully inform the public, they could have done a little better research. After all, they plead for and receive millions of dollars each year to promote their "Hate List".
It seems as if every single organization, no matter what their goals and beliefs are, if they have the word "white" in it, it must be labeled as a HATE group. Do you think Joe Roy and the SPLC can give you the name of any white rights organization that they haven't tried to label a "Hate Group"? Of course not.
The SPLC knows full well that David Duke was not the "founding father" of the NAAWP. However, it makes for good rhetoric and publicity to claim this. David Duke was not even bom in 1943! No matter what the SPLC says about the NAAWP, whatever they claim we are, "other" or otherwise, makes no difference to us. We are definitely not a "splinter" group of any organization, and I'm sure that if Joe Roy could back up his statement, he would, but of course, he won't because he can't.
The National NAAWP’s aid was requested to look into a situation involving a sex offender at Starmount High School. We traveled to Boonville to make sure that what was reported to us was factual, and indeed is was.
While there, we discovered that other felons were attending Starmount High School. Burglary and theft do not place other students in jeopardy in the same manner as having a convicted and registered sex offender roaming the halls.
To even state that our involvement in this issue is based on race, is absurd! The color of the registered sex offender is meaningless. For the School Board and the principal of Starmount to try and make a racial issue out of this is nothing more than immoral. Registered sex offenders do not, and we repeat, do not belong around minors, no matter who they are, and this includes "star" football players.
According to Barbara Todd's (school board official) response stating that Mr. Martin would be around minors in the alternative school setting and he would be hard to supervise, then how is he now being "properly" supervised attending regular classes? Is this another case of "double talk"?
North Carolina Updates!
Friday, March 24,2000 The Tribune
By Andy Matthews Assistant Editor
BOONVILLE — A national white rights organization has accused Yadkin County Schools officials of giving preferential treatment to a Starmount High School athlete who is a convicted sex offender.
Rich Far one, a spokesman with the National Association for the Advancement of White People, said Wednesday that Shanlyn Martin, a senior at Starmount, and Principal Brad Storie should both be removed from the school.
I
Continued on Page 6
North Carolina Updates!
Continued From Page 5
Far one said his group may organize a protest movement to demand action from Yadkin County school board members.
“If necessary, we will assemble and protest both the school board and the high school,*9 he said. “Should our demands not be considered, we will go there in person and present the school board and principal with our demands.**
Farone said his Louisiana-based organization is outraged that Martin, a star football player on Star-mount’s 1998 state championship
team, was not expelled. It is also demanding the resignation of Storie, Mho the group claims lobbied court officials to keep Martin on die team after he was charged with first-degree statutory rape.
Storie has denied that Martin received preferential treatment And Superintendent Barbara Todd said Thursday that the school is merely following the conditions of Martin’s probation.
“The order from die judge clearly implies that he is to remain in school,” she said.
Martin, the football Defensive Player of the Year in the Northwest 1A Conference and on The Tribune’s All Tri-County Area team, was arrested Feb. 2,1999, at Star-mount. According to court documents, Martin was 17 when he had sex with a 12-year-old girl on Oct. 30,1998.
His bond was initially set at $100,000, but was later reduced to $30,u00. He spent three days in jail and was allowed to play the entire 1999 football schedule and part of Starmount’s basketball season before he pleaded no contest to taking
“Shanlyn has received special privileges from the school board, the courts
and the principal, without question,”
indecent liberties with a child.
Martin faced a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison for first-degree statutory rape. The maximum sentence for taking indecent liberties with a child is 14 months. Martin received a suspended sentence of 10 to 12 months and was ordered to perform 60 months of supervised probation. As part of his special probation, Martin is not allowed around girls 16 or under without adult supervision.
He was also ordered to stay away from the girl he had sex with, abide by a curfew set by a probation officer, and attend domestic counseling.
Martin also was sentenced to 60 days in jail, which he will serve during die summer, allowing him to remain in school and graduate in May.
And that angers Farone, who said Martin’s criminal conviction should have meant an automatic expulsion. He accuses school board members and Storie of working together to
keep Martin on the football team. “Shanlyn has received special privileges from the school board, the courts and the principal, without question,” Farone said.
Farone declined to name the person who complained to the NAAWP’s headquarters in New Orleans, saying only that they are a Yadkin County resident who followed the case closely. The NAAWP posted a short article in its Feb. 10 newsletter about Martin remaining in school despite his felony conviction. “We have an outraged member there who was upsefthat a crime went unpunished,” Farone said. “That ‘child’ was allowed back in school. He’s now an adult, he’s not to associate with girls under 16.”
Todd and Storie both deny Martin received preferential treatment. Todd said the school could not act until there was a conviction. And Storie has said that Martin is receiving adequate supervision from the high school’s teachers.
Martin, 18, of 102 Wolfe Road,
Boonville, has since registered as a sex offender with the Yadkin County Sheriffs Department That information is maintained by the U. S. Justice Department, which posts it on the Internet.
As a result of his conviction, Martin was barred from high school sports.
But that doesn’t satisfy Farone who noted that Martin’s case was continued six times, all the while allowing him to run track, play football and basketball. “We don’t feel it’s in the public’s interest for a principal of a high school to stand up for a criminal in the court,” Farone said. “This is a public school, not a private school. We want Shanlyn expelled, and Mr. Storie should resign. And we demand that the school board change its policy at Starmount
“The school should have already adopted a policy to segregate him from the other students. We don’t want a criminal attending class with our children. They have schools for these people. They’re called jails.”
Continued on Page 8
NAAWP Announcements
The NAAWP’s General Store has gotten off to a GREAT start! Now you can buy ALL the official NAAWP products on-line! Visit our General Store TODAY! http://www.naawp.com/
NATIONAL OFFICE CAMPAIGN FUND
The NAAWP has a goal to open our National Office, in the Jacksonville FL area during fiscal year 2000, and we need YOUR support!
Donate equipment, supplies or funds to The National Office today! Send your donations to:
National Office, PO Box 1727, Callahan, FL 32011
APPLICATIONS FOR MEMBERSHIP - PRICE INCREASE:
MEMBERSHIP DUES RISING TO $35.00 - JULY 12,2000
The cost of membership, $25.00, no longer covers our expenses with all the anti-white we are currently acting on. So if you have been thinking about joining, NOW IS THE TIME!
Send a 55 cent stamp to the address above for your application, or join on-line! At http://www.naawp.com/
"Imagine if we only had an organization like the United Negro College Fund?"
These are YOUR WORDS! Yet so far, it seems the National NAAWP is the only contributor! Can you spare the cost of ONE MEAL to help a deserving white student - ONE car wash, ONE night at the movies? You asked for it, so please - support it!
Get out your checkbook NOW, and write a check for WHATEVER you can afford, and we know you ALL can afford something, even if it’s $5.00, please, do it now... for the sake of our children!
Send your donation made payable to The NAAWP Education Fund and mail it directly to:
JAX NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION P.O. Box 45085 Jacksonville, FL 32232-5085.
Make sure you specify "NAAWP account # 574785" in the memo section.
This account is ONLY for the Education Fund. This is NOT the General Operating Fund of the NAAWP, and JAX NAVY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION manages it OUR CHILDREN ARE COUNTING ON YOU; SO LETS GET IT DONE!
The NAAWP now has an “official wear” clothing line available!
We now carry over 20 products! Exclusive to The NAAWP!
If you do not have Internet access, send a self addressed LEGAL SIZED stamped ($0.55) envelope to:
The General Store
PO Box 2025
Marrero, Louisiana 70072
And we’ll get you out a catalogue!
NOTE: CATALOGUES FROM LAST MONTH WILL SHIP FIRST WEEK OF MAY.
Page 8
North Carolina Updates!
Continued From Page 6
Todd said the school board has no plans to react to NAAWP’s demands.
'Because of this, I don’t think the board is going to be ready to do anything,” Todd said. “Anything that we do is going to look discriminatory. We will fall back on the state law.”
According to the attorney for the state board of education, a student’s criminal behavior away from campus must pose some type of threat to students or staff before the schools could legally take disciplinary action — unless the district has a specific policy on such infractions. The school district has no policy to deal with students accused or convicted of serious crimes.
Todd has said Martin was not disciplined prior to his plea because the offense happened away from school and he had not been convicted of a crime
State law only applies to students who are caught with weapons or drugs on campus or who are considered threats to the school.
Todd has said that Martin could be placed in an alternative school for students with behavioral problems. However, that school is also at Starmount and includes girls ranging in age from 13-18, she said.
‘It would be almost impossible to guarantee that he is constantly under adult supervision,” Todd said.
Todd said that Martin has no history of behavioral problems in school. And in fact, school administrators have said that Martin has been a positive influence on his classmates and teammates.
“There is no way to prove that he is a threat to the other students,” she said. “It would be a little different if they (Martin and the victim) bumped into each other. But she doesn’t even attend the same school. He does very well in a structured setting. He’s very mannerly and always willing to help out. He’s just not the kind of kid that gets into trouble at school. The difference is the structured settings. We do protect them when they are with us.”
But Far one says Martin’s criminal actions prove he can’t be trusted around younger girls.
‘We want segregation. We want to segregate the criminals from the children,” Farone said.” Why not protect them from a potential rapist? Psychological profiles show that a rapist doesn’t rape one time. It’s a behavioral problem.”
A psychological evaluation concluded that Martin is not a sexual predator.
Though Todd said the school board doesn’t plan to respond immediately to the NAAWP’s demands, it’s clear the group has already made an impression.
NAAWP’s President Reno Wolfe visited the school’s administrative offices March 14. Todd was unavailable at the time. But when she returned, Todd learned that Wolfe was en route to Starmount. Unable to reach school officials, Todd telephoned the sheriff’s department and drove to the school.
By the time she arrived, Wolfe had already left, apparently without speaking to anyone.
‘I was expecting something, some kind of demonstration, perhaps a scene at Starmount,” Todd said. “We were even expecting something the next day. But we didn’t hear anything until Monday.”
And that’s when Storie received a fax, which prompted him to telephone Todd.
‘He said ‘Barbara, you’re not going to believe this,”’ Todd recalled.
North Carolina Updates!
Continued from Page 8
The fax was actually a news release from New Orleans headlined: “NAAWP President Demands Legislative Responsibility in North Carolina And Resignation Of School Principal. Yadkin County Board of Education Fails To Inform/
Protect Students From Rapist.”
The news release, according to Far one, was sent by broadcast fax to several media outlets.
In the release, Wolfe said that Martin was “apparently forgiven” of the rape of a minor by Storie.
“Storie acted as a character witness in the trial, and we were told he was influential in postponing the trial six times so Martin could attend and play football, and Starmount could have a winning season,” according to the fax.
Storie declined to comment this morning other than to say that the NAAWP’s report contained “several falsehoods” and that he plans legal action.
Wolfe said in his release that the judge never ordered Martin to remain in school.
“We contacted the Yadkin County Clerk’s office but were unable to verify this information,” he wrote.
Todd said that she has reviewed Wolfe’s news release, however she has not spoken with him. She noted that Wolfe is spreading misinformation, which will only aggravate an already complex dilemma.
“The judge’s order clearly implies that he must be gainfully employed or remain in school,” Todd said.
Martin was given a prison sentence, but it was suspended until the summer, allowing him to complete his senior year.
Todd said she is concerned about community reaction to the NAAWP’s intervention. The group claims and Todd confirmed that posters with Martin’s picture have been posted in local businesses.
“Some flyers have been put in local business windows,” Farone said. “They’ve been putting them up. We’ve gotten a very warm response.”
The flyers, which contain a picture of Martin, resembles a wanted poster.
“REGISTERED SEX OFFENDER!!!,” the poster says. “SCHOOL BOARD AND PRINCIPAL ALLOWS MARTIN TO BE IN CONTACT WITH MINOR CHILDREN.”
The poster asks residents to contact Todd or Storie and “DEMAND THAT THIS SEX OFFENDER BE EXPELLED FROM SCHOOL.”
Todd notified school personnel at the Yadkinville administrative office Monday about NAAWP’s involvement.
“The NAAWP visited our office and went by Starmount’s campus last week,” Todd said in a memorandum. “They evidently are launching an attack at Mr. Storie.... Brad deserves our support at this time. If at all, try to find some time to visit Starmount tomorrow.”
Wolfe also sent Todd a letter Monday, demanding Martin’s expulsion.
“By having a registered sex offender on campus is not providing a safe environment It is a morally bankrupt mentality that would even consider having this person roaming the halls of a public school,” Wolfe said. “We are asking you to take responsibility and remove him from Starmount High School, as the principal, Mr. Brad Storie refused to even consider that Shanlyn Lee Martin even committed this heinous criminal act. It is up to you and the school board to do what is right.”
North Carolina Updates!
Continued from Page 9
Farone said the controversy could have been avoided if school board members had a policy in place preventing convicted felons from attending school.
“The school board doesn’t want to take action,” he said. “The fact that you don’t have a policy means you
put children at risk__When it
comes to guns or knives, schools are willing to spend the money to protect our children. Why not protect them from a potential rapist?”
Farone said his group intends to rally support to persuade the school board to take action.
“We will get momentum from local members to take action. We plan to organize members,” Farone said. “We want to keep it on a local level. However, if necessary, we will get the full
membership of the NAAWP________
Ideally, we would hope the school board would stand up and take responsibility for the protection of children, and present us with a remedy for all concerned.”
Farone said his group intends to
lobby state legislators to ensure each school district in North Carolina has a policy for students involved in serious crimes.
“We’re not only lobbying for the school board to change its policies, but also for the state of North Carolina and the governor,” Farone said. “We want child protection legislation. This a local issue that is going to become statewide. We want to prevent this from happening again.”
“The fact that you don’t have a policy means you put children at risk..
NAAWP Forces School To Take A Stand, And Inform The Community Of Covered Up Facts
By Andy Matthews Assistant Editor The Tribune
BOONVELLE — A convicted sex offender will remain in school despite protests from a white-rights organization that he be expelled.
In a press conference Tuesday morning at Starmount High School, Yadkin Superintendent Barbara Todd and Starmount Principal Brad Storie said senior Shanlyn Martin poses no threat to students’ safety.
“Our main purpose all along has been the protection and the safety of our children and our whole campus,” Storie said. “From the get go, that’s been our number one priority.”
Storie told parents in a Monday letter that their children’s safety has not been compromised.
“Some recent newspaper articles imply that one of our students may be a threat on campus. Because of continued news media interest in this matter, I decided to write you directly,” Storie says in his letter. “I want to assure you that we believe that your students are safe. We have taken the following steps to ensure that is the case.”
Storie said he and school administrators have conferred with the N.C. Attorney General’s office and the N.C. Department of Public Instruction, who both assured them that the school board is “pursuing the correct course of action.”
Todd and Storie said Monday’s letter to parents was not a reaction to the National Association
Association for the Advancement for White People, which has distributed posters with Martin’s picture in the Boonville community.
“We just wanted to make sure parents know what we have done,” Storie said.
The NAAWP, based in Jacksonville, Fla., has suggested that Martin received preferential treatment because he played cm the school’s football team. They have demanded that Martin be expelled and that Storie — who they say used his influence to delay Martin’s trial so he could play football — resign.
Reno Wolfe, the NAAWP president, has suggested that Martin be placed in an alternative school or perhaps imprisoned.
NAAWP Forces School To Take A Stand
Continued from Page 10
Stone and Todd said Tuesday they had conferred for several days about Martin’s special status. Since Yadkin’s alternative school is on Star-mount’s campus, Todd said that really isn’t a viable option.
“And there are kids there younger than Shanlyn,” Todd said. “If he remains in school, he is actually closer to kids his own age. Which is the best environment? You do the best you can.”
Todd said Yadkin school officials are trying to find a new location for an alternative school. But that won’t help Martin’s situation, she said.
“We’ve been working on it for six or seven months,” she said.
And the school board still hasn’t had time, Todd said, to consider a policy addressing students accused or convicted of serious crimes.
“We are trying to research it from other places,” she said. “We’re still looking at it.”
According to the attorney for the state board of education, a student’s criminal behavior away from campus must pose some type of threat to students or staff before the schools could legally take disciplinary action — unless the district has a specific policy on such infractions. No local school district has a policy to deal with students accused or convicted of serious crimes.
Martin was arrested Feb. 2,1999, at Starmount because he was 17 when he had sex with a 12-year-old girl on Oct. 30,1998.
He received a suspended sentence of 10 to 12 months, is not allowed around girls 16 or under without adult supervision. Martin was sen-
tenced to 60 days in jail, which he will serve during the summer, allowing him to remain in school and graduate in May.
Martin, 18, of 102 Wolfe Road, Boonville, has since registered as a sex offender with the Yadkin County Sheriffs Department That information is maintained by the U. S. Justice Department, which posts it on the Internet.
Todd has said Martin was not disciplined prior to his plea because the offense happened away from school and he had not been convicted.
State law only applies to students who are caught with weapons or drugs on campus or who are considered threats to the school.
However, school districts also have the option to adopt a more stringent policy to deal with serious crimes, according to the chairman of the State House Education Committee, Rep. Alex Warner, D-Cumberland County.
Storie also adamantly denied that he tried to delay Martin’s court trial so he could finish the 1999 football season.
Martin’s trial was continued six times, allowing him to run track, play a full football season and part of the basketball schedule.
“I never went to court with Shanlyn,” Storie said.
Storie also said he has not intervened with a court case involving Neal Bryan Lashley, a senior at Starmount accused of breaking into a Boonville supermarket.
“We’re going to treat Bryan Lash-ley’s case just the same,” Storie said. “If and when he is convicted
■
of a felony, he would come off the track team.”
Storie said he and school officials wrestled with how they should respond to the allegations from the time Martin was arrested.
It was less than two months after Starmount had won a state football championship title, and school officials weren’t clear how to handle the potential negative publicity.
So they interviewed teachers, students and even Martin himself to determine the best course of action, Storie said.
After ruling out an alternative school, and deciding that Martin didn’t pose a threat to other students, school officials allowed him to remain in school despite his felony conviction.
“We talked with teachers, coaches, staff members and students” who all agree that Martin poses no threat, Storie said.
“We have made teachers and coaches aware of the situation to ensure adequate adult supervision is in place at all times,” Storie said in his letter. “The safety of your students has been and always will be
our primary concern______Because
we believe the student is not a threat on school property, and have no evidence to the contrary, under state law we are required to continue to provide an education for him and we are.”
Storie and Todd both admit it has been a delicate balance, at best.
Continued on Page 12
NAAWP Forces School
Continued from Page 11
“As soon as Shanlyn was arrested, we began asking the ‘What if?’
questions___We didn’t know what
was going to happen from the get go,” Storie said. “We went over his record, and with the exception of a few tardies, he was squeaky clean.
If he had a prior history of being a threat, there would be grounds to expel him. But our hands are tied.”
Todd agreed, saying that Martin has no behavioral problems at school.
“He performs well in a supervised environment,” she said. “State law says you must prove he is a threat,
Morris “The Sleaze”
The son of a farmer, Morris Bub-bah" Seligman Dees Jr. (SS# 424-46-7003) was bom on December 16,1936 in Alabama. After receiving his B.A. and J.D. degrees from the University of Alabama he made a fortune selling cook books through the mail. In 1971 he founded a nonprofit organization known as the Southern Poverty Law Center, its stated purpose to fight racism, prejudice, discrimination, anger, hatred, anti-Semitism and to educate children through a program called Teaching Tolerance.
In 1981, Dees organized Klanwatch to combat organized racist activity through innovative lawsuits. Dees most heralded victory was a large judgment against a California television repairman because of the content of the man's public access talk show. The man could not afford a lawyer, while Dees has 70-90 million dollars. After gaining his audience's trust by showing he has gone after Aryan Nations and the Ku Klux Klan, Dees lumps in conservative non-racist, nonviolent
To Take A Stand
and we can’t do that.”
Storie said he has spoken with Martin on several occasions, telling him that he has to be especially cautious about his behavior on and off campus. Most of the school’s students know him and support him, Storie said.
“Shanlyn realizes he is under a microscope. I’ve told him if anything happens, if someone confronts you, come straight to the office,” Storie said. “The students here don’t condone what he did. But they do sympathize with what he has gone
Dees
"antigovemment patriot groups," such as the old-line anti-communist John Birch Society and "militia groups" loosely affiliated with the National Rifle Association as a legitimate part of his broad "antihate" campaign.
An open supporter of the "one world movement," Dees derides those who believe the federal government has grown too large and far beyond its constitutional mandate as "dangerous psychos.”
Like the '50s red baiters who exploited the country’s legitimate fears of Communism to attack democrats, Morris Dees exploits fears of racism to smear anyone who owns guns, opposes racial preferences, dislikes homosexuality, fears excessive federal government, or opposes excessive immigration.
Dees continually blames the nation's militia groups for the Oklahoma City bombing despite the fact federal prosecutors concluded that there is no evidence that Timothy
through___I believe they feel a lot
more threatened by the NAAWP.”
NOTE:
While the school and the board may not give us credit for being the motivating factor for informing the community, the feet that they NEVER did until we demanded it proves that the NAAWP was responsible for this change in policy.
State law-makers have also picked up on this, and are expected to amend laws in NC to prevent future situations from occurring.
McVeigh or Terry Nichols were ever members of a militia group.
Dees has actively campaigned for laws in which "associations of two or more persons" who train in the use of forearms for defensive purposes are declared illegal militias.
Despite his image as the moral guardian of the nation, his ex-wife cited in divorce documents at least one homosexual encounter, and numerous mistresses including his daughter-in-law and underage stepdaughter.
The Montgomery-Advertiser won a journalism award for a series of investigative articles exposing Dees’ unethical fundraising. Chief Justice Warren Burger refused to overturn a federal trial judge's ruling that Dees had suborned a witness to commit perjury in the
Joan Little case in North Carolina. Dees' attempted lawsuit against the Nationalist Movement was a miserable failure.
Morris “The Sleaze” Dees
Continued from Page 12
Dees launched the rumor in April 1996 about a racist conspiracy to bum Blade churches in die South.
After subsequent investigation revealed there was no rash of Black church burnings, many newspapers, including The Charlotte Observer, concluded that Dees "misinformed” the press.
USA Today reported in 1996 that Dees's Southern Poverty Law Center was "the nation's richest civil rights organization" with $68 million in assets.
Stephen Bright, one of Dees's numerous former associates, told a reporter that Dees is "a fraud who has milked a lot of very wonderful, well-intentioned people."
While Dees and his Center purport to fight prejudice and radsm, 12 of 13 former Black employees interviewed by The Montgomery Advertiser complained they experienced or observed racial problems during their employment
Several said the law center was, "more like a plantation." Former intern Christine Lee said she was nicknamed, "litde girl" by a White
supervisor.
"As I was told (at the SPLC), they don't need Black people telling than how to handle Black issues.", Lee said.
Dees has come under fire for not hiring Blacks to fill authoritative positions in his Center. In 1994 the Center had no Black attorneys on staff.
Rep. John Rogers (D-Birmingham) criticized the so-called civil rights group, saying, "The lack of Blacks draws into question whether the center is really committed to every Black person or whether it has been a money making thing... They are using poor Black folks to make money off of. Fm appalled." "They're drowning in their own affluence," Pamela Summers, a former Center legal fellow told The Montgomery Advertiser, "What they are doing in the legal department is not done for the best interest of everybody [but] is done as though the sole, overriding goal is to make money." Sumners stated, "I think people associate the SPLC with... going to court And that's why they get the money. And they don't go to court." There have
only been a handful of court cases over the years, many of which remain unresolved. Dees entire legal staff resigned in 1985 saying Dees' sole focus was on the Klan, because that's where the money was perceived to be.
More information, including court documents of pedophilia, spousal abuse, and other anti-social and criminal behavior can be found on our website: http://www.naawp.com/
If you don’t have access to the Internet, you are missing a lot of the NAAWP’s message!
Learn how to connect for free on page 14!
TRIBUTE TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
From a Canadian Newspaper
America: The Good Neighbor. Widespread but only partial news coverage was given recently to a remarkable editorial broadcast from Toronto by Gordon Sinclair, a Canadian television commentator. What follows is the full text of his trenchant remarks as printed in the Congressional Record:
"This Canadian thinks it is time to speak up for the Americans as the
most generous and possibly the least appreciated people on all the earth.
Germany, Japan and, to a lesser extent, Britain and Italy were lifted out of the debris of war by the Americans who poured in billions of dollars and forgave other billions in debts. None of these countries is today paying even the interest on its remaining debts to the United
States. When France was in danger of collapsing in 1956, it was the Americans who propped it up, and their reward was to be insulted and swindled on the streets of Paris. I was there. I saw it.
When earthquakes hit distant cities, it is the United States that hurries in to help. This spring, 59 American communities were flattened by tornadoes. Nobody helped.
Continued on Page 14
TRIBUTE TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Continued from Page 13
The Marshall Plan and the Truman Policy pumped billions of dollars into discouraged countries. Now newspapers in those countries are writing about the decadent, warmongering Americans.
I'd like to see just one of those countries that is gloating over the erosion of the United States dollar build its own airplane. Does any other country in the world have a plane to equal the Boeing Jumbo Jet, the Lockheed Tri-Star, or the Douglas DC 10? If so, why don't they fly them? Why do all the International lines except Russia fly
American Planes?
Why does no other land on earth even consider putting a man or woman on the moon? You talk about Japanese technocracy, and you get radios. You talk about German technocracy, and you get automobiles.
You talk about American technocracy, and you find men on the moon - not once, but several times -and safely home again.
You talk about scandals, and the Americans put theirs right in the store window for everybody to look
at. Even their draft-dodgers are not pursued and hounded. They are here on our streets, and most of them, unless they are breaking Canadian laws, are getting American dollars from ma and pa at home to spend here.
When the railways of France, Germany and India were breaking down through age, it was the Americans who rebuilt them. When the Pennsylvania Railroad and the New York Central went broke, nobody loaned them an old caboose. Both are still broke.
GET ON-LINE AND SEE WHAT THE NAAWP HAS TO OFFER FOR FREE!! FREE COMPUTER - FREE SERVICE - $24.95 PER MO!
As long as you remain a PeoplePC member, they’ll replace your computer every three years with a new, up-to-date model and, if you choose, give your old one to a needy school or charity. But until then, you'll have their telephone support to keep you up and running. And if any hardware defect ever rears its ugly head, your warranty means a technician comes to your house and fixes it - for free.
VISIT http://WWW.PEOPLEPC.COM AND GET ON-LINE TODAY!	TOSHIBA
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO CANNOT USE A FRIENDS COMPUTER, GO TO YOUR LOCAL LIBRARY AND SIGN UP USING THEIR COMPUTERS!
I can name you 5000 times when the Americans raced to the help of other people in trouble. Can you name me even one time when someone else raced to the Americans in trouble? I don't think there was outside help even during the San Francisco earthquake.
Our neighbors have freed it alone, and I'm one Canadian who is damned tired of hearing them get kicked around. They will come out of this thing with their flag high- And when they do, they are entitled to thumb their nose at the lands that are gloating over their present troubles. I hope Canada is not one of those."
Stand proud, America!
What you just read was an editorial broadcast by a television commentator named Gordon Sinclair. A friend who is aware of my love for this wonderful country sent it to me. I've become pretty hardened to much that happens in America, and it's no secret that I'm thoroughly disgusted with our current government who insists that we must learn to accept diversity and we must learn to be tolerant of others even though they have no tolerance for us. They in fret would see us all dead and believe the world would be a better place without us-the white people of America.
I’ve seen hate crime legislation that is clearly in favor of minorities, even though all documentation regarding violent crime perpetrated by one race upon another, shows whites to be the victim in 9 out of 10 instances.
I’ve heard the leaders of third world countries blame the United States for any or all of their troubles.
Pve seen our history books revised until America is nearly unrecognizable as the home of the free and the brave and I’ve seen blatant criminals and whoremongers elevated virtually to royalty status. I've seen convicted murderers asked to address our youth at commencement ceremonies at some of our most respected colleges.
I’ve seen our government import hundreds of thousands of immigrants to America with no thought as to whether or not they were willing to become honest, loyal Americans and I’ve seen those immigrants turn American cities into war zones and mirrors of the slums from which they came and I’ve seen our founding fathers banished to obscurity in favor of minority peoples who never did one thing for America as a whole.
I’ve seen the Christian frith upon which America has relied for guidance for more than two centuries driven from our schools and exiled from our hearts in favor of a global entity which preaches self indulgence and the pleasure of the moment without a thought to future consequence.
And now one of the best tributes to America I’ve ever heard comes from a citizen of a neighboring country. Why don't we hear these words from the American people? Could it be that they are no longer taught our true history, in favor of fables meant to elevate the esteem of people whose legacy is a history poverty, corruption and disloyalty to past, present and future generations?
Why are American citizens reluctant to stand when our flag is raised and why isn't there a tear in every eye when the final bars of the Star Spangled Banner are played? And worst of all, why doesn't our government encourage every one of it's citizens' hearts to swell with pride when each child finally can recite the Pledge of Allegiance by heart.
Last month America was chastised by the African government for not arriving quickly enough to save them from the floods which swept away thousands of lives. I wonder if this is the same government which is standing idly by while white farm owners are being murdered and driven from their land?
Today I heard that Ethiopia is starving again and has been promised relief from who else but the United States? I wonder what would happen to these people and countless others, if America didn't exist. If the white men who conceived the wonders of freedom had never crossed the seas? If the white people of America today simply refused to pay the taxes that are used to support these countries?
All the peoples of the world yearn for the wonders of America's freedom of the people to govern themselves. Yet they despise Americans and would wipe us off the planet if they were capable of the technology.
Wouldn't it be something if our forefathers could see what they set in motion? Do you suppose it ever occurred to them that America would become the greatest, most powerful and most compassionate place in the world? Do you suppose they ever once imagined the world would turn it's sad eyes to America in times of strife, knowing that we alone could see them through whatever disaster might befall them?
I hope our fathers know there are some of us who believe in what so many of them died for, and are willing to die ourselves if it means keeping America free.
I implore all of you to learn the history of this wonderful country which is indeed blessed by Almighty God. Find an old book, written before the 1960's and read the truth of this great nation and never let anyone tell you America isn't worth fighting for!!
And to the minorities I ask you; Who will you turn to once you have succeeded in destroying America and the white people who made her great?
STAND PROUD AMERICA Kathleen Callaghan NAAWP-ARIZONA
NAACP Corporate Sponsors - Target of Boycott
The NAACP will advertise its national boycott of South Carolina using a photo of a Klansman superimposed over two Confederate Battle Flags.
The caption at die top of the ad reads "It's All About Heritage." Though the photo is obviously Med, the message from the militant, pro-black organization is clear: the truth is no obstacle to black power.
Since the NAACP instigated the flag controversy almost ten years ago, various Confederate heritage organizations have attempted to change perceptions of the flag by denouncing racism and publicly scorning so-called "hate groups.”
One of the oldest Confederate history organizations, the Sons of Con-
federate Veterans, has even instituted a de facto affirmative action program by relaxing membership requirements to permit blacks to join.
Despite the new emphasis on minority recruitment in the SC V, few blacks have answered the call to the Confederate colors.
Far more effective than the SCV and other history groups in defense of the Confederate flag is the Council of Conservative Citizens.
When the NAACP threatened the Confederate flag in South Carolina in 1995, the C of CC held several large, high profile rallies in Columbia which thwarted a proposed economic boycott of the state. Following a showdown between the NAACP and the C of CC in Hilton
Head, the NAACP retreated and the furor over the Confederate flag gradually abated.
The renewed attack on the flag by the NAACP is a desperate action intended to revive the dilapidated and scandal-plagued civil rights organization.
The NAACP is financially weak.
To combat the boycott of South Carolina, the Council of Conservative Citizens favors a counterboycott of the corporations that fund the NAACP.
The following is a list of corporations which donate generously to the NAACP or its "Legal Defense" slush fund:
BOYCOT THESE ANTI-WHITE BUSINESSES, AND CALL THEM TO LET THEM KNOW!
1.	K-Mart, 3100 W. Big Beaver, Troy, MI; CEO - Floyd Hall; (248) 643-1000.
(Very vulnerable during shopping season.)
2.	JC Penney, 6501 Legacy Dr, Plano, TX; CEO - Gale DufF-Bloom; (972) 431-1000 (Ditto.)
3.	Food Lion, PO 1330, Salisbury, NC; CEO - Bill McCanless; (800) 210-9569
4.	Century 21,6 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, NJ; CEO - Robert Moles (973)428-9700
5.	Bank of America, 100 N. Tryon, Charlotte, NC; CEO - Hugh McColl; (704)386-5000
6.	Wachovia, 301 N. Main, Winston-Salem, NC; CEO - Will Spence; (704) 378-5365
7.	Wendy's Inti., 4288 W. Dublin-Granville, Dublin, CO; CEO - J.Schuessler; (800) 829-3639
8.	Budweiser, 1 Busch Place, St. Louis, Mo; (800)342-5283
9.	Coca-Cola, PO 1734, Atlanta, GA, 30301; CEO - Douglas Ivester; (404) 676-2121
10.	Coors, 311 10th St., Golden, CO; CEO - WK Coors; (800) 642-6116
WHITES ARE BEING EXTERMINATED IN SOUTHERN AFRICA MEDIA SAYS ONLY TWO FARMERS KILLED?
Southern Africa is a hotbed for ethnic cleansing these days, and the leader of Zimbabwe, Mugabe, endorses the killing and torture of white farmers. There is a link from our Africa Chapter’s website, showing the brutal killing fields in Zimbabwe, with over 25 pictures of murdered farmers and their families. We’re told that there are HUNDREDS more pictures on the way!
If this continues, and the white farmers ARE exterminated, YOUR TAX DOLLARS will go to pay for all the “poor starving black folks” in Zimbabwe after the collapse of their economy!
BRUTAL Murderers today - “Poor deserving Africans” tomorrow!
PLEASE, WRITE YOUR REPRESENTITTVES TODAY, AND DEMAND THE US STOP THIS WHITE ETHNIC CLEANSING BEFORE IT’S TOO LATE!
Mumia Abu-Jamal
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio Antioch College's commencement speaker didn't deliver the keynote address in person, as much as he might have liked to. That's because he's on death row!
Mumia Abu-Jamal, a radio journalist and former Black Panther activist convicted of killing a Philadelphia police officer in 1981, spoke at the April 29 graduation via audiotape, as he did last year at Washington's Evergreen State College.
Book garners support:
The 45-year-old says his cause has drawn international support in part because of his 1995 book, "Live From Death Row," which
BLACK RACIST MAKES THREATS
PRETENDS TO BE WHITE - COLLEGE ADMINISTRATION CALLS WHITE MEN EVIL!
A black female student, who held the University of Iowa Dental School under siege for two months by sending racist threats, is now being made out to be the "victim", and attempts are being made by the school to minimize her actions!
This woman called in a bomb threat, which is a Federal violation. Yet, at this time, no formal charges have been filed by the FBI against her. Students who even call in bomb threats as pranks to their schools are expelled immediately. Yet, the University of Iowa lets her continue in her courses.
Before realizing that a black student was responsible for these threats of violence and racist emails, the University Relations Vice-President, Ann Rhodes, stated publicly that white men are, "the root of all evil". She thought the perpetuator was a white male between the ages of 22 to 55.
If you would like to send her an appropriate reply, please do so.
Her office phone number is:
319-335-0292.
Email: Ann-rhodes@uiowa.edu and at:
arhodes@blue.weeg.uiowa.edu
focuses on race and the justice system. He maintains he is innocent, and he has a federal appeal pending.
The students asked Abu-Jamal to speak on one of two topics: How one individual can affect the world or the true meaning of revolution.
"The issue is not to get a controversial speaker," said senior Teishan Latner. "The issue is to raise greater public awareness for his cause."
NOW DO YOU SEE EXACTLY WHAT THEY'RE TEACHING YOUR CHILDREN IN SCHOOL? CELEBRATE DIVERSITY!
KILLER
CELEBRATED BY THE LIBERAL COLLEGES OF THE US, AND YOUR CHILDREN!