Volume 2 - Issue 9
Copyright 1999 by NAAWP National, Inc.
Since the last Newsletter, a tremendous amount of activity has taken place. On November 13,1999, the National NAAWP Conference was held in Jacksonville, FI. for the 2nd consecutive year. The Conference laid out the plans for the year 2000, and beyond. The attendance was great. Present were Mr. Charles Tiffany,
National NAAWP attorney. National Director and Executive Vice-President, Ray Thomas, along with Diane Thomas, Women’s National Director, and National NAAWP Treasurer E. Loose, National NAAWP Secretary, L. Wolf, First National Vice-President Rich Faraone from Louisiana, Mississippi State Director, Johnny Heaston and State Director and Leaders who were there via the Internet, along with a large contingent from the National NAAWP Chapter from Jacksonville, FI. The Board of Directors was increased to five, with the addition of Mr. Rich Faraone as First National Vice-President and Ms. Laurie Wolf as National Secretaiy. Mr. Faraone will have the responsibility of the National Website and electronic business associated with the Internet. Mr. Faraone is a great addition to the NAAWP National Board of Directors, and his professionalism in our goals is beyond reproach.
The National NAAWP responded to Jesse Jackson and his Rainbow/Push coalition publicity stunt in Decatur, Illinois. Due to the urgency to make our voice heard and support the School Boards decision in expelling the American African students involved in the near riot at Eisenhower High School, we appealed, via our email list, for donations and support in order to address this situation in Decatur. It was because of this, that members and Officers were able to rally in front of the Board of Education Building on Saturday, November 25th. It was a bitterly cold day, with the wind blowing. However, in spite of this being the Thanksgiving weekend, many people stopped by and gave us their support and took information packets. Local citizens by the hundreds waved and honked their horns in support of the NAAWP! We were there and our voice was heard!
(Continued on page 2) FROM THE DESK OF
From a prospective member
I recently purchased a PC and immediately hooked up my Internet service. I was amazed to find out the amount of White Pride/White Power websites. I have spent months trying to research and investigate as much information as I could about these groups on the Internet. The reason being is because I knew that I wanted to devote my time and energy to at least one. I feel that the majority of the websites that I viewed were based on trendy skinhead issues and promoted violence that would have no positive outcome. I feel that the NAAWP is a remarkable and worthwhile organization that promotes the well-being and advancement of the White Race, and that out of all the organizations, associations, and clubs to join that this seems like the most credible and worthwhile.
Boy - this guy just bought a computer, wonder if he knows about Y2K

National NAAWP Headquarters has moved from New Orleans to Callahan, FI. All correspondence and inquiries should be sent to Reno Wolfe at: P.O.Box 1727 Callahan, Florida 32011. All Memberships and renewals, change of address, etc. please send to: Ray Thomas, Vice-President 8 National Director, NAAWP National, Inc., P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, Florida 33681.
1
(Continued from page 1) from the desk of
In order for the National NAAWP to continue in our quest to confront the Jesse Jackson’s and other adversaries, we need the financial support to do this. The NAAWP was fortunate this time by having supporters and members react to our request for donations to implement the response in Decatur, Illinois, in such a short time. For future rallies, and they WILL come, we need to ask the members who do not have computers and email addresses, to respond to our quest for financial support for these rallies. We need donations of 1 dollar, 5 dollars or whatever you can feasibly afford. No donation is too small. Every single penny donated is used for the NAAWP, as no Officer or Leader receives a penny for their efforts. It is all volunteered! Hundreds of hours are given freely eveiy month in order to achieve our goals, and we are winning. We need to continue to move forward. Only our members and supporters can make it happen. The NAAWP does not receive any government funding, nor do we have any corporate sponsors. We do not write books, either. We depend upon you.
In order to compensate for the millions of dollars our adversaries receive yearly, the National NAAWP will be launching an Internet Auction in January 2000. We need items from members and supporters for this auction. If you have any item that can be donated to this cause, please let National know. Items that can be considered “collectable” will bring the best responses. We have a huge task ahead of us and our adversaries are hoping that we won’t succeed. I know that we will succeed where others have failed, because there was a young girl who donated 4 quarters for Decatur, IL and a gentleman who can only afford to donate $1.00 a month and they are depending on us to make it happen.
The National NAAWP is at the point that we also need a National Office site. To reach the next step of National credibility, this is a must for the organization. We need to make it happen in year 2000!
NAAWP National Food Drive for 1999 has been very successful. We could do more in this area. National NAAWP has been able to give the helping hand to 85 individuals and families in 1999. Because of this program, families who were not accommodated by the government were able to receive the necessary help to get back their dignity, and provide for their families. Our recipients do not like handouts, but appreciate the helping hand provided by the NAAWP. Hopefully, we can increase the number of families who receive our helping hand in year 2000. This is the way it was 200 years ago.
I wish to take a moment and wish you and your family a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. If you are able to spend the holidays with a loved one and your family, you should. Our strength comes from our family’s heritage and our culture binds us together. I wish to personally thank each and every one for their dedication and loyalty over the past year
Reno Wolfe President National NAAWP
American African Lawsuits
The blacks who "win" in these lawsuits get anywhere from $10,000 to $500,000 each. Whew! Simmering on the back burner at this very moment are possibly hundreds of class-action lawsuits that various black employees are considering leveling against their white bosses, with hopes of "winning" this new job related lottery.... [This is] a way to hit the race jackpot and win big from heavily insured privately owned non-government related businesses.
Try this out for the next' scenario: What if a long line of whites showed up at every black-owned business in America. What if they had qualified credentials and demanded to be hired, promoted and loved? What if the black owner refused to fire one of his tried and true black employees just to make room for the white applicant and to have equal representation of all races in the workplace? What if when we rejected these white applicants, they invaded our space, screamed racism and filed a class action, boycotted and demanded millions in damages for discrimination in hiring, and called the press and the IRS? What would we do?
Just because you may work for the white man, does not give you the right to equal ownership of his business or his idea. We should stop acting like slaves constantly demanding that whites buy and sell us over and over again for cash. Step down off the slave auction block and do something for self, instead of disgracing and embarrassing the rest of us with your perpetual begging from white people....
Money is not the end-all solution to our problems, but pride, dignity and independence will take us further towards success than testifying in the white man's court room that another white hates you and discriminates against you.
A Fundamental Right
This Berkeley, California case has to go down as one of the most peculiar attempts by liberals to suppress free speech. In 1994, the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) announced that it would open a homeless shelter in a neighborhood in Berkeley. A resident, Alexandra White, along with her husband and a neighbor, composed and distributed pamphlets protesting the facility.
HUD officials not only commenced an investigation of the three protesters, but moved to prosecute them under the Federal Fair Housing Act. A conviction could have brought a $10,000 fine and a requirement for "restitution." The HUD bureaucrats had the audacity to claim that private citizens opposition to housing programs is in itself "housing discrimination."
A sane-minded judge saw to it that HUD failed in its effort to use the judiciary to squelch free speech, prompting Ann Brick of the ACLU to comment, "There's a big difference between HUD going after a government body denying permits and going after citizens complaining about a project....
It's a fundamental right of citizens to make their views known."
NAAWP
MEMBERSHIP
NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTION
$25.00 annual membership
Get your 1 year membership to NAAWP National, Inc. and receive 10 issues of the NAAWP newsletter.
Send to:
Ray Thomas Vice-President & National Director NAAWP National, Inc.
P.O.Box 130962 Tampa, Florida 33681
NAAWP cannot accept credit cards
for membership dues or merchandise.
We regret this inconvenience.
Money Orders and Checks Only, Please.
THANK YOU
From a member - Am about ready to retire and want to live out the rest of my life in peace. And yes I have paid "megabucks" into the system - never cheated on my income tax - for the glory of god and country. Am a VFW - name inscribed on local monument. -1 want my grandchildren to be proud Americans! The NAAWP is for me!
Advertisement Space Available
Contact NAAWP for Information and Rates
Join
NAAWP National
Become a Leader in your area.
SUPPORT WHITE RIGHTS
3
The 12 Steps (For Diversity Anonymous)
1.	We admitted that we were members of the White race - that racelessness is a fraud. Race is as basic as humanity itself. When a child is born, he looks for others like himself instinctively. In school, children wish to fit in and to be the same as everyone else. If they wear glasses they want to know others who wear glasses. If they are left-handed they want to know others who are left handed. But race goes even beyond this.
If you have paid attention at all to what has gone on in the entertainment media you will remember that for years the Nonwhites complained because they did not see members of their own race in the media. Why would that be important? The only way that can be important is if race is an important aspect of human existence. If we were all just people, and race didn't matter, then seeing only White people on the screen would be no different than having the mess that is on television today. The very fact that a stink was made by the Nonwhites, proves that race matters, and that racelessness, or "color blindness" is a fraud, created by those who wish to undermine the position of the Whites in our society.
Other examples which demonstrate that race matters are all of the organizations which promote Nonwhites in America. If race is unimportant, why would an organization even exist that promotes a single race? How can we justify a Negro college fund if there is no difference between Negroes and Caucasians? In fact, if races are all the same, then an all-White business would be the same as an all-Black business or a business which was filled with all the races of man.
If you travel from the East Coast to the West, you will see the same phenomena all the way across in the businesses of America. Stick your head in and take a look at the lunch rooms of the "equal
opportunity employers." Everywhere, you will see groups of Whites sitting together and groups of Blacks sitting together. At night they go their separate ways for the most part. People naturally tend to segregate themselves. If race has no meaning and is unimportant, why is that? The answer of course is that race matters very much.
Throughout history men have fought for their race. The only man who today in America has his birthday celebrated as a national holiday, is a Black man who fought for his race and was killed for his trouble. If race does not matter, then Martin Luther King, Jr. was fighting for nothing.
Following along with that line of reasoning, we are left with no choice but to accept that it is a hero's role to fight for his own race and ensure that it survives and flourishes. With this in mind, it is impossible to defend the concepts of racelessness, or "color blindness." That is why - We admitted that we were members of the White race - that racelessness is a fraud.
2.	Came to believe that by working together with others of our race, we could create a safe environment for perpetuating our race and a better existence for ourselves.
It is as firm a concept as is Mount Rushmore, that White societies are safer, more stable and superior places to live than are multicultural societies. It is clear, and completely documented that the United States of America in the 1950s, had cities that were significantly safer, schools that were significantly more effective in training students, and had people that were far more confident that their elected leaders were interested in their needs, while the freedom from government interference in the average citizen's life was significantly greater.
Since a White society will be safe, stable and well defended, against outside attack, not only are the individual members of the society going to be safe and secure, but the future of the White race itself will be secure. Each generation will produce new members of the White
4
race to perpetuate both the race and the society where it resides. This is how it has worked for millennia. If we reestablish the conditions of a White society then our race, and our way of life will be perpetuated.
Instead, today we have infused massive numbers of Nonwhites into our society. The effect has been to increase our crime rate dramatically, lower the efficiency of our school system to the point where today American companies cannot find enough Whites qualified to fill their employment needs, and to nearly wipe out the pride that Americans have had in being White and American. The safe society is fast slipping from our hands. The stability of our society is undermined to a greater and greater extent by the Nonwhites. This has led to a general weakening of our ability to defend ourselves over the long haul.
While this is going on, we also have a more insidious demon in our midst. We have people in charge of our media and of our government, who are promoting miscegenation. We have kids growing up who are being trained to kill then-race by mixing with other races. They are not taught the facts of life that when a race breeds with another race, the original race dies through attrition. Only by maintaining a strong taboo against miscegenation can the White race guarantee its own survival.
Looking at histoiy it is clear that the White man did conquer this continent and then he populated it. Since it has already been done once there is no doubt, that by working together with others of our race, we can create a safe environment for perpetuating our race, and a better existence for ourselves.
3.	Made a decision to place preservation and promotion of our race alongside that of family, as our number one concern.
What is the saddest event for a family? When the end of the line is reached.
(Continued on page 5) 12 Steps
(Continued from page 4) 12 Steps
When the last living member of a family name, and family history, is dying, he knows that no more of his family will ever walk the face of the earth again. It is a tragedy worse than personal death. And yet as sad as that event it, it is mitigated by the fact that others of the same race are still going to be here. Those of his race are all distant relatives. They carry on many of the traditions and much of the genetic history that his family did. His people go on.
There is a time approaching that will find us facing a far worse fate than the end of the line for a single family. When the day arrives when the last remaining member of the White race is dying, we will have reached the most dreadful day for our people. And it draws ever nearer. In the United States, there is a trend towards the death of the White race.
Replacement level reproduction is that level of reproduction where your population is stable and neither growing nor shrinking. It is calculated to be 2.1 children for each woman. I think that it is important that we note, by definition it is the woman who is tracked here and not the man. If the White race is merely going to maintain current levels. White women must maintain a reproduction rate on average, of 2.1 children. As the rest of the races have populations that are increasing rapidly, just standing still will be suicidal, but we are going one step beyond that. We are not even reaching replacement level.
In the US, the entire population has been below replacement level. Since the Nonwhites have been breeding in great numbers, that means, in order to maintain that figure, the Whites have been well below replacement level! After a few more years of current trends, you will see the bottom fall out on the White population, as its actual, rather than relative, numbers diminish, while massive Nonwhite immigration, and Nonwhite reproduction levels far in surplus of replacement level, combine to slam the significance of the White race into the dirt.
Within one half, to three quarters of a century, the United States will be no more of a White nation than South Africa is today. As the White South Africans are being raped today and exterminated tomorrow, this should give you pause. In fact it should help you make a decision to place preservation and promotion of our race alongside that of family as your number one concern.
4.	Made a searching and fearless inventory of all the activities of our society and our government as regards to our race.
Most White Americans today are running along in a haze. They make no inquiries, and they don't search any deeper than their television sets. They would not know where to begin in creating an inventory of the racial activities of our government. Yet they know something is wrong.
It does not require intimate knowledge of all the details of what is going on, step by step, in Washington. Just looking at the results is enough to make most White American uncomfortable. They see that their cities, and workplaces are growing ever more dark. They see that their schools are deteriorating. They look back to the times of their grandfathers with a bit of longing. They hear things like there will be a White minority in 2050 but they cannot tie that to what is the historical norm for the White population in the USA.
So, you hear bellyaching all over America today. You hear Whites whine about affirmative action but they go no farther. They tell you that integration is not such a good idea in their minds by moving away from it whenever they can. But once again they stop after taking the passive action. If the media was concerned even slightly about the Whites in America and would run a few stories on what is going on today, the Whites would be up in arms and ready to revolt. But that will not happen. Those who control the media are the same ones who started us down the road to extermination of the White race. And the White man takes all his cues from his worst enemies
5
- the Media Lords.
A searching and fearless inventory of all the activities of our society and our government as regards to our race will highlight the fact that we are being attacked. As happened to the pastor in the Scarlet Letter, we have taken our worst enemy into our house and he is working his sick and twisted will upon us. Think of what filth and disgusting ideas are brought into our White living rooms each night. Parents, who are otherwise loving people, expose their own offspring to pollution of the mind that is fearful to even conceive of. Inventory it, searchingly and fearlessly. The White man must mark down what he has allowed his children to behold and then hang his head in shame. Then he must act.
The government has been a great enemy as well. It has been the tool of the media, passing laws and court rulings which have destroyed our White society. This must be understood before corrective action can be taken. How was it that our neighborhoods moved, from the safe and quiet White housing tracts, to the racially diverse cesspools that sent the Whites scurrying like rats from a sinking ship, to the suburbs? It was by court order. The government insisted that our neighborhoods become diverse and thereby too foul for civilized life to exist.
How was it that our world class schools fell into ruin? By court order once again! The courts forced White schools to accept Nonwhites and that created an imbalance in several areas. The Black students were not able to keep pace, that slowed the curriculum down. The Black students had far less self discipline and that disrupted the classrooms, as well as increased the danger level for simply going to school. If that were not enough of a drain on the schools, the government started sending out its mandates. Mandates, which forced things into the schools like deviate sexual education, appreciation of other cultures while trashing American
(Continued on page 6) 12 Steps
(Continued from page 5) 12 Steps
culture (while at the same time insisting that there is no such thing as American culture), and other assorted outrages.
Again, the average White knows something is amiss, and politicians are playing to that with the school "voucher" idea. But they have not done an inventory yet and they do not realize that if the vouchers are issued, there will be strings attached to those vouchers. All White schools will not be allowed to exist. All of the other failings of the public schools will ultimately be enforced by law upon any school that accepts those vouchers. This is the history of the government ever since the leftists came to power. If an inventory is done that will become clear.
In order to have intelligent discussions, and to make intelligent and effective moves, one must understand what is going on. That is why we must make a searching and fearless inventory of all the activities of our society and our government as regards to our race.
S.	Identified exactly where our society, and our government, have failed - or actually attacked - our race and its future.
History is a great teacher. As we look back over US history we see that for most of the time our nation has been in existence, it has been very supportive of the White race. It is necessary that we understand what a government is like when it is in support of your people, in order to fully understand where our government has failed the White race, or to even grasp the concept that our government has failed the White race.
As we look at the history of our nation we see that our government had quotas on immigration to maintain the racial balance in our country. That is necessary if our race is to maintain its position in our nation. Our government no longer has those quotas, nor is it aggressively deporting illegal aliens. That is one clear area where our government has failed our race.
In society, we see that our entertainment industry has been indulging in an active campaign of promoting miscegenation. The music of other races and cultures are being promoted to our children as being "American." Advertisements are using Nonwhite actors, and even other languages, to sell products to us. It is a clear effort on the part of those who own the media to destroy our race and unbalance the racial makeup of America.
After your research is competed, you will have identified exactly where our society, and our government, have failed or actually attacked our race and its future.
6.	Were entirely ready to do whatever was required to rectify those societal and governmental attacks and failings towards our race and its future.
Knowing what is wrong is not enough. In fact, it is of no real value at all until you are ready to act on that information. Here is where the rubber meets the road. Here is where you move from a bench warmer to a player. Here is where you move from the passive to the active.
No longer will you be able to sit in blissful ignorance about what is happening to your race in your country. You now know what is happening in detail. You can no longer sit idly by, because you have now made the commitment that you are going to do your level best to fix what is wrong.
This step is internal. It requires you to achieve a state of mind. Much like the men did in the Civil War, you must choose what to do. Are you going to fight for your people or are you going to fight for the other side? Are you going to turn tail and run away from any action? You must make this choice. Only you can do it. Until you, of your own free will, make the decision to be an active supporter of your people, fully dedicated to preserving them, and promoting them, you are like driftwood, beautifully White but merely lying on the beach, serving no purpose. It is only with this decision firmly and wholeheartedly made, that you can effectively proceed to the following steps.
i p 6
Do not move past this step. Embrace it.
Completely embrace it. Embrace it until you can truly and honestly say, that you are entirely ready to do whatever is required to rectify those societal and governmental attacks and failings towards our race and its future.
7.	Dedicated our lives to the task of setting the things right for the members of our race in our country and in the world.
Here we move beyond the mental act of embracing the cause of our race, to the acting out of that mental decision. This is the action which stems from the completion of all of the previous steps.
Now that you know what is wrong, and you have accepted the cause of correcting the problem as your own, you now set out with vigor on the quest of the salvation of the White race.
Dedication is not a one time event. Each day, when you wake up, you are either focused on your cause or you are not. In the morning, as you work this step, you will tell yourself that you will accomplish something positive for your race, today.
Focus. Focus is the difference in Karate between a broken board, and a bruised knuckle on your fist. Focus allows all of your energy to be used constructively. Setting priorities is a form of focus. Always doing the most important things first is a form of focus. When you focus you get things done you never thought possible. Aim your punch one inch beyond the board, and CRACK! You feel the satisfying snap of the board.
All important causes are driven by dedication. If dedication is not there, then the cause dies. Our cause is too important to die. We must be dedicated to the task of setting the things right for the members of our race in our country and in the world.
(Continued on page 9) 12 Steps
What People in the South Think
To people who passed through those memorable days in Dixie, it seems queer to hear Southern men and women spoken of as "traitors," "rebels," "enemies of American liberty" and "foes of the Constitution." I know not what may have been the secret motives of wily leaders, if there were any such leaders, which I gravely doubt, but as for the people, nothing but patriotism pure and simple moved them to vote secession and to enlist in the army.
The people at the South felt just as confident that the people at the North contemplated a deliberate overthrow of the Republic as their fathers in the Revolution felt that King George was a tyrant. In all the public orations and private discussions the idea that slavery was the bone of contention never once entered the minds of the common people....
They understood that the Constitution of the United States was assailed, and that they were offering themselves for its defense. The question, as they understood it, was whether American liberty should be perpetuated or crushed by Northern monarchy.
Fighting for slavery? Think of the absurdity of the thing! The Southern army was largely made up of volunteers from the mountain regions. There were no slaves of consequence in that mountain country, and those poor mountaineers hated "stuck-up"
slave holders as cordially as a saint hates sin. True, they understood in a vague sort of way that there was some discussion on the subject of slavery in a general way, but to them this was only an incidental and irrelevant topic of public interest which was in no way connected with the question of secession.
The people understood that the question at issue was simply their right to manage their own affairs in their own States. If the North proposed to interfere with that right, what assurance had they that it would not take from them their homes and all their property? I know not what the leaders thought, but there was no mistaking the feelings and opinions of the common people....
I understood that in seceding the South held on to the Constitution, and the Declaration of Independence, and Bunker Hill W monument, and the life of George Washington....
We traitors? We rebels against the American government and enemies of the Constitution? Shades of Washington and Bunker Hill! Why, what were the people up in the mountains fighting for if not for the Constitution? .... What did they care about slavery? Hadn’t it been as a thorn in the flesh to them from time immemorial? Did not everybody know that the North had set aside the Constitution, throttled our liberty and pulled the tail feathers out of the American eagle?
-- Excerpted from Seventy Years In Dixie, by F.D. Srygley, Faith and Facts Press [Indianapolis, IN], first printing 1891.
Just some interesting facts:
Based on records prior to the summer break:
29 members of Congress have been accused of spousal abuse, 7 have been arrested for fraud, 19 have been accused of writing bad checks, 117 have bankrupted at least two businesses, 3 have been arrested for assault, 71 have credit reports so bad they can't qualify for a credit card, 14 have been arrested on drug-related charges, 8 have been arrested for shoplifting, 21 are current defendants in lawsuits, and in 1998 alone, 84 were stopped for drunk driving, but released after they claimed Congressional immunity.
Sounds to me like a lack of justice on capital hill
From a Member - As a white male adult, I am DAMN proud of who, what, & where I am. I feel however as if I am dying, I can’t believe the world I have brought a child into. Words cannot describe the ill I feel. I am 31 and I have to say that I am ashamed to call myself a white American sometimes. Is this all a dream? I can’t even say I am proud to be white without someone giving me a dirty look, or some ignorant adjective. It’s time for the strong (whites) to wake up and realize what a mistake we made giving certain people a chance. We need to accept we made a mistake and deal with it now. I’m for all people getting along, but it is clear non-whites don’t see it that way, why should we have to take this anymore? As I said, we’ve made a big mis-take, now we need to correct it...
JURY NULLIFICATION
Friends, Great job in DECATUR, ILLINOIS!! Well-done! That's an admirable start for all to see that some Caucasians still have a backbone! all the best, G.C.
The Murder of Officer Danny Faulkner
the real victims--a police officer and his wife
On December 9, 1981, at approximately 3:55 a.m., Officer Danny Faulkner, a five year veteran of the Philadelphia Police Department, made a traffic stop at Locust Street near Twelfth Street.
The car stopped by Officer Faulkner was being driven by William Cook.
After making the stop, Danny called for assistance on his police radio and requested a police wagon to transport a prisoner. Unbeknownst to him, William Cook's brother, Wesley (aka Mumia Abu-Jamal) was across the street.
As Danny attempted to handcuff William Cook, Mumia Abu-Jamal ran from across the street and shot the officer in the back. Danny turned and was able to fire one shot that struck Abu-Jamal in the chest; the wounded officer then fell to the pavement.
Mumia Abu-Jamal stood over the downed officer and shot him four more times at close range, once directly in the face.
Mumia Abu-Jamal was found still at the scene of the shooting by officers who arrived there within seconds. The murderer was slumped against the curb in front of his brothers car. In
his possession was a .38 caliber revolver that records showed Mumia had purchased months earlier. The chamber of the gun had five spent cartridges.
A cab driver, as well as other pedestrians, had witnessed the brutal slaying and identified Mumia Abu-Jamal as the killer both at the scene and during his trial.
On July 2, 1982, after being tried before a jury often whites and two blacks, Mumia Abu-Jamal was convicted of murdering Officer Danny Faulkner.
The next day, the jury sentenced him to death after deliberating for two hours.
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania heard the defendants appeals and upheld the conviction on March 6, 1989.
Officer Danny Faulkner joined the ranks of those courageous officers who have given their lives to keep our nation's streets safe and free.
Danny and his wife, Maureen, had been married only slightly more than a year. Now, she was left a widow with only her memories of the young officer to comfort her and dreams of the life they could have shared together.
Danny and Maureen Faulkner are the real victims of that horrible night in December, 1981. It is for them that we seek justice.
FROM A PROSPECTIVE
NAAWP MEMBER
I wish to become a full, active member of the NAAWP because:
I am sickened at what this wonderful country has been reduced to.
I am thoroughly disgusted that our children do not seem to know what patriotism is and that we as parents have been content to sit back and allow people like W. J. Clinton to tell us that the United States has no use for heroism and that it's OK to be gay and colorblind and that I shouldn't be concerned that my brilliant child's education has been neglected in order to accommodate and spare the self esteem of those who cannot mentally compare to him.
That we have no need for the Constitution without which this country would never have become the greatest nation on earth.
I have long been weary of listening to the ranting of those who would condemn me for exactly what they are guilty of, especially when it is MY hard work which has allowed them to find their voice.
I am heartbroken at the sight of the neighborhood where 1 grew up, but am no longer able to visit because it may as well be a Mexican slum, and I might very well be shot if I am the wrong color and it pisses me off while I have to sit through 15 minutes of- "Quiero habla en espanol? Marque el numero uno."- in order to speak to someone at my bank or my school or even my state representative.
This is not the United States of Mexico, or Africa and...
I WILL NOT BE DISARMED.
I WILL NOT BE ASHAMED.
AND... I WILL NOT BE GLOBALIZED!
AND... BY GOD,
NEITHER WILL MY CHILDREN IF I CAN HELP IT!
_ M 8
8.	Made a list of all things that we could identify as being an attack on, or a hazard to, the perpetuation of our race, the status of our race in our own lands, and the general happiness of the members of our race.
In order to solve a problem, it is necessary to understand the problem. The better we understand it, the more likely that we will find a solution that is efficient and effective. In completing Step 4, we have made an inventory of what our government is doing in the area of race. In Step 5 we established that our government is attacking our race. Now we must identify actual activities of the government which are working against our race.
Some of the things are easy to spot. Forced integration obviously was not intended to enhance the well-being of the members of the White race. Looking at what happened to our schools and neighborhoods as a result of forced integration, it is clear that this one belongs on the Step 8 list. It is clear that Affirmative Action is neither meant to help the White race, nor is it race neutral. It is specifically designed to hold back the White race from taking its rightful place in the centers of higher learning, and in the workplace. Another item for the list.
Other things must be considered for a time, to determine whether or not they are harmful to our people. An example might be, the Martin Luther King, Jr. holiday. Here is a day set aside, a paid federal holiday, to celebrate the birthday of a man. At first blush, this looks neutral. What difference can a holiday make? After due consideration of the rest of the calendar, it is determined that White men who were far greater, far more intelligent, and far more important to the vast majority of people in the United States, do not have their birthdays as national holidays. George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, and Robert E. Lee, were all men who stood head and shoulders over the Marxist King. Most people in America do not even know
when their birthdays are anymore, let alone get them off as national holidays!
What this says to our children is, if a man has a cause, and he is willing to further that cause at the expense of 90% of the population, he should be a national hero. If instead, a man risks his life and fortune for the entire countiy, he is not important enough to be considered for a national holiday.
Slightly more subtle is the idea that simply because we finally had a Black man in our society that did something significantly in the field of politics we must hold him up as something very special because Black people are special. The implication is that Blacks are superior to White people. Of course, the opposite could be gleaned from this whole thing if the right angle were taken. If a man who did no more than the Marxist King did, is the best that the Black race has to offer, it is a pitiful statement on the Black race indeed.
As the list of items grows, the picture of what we are up against becomes clearer. It begins to wipe away all the misconceptions that you had about your government. You realize that there is being waged an active and effective war against you and your people. You now know what is wrong, and therefore, what needs to be changed to rectify the harm that has been done.
9.	Took positive action towards rectifying each item on the list created in Step 8.
For action to be most effective, it must be organized. So, first comes the planning phase. Using the list created in step 8, you identify real activities that you can perform to assist in removing each item on that list. Make a list of what you can do, like writing letters, creating web pages, making phone calls, handing out pamphlets, writing books, organizing marches, talking with people you know, or those you do not know, writing songs, or any other task that you feel will help. Come up with something for each item, no matter how small. Perhaps you have wanted to write your congressman but
have put it off? Now is the time to cast
off the habit of putting things off for things concerning your race.
Next comes the doing phase. For each task that you listed, put a date beside it that you expect to have it completed by. Make it a fair date. A date that is reasonable and that you can really work with. (Do not set yourself up for failure by making the date too soon. At the same time, do not set the date out beyond what you need, or you may find you never get around to it.)
You now have a list of tasks that you have set for yourself, and the dates by when you will have these tasks completed. You have a dedication in your heart for your people, which will give you the drive to complete your tasks. You know that when your tasks are completed, no matter how small they may be, your race will be better off for it. You have made a positive contribution to your race. YES!
10.	Continued to inventory and identify all things in the society which are harmful to our race, and to take positive action towards correcting each item found.
The 12 steps are never finished. They are worked, and then worked again. Perfection is approached but not actually attained. The subject of race is too deep to ever completely reach total understanding. It is a lifelong series of learning events, as we grow in understanding.
Even when our society is 100% White, we will need to be vigilant to things which the government will do that may be destructive to our race. While our society continues to have a growing population of Nonwhites, the potential for harmful government policies and activities is veiy high indeed. We must be ever alert. And we must always be proactive. We must meet the threat before it reaches maturity, always. That is the secret to victoiy.
(Continued on page 11) 12 Steps
NAAWP
Caps and Shirts
with NAAWP logo
Caps (black only) are $10.00 T-shirts s-m-l-XL, 12.00 ea. Sweatshirts are
$15.00 each
Caps are one size fits all Shirts (black or white) with NAAWP logo
Don’t forget to state your shirt size !
(FI. Residents add sales tax) plus 2.95 S&H.
Send your order to:
NAAWP P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
From a member
I am a college student here in Arizona, and 1 find myself continually defending my White heritage, and rights against my fellow students.
The worst part about this is the majority of them are White!
The guilt that has been forced into the minds of young White Americans over issues that we had absolutely nothing to do with is disgusting. I was fortunate enough to have some pride instilled in my family values growing up.
From defending the Confederate flag to protesting antiwhite scholarship funds, I find myself fighting an uphill battle against the ones that should be joining our cause.
This is very disheartening and makes me veiy worried for the future of our people and OUR country.
I am a white police officer and want to promote my race and inform the ignorant general public of the real dangers that are approaching us with the black menace. And the New World Order. T.M.
DECATUR, ILLINOIS - It Makes me want to cry for Joy. It is a proud Day for Us. May god Help Us to grow and grow. I've never ever felt alone since Joining this Great organization. I would like to send my Deepest regards to all who attended Decatur, and thanks for making my Voice heard. I wish you all a Very Merry Christmas and a New year. I wish I could have been there.. Love you all
The NAAWP needs your support. Buy goods with the NAAWP logo.
Three guys were working on a high rise building project:
Steve, Bill and Charlie. Steve falls off and is killed instantly.
As the ambulance takes the body away, Charlie says, "Someone should go and tell his wife."
Bill says, "OK, I'm pretty good at that sensitive stuff, I'll do it."
2 hours later, he comes back carrying a 6-pack. Charlie says, "Where did you get that, Bill?" "Steve's wife gave it to me."
"That's unbelievable, you told the lady her husband was dead and she gave you the beer."
Bill says,"Well not exactly. When she answered the door, I said to her, 'You must be Steve's widow.'" She said, "'No, I'm not a widow." And I said,
"Wanna bet me a six-pack?"
CONCERNING OUR FUTURE
(Continued from page 9) 12 Steps
We can never let down our guard, but we must rather continue to inventory and identify all things in the society which are harmful to our race, and take positive action towards correcting each item found.
11.	Sought through daily contemplation, and the study of world events to increase our awareness of what the survival needs of our people are, and the most effective ways of improving their condition in the world.
As we grow older and wiser, we see deeper layers to problems. We see enemy actions with greater experience and knowledge, and therefore greater understanding. We become more effective warriors in the battle for our race. The process of growing wise is accelerated through contemplation and study. Gathering facts and mentally organizing them, adds weapons to our arsenal in the battle for our people. Identifying cause and effect, searching out weaknesses in the enemy, and strengthening the areas in which we are weak, all contribute to our ultimate victory.
We have the great Internet today to assist us in this gathering of knowledge. We must use it! It can give us the knowledge we need to be victorious!
12.	Having had a racial awakening as a result of these steps, we carried this message to other members of our race, using our individual talents to ignite a burning desire in all of our people to first insure survival of our race, and then to promote the general welfare of our people.
Why is McDonald's a billion dollar business? Is it because one store sells a billion dollars worth of hamburgers? No, the reason that McDonald's is so big is because the first store was duplicated, and so was the second and so on, until there are now innumerable McDonald's establishments all around the world. Each one of the stores makes a profit but added together, the modest profits of one store are multiplied by thousands and thousands, to create the huge profits of the entire chain.
Here is where the strength of our race must be. We must not be only individuals, here and there, who are racially aware, but we must help others to become aware. In this way we can grow like McDonald's did, from a small movement, to a huge megalith of White people, proud of their race and highly motivated to survive, and thrive as a people.
fie Twelve Stepg
Reno,
I appreciate you taking the time to debate this issue. - I'm sure you are a very busy person.- Of course, we are all entitled to our own opinions, especially from where we stand and view the world we live in. - I was bom during WWII and have witnessed many many changes in America during my lifetime. - Don't recall ANY that benefited our race in any way, shape or form.
The minorities are being used against us by our TRUE enemies. - You believe that we will not disappear and that we are not as far down the tube as I think. - I don't know, but it doesn't appear encouraging. - With increasing multiculturalism, diversity, forced integration, lost rights for whites, accusations of hate crimes directed only at us, brainwashing of our children in the government screwls, the reputations of our Founding Fathers and heroes are attacked, diminished and forgotten by our young. - Eveiywhere you turn you see our people race-mixing.
While our TRUE enemies have complete control of all forms of media, have much control of our government and with this mass non-white immigration soon to outnumber us, we haven't much solid ground to stand on. - Also, our people have become lazy and complacent. - It doesn't look good.
Throughout my life I usually judged/predicted things in general in the world — through history, past performance, reputation and the direction/path people in general are on. -Most of the time I've been correct in my assumptions/beliefs. - From a very young age I've studied people and have been very observant. - I'm still not sure if it's been a blessing or a curse.
You claim that a year from now I'll see how much the NAAWP will have grown. - Well, I certainly hope so for our sake. R.G.
11
jesse jackson’s
March for Justice
I'm sure that by now everyone has heard about the "Reverend" Jesse Jackson's 'March for Justice' held November 7th, in Decatur, Illinois, in which he vehemently defends six Black youths who face criminal charges and expulsion for rioting during a football game at Decatur's Eisenhower High School last September 17th.
If you've seen the video tape, then you've seen for yourself how vicious these people are. Having seen the tape myself, several questions come to mind.
The first is:
How can anyone with 'Reverend' in front of his name defend these animals without being embarrassed beyond belief? It seems to me that if Jackson truly cared about these kids, he would be smacking their heads together trying to teach them that violence is completely unacceptable behavior and that if they get expelled for life, it would be exactly what they deserve. If those were my children, they would be begging to go to jail in order to avoid the trouble they would be in at home!
The second is:
Why does Jackson, who claims to be a man of God, insist on promoting more racial tension rather than attempting to spread the true word of God which is, (unless the nuns have been lying to me all these years) PEACE. What happened to
Thou shalt not kill? Instead he promotes by defending these people exactly what he claims to be against. It seems to me that if he were truly a man of God, he would have these barbarians on their knees begging forgiveness and taking their just punishment. More than likely their sentences would not be carried out to their fullest extent if they showed the slightest remorse. The law tends to go easier on those who admit their wrongdoing and work to demonstrate a desire to become civilized people. What his actions say to me is; violence is good and one should be able to maim at will without consequence.
My third and most important question is:
Why has Jesse Jackson chosen to completely ignore the child who was being chased through the bleachers until he was caught by these thugs after falling to his knees and was then beaten down? I don't know who that kid was or what his part may have been in this horrid display of barbarism, but it certainly appeared that he was running for his life.
Why isn't Jackson or any of his marching band of malevolent morons crying out for justice for this child's right to attend a football game 0.
Why isn't Jackson or any of his marching band of malevolent morons standing up for this child whose right to attend a football game without being beaten half to death has been violated?! This is a fine world we live in when a man of God stands up for the rights of criminals rather than the rights of those who have been wronged!
Dear Adversity Net:
I am writing to you because my husband, Dean has been involved in a reverse-discrimination case that is nearing summary judgment in Oct. - Nov. 1999.
M&M Mars was his employer (he has been laid off)- Mars is the maker of M&M’s, Snickers,Twix, and many other top selling candy brands. They are one of the top private companies in the country. This is truly a David versus Goliath lawsuit. Portland, Oregon - A lawsuit filed in the Federal District Court, has been filed involving candy maker, M&M/ Mars.
The Title VII reverse discrimination suit alleges that Dean Schmitz, a white manager, was harassed by his African American manager, causing damage to Mr. Schmitz career. Plaintiff Dean Schmitz charges that his M&M/Mars manager issued both career and personal threats against him when Mr. Schmitz issued a low performance rating to an African American sales representative. Schmitz states that these threats included statements such as "I will cause you personal trouble" (due to Schmitz low rating of the sales rep), and "I'm black (the manager), Darrel is black (the sales rep) ... need I say more?" Upon refusing to change the rating, the African American manager retaliated by attaching negative documents to Mr. Schmitz's performance review, without informing Mr. Schmitz of this fact.
Dean Schmitz states that the harassment occurred in 1995 and 1996, when the sales personnel chain of command in Hackettstown, N.J., were 3 African American men. During a performance review meeting, one of the African American men allegedly used a picture of the low performing African American sales rep, to influence the decision with the managers present.Mr. Schmitz reports that Mars' Sales Personnel Department would normally help the associates find a resolution with these types of actions by a manager. But during the time Schmitz experienced racial harassment by his black boss, his chain of command consisted of 3 black males. Mr. Schmitz alleges that Mr. Ruffin used his Personnel rep, John McCottrell, a black, during his threats and intimidation. As a result of the ongoing verbal threats, the tampering with his personnel file, and the racially hostile work environment, Mr. Schmitz was forced to file a Title VII court case.
Mr. Schmitz writes: "I attended an EEOC mediation in February, 1998, and felt steps needed to be taken. At this mediation, the company denied little of the documented harassment, and we did not reach agreement. The EEOC then told me that an investigation would begin in 3-4 months. Three weeks later, the investigation was finished with a negative finding! The EEOC investigator talked only to people taking the Mars position, while not interviewing me, or any witnesses I listed!" An internal investigation was headed up by M&M /Mars Vice President of Personnel, Maxine
Coleman, an African American. The investigation substantiated the long-term pattern of harassment by the African American manager. The harassing manager remains in his position despite these charges. Dean, a 16-year employee, states because his performance reviews were tampered with by his manager, he was laid off in August from his management position. Being 5 years away from his pension, he interviewed for 5 open positions with Mars, and was not hired. He is now filing a retaliation case with the EEOC, which constitutes a second, separate case.
Since the 1998 mediation, the M&M /Mars Sales Personnel Department has actually added several white males to their staff, better reflecting the racial makeup of the sales force. The three black males who were Dean’s chain of command, have all left the company. After his first experience with the EEOC, Dean had serious concerns with getting a complete and fair investigation. (Under 3% of reverse discrimination investigations by the EEOC result in a discrimination finding!) Dean contacted his State US Senator, Gordon Smith, for the second time to get his support.
Senator Smith responded immediately with a letter to Dean. He is asking the EEOC to respond to HIM immediately with their findings.
The case is in the Oregon District Court, to be heard by Judge Anzer Haggerty.
The Case Number is CV -98-825-HA.
I wonder if racism is the governments way of creating strife so the people won’t notice the shenanigans that go on in our government...
WHEN THE COMMUNISTS TOOK OVER..........
a country, one of the first things that they did was to confiscate all the privately-held weapons, to deny the people the physical ability tb resist tyranny. But even more insidious than the theft of the people's weapons was the theft of their history.
Official Communist "historians" rewrote history to fit the current party line. In many countries, revered national heroes were excised from the history books, or their real deeds were distorted to fit Communist ideology, and Communist killers and criminals were converted into official "saints." Holidays were declared in honor of the beasts who murdered countless nations.
Did you know that much the same process has occurred right here in America?
Every January, the media go into a kind of almost spastic frenzy of adulation for the so-called "Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King, Jr." King has even had a national holiday declared in his honor, an honor accorded to no other American, not Washington, not Jefferson, not Lincoln. (Washington and Lincoln no longer have holidays -- they share the generic-sounding "President's Day.")
A liberal judge has sealed the FBI files on King until the year 2027. What are they hiding? Let's take a look at this modern-day plastic god.
Bom in 1929, King was the son of a Black preacher known at the time only as "Daddy King." "Daddy King" named his son Michael. In 1935, "Daddy King" had an inspiration to name himself after the Protestant reformer Martin Luther. He declared to his congregation that henceforth they were to refer to him as "Martin Luther King" and to his son as "Martin Luther King, Jr." None of this name changing was ever legalized in court. "Daddy" King's son's real name is to this day Michael King.
King's Brazen Cheating
We read in Michael Hoffman's "Holiday for a Cheater": The first public sermon that King ever gave, in 1947 at the Ebenezer Baptist Church, was plagiarized from a homily by Protestant clergyman Harry Emerson Fosdick entitled "Life is What You Make It," according to the testimony of King's best friend of that time. Reverend Larry H. Williams.
The first book that King wrote, "Stride Toward Freedom, —was plagiarized from numerous sources, all un-attributed, according to documentation recently assembled by sympathetic King scholars Keith D. Miller, Ira G. Zepp, Jr., and David J. Garrow.
And no less an authoritative source than the four senior editors of "The Papers of Martin Luther King, Jr.-- (an official publication of the Martin Luther King Center for Nonviolent Social Change, Inc., whose staff includes King's widow Coretta), stated of King's writings at both Boston University and Crozer Theological Seminary:	"Judged
retroactively by the standards of academic scholarship, [his writings] are tragically flawed by numerous instances of plagiarism....
Appropriated passages are particularly evident in his writings in his major field of graduate study, systematic theology." King's essay, "The Place of Reason and Experience in Finding God," written at Crozer, pirated passages from the work of theologian Edgar S. Brightman, author of "The Finding of God--.
Another of King's theses, "Contemporary Continental Theology," written shortly after he entered Boston University, was largely stolen from a book by Walter Marshall Horton. King's doctoral dissertation, "A Comparison of the Conceptions of God in the Thinking of Paul Tillich and Harry Nelson Wieman," for which he was awarded a PhD in theology, contains more than fifty complete sentences plagiarized from the PhD dissertation of Dr. Jack Boozer,
"The Place of Reason in Paul Tillich's Concept of God." According to "The Martin Luther King Papers", in King's dissertation "only 49 per cent of sentences in the section on Tillich contain five or more words that were King's own...."!
In "The Journal of American History", June 1991, page 87, David J. Garrow, a leftist academic who is sympathetic to King, says that King's wife, Coretta Scott King, who also served as his secretary, was an accomplice in his repeated cheating.
Reading Garrow's article, one is led to the inescapable conclusion that King cheated because he had chosen for himself a political role in which a PhD would be useful, and, lacking the intellectual ability to obtain the title fairly, went after it by any means necessary.
Why, then, one might ask, did the professors at Crozer Theological Seminary and Boston University grant him passing grades and a PhD?
Garrow states on page 89: "King's academic compositions, especially at Boston University, were almost without exception little more than summary descriptions ... and comparisons of other's writings. Nonetheless, the papers almost always received desirable letter grades, strongly suggesting that King's professors did not expect more...."
The editors of "The Martin Luther King Jr. Papers" state that "...the failure of King's teachers to notice his pattern of textual appropriation is somewhat remarkable...."
But researcher Michael Hoffman tells us "...actually the malfeasance of the professors is not at all remarkable. King was politically correct, he was Black, and he had ambitions. The leftist [professors were] happy to award a doctorate to such a candidate no matter how much fraud was involved.
Nor is it any wonder that it has taken
(Continued on page 16) King
14
On Sept. 16, 1999 Bill Gates, Mr. Microsoft himself, told a stunned nation that he is excluding white children from $1 billion in scholarship funds.
But Gates has "misrepresented the truth". Gates is really only donating 25% to 35% of that amount. See financial calculations, below.
Nonetheless, it is a shameful thing, even a racist thing, when one of the world's wealthiest men feels a need to intentionally discriminate against disadvantaged white children.
Ward Connerly, the soft-spoken figurehead of several state initiatives ending racial quotas and preferences, said:	"We are delighted Mr. Gates is
using some of his fortune to help minority students. The last time we
checked, though, the fortune amassed by the success of Microsoft was from people of all racial backgrounds - minorities and non-minorities alike."
Connerly continued:	"By requiring
scholarship recipients to fit a narrow racial profile, the Gates Foundation would discriminate against nonminorities. Why tell an underprivileged white youth that he or she need not apply for one of these scholarships?"
Gates said that the $1 billion racially-discriminatory scholarships (or the more accurate $350 million) will be administered by a racial triumvirate comprised of the United Negro College Fund, the Hispanic Scholarship Fund, and the American Indian College fund. Notably absent from Gates' list of scholarship administrators were organizations dedicated to the benefit of disadvantaged white students (European Americans) and Asian students.
Predictably, the head of the United Negro College Fund, William H. Gray III, virtually chortled with joy when he said that Gates' beneficence will double or triple the number of black, Hispanic and
American Indian Ph.D.'s in science, engineering and other fields over the next decade. (Like his benefactor, UNCF's Gray seemed to deliberately omit white and Asian students from his predictions of academic success.)
Bill Gates' message to students thus appears to be two-fold:
(1)	Only persons of certain races are deserving of my gift. There are no disadvantaged white kids out there.
(2)	Race is the most important criterion for determining charity.
Gates tried to put his self-serving spin on the story when he said: "Not too many people in their 40s who are still engaged in a very demanding job give away a substantial portion of their wealth." Unless, of course, they happen to be a filthy rich, anti-competitive monopolist who cut a deal with Clinton's pro-quota Department of Justice:	"Let	Microsoft (Bill Gates)
dominate the software market, and Microsoft will take care of your (Bill Clinton's) pet racial quota programs.
“CAUCASIAN JEANS”
ARE HERE!

The NAAWP National is now the main distributor of “Caucasian” brand jeans! These high quality jeans are comparable to that famous brand from San Francisco and worn throughout the 50’s and 60’s! The style # is 5650, same as the San Francisco Brand of “565’s”, sold throughout the world! At this time, there is ONLY 1,000 pair available! Sizes available are 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, and 42 Waist, and 30,
32, and 34 length.
The cost of these “historic” jeans is only $43.95 per pair! They are made of the highest quality material and made in America! They are the “loose fit” type that are very popular today. Truckers will like them because there is an extra “inch” where it matters, and there will be NO “binding” for those who sit at length, doing America’s work! To Order: Send $43.95 to NAAWP National, at P.O.Box 1727, Callahan, and FI. 32011.
Please specify your Size! Get those “Caucasian” Jeans, and
support the NAAWP!
(Continuedfrom page 14) King
forty years for the truth about King's record of nearly constant intellectual piracy to be made public."
Supposed scholars, who in reality shared King's vision of a racially mixed and Marxist America, purposely covered up his cheating for decades. The cover-up still continues.
From the "New York Times" of October 11,1991, page 15, we learn that on October 10th of that year, a committee of researchers at Boston University admitted that, "There is no question
but that Dr. King plagiarized in the dissertation." However, despite its finding, the committee said that "No thought should be given to the revocation of Dr. King's doctoral degree," an action the panel said "would serve no purpose."
No purpose, indeed! Justice demands that, in light of his willful fraud as a student, the "reverend" and the "doctor" should be removed from King's name.
Superbowl Tickets
A guy named Bob receives a free ticket to the Superbowl from his company. Unfortunately, when Bob arrives at the stadium he realizes the seat is in the last row in the comer of the stadium — he is closer to the Goodyear Blimp than the field. About halfway through the first quarter, Bob notices an empty seat 10 rows off the field right on the 50 yard line. He decides to take a chance and makes his way through the stadium and around the security guards to the empty seat. As he sits down, he asks the gentleman sitting next to him, "Excuse me, is anyone sitting here?" The man says no. Now, very excited to be in such a great seat for the game, Bob again inquires of the man next to him, "This is incredible! Who in their right mind would have a seat like this at the Superbowl and not use it?" The man replies, "Well, actually, the seat belongs to me, I was supposed to come with my wife, but she passed away. This is the first Superbowl we haven't been to together since we got married in 1967." "Well, that's really sad," says Bob, "but still, couldn't you find someone to take the seat? A relative or a close friend?" "No," the man replies, "they're all at the funeral."
NAAWP VISION STATEMENT
"Achieve a credible and recognized standing within the U.S. judicial system, to represent white people as a class and others wronged by discriminatory practices and other actions, bring about a white population knowledgeable of their rights as citizens with a sense of pride in their heritage, foster a spirit of "togetherness" to enable white people to stand strong as one class of persons to protect their rights and possessions, promote an attitude of "Equal Rights for White People" with special favors for no persons or race"
NAAWP MISSION STATEMENT
“To educate and inform white citizens regarding civil matters of law which seek to compromise white citizens in favor of minority special interests. Provide for a common assembly of meeting and pooling of concerns for white people. Voice and represent the rights for white people to the various levels of government agencies within the United States primarily, but also the international community."
RENO WOLFE
White Americans want equal rights Not special privileges for a few

/X'.wJV.SV.SvWfXv.Ny.SM■



.•.v.v.v.v.v.v

liiiiililiIII
w
Ray Thomas or Diane Thomas National Director(s) P.O. Box 130962 Tampa, FL 33681
(813) 274-4988 Ray - naawp@juno.com Diane - naawp3@juno.com
Reno Wolfe CEO/President P.O. Box 1727 Callahan, FL 32011
(904) 766-2253 NAAWP 1 @mediaone.net

16
Disclaimer - Publisher reserves the right to accept or refuse any advertisements and to edit or alter or omit advertisements for any reason at any time. The Publisher reserves the right to place the words "Paid Advertisement" with advertisement copy. Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications, or services within this publication does not imply endorsement of that product, service, or publication by NAAWP. NAAWP makes no warranty of any kind with respect to the subject matter included herein, the products listed herein, or the completeness or accuracy of this publication.
NAAWP STAMP DRIVE
sr — nr
I wish to thank everyone who responded to our request for stamps. However, we fell far short of our goal for member participation. Ten percent of the membership can’t, nor should they, support the other ninety percent. Keep in mind that we have grown greatly in 1998, and we need to continue!
The stamps and stamp donations enabled us to send out packets of information to our Chapter Leaders. These cost $3.00 each to send out. An information packet to inquires and requests are $1.01 each. To send out the Rules and Regulations, with a cover letter, is .78 cents. As you can see, a book of stamps can go real quick! Then there is the letters sent out to those who are about to expire, then the confirmation letter back with their membership card. It all adds up to a great postage expense. This is why we need more than just 10% of the organization to contribute.
We are growing real fast as the only White Civil Rights Organization in the country. The Junior NAAWP National Website (naawp.net) is reaching out to our youth across America. The NAAWP National sites, (naawp.org and naawp.com) are “hit” hundreds of times a week. We are on the threshold of one of the greatest movements in the history of this nation, and doing it legally without violence or threats of violence.
Liberals say that it can’t be done. I know it CAN be done! Look what has happened in California with Proposition 209, and Proposition 200 in Washington state! We can do it, however, it takes more than 10% of our membership to do it. To those of you who have not sent stamps, it is only $6.60 for 1 book. Please help us answer the many who seek us for help and information.
TELL IT LIKE IT IS !
I
Only inferior White women date outside of their race.
Be proud of your heritage, don’t be a race-mixing Slut!
Kingdom Identity Ministries P.O. Box 1021 Harrison, AR 72602 http://www.kingidentfty.com
iL.
ACTUAL SIZE
Self-adhesive Decals, Black Ink on Fluorescent Yellow Paper - 75 For $5.00 Assorted Color Vinyl - 50 For $5.00 Order From:
Ptngfrmn Jfoeztiito JHinistrras
P.O. Box 1021 Harrison, AR 72602
17