“And you will know the truth, and truth will set you free” (Jesus Christ, John 8:32).
April, 2001	www.nationalistfreepress.com	Vol.	I,	No.	4
The Mongrelizing Of America
by Mike Rose
The new census figures are starting to come out and Israel Zangwill would be happy. Israel Zangwill was the English Jew who coined the term “melting-pot” in his Zionist novel Melting Pot, where he advocates mass-immigration and race-mixing in America, though he was also a leader at the First Zionist Congress in the 1890s, wanting a country for himself and his fellow mongrel Jews while everybody else lived in America and formed a “melting-pot.” His philosophy was simple: Jews should get their own place but the white man must be exterminated in the country that had once been his own, America, through continued immigration and race-mixing. Well, his dream is coming true.
The census information is being released on a state by state basis and many of the numbers are truly astounding in terms of what is happening in some states. Texas and California have long been dominated by Mexicans, but now the Mexicans are branching out. In Oklahoma, for example, the number of Hispanics has doubled in the last ten years. In Arkansas, the number of Hispanics quadrupled in the last ten years. Hispanics (and Asians) doubled in Nevada. The number of Hispanics also doubled in Kansas in the
Also in this issue ..	•
Superman vs. Ubermensch	2
Marc Rich Pardon	4
Out with the Old, In with the Jew	7
Did Funding to Israel End?	7
Insult to Injury	8
New Statistics for AIDS among Blacks	11
There Goes the Neighborhood	11
Subscription Info/Enquiries	12
last ten years. In every state, the percentage of people reported as non-Hispanic white has dropped, while the percentages reported for so-called minorities has greatly increased. In Colorado, the number of Hispanics grew so much that there are now over 735,000. Nationally, the percentages reported are:
69% non-Hispanic white 12.5% Hispanic 12.1% Black
Continued on page 2...
Australia Is Not A Free Country
by Ben Kolder
There is a great misunderstanding by the majority of Australians that we are living in a free country (well, free to Asians is right) but the truth is a lot different. So many times some idiot tells me that it is good to live in a democracy because if you don’t like what the government is doing you can vote them out. What crap - we have either a Labor or Liberal government in power and no voting can change that, and the politicians make the rules so no one can stop their two party dictatorship. Both the Liberal and Labor parties are servants of the international Jew and they have set-up the system so that no true alternative can break their grip of power.
One current example of how these dishonest bastards keep their hold is by banning people from voicing an opinion that is contrary to their objective. If you cannot speak up about the injustices they commit against the white Australian people, there is no way you can organize any legal political attack on the system.
The state government of Victoria has
Continued on page 10...
—•—  -------rhnc* rtf th/» tmrhnrc nnH not n^r*»scnril v nf Hi NFP Of LtS editors.
o
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
The Mongrelizing of America cont....
3.6% Asian
1.0% Other
These numbers show that for the first time, Hispanics actually outnumber blacks. Bpt they do not tell the whole story. For one thing, the category “non-Hispanic white” is self-reported by many people who clearly are not white, including Jews and millions more who are “crossed-over;” that is, they have a non-white ancestor but consider themselves white. The percentage of actual white people is much lower, though it is difficult to determine how much lower.
The other major aspect of these numbers that can be misleading is that the non-His-panic white category contains many more elderly people than the minority categories do. For example, the percentage of people identified as “multiracial” is double among those under the age of 18 compared to those over 18. Overall, 40% of Americans under the age of 18 fall into one of the non-white categories (instead of 31%), and again these numbers are underreported. In reality, well over 50% of children under the age of 18 are non-white. In other words, whites under the age of 18 are a minority already.
The new census figures are also skewed because of the countless number of illegal aliens (almost all Hispanic) who were not counted. The presence of so many Hispanics also increases the amount of race-mixing because they are going to live, in more and more rural locations where blacks have traditionally not gone. They have already conquered California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, south Florida, and New York City and now they are branching out into the Iowas and Kansases.
With the continued immigration, whites could be a numerical minority in this country within a generation, which certainly spells the end for democracy for whites. Yet it Is obvious that most whites are appalled at what is happening. White flight has been occurring in our larger cities for decades, but a new wave of white flight is occurring as the populations in the cities swell and the nonwhites begin to overtake the suburbs. The population of Prince George County, Maryland, for example, is 800.000, of which
500,000 are black. But the remaining whites are fleeing as fast as they can, so much so that many expect the county to become all black.
But many of the same whites who flee blacks openly embrace Asians. A large percentage of Asians routinely many whites, and this type of race-mixing is actually a bigger problem than white/black race-mixing, as is Hispanic/white race-mixing. Plus the birth rate among whites is lower than the birth rate among non-whites, again fueling the extinction of whites in America.
Superman vs.
Ubermensch
by Joseph Wallace
The Jews have long tried to accuse the Germans of World War II of having some sort of “superman” complex. They like to talk about the German use of the word Ubermensch and many people today will tell you that the Ubermensch or Superman was all part of some Nazi idea of superiority. In fact, the concept of Ubermensch was created by Frederick Nietzsche, not Adolf Hitler. Nietzsche used the term philosophically to describe someone who “transcends the limits of traditional morality to live purely by the will to power.” Of course, the Jews will tell you that Hitler and the Nazis were followers of the philosophy of Nietzsche, but as you might expect, if the Jews say it, nothing could be further from the truth.
Such a claim is made through the old “guilty-by-association” technique, since Nietzsche had been friends with Richard Wagner, and Hitler loved Wagner’s music. But that is where the connection ends, and even this connection is unfounded. First of all. Hitler loved Wagner’s music and he certainly respected Wagner as a fellow German who helped promote a strong sense of Germanic identity, a fellow-artist who had reached the pinnacle of his genre, and as someone who was aware of the Jewish problem. But that does not mean that Hitler necessarily endorsed everything Wagner believed or that Hitler endorsed Wagner’s friends. But
www.nationalistfreepress.com
3
therein lies another problem: When Wagner realized that his old friend Nietzsche was going insane and was becoming more and more irrational, he broke off his friendship with him in 1878. That was before Nietzsche even wrote Thus Spake Zarathustra, Beyond Good and Evil, The Genealogy of Morals, and Ecce Homo. Biographers of both men agree that Wagner and Nietzsche had huge philosophical differences. Nietzsche went so crazy, in fact, that he had to be committed to an institution and died after eleven years of nonfunctional insanity.
Thus, to try and connect Hitler to Nietzsche and thus to Nietzsche’s Ubermen-sch philosophy is equally insane. Hitler listed “Martin Luther and Richard Wagner” as “great statesmen” and “great reformers” in Mein Kampf not Frederick Nietzsche and Richard Wagner. So who really espoused this “superman” ideology? As usual, when a Jew says something, it is probably just a projection statement.
Superman was created by two Jews in 1933 (no, that’s not a coincidence) named Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. Yes; I am talking about the comic book figure. Superman. Everyone has seen the movies or read the comic books, but few understand that the Jewish-created Superman was a Jewish fantasy that pitted Jews, or the Supermen, in an epic battle to destroy Christianity (in other words, Siegel and Shuster were just envisioning World War II where World Jewry united against the last great Christian nation). This may sound a little far-fetched to some, but that is just what these two Jews had in mind. The Jews have long operated this way, creating entertainment that purports to be wholesome or family-oriented but in the background it is filled with various pro-Jew, anti-white themes. Just look at the Walt Disney Co.
The early World War II comic books make all of these messages very clear, but allow me just to point out a couple of details that are central to all of the Superman stories that will begin to show you the kinds of things I am talking about. Superman came to America from another planet “whose inhabitants had evolved, after millions of years, to physical perfection.” He was born Kal-El before
changing his name to Clark Kent. Now if you think that Superman’s original name sounds a little Hebrew, you are right. So what we have so far is the story of a Jew who immigrates to America, changes his name so that he can act like everyone else and be undetected, and who believes that he is superior to all of the goyim he encounters. But all the while, he is on a secret mission against evil. And, oh yeah, he has to pretend to be a Christian, another Jewish tactic. Like the Zionist Jew Israel Zangwill said (see “The Mongrelizing of America” on page one of this issue), “No Jew was ever fool enough to turn Christian unless he was a clever man.” So the Jew must infiltrate his enemy in order to destroy him. In Superman’s case, his arch-rival was Lex Luthor. Again we see that these two Jews really had a sense of humor. If you haven’t figured it out yet, Luthor is just another spelling for Luther, as in Martin Luther. This was their way of identifying Christianity as the arch-nemesis and the object of attack of the SuperJew. Luther was particularly relevant in 1933 as millions of Christian Germans read Hitler’s praise of
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
cal slogan, because they are certainly not in favor of equality under the laws of the land of the United States of America.
I wonder what our founding fathers of the Republic of the United States would have done in face of these outrageous and grievous high crimes and misdemeanors. Would they have not rather stood up like men and banded together to throw off the shackles of a Jewish media robbing their nation of its freedom? Would not the white Christians of less than a hundred years ago, both Northern and Southern, arose in a fever of righteous indignation in defense of justice and freedom, to have demanded that all participants in the American government be loyal to the American government and its true interests?
It would have absolutely been unthinkable for any of our forefathers to have allowed a foreign government composed of known Jews to manipulate and run the American government into the ground. The Zionist occupational government is not only a travesty, but an absurdity. No longer is Christian morality being held up as the standard for right thinking and right actions, but rather Jewish immorality, Jewish hypocrisy. As a result, we have an “MTV generation” who want to be famous, even if it means being infamous for shooting up their schools. We have a media that literally promotes such incidents by giving exposure to such morons while withholding vital information from the American people on a regular basis.
The question before us at this hour is not what the problems are, but how do we go about solving the problems and regaining our freedom from an ever increasing police state? Most people feel utterly powerless or impotent. They believe that it would be futile for them to band together; that the media would only ignore them; or that the FBI or some other agency of the government would be sent to lead them into entrapment or place criminals among them. While there is some truth in these points-of-view, the answer is not found in capitulating to the defeatist philosophy of the Jews preached throughout the Jewish media by turning to drugs or alcohol and resigning oneself to indifference (saying, “There is no one else
that gives a damn, why should I?”). The individual American must not lay down and quit. The individual must seek out those groups that are legitimate, in terms of truly mounting a counterrevolutionary point-of-view. Let us make no mistake about it: in order for there to be a white homeland, a geographical reservation or area for whites only, which is the only way the white race and its unique gene pool can ever be preserved from the onslaught of the death and plague of mon-grelization, men must stand together; men must support efforts such as the Nationalist Free Press, which provide an alternative point-of-view - a paper that dares speak the truth.
Moreover, the free media does not consist only of the writer and publisher, but of distributors as well, the nameless hundreds of thousands of faceless men and women who cleverly carry the message and political truths of the free press to the people, oftentimes to friends and relatives and persons who have fallen into the entrapment of the pig sty and mire of the yellow journalism practiced in The Jewish state that we call America today.
Truth, whether in religion or political observation, is the most powerful weapon we white men hold in our arsenal of righteousness and justice. Can America be won back from the insane policies that the Zionists and their fellow-travelers have set in motion in the last fifty years? My friends, the answer is a resounding, “Yes!”
When we study the populations and present and coming diseases, the future looks very bright for white people who are decent and who separate themselves from walking, disease-ridden pusbags that are sure to increase in the next decade. In the short time, white men and women should band together with other clean and decent white men and women. They should avoid eating at dangerous restaurants or bathing in public pools or even attending public movie houses, but rather should seek to be as separate as possible from non-whites and wiggers (that is, whites intermingling with other races). There is no law against whites preferring to congregate with whites. We still have freedom of assembly and freedom of
www.nationalistfreepress.com
7
movement. At the same time, whites must be prepared to turn their backs upon wiggers, dope addicts, adulterers and fornicators, and any other white persons who dare to fail to practice common sense.
Let there be no misunderstanding. The world cannot support the population that is coming upon it. Already, we have begun the downward spiral of a nation that once consumed most of the world’s energy. We are headed for catastrophic changes in the world economy. The Jews are very much aware of this fact. White men and women must immediately band together in problem-solving coalitions. If we are to survive as a. race, if we are to bring about a realistic area for a white nation, which certainly does not include the Pacific Northwest of the United States (from either an economical or military point-of-view), then we must expose those Jewish and Catholic agents whose purpose it has been to put out misinformation, to disillusion, and to preach defeatism. We must mark those men for what they are, and go on to truly educate our people until that education results Jn actions. For if a man merely knows how to catch a fish, but never puts forth the effort to actually catch a fish, that man dies of starvation. I am going to conclude this article by asking for men and women who will volunteer in their area to hold freedom seminars. That may mean nothing more than getting together at your local restaurant with several white friends and discussing the issues and then giving out literature, and in some cases producing the literature yourselves. Blit we must act or die.
Out With the Old, in With the Jew
New elections here and in Israel mean new political leaders, but in reality, nothing has really changed. In the United States, Jew and nigger-lover Bill Clinton was replaced with Jew and Hispanic-lover George Bush, just at the time when Hispanics now outnumber blacks. Bush has already bowed down to his Jewish brethren and said that his support of Israel will remain “rock-solid.”
Meanwhile, in so-called Israel, Ehud Barak has been replaced with Ariel Sharon. Apparently, Ehud Barak, who had been murdering hundreds of Palestinians, mostly women and children, was not militant enough for the blood-thirsty Zionistic Jews of Israel. So they elected Ariel Sharon, whose past record made him sound a little bit more promising as the type of leader the Jews want. You see, Sharon was found responsible by an Israeli inquiry of the murder of 800 Palestinians and the destruction of two refugee camps when Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982. Apparently, the way it works in Israel is if you murder enough innocent people, you cari' become Prime Minister. Back in September, 2000, Sharon made sure his fellow Jews were aware of his utter contempt for the Arab people by going up to the Temple Mount on the Dome of the Rock, accompanied, of course, by hundreds of soldiers. Now the Jews have the audacity to deny that he actually went up there even though it was filmed. Sharon violated this area, sacred to Muslims .everywhere, as a sort of vicarious rape and violation of hundreds of millions of Muslims worldwide.
But Sharon figures that he is safe, especially since his buddy Bush was elected over here. He remembers the favor that Bush’s daddy did for Israel by starting the Gulf War to cripple the surging power of Iraq that threatened to destroy Israel and redeem Palestine for the Palestinians. But Sharon may not be as safe as he thinks he is. The Arab people can only be victimized, spat upon, violated and murdered for so long. Sharon may have underestimated the Arab people. But for the time being, the new elections are just another case of out with the old, in with the Jew.
Did Funding To Israel End?
The aid given to the state of Israel since 1949 is staggering: $83,205 billion. Every single dollar of this came from American taxpayers, and the actual cost to taxpayers has been drastically higher. For example, the cost
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
of financing the $83 billion (which had to be borrowed from Jewish bankers, of course) was another $49,927 billion. So the direct cost alone was $133 billion. The yearly aid to Israel is roughly 25% of the total aid given out by the US to every country in the world. In addition to this, however, rich US Jews who donate to Israel are allowed to deduct this amount from their taxes, just as if they donated to a charity. The total amount donated over time is unknown, but just in 1997, about $1 billion was claimed by donors to Israel on their taxes, which is lost tax revenue (and therefore an expense to other tax payers) of nearly $400 million, just in 1997. Thus, the ultimate cost to taxpayers has been billions more over the years.
Then there is the indirect US military expenses spent on behalf of Israel. The largest example of this, of course, wars the Gulf War. Also, much of the money paid out to other countries in the Middle East, part of the Middle East Peace Facilitation Act, is given only so long as the recipient country complies with whatever Israel says. So billions and billions more have been spent as “good behavior” money to other nations, and all of this money has been spent for Israel even while thousands of different groups and millions of Americans have protested it.
Well, in an effort to appease the people for a while, recent reports have come out claiming that US aid to Israel will end. But don’t be fooled. Money has already been earmarked through 2008 guaranteeing almost $3 billion a year - and that's just a minimum. More money could certainly be added each year for different circumstances. Also, you’ll still be paying the taxes on the $1 to $1.5 billion in private donations made every year by American Jews.
Insult to Injury
by Mike Rose
In keeping with my belief that telling the whole truth is the best policy, I believe I would be remiss in my duty to the remaining truly white patriots of America if I did not speak up regarding a long-standing traitor among us. First, let me say that I had the
privilege of attending the funeral of Byron De La Beckwith in Chattanooga, Tennessee, with the honorable Dr. V.S. Herrell, who had been asked by De La when he was alive and his family to be the officiating minister over the funeral. Dr. Herrell discharged his duty with great compassion and wisdom, as always. Dr. Herrell made the mistake, however, of inviting the devout Catholic Ed Fields to say a few words at the funeral.
You will know Ed Fields as editor of The Truth At Last paper of Marietta, Georgia, which had its beginning as a Klan paper known as The Thunderbolt The Truth At Last has since been turned into a Catholic periodical espousing the phony “America First” philosophy that incorporates Jews as well as godless Catholics into their so-called thinking. What was formerly a Klan paper was delivered to the Catholics by J. B. Stoner, a goal that the Catholics had set as early as the 1930’s. It is important to remember that J. B. Stoner never explained to the American people, meaning the Protestant Klansmen that built The Thunderbolt why he so treacherously turned what was once a Klan, Protestant oriented paper over to a ruthless, self-centered Christ-hating Catholic.
While the paper has done some good, it is important for people to know the underlying philosophy behind the paper so that they will not be surprised when, in the end, the paper becomes instruction to capitulation to world Zionism or worse yet, world popery. Ed Fields is no more conservative than his Catholic brother Newt Gingrich, who we have seen totally capitulate to the Jews under pressure. There is no place for Catholicism or back-stabbers in a free world.
A lot of people don’t know that in the last few years Dr. Herrell has asked Ed Fields to run the advertising of his book The Sixth Law of God in The Truth At Last simply as a book proving the prohibitions of race-mixing in the Bible, but Mr. Fields has repeatedly ignored Dr. Herrell’s requests, not wanting Dr. Her-rell’s scholarly genius to be known by the Americans receiving The Truth At Last Pastor Herrell even offered to pay extraordinaiy prices for the advertising with all proceeds going to The Truth At Last But again, Ed Fields, because of his Catholic prejudices
Nationalist Free Press
www.nationalistfreepress.com
9
and his disdain for the truth, especially Biblical truth, continued to ignore Pastor Her-rell.
When Ed Fields showed up at the funeral, Dr. Herrell graciously invited Ed Fields to say a few words at the podium, but his kindness did not stop there. I saw Dr. Herrell .take off his overcoat and personally drape the shivering back of Ed Fields in the unselfish act of kindness of one brother to another. But I thought to myself how much wiser it might have been on Pastor Herrell’s behalf to have let Ed Fields shiver and hopefully catch a deadly cold.
My suspicions became more than justified when the next edition of The Truth At Last finally arrived. To read the self-aggrandizing version of the funeral that appeared in The (so-called) Truth At Last, one would believe that Ed Fields was asked by the family to eulogize Byron De La Beckwith, when in fact it was Dr. Herrell who asked him as a gracious act of an honorable man. Ed Fields has dishonored himself by willfully failing to mention or even pay the simple courtesy to a minister to mention that Pastor Herrell was the officiating minister at the funeral of Byron De La Beckwith in Chattanooga. This was not an oversight, but an act of dishonor and back-stabbing that not even our Jewish enemies perpetrate.
It is hard to sit by and watch a man like Dr. V.S. Herrell have to struggle for support by selling his works to an ever-increasingly limited audience, when he has not only given the white race a true translation of the New Testament, but has almost single-handedly restored the primitive theology of the first century in his prolific writings. Meanwhile, an unethical charlatan like Ed Fields rakes in the money with his undeserved reputation.
It should be obvious to any thinking, freedom-loving American that it has been men like Ed Fields, no matter how sincere they may or may not have been, that have stood in the way of any truly viable counterrevolutionary movement rising up in America. Ed Fields hates Dr. Herrell simply because Dr. Herrell has exposed his so-called church as the world’s largest pagan cult and taken away his hope for being prayed out of purga-
tory. While Dr. Herrell promotes Jesus Christ, Ed Fields promotes Ed Fields. You would think that decent people could see through such a farce.
I am sure that if Dr. Herrell was receiving the same kind of money that Ed Fields receives, he would not hesitate to confront head-on the enemies that are destroying the white race. He would not capitulate to the enemy through half-way measures or avoidance of issues. Ed Field’s treason is not so much one of commission as omission - the purposeful omission to do what is right and to say what is right.
But it matters not whether a man is a traitor to the white race through an act he has committed or through actions he has omitted - he is still a traitor. I am of the unrepentant belief that there will be no truly viable counterrevolution to the Zionist Occupational Government until we have exposed the traitors and cowards and con-artists within the present movement. For the truth is there is no viable counterrevolutionary movement, only a bunch of con artists, wannabe Jews, and federal misinformation agents.
Dr. Fields falsely reported the circumstances of the funeral and therefore willfully dishonored himself in the process. If Fields would purposely misrepresent not only Dr. Herrell’s presence as presiding minister, but several other groups who were there, then how can we trust anything that this Catholic agent of the pope would tell us on any subject?
There is no difference between Catholics and Jews in the final analysis. Both are scum-sucking antichrists. As far as Ed Fields is concerned, he has a great deal to answer for to the white race and every real patriotic American. Let him begin by explaining why he would advertise and sell Jewish works by Jewish scholars, but will not advertise Dr. Herrell’s book The Sixth Law of God. It is clear to me that Ed Fields’s Catholic prejudices are intolerable to any decent white man, especially when we consider that Roman Catholicism is the number one Judeo race-mixing cult. Our desire is not to chastise Ed Fields beyond repentance. May he repent and truly follow the leadership of God.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Australia Is Not A Free Country cont....
recently released a document outlining their intent to introduce a so-called “Racial and Religious Tolerance Bill”. Under the proposed new laws, individuals could be jailed for 6 months and/or fined $6000 for vilifying individuals on the basis of race or religion. Organizations could be subjected to fines.
These laws have me totally pissed off. I am not going to tolerate their antichrist agenda and I am calling on all true Christians to band together and fight against this infringement of our rights.
Part of this proposed law regards symbols and uniforms that may offend a religious or racial group. So, I can be charged if I publicly wear a symbol of my Christian persuasion, such as a swastika. If that is the case, I call for all Jews who wear a ‘Star of David’ to be charged as I find that offensive. I also call for the Talmud to be banned as well. The Talmud and other filthy Jewish writings are the most offensive writings to Christians ever written. For more details on this read the book entitled The Plot Against Christianity by Elizabeth Dilling. I also call for all Jewish propaganda and anti-German books to be banned, all Jews promoting the Holocaust lie to be jailed, and all anti-German propaganda war films to be banned.
The B’nai B’rith Anti-Defamation Commission (ADC) is the prime mover behind this bill. This bunch of filth should be the first to be outlawed by the legislation. This will not happen because the Jews are using these laws to fight the Government of God, to stop the true Christian message from being taught, and to stop the truth about history from being known to the public, including the truth about World War II. The ADC lists the following internet sites as sites that the Victorian government should ban:
1)	The Australian League of Rights
2)	The Citizens Electoral Council
3)	Australian Civil Liberties Union
4)	New Dawn
5)	The Strategy
6)	David Syme Institute
7)	British Israel World Federation
8)	World Church of the Creator
9)	Associates Reform Movement
10)	AUSI Freedom Scouts
11)	The National Republicans
12)	National Action
13)	Adelaide Institute
14)	Ku Klux Klan
Some of these organizations are not even racially oriented, such as New Dawn and Citizen’s Electoral Council, which has a large Jewish following. The Adelaide Institute’s site gives a different view of the Holocaust which the Jews do not like. So, the ADC wants to shut down or ban only those things which do not promote their agenda. Well, I say, “To hell with the ADC and all these stupid laws!”
Australia is a Christian country and always will be. The Bible is the true law of the land. The Bible contains laws on religious and racial tolerance and these laws are a lot different than the Jews’ laws. Some examples on tolerance from the Bible are:
“But these enemies of mine, those not desiring me to reign over them, bring here, and execute before me” (Luke 19:27 AST).
“A mongrel shall not enter into the Body Politic of the Master, even to the tenth generation shall none of his enter into the Body Politic of the Master” (Deuteronomy 23:2 LXX).
The first of the 10 commandments is a big one: “You will not have other gods beside me” (Exodus 20:3 LXX), and so is commandment number 6, “You will not mongrelize” (Exodus 20:14 LXX). This commandment is translated as “Thou shalt not commit adultery” in the KJV, but “mongrelize” is the true meaning of the word. For irrefutable truth of this, request the booklet The Sixth Law of God from the Christian Separatist Church Society.
I want the reader to note that it is by our failure to keep the laws that we were given by God that a mongrel race has come amongst us and has taken over us. They have now come to rule over us. They have taken away the real freedom we have under the Covenant of Jesus Christ. Had we not let those not of our own into our country, they could not have taken it from us. We have been too tolerant of others and are now paying the price.
Only a group of godly men and women can fix this situation. We must take back our
www.nationalistfreepress.com
11
freedom and our country. Our first step is to band together. If you wish to be part of the Body Politic of Jesus Christ in Australia, contact:
The Christian Separatist Church Society P.O. Box 385 Gymea, NSW 2227 Australia
New Statistics for AIDS Among Blacks
New statistics for the prevalence of HIV among blacks show a huge disparity. One out of every 50 black men, according to the Centers for Disease Control, is infected with HIV. This compares with one out of every 250 white men who have HIV, and among these white men who have HIV, a large percentage are actually Hispanic or homosexual or Jewish.
One out of every 160 black women were reported to be infected with HIV, again a staggering number. This compares with only one out of every 3000 white women. Again, this figure for “white women’* includes Hfs-panics, so the actual number is much lower, and whatever the real number of infection among white women is, that number is probably roughly equivalent to the actual number of infected, heterosexual white men. Then of those heterosexual whites who are infected, nearly all of the infections are the result of sex with non-whites or IV drug use.
In other words, the average black man is around 50-100 times as likely to have HIV as the average heterosexual white man. The spread of HIV has been coupled to the spread of other sexually transmitted diseases, such as Hepatitis C, which have also exploded among blacks. Infected blacks are also ten times as likely to die earlier from AIDS as are infected whites.
Other evidence suggests that the prevalence of HIV/AIDS among blacks could be even higher. Among first time blood donors, who generally have the lowest incidence of HIV since they are carefully screened before donating blood by a questionnaire that eliminates them if they have even small risk factors, blacks were 25 times as likely to have recently acquired HIV as all others - including homosexuals and Hispanics.
There Goes The Neighborhood
by Perry Kiraly
Outside the area of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, most people have probably never heard of Stephen Girard. He was a wealthy man who lived during the late 1700’s to early 1800’s, widely known for his generous, giving, and honorable character. Upon his death in 1831* desirous that his fortune continue to benefit not only his immediate family and friends, but extend to his racial family, he allocated in a legally executed will, millions of dollars to. build and operate a boarding school. Specifically he stated: “I am particularly desirous to provide for such a number of poor male white orphan children,” A trust was set up for this purpose and Girard College was thus founded.
The trust was faithfully administered by City of Philadelphia Trustees for over 100 years. Then in 1954, two negroids, Foust and Felder (apparently color blind and undesir-ous of being with their own kind, being consumed with self hatred), requested admission to the College, but were refused per the explicit instructions in Mr. Girard’s will, which excluded all but poor, white, male orphans. Needless to say, nigger Foust and nigger Felder, sorely lacking any admirable qualities, natural affinity, or respect for Mr. Girard’s last will and testament, for the sole purpose of being disruptive, brought subsequent suit against the Trustees of the College.
Initially, the U.S. Supreme Court found that since the Board that operated Girard College was an agency of the State of Pennsylvania, their refusal to admit niggers Foust & Felder constituted a 14th Amendment violation of discrimination and remanded the case to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court for adjudication (see: 1 L.Ed. 2d 792 [1958]).
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, however, ignoring the U.S. Supreme Court’s directive, remanded the case to the Orphans’ Court of PA, enacting a statute granting the Orphans’ Court the power to appoint substitute trustees for the property of minors... And the Orphans’ Court of PA, taking full advantage of this power, eliminated the City
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Trustees and installed its own group, sworn to uphold the literal language of the Girard will. It would appear that some of those entrusted to govern and administer justice in the state of Pennsylvania at this juncture in time recognized the sanctity of a man’s will and were conscious and respectful of their racial heritage.
After continued litigation, however, it was finally construed that the PA Legislature’s enactments, and the Orphan’s Court actions were a deliberate attempt to circumvent the Supreme Jew (U.S.) Court’s directive, and in 1968, by order of the U.S. Supreme Court, Stephen Girard’s will was amended [disrespected] to strike the “poor, white, male orphan” provision. The court, ultimately, and not surprisingly, laid the blame which they claim necessitated amending Girard’s will, on a lack of foresight [?!] by Mr. Girard, stating: “When Stephen Girard deliberately and pointedly chose to involve the state in ’private’ charitable conduct of his school (as was decided at 353 U.S. 230, 77 S. Ct. 806), he ran the risk that Philadelphia might not accept the trust [though Girard knew the city administrators personally and knew that they would], or might be unable to administer it [though he knew they could], or might subsequently be unable to act because the Federal Constitution was changed; as occurred when the Fourteenth amendment was passed. [Correct in this assumption, Mr. Girard apparently didn’t foresee his racial kinsmen becoming cowards ... willful slaves to money rather than justice, rather than God]” (see: Commonwealth of PA vs. Brown... 392 F. 2d 120 @ 128 [1968]).
Meanwhile, 31 years later, in 1999, we read headlines such as “Bill Gives Big” ... “Bill Gates & wife Melinda announce ... largest academic donation ever: $1 billion ... to pay the full tab each year [for twenty years] for about 1000 black, Hispanic, Native American [whatever that is supposed to be], and Asian students seeking degrees in engineering, mathematics, science, and education.” The niggers already have tuition money from other sources, too. The Lilly Endowment: $92 million given to Hispanic Scholarship Fund and United Negro College Fund; The W.K. Kellogg Foundation: $58 million for higher education for Hispanic and Native Americans; The Annenberg Foundation: $52 mil-
lion to United Negro College Fund; and the list goes on (see: Time Magazine, Sept. 27, 1999 issue p. 48).
So this country is replete with funds, foundations and/or trusts which cater exclusively to virtually every dark race - there’s the United Negro College Fund, The Hispanic Scholarship Fund, and an American Indian College Fund, to name just a few, but a fund or trust to support a Caucasian College (for poor, white, orphan kids) is considered racist, an unconstitutional violation of the 14th Amendment and discriminatory ... imagine that ... Why aren’t the niggers and other mixed races racist, discriminatory, and in unconstitutional violation of the Fourteenth Amendment?
Thus, we see yet another instance in American life where the law of the land has been overturned to cater to mongrels. When a white man legally executes a will and stipulates money for poor, white, male orphans, it is called an outrage - even while millions are being allocated specifically to mongrels. Wake up, white America!
uO Lord, what has happened to us: behold, and look on our reproach. Our inheritance has been turned away to aliens, our houses to strangers, we are become orphans, we have no father, our mothers are as widows ... The crown has fallen from our head: yea, woe to us! For we have sinnedM (Lamentations 5:1,2,3,16, LXX).
Catalog/Subscriptions/Letters
The Nationalist Free Press (NFP) is published monthly. The current subscription rate is US$25.00 per year mailed to US addresses only. Please write for foreign subscription rates. Also, write for a current catalog.
Please address subscriptions and other enqui-ries/letters to:
NFP P.O. Box 705 Dandridge, TN 37725
(Payment is accepted in the form of cash, check, or money order, made payable in US funds to NFP).