“And you will know the truth, and truth will set you free” (Jesus Christ, John 8:32).
January, 2002
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Vol. II, No. 1
An Open Letter to Pagans
by David C. Tate Member, Binders Schweigen
The subject I would like to address is one that has become an irritable thorn in my side in recent years. I would like to say before I begin that this article should not be taken as an attack against those members of movement branches which do not hold my views. But in the same sense, all should be aware that lies, half-truths, and misinformation about others are often considered attacks against them.
I am a WHITE CHRISTIAN SEPARATIST. Yet, in recent years, many have come to believe that I and the other members of The Order were all Odinists, pagans, or atheists. While a few members were Mythic Pagans, the greater number of the honorable and true comrades of The Holy Order of the Binders Schweigen WERE Christian, ARE STILL Christian, and WILL CONTINUE TO BE Christian. This fact has not only been ignored in recent years, but has even been censored from some of the literature published by the more zealous pagan and atheist branches of the pro-White movement.
It is easy for me to understand why our Fold cannot agree with “JUDEO-Christianity” and its program of race-mixing and self-destruction. But it should also be clear to any who have studied history that Christianity as practiced by our ancestors was largely a militant, anti-Semitic (anti-Jewish), masculine religion that stood against the unnatural practice of race-mixing. Many pagan publications make it a point to never mention these facts of early Christianity, nor to define the difference between true Christianity and “modern” Jewdeo-churchianity. This is, to say the least, dishonorable. If there were no difference, my Christian Bruders of The Order and I would not now be in prison, having never joined any pro-White revolutionary group.
The Order held within its ranks represen-
tatives of the major pro-White movement branches. But by-and-large the membership was Christian; our Odinist counterparts will not dispute this. But in recent years, either due to the passage of time or purposeful omissions, this fact has become censored more and more by those movement branches who oppose Christianity in general.
One of the more blatant forms of censorship I have witnessed has been the deletion
Continued on page 2...
Concocting A Ruse
by Eric Martinson
Recently, I heard a representative of ZOG on National Public Radio imploring American Muslims to provide any information they might have on any “fundamentalist” Muslims who would possibly be involved in any activities which could be a threat to the “American way of life”. As if that wasn’t brazen enough, this particular Zogtonian went on to request the same of white Christians, urging them to inform on members of the so-called “Christian Patriot Right” who might be acting in a manner unapproved by ZOG. This obviously shows the weakness of the Jewish government to solve any real challenges to its power structure, assuming, of course, that they themselves are not the sole source of all these “problems” as of late. They still have yet to prove otherwise.
If the American public is taking this and other Zionists or Zionist puppets seriously, they are worse off than I thought. After all, it is clear to any fool that the perfidious Zionists and their Washington lackeys are the ultimate beneficiaries of the recent attacks in Washington D.C. and New York. It must at least cross the minds of reasonable people that the Jews have engineered yet another of their many ruses for which they have become so famous throughout the centuries. It must
Continued on page 5...
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and not necessarily of the NFP or its editors.

www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
An Open Letter to Pagans con f....
in some pagan publications of the banner which surrounds the medallion of The Order. This banner reads in Gaelic: **IS TUSA MO THUS CHATHA AGUS MO CHAISCE COGAIDH,” translated. “Ye be My battle axe and weapons of war.” This is a direct quote from Jeremiah 51:20 of the Bible, and the word “My” was in reference to the Christian God. There is no excuse for such censorship, the omission of this banner can be no “accident,” any more than leaving stripes out of the American flag, or stars out of the Confederate flag. It was an integral part of our medallion and agreed upon by all key members of the Bruders Schweigen.
Those pagans and atheists who prefer to be anti-Christian may be so, but not at my expense, and not at the expense of the Truth.
It is time to be honest enough with your people to admit the Truth - whatever Truth it is - or is it that Truth is no longer what we Aryan Separatists stand for?
Robert Mathews may have been a “mythic pagan” and he had respect for the history and traditions of our Aryan ancestors, but^he was not zealously anti-Christian either. Today, some picture him to be an “Odinist” in the “new” tradition of this belief, but it did not exist then as it does today. Robert Mathews is remembered by all of us who knew him as a natural racist who loved our Race, our Heritage, and ALL things Aryan. He had a respect for hardline “Identity” and knew that Christianity was the religion of the West (not East), and that Christianity was definitely NOT the religion of the Jews. Bob also loved many of the pagan myths and legends of our ancestors - note, “many,” not just Odinism.
The last conversation I had with Robert Mathews before his death and martyrdom was in a hotel room we shared when we last visited our “cell.” I brought up an idea I had to bring criminals to justice that the system refuses to punish and that would leave nothing more behind as “evidence” other than a few Bible verses tagged to their chest to teach all what the Bible really said on such matters; Bob loved the idea. [Examples: Race-mixers got Leviticus 20:15-16/Deuteronomy 7:l-6/Numbers 25; queers got Leviticus 20:13; banksters got Ezekiel 18:13; etc.) Bob liked the idea because it taught the Scripture to the sheeple by object lesson (it warns
wicked).
I regularly hear pagans talk about how in history the “Christian Church” murdered pagans left and right in wholesale slaughter. These same so-called “Christians” were murdering and martyring TRUE CHRISTIANS left and right throughout the inquisitions. More Christians were murdered by those Satanic religious institutions than unwashed pagans. Fact: at times pagans were left untouched by “the church” when Christians were being burned at the stake; because pagans didn’t “believe” they were held unaccountable. BOTH pagan and Christian fell victim to the evils of “the church” and to the ruling paganism of Rome. Just because something is done in the name of Christianity does not mean that it is a “Christian” action.
Consider: if an “Odinist” abuses hard drugs, practices rape or homosexuality, strong-arms people of his own kind, keeps a Mexican girlfriend on the side and does other things not reflective of the Aryan genetic mind, is that SCUMBAG an Odinist just because he claims to be one? No more so would a so-called “Christian” doing such acts be Christian.
Over my years inside, one disturbing trend I have witnessed time and again is the hypocritical “conversion” of many to paganism or the “new traditions” because Christianity was “too strict.” This excuse has been used by dope-fiends and homosexuals who have such little knowledge about paganism that they don’t even realize that actual pagan organizations in the free world would not accept them as believers or members because of such activities. I have also watched men who were racial mongrels or race-mixers with mongrel children become “Odinists” because they believed they would be accepted among pagans. The pagans and agnostics I knew from the free world believed in the LAWS OF NATURE, and they had no love or acceptance of race-mixers, fags, dope-fiends, or muds. If it was unnatural, they were against it.
Back to “the church.” Historically, Gnosticism became the Roman Catholic Church with its priestcraft and oppression and its censorship of the Bible. The Catholic church was simply paganism calling itself Christianity. Let’s make it clear that the celebration of one’s Germanic, Celtic, Scythian, Scottish, I European, or Viking heritage is a wonderful
www.nationalistfreepress.com
3
thing to engage in, especially when the Vikings, Germanics, etc., are truthfully represented. Many of our folk, such as Dr. V.S. Herrell, are descendents of Robert the Bruce, and many of the kings of Europe. Who else but a Scotsman would preach in a kilt? Other dedicated Christian American patriots have been very knowledgeable of their European heritage. In spite of the Communist, political correctness police, they have continued to celebrate their European heritage in the truth of it without joining the Jews to attack Christianity. Who knew more of the tracks of his ancestors than Dr. Comparet or the actual truth of the great German people than Richard Butler?
The Catholic church did not want the people to know The Word and then find out about verses like Luke 19:27 and II Chronicles 15:12-13 and carry them out. Today’s “Jewdeo-churchianity” religious sects don’t want the Truth known either. Let us remember that the word judeo means judaized,, but any belief system can be judaized, including neo-paganism. All you need is a couple of swarthy, white-hating, truth-hating devils to corrupt the whole barrel of apples. Corruption of organizations or philosophies is nothing new. The Word is suppressed through bad translation, bad teaching, and founding everything they teach on Jewish “authority” and “scholarship.” There is no difference in either group past or present... history repeats itself... again. And the Word says of those who would pervert the Christian Family, God’s Body Politic (Church):
“Do you not know that you are a house of God? And the Mentality of God dwells in you? If anyone mongrel-izes the house of God, God will mon-grelize that one. For the house of God is separate, which you are” (I Cor. 3:16-17, AST).
It is a Biblical principle that if anyone rillingly believes a lie, that the God of Truth rill turn that one over to his lies (II The. ': 10-12; Rom. 1:18-25). These men, no mat-sr how “white,” are as much mongrels in find as those who are mongrels in body:
“In every way in fact are the non-mongrelized, nonmongrelized, but to the ones having been mongrelized and
having no persuasion, nothing is nonmongrelized, but even their mind and conscience has been mongrelized. They profess to know God, but by their actions they deny Him, being disgusting and disobedient and rejected to every good action'* (Tit. 1:15-16, AST).
Primitive Christianity, that institution established by Jesus Anointed and penned down by the hand of the New Testament authors, was not brought to any non-white nation of that age, but was established in and flourished in Aryan nations of the world. When one reads of the “the gentiles” in Scripture, this mistranslation should read “the nations,” and those civilized nations outlined in the New Testament were “... Greek and Judean [not “Jew”] ... barbarian, Scythian ...” (Col. 3:9-11); and Paul wrote to the “Romans.” Even Northern Africa (Ethiopia) was white at this time in history. The Word, that is, the principles, standards of honor and virtue, and just actions of True Christian Separation, were directed to the racial family to whom it applied. The Word is not compatible to the non-Aryan nations, they have their own “genetic mind” with different drives and standards which are incapable of “Aryan actions” (exceptions to a rule are the rule, acting is still acting). Paul identified what nations were God’s not just by listing Greek, Judeans, Romans, Barbarians and Scythians, but also when he wrote of those “nations”:
“For there is no respect of persons with God. For as many as failed without the law, also will perish without the law, as many as failed in the law will be judged through the law. For not the hearers of the law are just with God, but the doers of the law will be justified. For when the nations not having the law DO BY NATURE the things of the law, these not having law are a law to themselves, WHO SHOW" THE ACTION OF THE LAW’ WRITTEN IN THEIR HEARTS, witnessing with their conscience, and the thoughts between one another accusing or excusing, in a day when God judges the hidden things of men, according to my good message, through Jesus Anointed’* (Rom. 2:11-16 AST).
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
This is why Christianity spread through the Aryan nations like a wildfire - Aryan men recognized that they were family to their Aryan neighbors and put aside wrong actions towards them, even wrong actions based upon misguided religious beliefs ... they did sq to the point that eventually Europe became known as “Christendom.’’ But just like the Israelites of the Bible, rather than RULING THEMSELVES as God’s men, they allowed kings and popes, priests and fools, to run the show. These “rulers” let in the money mongrels and planted the seeds hundreds of years ago that are now bringing about our racial demise.
But true Christian Separation teaches us that we are to RULE OURSELVES by the Standards and Principles of God’s Word as a government and priests unto Him.
“... even from Jesus Anointed, the Trustworthy Witness, the Firstborn out of the dead, and Ruler of the kings of the earth. To Him loving us and has freed us from our failures [sins] by His Blood, and MADE US A GOVERNMENT AND - PRIESTS TO GOD, even His Father, to Him is the reputation and the might forever and ever. So be it” (Rev. 1:5-6, AST).
The issue is “Self-Rule,” governing or ruling ourselves as Aryan men and women WHO WERE MADE IN THE IMAGE OF GOD, (not beasts), who have within our nature the Aryan genetic mind breathed into us through Adam by our Father God. Robert Mathews recognized that TRUE CHRISTIAN ACTIONS were synonymous with TRUE ARYAN ACTIONS. Bob’s personal standards and actions were more “Christian” than many of the Order members who called ourselves “Identity.” Adolf Hitler understood Positive Christianity; he also knew that Christian actions were Aryan actions. Did you know that more Christian churches were built during the era of the Third Reich than at any other time in German history; or that the majority of SS soldiers were professing Christians? Again, pagans can believe what they want, but let facts be facts and truth be truth. The myths and traditions of our Aryan ancestors should be remembered, but something greater came, something that took warring tribes and made them one. We have lost sight of that something, but Positive Christianity is still alive within those who refuse to
compromise it.
I do understand that most men have a totally screwed-up perception of Christianity, including so-called preachers or especially preachers, because of the fables taught by Jewdeo-churchianity and the lies taught by truth-distorters; you will not find the Christianity of our ancestors taught by the “media” on TV or in the press. Christian Separatism can only be found by seeking it through The Source. The only way pagans and others might learn where we Christian members of the Bruders Schweigen are coming from is to read Scripture as a whole without learning the b.s. of Jews and mongrels.
Some examples:
It is easy enough to clear up common misconceptions like “turning the other cheek” if it is understood that this practice is reserved for brothers and sisters, for FAMILY, and NOT for the enemies of our God and Race. First, who is our “neighbor”? Our neighbor is defined as one of “the children of your people” (Lev. 19:18). While you are there, read 19:19. Deut. 17:15 says that in t choosing rulers (kings), “thou mayest not set a stranger [nokri: racial alien] over thee which is not thy brother.” Further, who is your brother? He is one who believes the way you do, “For whoever does the will of My Father in the heavens, that one is my brother and sister and mother” (Matt. 12:46-50 AST). Your brother is not the enemy of truth (my God is Truth), and your brother is not a racial alien! By implication, your brother is also someone you know. If your brother wrongs you, the principle of forgiveness applies assuming they repent. It’s a principle of honor that keeps the Family strong ... and it is a principle that is a two-way street among family.
“Love your enemies” (Matt. 5:44)? Note, this says YOUR enemies, not God’s enemies. The Word says of God’s enemies: “Do not I HATE them, O Lord, that hate Thee? And am I not grieved with them that rise up against Thee? I HATE them with a perfect hatred: I count them mine enemies” (Ps. 139:21-22). “I have HATED the congregation of evil doers; and I will not sit with the wicked” (Ps. 26:5). “The fear of the Lord is to HATE evil: pride, arrogance, and the evil way, and the forward mouth, do I HATE” (Prov. 8:13). Clear enough. Let’s not forget Luke 19:27 and II Chronicles 15:12-I 13.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
5
“Meekness” from the standpoint of the Word is NOT the Jewdeo-Christian politically and religiously correct viewpoint of tamely submissive, too submissive, or spiritless. No, the Biblical word meek should be translated gentle and included the principles of kindness and consideration and leniency, all in a disciplined way. It is a principle applied toward our racial FAMILY. Biblical meekness did not prohibit the principle of self-defense as individuals or a nation. Moses was very meek (Num. 12:3), but this “meek” man slew an Egyptian who was beating one of his racial kinsmen (Ex. 2:11-12) and strode into what we might call the Egyptian “Oval Office” and demanded the release of his people from slavery. King David as a boy was “meek” and “humble,” yet he slew Goliath and later waged wars with the enemies of his people.
And what about “the greatest among you will serve the least among you” (Mark 9:33-37 and 10:42-45). Well, what the hell do you think Robert Mathews did? Do you not consider him a hero because he SERVED his race through self-sacrifice first and then through martyrdom? And what of Adolf Hitler, the Christian visionary, who first served and sacrificed and fell to prison before he ever realized his dreams for Germany? (See Was Adolf Hitler a Bible Christian? by Pastor V.S. Herrell, Herrell Brothers Publishing House, POB 130, Kodak, TN, 37764.) And as a Christian, I say, what about the God of Truth, Who came to us as the Aryan man Jesus Anointed, to show us the Way to rule ourselves and how to walk towards one another. Who also served and sacrificed Himself, teaching that we too could overcome in our personal actions, proving we need not fear death? For He overcame death and now sits as our King, waiting to see if we will hear His Word and fulfill His Christian principles and Law-Word. I find NO SHAME in having served and in serving the future generations of my blind and deceived race. TO SERVE IS HEROIC ...
Racial kinsmen, I give all due respect to all of those who publish and stand for racial truths, and to those who preserve the memory of Robert Mathews and the Bruders Sch-weigen. I salute your efforts. But, if you are going to praise us for our sacrifice as members of the Bruders Schweigen, praise us for what we were and are, not what you seek to make us.
David C. Tate, 2001
Concocting a Ruse cont...
have also occurred to credible Americans that, once again, the Jews have used their Washington drones and their mega-media monopoly to blame these heinous acts on another group - this time the Muslims, without the display of any evidence. They have instead insisted that Americans, and the rest of the world, just take their stained and worthless word in the matter.
It is appalling that anyone who calls himself American would accept this outlandish propaganda, given its transparency if objectively scrutinized. Yet, their indecent behavior should not be astonishing since these rancid flimflam artists have for the last fifty-five plus years put on the grand ruse known as the “holocaust”. That fraud has awarded them power, sympathy, favors, and riches since World War II. What might be even more shocking to many people is the fact that the Jews have spent centuries honing their holo-hoax skills.
Although the exact magnitude is immeasurable, the phenomenal profits that the Jews have accumulated by promoting their so-called holocaust since World War II are undeniable. There is, however, at steadily increasing number of non-Jews who are beginning to realize that hard scientific evidence indicates that the Holocaust story as told by the Jews is nothing but a big lie, the purpose of which was and continues to be the empowerment and enrichment of the world Jewish community profiteers and ruse-meisters.
The Jewish media often refers to a statement that Adolf Hitler once made. Their morally corrupt media, in its usual deceptive manner, distorts the context of the statement by conveying the idea that Mr. Hitler had sold or was preparing to sell his people a “big lie.” This is outright dishonesty in journalism, which we have learned to expect from the Jews. His actual statement is as follows:
“They themselves [the common people] often tell small lies in little matters, but would be ashamed to resort to large-scale falsehoods. It would never come into their heads to fabricate colossal untruths, and they would not believe that others could have the impudence to distort the truth so infamously. Even though the facts which prove this to be so may be brought clearly to their minds, they will still doubt and waver and will continue to think there may be some other explanation...
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
“From time immemorial, however, the Jews have known better than any other how falsehood and calumny can be exploited” (Mein Kampf Hurst & Blackett Ltd., London, p.134).
It is apparent that Herr Hitler was actually referring to the Jews’ centuries-old practice of formulating gigantic lies. Knowing the Jewish chicanery as well as he did, he undoubtedly foresaw that, given the opportunity, they would change previous frauds into a colossal hoax concerning him. As we shall see, the Jews were, in fact, busily planning and diagramming the details of the farcical Nuremberg show trials years before Mr. Hitler died for his defense of Berlin against the Jew Bolsheviks.
There are several historical examples of Jews concocting similar hysterical nonsense in order to dupe non-Jews into feeling compassion for them. One is their wailing in the Talmud concerning the Roman destruction in 70 AD of the Temple in Jerusalem.
The Romans were only reacting to the revolt perpetrated by the mongrel Jews. The Romans did not want to sack Jerusalem, but the Jews gave them no choice in the final analysis. Titus gave the mongrels every opportunity to change their minds. While the tale of the World War II slaughter of the Jews is nothing but a bald-faced lie or at best an exaggerated comedy, it is true that there was quite a slaughter in the year 70 AD.
The final assault culminated on September 9,10 and 11, but should we feel sorry for them? I’m afraid not. Interestingly enough, the modem Jewish temple of the World Trade Center Towers was also destroyed on September 11. The Zionist Jewish-created incident of that day was just another way for the Jews to change world opinion and gamer worldwide sympathy. If you are aware of the history of the events of 70 AD, the mongrel Jews only got what they were asking for and they have no one to blame except themselves. What the Jews really hate is the fact that the Christians had escaped prior to the destruction of the Herodian Temple because Jesus had forewarned them as recorded in the New Testament, specifically as stated in Matthew 24.
Another “holocaust” about which they often moan is called the Diaspora Revolt of 115-117 AD. That revolt began in Cyrenaica. The Jews waited until the contingent of the Emperor’s army assigned to protect that populace was away on assignment. The Jews then exploited that opportunity by attacking
a civilian population of Greeks and Romans. The Jews used the opportunity to murder and torture an estimated 200,000. The Talmudic Jews then moved their murderous rampage to Egypt. In Alexandria, the course of events began to change for this insane horde. That city’s Greek population rose to the occasion, halting the rampage and killing the Jewish aggressors (Alexander Fuks, “Aspects of the Jewish Revolt in A.D. 115-117,” Journal of Roman Studies: Vol. 51, 1961, p. 98-104, as quoted by Butz, Hoax of the 20th Century). Archaeological evidence approximates the population of ancient Alexandria at that time to be between 500,000 and one million (Cambridge Ancient History, Vol. 10, p. 296: Packer Carcopino, 16-21; T. Frank, Vol.2, 245; Vol.4, 158f; Vol.5, 218n.). According to the Talmud, sixty myriads on sixty myriads, a supposed 1.2 million Jews were exterminated in Alexandria (Alexander Fuks, Ibid.). But, this figure is very unreliable and is of course part of what will later become a routine Jewish game.
A revolt in Palestine in 132-135 AD gave Jewish “historians” another chance to hone their flimflamming skills. This rebellion was effected by a Jew named Bar-kokhba (BarKoziba) who set himself up as king and even later claimed to be the messiah. See, the Jews believe that they have a “messiah” in every generation as part of their blasphemy against Jesus Christ, the only true messiah.
When the Roman Army moved toward Jerusalem in 135, this delusional character retreated with what was left of his army to the village of Bethar, a fortress that was ten miles away. The town’s dimensions were 200 by 600 meters. The Romans unsurprisingly penetrated the fortress and killed Bar-Kokhba.
The Talmud claims that after the battle, the Romans, who were under Hadrian, killed four billion Jews, - yes that’s right, four billion. The Midrash Rabbah claims that it was 800 million and actually proceeds to tell us that the blood of the dead Jews was deep enough to get in the nostrils of the Roman horses and wash away giant boulders on its way to the sea several miles away. The tale goes on to say that there was enough blood from this tidal wave to fertilize Roman vineyards for the next seven years.
If we turn to historical evidence we find varied estimates of the numbers of Jews in all of Palestine at the time, roughly between 500,000 and 2.5 million. These figures may be high because such estimates often include non-Jews as well. But almost certainly, the
www.nationalistfreepress.com
7
army of this Jewish lunatic, Bar-Kokhba, was less than 50,000 (C.C. McCown, ‘The Density of Population in Ancient Palestine,” Journal of Biblical Lit, 1947: Vol.66, ps. 425-436). At any rate, we don’t have to be mathematicians to know that a small fortress village 200 by 600 meters will not hold 500,000 people, much less any four damn billion.
Believe it or not, that’s not the end of this tall tale. The crazy Jew Talmud goes on to further insult the readers’ intelligence by alleging that the Romans, in purportedly murdering the school children of Bethar, wrapped each child in his scroll and then set it on fire, burning all 64 million of them to death. Either way, the enormity of the lie is quite clear.
Jewish falsification and outlandish tales in regard to the “events” of the next 1700 years are far too numerous to mention here, but we should note that their mendacious schemes got them booted out of practically every white and civilized society on which they parasitically preyed during the period. However, if anyone doubts the fact that the diabolical Jews had previous plans for Germany and all of Europe, here is something to consider. In his Conquest of Germanism by Judaism, Wilhelm Marr wroth in 1879:
The advent of Jewish imperialism, I am firmly convinced is only a question of time ... The Empire of the world belongs to the Jews ... I do not pretend to be a prophet, but I am quite certain that before four generations have passed, there will not be a single function of the State, the highest included, which will not be in the hands of the Jews ... The wily Jewish spirit of intrigue will bring a revolution in Russia such as the world has never seen ... When Jews shall get control of the Russian State ... they will set about the destruction of the social organization of Western Europe.”
Marr had previously been a key instigator in the Marxist pandemonium in 1848. The prescience in the above statement is obvious. Not only did the Jew Bolsheviks later bring a revolution to Russia, which included the murder of at least twenty million whites, they also went on to destroy the social organization of Europe through their instigation of World War I and World War II, with the latter’s accompanying phony Holocaust.
The Jews* modus operand! is to commit the most horrible and wretched deeds imaginable and then blame them on someone
else. As an extra added bonus, they have, through their Holocaust ruse, played on the pity of Americans, who have allowed millions of these evil creatures to immigrate to the US, where they have ruined the culture and are striving to mongrelize out of existence every white person left.
Let us not forget the Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion, circa 1897 (Old Jews of “Zion”, Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion, translated from the Russian text by Victor E. Marsden, 1905, Chapter IV, Text and Commentaiy). These “protocols” are basically a blueprint for the continuation of the Jewish program of conquest, the ultimate goal of which is to completely enslave all non-Jews. The Protocols are said to have been written by Jewish hierarchy, but the Jews unsurprisingly claim that they are forgeries written by an anti-Semite in an attempt to smear the Jews.
The Jews call the Protocols forgeries, but completely evade any discussion concerning the fulfillment of each prediction and the very real threats contained in them. Anyone who reads the Protocols, written over a hundred years ago, cannot avoid noticing the startling match between what they foretell for Jewish actions in the up coming 20th century, and what has actually taken place.
Henry Ford, a great industrial pioneer, describes the Protocols in the February 17, 1921 edition of the New York World:
The only statement I have to make about the Protocols is that they fit in with what is going on ... they have fitted the world situation up to this time. They fit it now.”
Certainly, if Mr. Ford were here today, he would be constrained to the same sentiment because they have continued to fit the world situation up until this time. Although the Protocols do not specifically describe an anticipated Holocaust ruse, they do outline all the conditions necessary. Included in Protocol # 1 we find:
“He who wishes to rule must have resource to cunning and to make believe ... our countersign is ... Make Believe.”
This Protocol stresses the importance of “make believe” first, then Jewish deceit and treachery:
“We must not stop at bribery, deceit and treachery when they should serve
8
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
towards the attainment of our end ...one must know how to seize the property of the others without hesitation.”
We know that the immoral Jews have, through their deceit and treachery, not only seized billions from the German people with their so-called “Holocaust”, but also they have stolen the land of the Palestinians in the Middle East, land to which the Palestinian people held property deeds, land that in many cases had been in their families for centuries.
The filthy rotten Jews brag about how well they have benefited from World War I, from World War II, and from the “Holocaust”:
“In World War I, the World Zionist Organization won a major victory as a result of the Balfour Declaration and the British conquest of Eretz Israel ... World War II and the holocaust gave Zionism its triumph” (Daniel J. Elazar, Reinventing World Jewry: How to Design the World Jewish Polity, Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs, http.//jcpa.org/dje/articles3/ rwj_intro.htm, p.25).
They are able to flaunt their ill-gotten gains because they have, through their mainstream press and media, programmed most people to believe their holohoax by steadily inculcating and bombarding them with misinformation. Protocol #2 includes:
“It is in the Press that the triumph of freedom of speech finds its incarnation ... and it has fallen into our hands. Through the Press we have gained the power to influence.”
Observe Protocol #7:
“We must compel the government of the Goyim to take action in the direction favored by our widely conceived plan ... by what we represent as public opinion, secretly prompted by us through the means of the so-called “Great Power” -the Press, which, with few exceptions that may be disregarded, is already entirely in our hands.”
We see how very important the press, or media, is in the Jewish scheme. They further expound their intentions in Protocol #12:
“We shall have a sure triumph over our opponents since they will not have at
their disposition organs of the Press.”
Anyone who wants to be taken seriously cannot deny that the Jews have captured control of the media, but note, they have also gained as much influence on the educational system in the United States. Even back in the 1960’s, the faculties of the Ivy League universities were dominated by Jews (James Yaffe, The American Jews, 1968). Likewise, Jews were and still are over-represented in legal fields (Martin Mayer, The Lawyers, 1967).
It is through this positioning that they have been able to indoctrinate young impressionable minds with the ruse of their Holocaust propaganda. Too many parents send bright Aryan youngsters off to be programmed and brainwashed by atrocious Jew rusemeisters. These devious authors were dead serious over a century ago when they said in Protocol #9:
“We have got our hands into the administration of the law, into the conduct of elections, into the press, into liberty of the person, but principally into education and training as being cornerstones of a free existence.
“We have fooled, bemused and corrupted the youth of the Goyim by rearing them in principles and theories which are known to us to be false although it is by us that they have been inculcated.”
In order to create a diversion from the fact that Jews who immigrated from Eastern Europe were pillaging Russia between 1918 and 1924, a leading American Jew periodical ran an essay in 1919 by a former governor from New York named Martin Glynn. That article told its readers that:
“Six Million Jews are dying in a threatened Holocaust of human life”, as victims of an “awful tyranny of war and a bigoted lust for Jewish blood” (David Irving, Nuremberg: The Last Battle, 1998).
Well, well, twenty-six years before the circus and sham of the Nuremberg Trials, and back before The National Socialist German Workers Party with Adolf Hitler was even heard of and which was drawing less than 300 people to its meetings which were held in rented halls, the Jews were already touting their “six million” figure right along with their “Holocaust” label. That’s not even considering the preposterousness of this claim
Nationalist Free Press
www.nationalistfreepress.com
9
in light of the fact that the Bolshevik leadership, the supposed perpetrators here, was admittedly over 90% Jewish.
The Red Army and the Soviet Secret Police were the parties responsible for Soviet horrors. They were led by a wretched Jew named Lev Bronstein, who changed his name to Leon Trotsky, and another Jewish criminal named Felix Dzurinsky. Not only this, but the Bolshevik Jews were carefully financed by New York Jews such as the nefarious Jacob H. Schiff (George F. Kennan, New York Times, March 24,1917).
This is the same Schiff family that the daughter of the treasonous former Vice-President, A1 Gore, [also a Jew as if you couldn’t have guessed] recently married into.
On Friday, March 24, 1933, the front page headline on the Daily Express of London read:
“Judea Declares War on Germany -Jews of all the World Unite - Boycott of German Goods - Mass Demonstrations”.
So the fact is that when Mr. Hitler ordered a boycott of Jewish goods on March 28 of the same year, it was only in response to the Jews’ prior declaration of war, and JEW HOLY WAR at that. Here is an excerpt from the March 24 issue of Daily Express:
“The Jewish wholesaler will quit his house, the banker his stock exchange, the merchant his business, and the beggar his humble hut, in order to join the holy war against Hitler’s people.”
The issue of the Jews being the first to initiate war in 1933 is seldom if ever discussed in the halls of modern day Jew academia or in the mainstream Jew media. The Jews want to say that Mr. Hitler started the war, but in 1933, the same as in 1939, etc., he was only reacting to pressure from a situation created by the Jews. And like what we mentioned earlier, here we have more examples of the Jews’ modus operandi - do the dirty deeds and blame them on someone else. The Jewish call for war in 1933 in the English press was not unique; the exact same sentiments were being expressed by Jews on this side of the Atlantic and across the rest of Europe.
This announcement by members of the World Jewish Congress and its surrogate groups was followed by an International Jewish Boycott Conference in Amsterdam
that was held by the World Jewish Economic Federation, of which Samuel Untermyer was president. Untermyer was a Communist Jew lawyer from New York. He called for a “sacred war” against Germany in a broadcast (Broadcast printed in New York Times, August 7,1933). He also blatantly claimed that Germany was planning to “exterminate the Jews”. This rusemeister even claimed that the exterminations were in progress:
“When the tale is told ... the world will confront a picture so fearful in its barbarous cruelty that the hell of war ... atrocities will pale into insignificance as compared to this devilishly, deliberately, cold blooded planning and partially executed campaign for the extermination of a proud, gentle, loyal, law abiding people” (/bid.).
The public should have been immediately on guard that something was amiss here as soon as anyone started using descriptives such as “loyal” and “gentle” to describe back-handed, backbiting, backstabbing Jews.
Nevertheless, here once again we have talk of planned “exterminations” years before many modern historians or ruse-Jfews claim that they could have been made, years before they allegedly began. It’s worth keeping in mind here that no one has ever produced an authenticated document issued by members of the Third Reich planning or ordering the mass extermination of Jews. According to Nuremberg trial records, (Nuremberg Doc. NG2586e) which record anything from “opinions” to so-called eye-witness testimony, the phantom order was not issued, let alone even allegedly acted upon until the “Wanassee Conference” of January 20, 1942.
Today’s holohoaxters assert that Mr. Hitler did not even conceive of the supposed extermination plan until the summer of 1941, at the earliest:
“In the summer of 1941, probably in July, Hitler indicated his approval for the preparation of a plan for the mass murder of all European Jews...though just how and when this was communicated to Himmler and Heydrich cannot be established” (Christopher Browning, The Path to Genocide, 1992, as quoted in The Barnes Review, May 1997).
It is certainly intriguing that Untermyer knew about Mr. Hitler’s plans before Mr. Hitler did! The ruse-Jews take great pains to
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
avoid such rough edges in the tangled web of lies that is their holohoax. The Germans were profound record keepers, and once again, there is absolutely no documented plans for any extermination, much less mass extermination, of Jews in Russia, Poland, Qermany, or anywhere else (Richard Briet-man, German Studies Review).
Labor or work camps were not extermination camps. The rogue Jewish elements that were living in these camps were actually treated much, much better than they deserved. Many had a higher quality of life in the camp than they did out on their own, and they were compensated for their work; even had their own money printed.
A typical and perfect example of this is a letter from September 8,1940 that appears in Richard S. Geehr’s Letters from the Doomed: Concentration Camp Correspondence 1940-1945:
“I am very well. In the canteen I buy honey, marmalade, cookies, fruit and other food. If you worry about me, you’ll indeed be committing a sin. I have more reason to worry about you.”
Everyone has seen the photos of Auschwitz, and you don’t have to understand much to see that the sign over the gate says “work will make you free.” Fiendish Jews have tried to make Auschwitz out to be a terrible place filled with torture and death, but in reality, Auschwitz had such amenities as a library, a post office, an auditorium, a bordello, even a swimming pool, and people had access to medical treatment. Why don’t Wie-senthal Center Jews get up and tell us about these things? Oh, pity those poor suffering Jews who had to spend a leisurely afternoon reading a good book, going to music concerts, watching movies, making trips to the strip club and doing the backstroke down at the pool!
Through their stranglehold on the media, the Jews have silenced such controversies as the purported agreement between members of the Third Reich and World Zionist leaders. This agreement has been referred to as the “Transfer Agreement” and it entailed proposals for the relocating of Jews on German land to Palestine.
It is certainly reasonable, considering the circumstances, that the Germans would be receptive to a proposal which would relieve their territory of good-for-nothing and worthless Jews. Once those Jews reached Zionist hands, their settlement would not be the
concern of the Germans, but the Zionists. In 1937, Alfred Rosenberg, a German top official wrote:
“Zionism must be vigorously supported so that a certain number of Jews can be transported annually to Palestine or at least made to leave the country” (Klaus Polkehim, The Secret Contacts: Zionism and Nazi Germany - 1933-1941, 1981, quoting Rosenberg).
According to the same source, there were even two banks established for the transfer of large amounts of German Jews’ money to Palestine, one in Berlin and the other in Tel Aviv (Ibid., p. 65). This means that Zionists would want Germany’s economy kept afloat, at least until the Jew wealth could be transferred and is the reason why Zionists were able to approach the Germans as if Zionist interests were collateral and apart from the interests of the World Jewish Congress and Jew boycotters. So in other words, Zionists were supportive of the National Socialist German economy and currency for purposes of wealth transfer, but at the same time dependant on the fear of Germany that was being instilled in European Jews by the supposed non-Zionistic “boycotting” Jews. This fear was necessary to persuade Jews from German territories to transfer their wealth to Palestine.
Notice how the Jews, as usual, have insidiously placed themselves to play both sides of the up-coming war. Had Mr. Hitler been victorious, the Zionists would have assuredly relied on their pseudo-alliance with German officials to continue their program of relocating Jews to Palestine.
Considering the impudence Jews are characteristically known for, they might even conceivably have asked for Mr. Hitler’s financial and military support in forming a Jewish state. If on the other hand, and as it turned out, Germany was defeated, the Jews would be able to promote hysteria through their media to metamorphose the mass relocations and deportations into a holocaust machination.
Before continuing, it is necessary to address the fact that many of the Jews living in German territories indeed appear to be mere pawns in this matter. I don’t think anyone vrtll disagree that Jews and others practicing evil will without reservation exploit each other if the opening presents itself. It is, as they say, the nature of the beast.
A cursory inspection of the Jew’s “sacred”
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Talmud reveals that Judaism is like a big pyramid scheme. At the top of that pyramid are the Jews in highest standing with “lessor” Jews under them and the Goyim at the very bottom. So each and every religious Jew is aware of the game plan as soon as he begins participating.
The Protocols reiterate the Talmud’s teachings on this subject. As a matter of fact. Protocol #9 addresses the exact topic of the Zionist’s exploitation of the Jews in occupied Europe.
“Anti-Semitism is indispensable to us for the management of our lessor brethren.”
Like cannibals, yes, Jews will exploit other Jews; however, let us remember that these “lessor” Jews who were in the German territories compromise the bulk of the phony prosecution witnesses at the farcical war crimes trials, where in some cases, their deceit and treachery continues to this day.
As previously noted, the topic of the Transfer Agreement constitutes a classic example of how the Jews place themselves on both sides of the conflict. We have seen that the so-called non-Zionist Jews, who called for the boycott to cripple the German businesses, were under the World Jewish Congress (Edwin Black, The Transfer Agreement - The Untold Story of the Secret Pact Between the 3rd Reich and Jewish Palestine, Macmillan, New York, 1984). We have also seen that while these “non-Zionists” were working to create a boogeyman of Adolf Hitler and destroy Germany’s economy. The Zionists and the supposed non-Zionists (World Jewish Congress) were all along one and the same. The Jews prove this with their veiy own words:
“... and finally in the form of mass-based organizations claiming to speak in the name of World Jewry, of which the first and most successful was the World Zionist Organization. The World Zionist Organization gave birth to three of the four others that today form the pentagon of world Jewish polity; The State of Israel, the Jewish Agency for Israel, and the World Jewish Congress (Daniel J. Elazar, Ibid., p. 20).
“The World Zionist Organization ... led ... in the 1930’s and 1940’s, and then gave way to the government of the state [of Israel] after 1948” [Ibid. p. 25-26).
So, the so-called non-Zionists were actually Zionists, as the World Jewish Congress is a creature of the World Zionist Organization, and they have both since admitted to the central authority of the bastard state of Israel. None of this is difficult to follow once we realize that the minds of these mongrel snake vampires have an unlimited capacity for dishonesty and perfidiousness.
The Jews love to play the name game -Judaism, Zionism, Communism, Talmudism, Universalism, Humanism etc. - there is no tangible difference between them because no matter what you call it, the outcome, as well as the source, is all the same. The moral of the story is: No matter what the basilisk may say, whenever a Jew tries to tell you that it is not a Zionist, DONT YOU BELIEVE IT.
On March 8, 1917, the London Times ran a piece which falsely claimed that Germans had gassed 700,000 Serbian civilians. That fraud was resurrected twenty-five years later in the Bund Report from the Warsaw Ghetto, which was inspired by Murray Bernays, a Zionist and Harvard graduate. The “report” maintained that “the Nazis have already exterminated 700,000 Polish Jews” (Underground Bund Report, May 25, 1942}.
Bernays is also a significant character in this discussion because, after being given a commission in the U.S. Army, he spent the entire war in an office of the War Department in D.C., planning in advance all the details of the Nuremberg show trials.
This eccentric mongrel was born Morris Lipstitch, but changed his name to that of his wife upon marrying Bertha Bernays, a Jewess whose uncle was none other than Sigmund Freud.
The plans for Nuremberg included declaring entire organizations as criminal, in addition to such specific details as that eleven of the defendants would be sentenced to death and hanged, or rather strangled to death, on Jew Purim Fest (Joseph E. Persico, Nuremberg: Infamy on Trial 1994.). Probably the most disgraceful element of the Nuremberg plans was the application of ex post facto law, meaning that the defendants could be tried for actions that were legal when those actions were taken.
After the war in 1945, Lipstitch joined Robert Jackson, the lead prosecutor of Nuremberg. Jackson, as is well known, was permitted to be a part of the formulation of the procedural rules that would “govern” the “trials” at Nuremberg, an unheard of practice even among legal circles, which are notorious
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
for their corruption.
The Nuremberg sham once again brings the Protocols to mind. Protocol #19 is relevant:
“In order to destroy the prestige of heroism for political crime, we shall send it for trial in the category of thieving, murder, and every kind of abominable and filthy crime. Public opinion will then confuse in its conception this category of crime with the disgrace attaching to every other and will brand it with the same contempt.”
Not only were honorable men put on trial at Nuremberg for normal political and military activities, but some of them were very well known for their good deeds and heroic acts. The wretched Jews, through the sensationalism that they are all too well known for, tried to transform many of these activities into abhorrent conduct.
The Nuremberg “trials” were just another Jewish concoction. In case someone has any doubts, the man who was president of the World Jewish Congress at the time dispels them. Speaking of the Nuremberg show trials:
“It was the brainchild of the World Jewish Congress officials ... Only after persistent effort were the World Jewish Congress officials able to persuade Allied leaders to accept the idea” (Nahum Gold-mann. President, World Jewish Congress, in his autobiography, 1969).
The idea, as we know, was accepted, and a Zionist Jew had worked fervently on drawing up the details. Then every detail was carried out according to Jewish wishes, including the eleven defendants who were choked to death on October 16, 1946 on the depraved Jew Purim Fest. One of the Nuremberg judges is later said to have* admitted that the Jews, not the judges, were in charge of the “trials” (Donn de Grand Pre’, Bemoan-ans Inside the Gates, 1999, p. 175-176,1 &Upt-ing Samuel T. Williams.).
The Jews erroneously claim that mem* Purim Fest is Biblical. Due to confines of space, that discussion will have to beylfalit| with in another article, but I can tell you con- i fidently that a review of that topic |yill expose the grandest Jewish ruse of allkime, that they are somehow the “chosen people.”
We have seen that the Jews have shaped their bogus “Holocaust” lie for centuries.
honing its particulars by performing numerous preludes. Through their jellyfishes and Jew leaders in Washington, their control of financial institutions, their control in the courtrooms, their control of the false religious sector, their control in educational fields, they have saturated a gullible American public with its postulated “legitimacy”.
The Jew media manipulates unsuspecting individuals and fools; Jewish predominance in academia then assures that young minds have little chance of contacting any factual, scholarly, logical, or scientific evidence which, if discovered, would easily reveal the bald-faced lies, gross inconsistencies, and outright absurdities of the Jewish rusemeisters’ extravagant and preposterous tales.
We have also observed that the Jews always attempt to place themselves on all sides, so that no matter what the outcome, they will have agents in the winning camp.
Seeing how they are predominantly pulling off such a colossal legerdemain as the so-called “World War II Holocaust”, is it really such an unreasonable mental leap to suspect that they are capable of arranging for a couple of airplanes to bump into some buildings, and then have them put the blame elsewhere?
If you ask yourself. Who would ACTUALLY do such a thing? Who truly profited here? It is glaringly obvious just who the real haters are, the prime beneficiaries and perpetrators of the entire episode.
It is little wonder that their mega-media has been incessantly flashing little cliches and twisted insinuations designed to inflame passions against not just Muslims, but against others who do not support Judaism.
From time primeval, these warped serpentine mongrel bastards have been the masters of falsehood and slander. Enough is enough. It is time for the ruse to end.
^atal°^Letters
,, w''* Please iadress enquiries/letters to:
N 1 4 2002	NFP
_P.O. Box 705 v ^ jOandridge, TN 37725
I
(Payment is accepted in the form of cash, check, or money order, made payable in US funds to NFP).
Nationalist free Press
Catalog of Books • January; 2002
Introducing:
The Nationalist Free Press, Volume 1: January, 2001 - December, 2001


Act now to buy this most recent edition to the Nationalist Free Press library. This bound volume contains the first 12 issues of the Nationalist Free Press in one complete work! Now, you can enjoy the Nationalist Free Press again, and even have a convenient method of displaying the work to your friends.
For the past year, your friends at the NFP haved worked hard to bring you ground-break-
ing editorials, memorable arguments, and most important, the truth that the mainstream Jewish media would like to keep from white Americans.
Many of the articles are timeless in their scope, offering information that will be relevant for many years to come. Order today!
SB	144	pgs.	$16.00
The Anointed Standard Translation of the New Testament
In 1995, an exactingly literal and accurate translation of the New Testament, The Anointed Standard Translation (AST), was offered to white Christians. Thousands have enjoyed the AST as a Jew-free, theology-free, new
translation	with hundreds of	
sidenotes,	footnotes,	and
dozens of Appendices.		
Now,	the new	and
improved second edition is available. The AST, 2nd edition, has more Appendices, more sidenotes and improved footnotes, Old Testament prophecies referenced, a topical index, and a new and improved introduction. It is
also available for the first time in hardback, beautifully bound in black with gold lettering. The softback edition is bound with the highest quality binding available for a softback book. The AST is an indispensable tool for Bible study. Order yours today!
HB	648 pgs.	$35.00
SB	648 pgs.	$25.00
Name	.	.	_______________________________
Address______- .	.	______________________________________
City____________________________________State_____________Zip___________
Ph. #________________________________E-Mail_____________________________
Place your order on the opposite side, cut, and mail with your cash, check, or money order, to:
NFP
P.0. Box 705, Dandridge, TN 37725
The History of The Bible
Pastor V.S. Herrell
This book by Pastor Herrell is the only honest book ever written on this most vital subject. This book deals with subjects every white man needs to know, covering all aspects of the history of the Bible, including: The New Testament, Textual Criticism, The Old Testament, The Masoretic Text, Jerome, The Septuagint, Other Versions, Canonicity, English Translations, the Apocrypha, the Anointed Standard Translation, etc.
Order this book today and discover what Jews don’t want white people to know about their Bible!
SB 112 pgs.	$5.00
The Sixth law of God
Pastor V.S. Herrell
and beyond the shadow of any doubt that the commandment commonly translated “Thou shalt not commit adultery” is in fact a clear and explicit prohibition of racemixing.
No book of this type has ever been written; this study combines the best Greek evidence in a concise format and also examines the internal evidence of the Bible relating to men such as Jeph-thah, Phineas, and Esdras. Brilliantly written, The Sixth Law of God shows emphatically that race-mixing is forbidden in both the Old and New Testaments. This is a book so powerful and convincing that its arguments are absolutely irrefutable.
SB 100 pgs.	$5.00
The Zionist Factor
Ivor Benson
ses is presented in this book to provide a broader picture of the Zionist Jewish influence on twentieth century political changes. Ivor Benson provides an interesting insight into the motivation behind the Middle East conflict the Jews have created - a motivation that is purely the quest for world conquest, not religious unity.
SB 217 pgs. $12.00
Knights of the Reich
Gunther Fraschka
Enjoy the biographies of the most highly decorated Wehrmacht soldiers of the Third Reich. These twenty-seven men exhibited extraordinary behavior in the face of great hardship, and should not be forgotten. Their acts of bravery and valor are an inspiration to white men everywhere.
HB 352 pgs. $29.95
Quantity Total
This new book by Pastor Herrell proves scientifically
A series of separate the-
crt\
Title	Price
The Nationalist Free Press, Volume 1	$16.00
The AST, 2nd Edition, Hardback	$35.00
The AST, 2nd Edition, Softback	$25.00
(Shipping included for the above titles! [Applies to AST only])
The History of the Bible The Zionist Factor The Sixth Law of God Knights of the Reich
$5.00
$12.00
$5.00
$29.95
Subtotal
(+10% shipping and handling)
Grand Total