“And you will know the truth, and truth will set you free” (Jesus Christ, John 8:32). December, 2001	www.nationalistfreepress.com	Vol.	I,	No.	12
Freedom Under Threat: An Editorial
Friends and fellow American patriots, it is with a heavy heart that I must regretfully announce that the Nationalist Free Press will no longer take new subscriptions for the oncoming year. We will finish our obligation to those supporters and patriots who have subscribed as late as last month. In other words, the Nationalist Free Press will continue to be published for twelve more issues, even though we will officially not be seeking new subscribers or to grow.
If you are already a subscriber, the issues after your subscription expires will be available until the end of 2002 for the price of $2.00 each postage paid. Let me give an example: if your current subscription expires with the June, 2002, issue and you would like to purchase the remaining 2002 issues, your cost would be $12.00 - six months at $2.00 per month. If your subscription expires in July, you would send $10.00 for the remaining five months of 2002, August through December, and so on. If you have forgotten or have doubts as to when your current subscription runs out, please feel free to contact the NFP staff, who will be happy to assist you.
We began with the highest of hopes and aspirations to produce the very best right wing periodical magazine paper in circulation in this day and time. I believe the record shows that we did indeed achieve that goal in
Also in this issue ...
Letter to the Editor 4 David Duke, Jewish Frontman 4 Bloomberg’s Jew York 5 Hitting the Nail on the Head 6 Kosher Update 6 We Were Here First 6 More Jewish Drug Dealers 7 More Hate Crime Fraud 7 Did the President Shoot Down Flight 93? 8
producing the finest, most informative and conservative paper, and indeed set the standard for what it means to be a right wing patriotic American. We are deeply indebted to all of the writers and researchers who contributed so unselfishly. Unfortunately, we could not obtain the number of subscribers to make the Nationalist Free Press a viable and self-supporting paper.
The enemies of trutii do indeed have con-
Continued on page 2...
Black Innovation?
by V.S. Herrell
Recently, it has become popular to spread yet even more misinformation, this time regarding black inventions. While history has proven that blacks have failed to contribute anything significant to the building of civilization, campaigns are spreading across America attempting to credit black “inventors” with certain inventions. One such campaign is promoted by IBM who offers a poster of “Famous Black Inventions.” Included on this poster are pictures of blacks and their supposed inventions - including the traffic light.
While the black Garrett A. Morgan did submit and receive a patent for a traffic signal in 1923, he did not invent the traffic light. The first “traffic light” was created in London in 1868, used to control the traffic of pedestrians and buggies. It was illuminated by gas using green and red colors, and was manually operated by policemen who turned a lever to reveal the appropriate color to the appropriate lane of traffic. Railroads were already using a lighting system as well. It was a police officer, William Potts, who first improved on the gas-light invention, which
Continued on page 10...
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and not necessarily of the NFP or its editors.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Freedom Under Threat cont....
trol of all of the media in the United States and even control of many organizations that profess to be conservative. We could stay in business if we would do as so many others have done, which is stoop down and take on awoken “good” Jew or a token “good” black; if we would seek to please the FBI that shows so much interest in us; if we would cow down and quit using the word Jew or exposing the world Zionist plot for world domination and slavery; if we would climb on the bandwagon of the mob and their phony, flag-waving patriotism and forget about all the crimes the Jews have committed against Palestinians and all other nations. But to do so would mean that we would have to compromise our personal integrity and virtue. To be an American is not to support tyranny. To be an American is to be fair and just, to believe in freedom for all, not just the few mongrels who have the big bucks.
Americans do not support the wholesale murder of men in sovereign states without due process of law. True Americans are not vicious, cutthroat murderers. True Americans are not in favor of wholesale murder in the form of race-mixing. We do not endorse the murder of our own posterity to the hundreds of millions. True Americans do not lie and deceive in order to build a police state, because true Americans believe in freedom and especially in those freedoms guaranteed by the Bill of Rights.
I want to thank each of you who have subscribed and supported this worthy effort of decency. Folks, I hate to say it, but the America that we loved is today a thing of the past. I can take the threats from crazy Jews.
I can take the innuendo and implied threats from even our own government, which has sought to intimidate me, even if only obliquely. I have never worried about being shot or my house being burned, though I know the Jews are capable of it when I remember what they did to Ernst Zundel. I can take even the heartache of approaching people by mail that we knew were once good white Americans and have them tell me to take their name off of our mailing list because they now have a mongrel grandchild. I can take all that the Communists and faggots and indecent perverts wish to dish out, in terms of personal views or personal
threats toward my safety or even my family’s safety. I can endure the opened mail. I can deal with the smart comments of those who are tapping my telephone lines and the vehicles with black windshields sitting in front of my house. I can take the harassment of Jew reporters. I can take the threats to bring lawsuits. But the one thing I cannot do is continue to publish at my expense a veiy needed paper without the needed support through growth or without additional money. I am not a multi-millionaire; I have no secret Jews who contribute large sums of money like the Jewdeo TV preachers. If it were up to me, I would print hundreds of thousands of NFP’s and give them away, but that is not up to me, it is up to you. It is up to you whether there will be freedom of speech in American or not.
It is up to you whether we will continue to exercise the right to publicly disagree with a tyrannical government bent on building a police state and destroying the very principles of American freedom. It is up to you and you alone, one of the few true American patriots, as to whether or not your children and grandchildren will ever be able to breathe the sweet air of freedom. All of our founding fathers have agreed that we have much more to fear from tyrannical government and its tyranny over freedom than we ever will have from the terror or terrorism of all the evil people of the world. That which we should fear is not a few intermittent acts of criminals, regardless of how huge the criminal act may seem at the time, that which we should truly fear is the fear itself. For fear is what the rebel rousers use to appeal to the mob. Fear should not be in the vocabulary of an American. We should not allow the establishment of a tyrannical government of a police state simply because of the fear of a few criminals who died committing their crimes.
We all know that the invasion of the free state of Afghanistan and the elimination of the people’s government there is all over an oil pipeline. If Bill Clinton had been the representative of oil concerns and business we would have been in Afghanistan under his administration. But let us not insult the great Americans who have died in real wars by calling our declaration against a few Moslems a war on terrorism. It is ridiculous to call the police action we are now engaged in
www.nationalistfreepress.com
3
anything but a police state action. This double-talk began with Johnson declaring “War on Poverty” and “War on Drugs,” because the people began to understand during the police action of Korea and Vietnam that police actions are those things brought about by police states. To use the word “war” in connection with the invasion of a free state and the elimination of the government chosen by the people of that state is an insult to every American who has died since the Civil War. Will I be allowed to continue to tell the truth? A police state by definition is a state that has no loyal opposition. As Americans, we have the constitutionally allowed right of the freedom of publishing and freedom of speech. The federalists and internationalists are now trying to take that right away from you and your children. Here is your opportunity to do something about it. You must say it with your checkbook, with your dollars. You must say it with thousands of dollars, not just hundreds.
My friends, if the Nationalist Free Press does have to fold because of the lack of dedicated supporters, then I ask each of you that did not contribute: please do not complain when in a few short months or years you find yourself in prison or surrendering your guns, watching as your neighbors are hauled off to insane asylums and other holding camps, which are already being planned by this tyrannical government. Do not listen to defeatists. We can win if we will stand up and be counted. We can win if we will stand together. We can win if we will count our heritage of freedom as precious as our forefathers did before us, those who shed their blood for their hard-won freedom.
I hate to have to be like Moses and draw a line and say, “If you are for decency, justice, truth and the real American way step across this line,” but since 9-11, postage will no doubt climb again. The crazy post office will have newer regulations this coming month and I will have to talk to 15 different people before I can get a straight answer. The point is, it is going to get much worse. We are moving toward a complete and total police state. Never in history has there been a time when the voice of many of our writers, such as Dr. V.S. Herrell, renowned Bible scholar and translator of the New Testament, and many others, needs to be heard. There are few truly
honorable men and women in this country, even among the right wing, who can really assess what the de facto government is doing. Yes, we have tried to inform you quite a bit about the ever increasing number of pandemic diseases that we are all going to have to deal with pretty soon. We even had projects on the table for building bomb shelters and ways and means of avoiding some of the plagues that are soon to come upon us -practical, down-to-earth, truthful information. But again, without the interest and support of God-fearing, true, white American patriots, then we will be forced to take the actions I had first above mentioned.
Many of you out there could write a check for $1,000.00 to $10,000.00, and even possibly take the gift off your income tax, to underwrite the continuance of the Nationalist Free Press. We have lost The Spotlight We have lost many other such right wing papers, if not due to current pressures of the federal government, then due to infiltration by Jews and their fellow travelers in the past.
We have diligently sought to be the voice pf truth and freedom for the true white and right wing American' patriots. That is the standard we have sought to maintain. I really need to hear from several of you who could underwrite the publication and see to the continuance of the Nationalist Free Press, until such time as we could get the numbers of subscribers that we actually need to support the publication of the Nationalist Free Press. But I must hear from many of you with large contributions before that would be possible. I will do the work. I will stand up, and I will continue to have the good will of all the fine writers and good people that we seek to publish.! But I cannot do it unless you search your heart right this minute, and you ask yourself this question: What is it worth to me, as an American, to have a voice that dares to tell the truth and the whole truth at this time in history?
God forgive me that I make this appeal even as a pessimist. We have appealed for money and support in the past and have had very few great Americans dig deep in their pockets. But I am making this appeal in the name of truth and freedom. Please, each one of you, think of your children and your grandchildren. Buy the bound copy of all twelve issues of the Nationalist Free Press of
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
2001. Make it available for others to read. You must purposely seek to sign-up others to subscribe to our last American voice of dissi-dence and freedom, the Nationalist Free Press. If all of our current subscribers could enlist three other supporters, then this too would answer our great financial need and keep the iron boot of the current de facto, plutocratic government from stomping us into oblivion through higher paper, postage, and legal fees, etc. We must love freedom more than money. We must love truth more than our selfish desires. Otherwise, we will perish as a free people and our children and grandchildren will cease to be a distinguishable race on this planet. Please let truth prevail. Please make it possible for the Nationalist Free Press to continue. With all sincerity and genuine hope of victory,
Michael C. Rose, Editor-In-Chief
Letter to the Editor
Tm a recent subscriber to NFP and the contents of its newsletter gives me great insight into the powers ... which I endure every day.
I live in the metropolitan Boston area, a city of the U.S. that is enduring the influx of huge waves of Soviet Jews into the city.
As much as I try to uphold a pragmatic view of this development, the effort just seems more worthless as time progresses and my exposure to these Jews gets more frequent. I have never met people more gooney than these Russian Jews. They are arrogant, belligerent, overpowering goons. They arrive here in the Boston area and immediately commence to usurp from the state. They get welfare benefits. Social Security benefits and as much public assistance as they want. All of this on top of the help they receive from these various Jewish social agencies scattered around Boston.
A better known one by me is called The Hebrew Free Loan Society. It is a funding organization that provides each newly arrived Soviet Jew couple or family with a loan of up to $5000 to aid in their getting housing, employment and education.
In reality, they are taking most of the better housing stock from long time Americans,
their numbers of arrivals putting tremendous pressure on housing availability. They are filling up the number of college seats at local universities, displacing Americans from those availabilities.
The hard fact, editor, is that the regime of Vladimir Putin is solving its problem of the Jews in Russia - mostly elderly ones - by packing all of them on planes and sending them to Boston, and probably other U.S. destinations [such as Chicago and L.A.] for Jewish groups to tend to them here. Calling it unfair is too nice a word!
I hear enough old white people complaining of these recently arrived Jews from the “old Soviet Union” getting all the good housing, Social Security help, etc. There isn’t one day goes by when I don’t remind myself that these people are the same ones who the Nazis [and even Stalinist Soviets] [allegedly] lined up at ditches and shot. Living among them day to day, I can understand well why the Nazis [may have done] that. [Editors note]
The place that I’ve called home for some time is being converted into a big weigh station for Russian Jews and Caribbean and Mexican scum, brought here by people who can make themselves as remote from them as possible, anytime they wish.
I expect the United States to implode sometime soon and I will make efforts to prevent myself from being a victim of it.
I see the Nationalist Free Press and my membership as being a needed safety vent for my belief and my conscience.
Thank you for your truthful balance.
Loyal Subscriber, Boston, MA
David Duke,
Jewish Frontman
After being made aware over the years of the probability and the contemplation of many factors, it came as no surprise when, finally, conclusive proof that David Duke is indeed a Jewphile was published.
The following quotes that convict him come from his own website: www.duke.org. I am not ashamed to say that this revolting kike and his game of sophistry sickens me to
www.nationalistfreepress.com
5
the core. Duke says, “I will state emphatically here and now that I do not oppose all Jews.** This shows that David Duke is, in fact, pro-Jewish. I am curious to know just where Mr. Duke finds these “acceptable” mongrels. Could it be that he finds them among his many loyal financial supporters?
In the promotion of his latest book, he writes of Jews and non-Jews: “This book is ultimately about lessening both the dangers and the hatreds between our peoples.” Only a Jewphile could possibly make such a statement. He also states: “It would be wrong to hate or persecute present day Jews because of the role of Jewish leaders in the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.” Duke states this despite the fact that the Jews themselves said, “His blood be on us and on our children,” but even in this, Mr. Duke is somewhat correct. The present day Jews need not be blamed for the injustices committed by their forefathers - their own injustices will suffice.
Duke further states: “I recognize the natural right for all the different peoples and nationalities of the earth.” These words could be no more Jewish, Unitarian, Universalist, or Communist, for that matter, than if they had come straight from the mouth of the Roman Catholic pope himself. “I respect and applaud every people who desire to preserve their own way of life ... All people have the right to preserve their unique identities, including Jews.”
This shaded and indirect endorsement of the homosexual lifestyle by Duke is absolutely unacceptable to any decent person. There are some lifestyles, some people, that are unacceptable under any circumstances, such as child molesters, homosexuals, lesbians, criminals, etc.
After reading the following statement, it is obvious that Duke would like to be seen as the world philanthropist: “It is my hope that all nations and every people, while acknowledging our respective differences of religion, race, culture and nationality, will work together.”
Duke’s endorsement of all culture is as absurd as his other statements. Japanese culture has, for centuries, endorsed the adolescents coming into puberty by having sex with their mothers. Other Oriental cultures
have endorsed incest as a tradition. Is Mr. Duke stupid? Has he lost his mind, or is he having Jews write his rhetoric? I think it is the latter, since Duke is allegedly facing some criminal charges and no doubt wants to come home to America. Maybe Duke should stay in Russia with his Jewish friends, since he has systematically sold out the white cause.
The tales regarding Duke’s pro-Jewish-ness that some suspected were rumors and speculation are finally put to bed. The cat is out of the yarmulke. The worst has been proven to be true, and by the self-condemning evidence presented by Mr. Duke himself.
People, I give you a stern warning to beware of “right wingers,” “Identity preachers,” and the like, who promote this criminal. If there was any doubt regarding Duke’s allegiances before, there is none now, nor can there be any doubt from this day forward. Anyone who supports or advocates David Duke should fall under the highest scrutiny and should be viewed as and handled from the position that they are also Jews. White people, it is time to stand together in saying, “David Duke, you Jew-loving Communist puke, its time for you to pack it up and head for Tel Aviv!”
Bloomberg's Jew York
New York’s mayoral race was a subject of great interest but very little coverage considering the recent events of September 11, 2001. Michael Bloomberg, a wealthy Jewish media mogul, managed to win the recent election to replace Rudolf Guiliani as the city’s new mayor. Using the same Jewish tricks, Bloomberg invested $70 million to, in effect, buy the election. Even Newsweek magazine admits this. In his article, “Betting on a Billionaire,” (Newsweek, November 19, 2001) Jonathan Alter states:
“It was a strong and reassuring line from the billionaire bon vivant, who got his job the New York way - he bought it, with a staggering $70 million of his own money.”
Of course, the rest of the article shows clearly that Alter did not mean this with any malintent, but rather states it almost admiringly. While Guiliani drew early criticism for
www.nationalistfreepress.com	Nationalist	Free	Press
his tough stance against crime in the city, even managing to reduce crime rates 62%, Bloomberg will no doubt cater to the mongrel and black criminals overrunning the city. With logic only a Jew can understand, Bloomberg states in the same magazine:
' “But you don’t, until you get out there, understand that all the minorities feel that the police abuse them and that they don’t have chances at city jobs and that minority businesses don’t have chances at city contracts. Keep in mind that a lot of the numbers don't support the allegation. But the belief is just as bad as if it exists.” (emphasis added) Perhaps Bloomberg will officially change the city’s name to the obvious: Jew York.
Hitting the Nail On the Head
Vladimir Zhirinovsky of the State Duma is one of the few leaders in the world with the guts to stand up and tell the obvious truth. No matter how you look at it, the Jews are 100% responsible for the events that occurred on September 11, 2QQJ.
Mr. Zhirinovsky gave a dissertation"at a press conference in Moscow. The following is a quote obtained from the website: engllsh.pravda.ru/politics/2001/09/13/15091 .html: “The terrorist acts committed in New York and Washington were plotted and organized in the USA, and other nations have no relation to them ... The terrorist acts in the USA were staged by international financial elites seeking to put the West and the Moslem world in conflict.**
From the website www.fsumonitor.com/ stories/10250lRuss2.shtml,	we have
another interesting statement in the article “State Duma Deputies Blame Jews For September 11”:
“Cherepkov, the former mayor of Vladivostok, blamed a Jewish-Masonic conspiracy for the September 11 attacks on the US. He accused Israel of using the world system of Masomy to organize the September 11 attacks in order to grant *at the sunset of the career of Ariel Sharon his old dream - Israel from the Nile to the Euphrates’.**
Also, Mr. Cherepkov pointed out that the assassination of Tourism Minister Rehavam Zeevi was carried out by Jews since “only the
Israeli special services could have penetrated such a well guarded hotel.”
Kosher Update
Are you short on cash after that trip to the grocery store? Just how wide are the effects of the kosher food scam? Don’t you as a consumer have a right to know? The answer comes to us from the Jews at www. kosherfest. com/main. htm:
“Kosher is a $5.5 billion market and growing by 15% a year! More than $130 billion of packaged foods and $300 billion of ingredients produced in the U.S. are certified kosher.”
We Were Here First
So-called American Indians or Native Americans have garnered much sympathy, attention, and special considerations thanks to white Americans giving in to their pleas of “we were here first” or that white people stole their land from them. Recently, archaeological discoveries are challenging that claim, specifically the skeletal remains of Kennewick Man, a Caucasian skeleton found in Washington State and reported to be over 9,000 years old.
Last month, the NFP published an article regarding Kennewick Man, which the mongrel Indians are claiming as their ancestor so that they can bury this archaeological treasure. What many do not understand is that Kennewick Man is only one of several ancient skeletal remains that have been found in America and which are significantly different in racial characteristics from today’s so-called Native Americans.
What these finds clearly demonstrate is that the mongrel Indians were definitely not here first, as they have claimed. In fact, it is more likely that Caucasian Europeans inhabited North America long before the so-called Native Americans. Most of these whites were probably killed by the plague of mongrelization. Even many of the victims of the smallpox outbreak brought to America by Spanish settlers bore white characteristics. Also, it is generally agreed by many histori-
www.nationalistfreepress.com
7
ans that white Norsemen settled in eastern North America long before Columbus ever landed. This current attempt to make mongrels out of whites is not unprecedented. Many of you will remember the Jewish media’s attempts to “change the face” of Jesus into a mongrelized, effeminate, revolting sight, contrary to Biblical evidence which proves that Jesus was white, as well as the historical evidence of Josephus, for example.
The sites where non-mongoloid, ancient skeletons have been found in north America are: Kennewick, Washington: 9,300 years old; Browns Valley, Minnesota: 9,300 years old; Spirit Cave, Nevada: 9,200 years old; Gordon Creek, Colorado: 9,700 years old; Wilson-Leonard, Texas: 9,500-10,000 years old.
Some of these skeletons have already been reburied as a result of mongrel Indian insistence, and valuable archaeological research has been halted, all in the name of political correctness. The mongrels know that their claims of “we were here first” cannot hold water in light of this new evidence, and that their hold on American land, tax money, and sympathy will slowly loosen. For now, unfortunately, the mongrels have enough control over America to have already caused the injustices which have been committed against truth and reality. Perhaps white people will awaken to the travesties being committed and prevent the mongrels from continuing to control what truth is released to the white American public.
More Jewish Drug Dealers
In New York, reports have surfaced of yet another international Israeli Jew dope-pushing ring. This time, there were six Jews who were indicted on 38 counts. Their heinous operation was discovered by accident. Zwi Haim Harris was at an apartment building a couple of blocks down from what used to be the World Trade Center complex. After the collapse, firefighters were going through the dusty building to evacuate it.
That was when they stumbled upon Harris. When confronted by police as to what he was doing in the area, he told them that he lived there and took them to what he claimed
was his apartment. When Harris opened the door, the cops spotted pot laying on a table and took him into custody. The police searched the apartment and found over three thousand ecstasy pills.
Harris must have sung like a bird; five other arrests were made and police seized another ten thousand ecstasy pills. The other Jewish criminals were: Allen Agureyev of Brooklyn, Frank Gomez and Lior Hajaj of Manhattan, Michael Brenman of New Jersey, and Yigal Dobakrov. According to the District Attorney’s office, Dobakrov was the ring leader. It comes as no surprise that he is also an Israeli citizen. Dobakrov had in his possession approximately fifty thousand hits of ecstasy with a street value of $1.25 million. This sheenie was the organizer/importer and was tunneling the money back to Israel.
More Hate Crime Fraud
In September, a Jew-instigated black girl from Texas, Camille Fulton, claimed that two white men had approached and attacked her, cutting the letters KKK into her chest. She claimed the assault took place in Bivins, a small town in eastern Texas.
Her story went like this - She said that she was walking home when two men came up in a truck with sheets on their heads and that the men started calling her names. “I took off running, but they drove toward me and knocked me down by opening the truck door.” She said that she was beaten, robbed, kidnapped and raped. “I don’t remember too much after that.” She said that she was then held overnight in an “unknown” place, then later taken and thrown out of the truck.
Upon investigation, the police detectives discovered that there was discrepancy in the tale. Ronnie Fincher, a Cass County Chief Deputy, came forward and made an announcement that it was all made up and that none of it was true. “She admitted it to the FBI agent and one of our deputies ...It was all fabricated.”
The woman did have some minor injuries and she was treated at Atlanta Memorial Hospital. Fincher said that the woman had carved the letters on her own chest using a pair of scissors. The Texarkana Gazette
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
reported: “The letters appear to be mirror images (i.e. backwards?!) - as if someone did them while looking in a mirror. *
This seems to be an on-going pattern that the blacks have picked up from the Jews. Earlier this year, in April, it was reported that a black’s Pittsburgh house had been destroyed and that police had discovered “racial slurs” that had been spray-painted on the living room walls and mirror and also on the faces of some children’s pictures. The home belonged to James Howard, who had been out at the time of the fire with his girlfriend. But Howard, being a typical black, had another girlfriend. He bragged to her that he had done it and she in turn told the police.
Another black, Keith McBroom, painted “racial slurs” on the side of a house that he was renting, then torched the place. Police stated that McBroom was in debt up to his ears and had purchased renter’s insurance only one week before.
All this goes to show that whenever Jew-ish-educated American blacks claim to be victims of “hate crimes,” the firsthand principle suspect that must be investigated is the noisy, loud-mouth black making the allegations with the poor, poor persecuted me Jewish song and dance routine. In fact, so-called hate crimes are 100 times more likely to be committed by blacks against whites. This is one statistic that the mongrel state does not like to advertise.
Did the President Shoot Down Flight 93?
This article reports some of the facts regarding Flight 93 that were reported locally. The big Jewish media did not want to bring forward and talk about these facts. Instead, they quickly created the “Great American Hero” story, and shortly after it ran, they shut discussion down.
The fighter jets that keep reappearing in the news as the “escorts” of “problem” aircraft are just the Jewish police state's way of flexing its muscles. The real message these jets want to give is: “We are ready to blow your ass out of the sky.”
Why can we not be shown any hard evi-
dence concerning Flight 93? Or even facts regarding the rest of this phony “war on terrorism” for that matter? All we are given is Jewish mumbo-jumbo. In response to the public’s legitimate interest in this affair, all the big media Jews have to say is: “Well, we have alleged information that someone said that there was partial transcript of a supposed cockpit recording that had a voice reportedly speaking in broken English.”
That just isn’t good enough, given their undiminished history of telling lies, half-truths and misleading statements to the American public. That statement, statements like it, and all of those types of statements, even if repeated a hundred times, are no proof of anything. The media hopes you are a fool, and that you are just supposed to assume the answers that the Jews are tiying to give you. Even if a recording or transcript surfaced today, it would not be as credible as the first hand reports, because they have not had enough time to fabricate anything.
So, what was the big Jew media tiying to black out concerning Flight 93? Well, for one thing, there were video interviews that appeared locally of witnesses saying there was other aircraft, military-type aircraft, at the crash. There were at least four witnesses at the crash scene within the first five minutes who told Paul Van Osdol of WTAE-TV that there was another plane in the area. Jim Brandt said the other plane stayed in the area for a couple of minutes before it left. Tom Spinello described the plane as having high back wings. Both of these men said that the plane had no markings and both are Somerset County residents.
Early reports said that some of the debris had come down two miles away and that some of it was washing up on the shore of Indian Lake. Local residents had started gathering the debris and an announcement was made that people should refrain from doing so. This immediately went to show that there was not a single crash site where the plane was just run into the ground by the “heroes”. A passenger had made a call from the bathroom to Westmoreland County 911. Glenn Cramer, the dispatcher, said, “He heard some sort of explosion and saw white smoke coming from the plane and we lost contact with him.” The FBI seized the tape and refused to comment.
The Jews many times opened their stories of Flight 93 with reports that there may have
www.nationalistfreepress.com
9
been a bomb on board. Why would they say that? How did they know that? If this had been so well-planned, with unlimited financial support, years in the preparation, only this one plane gets a bomb? Why only that one and not any of the others? This announcement was made in order to lead the gullible into a direction they desire. If you happen to be aware that the plane exploded in midair, and most are not, then you are supposed to assume that “Arabs” just set it off.
Why would you blow up a plane you were going to crash into a target? While there is no evidence of a bomb on board, if there was one, I wonder if the people responsible for airport security and the airlines themselves are afraid of the victims’ families coming together and suing them for negligently letting this bomb on board? Because of people coming forward and reporting that they had seen military aircraft at the time of the crash in the air around the crash area, many were saying that the plane had been shot down.
The Jews were aware that they had a potential problem that was unfolding here. Fearing how the public might react, they had Secretary of State Donald Rumsfeld get up and say that this was not the case, according to John Murtha, a Representative from Pennsylvania. Rumsfeld does a CYA to give himself a way out in case the facts come to the surface and the public opinion later turns sour. A totally Jewish tactic - I didn’t say it, he did. Murtha was supposed to reassure the locals that the plane was not shot down by saying that the Johnstown-Cambria County Airport had received a warning call. And so what? What reassurance is that? Ok, some names that the local people recognize are thrown around; it is meaningless.
Dennis Fritz was in charge at the tower of the Johnstown-Cambria County Airport, which was about twenty miles away. Rumsfeld’s statement was clearly a Jewish line of BS, because upon investigation we find that Fritz and the controllers said that they could not see the plane from their tower and in fact never saw it, so how is this supposed to mean that the plane was not shot down? Am I just supposed to trust Murtha’s “intuition” when he didn’t see it either?
Now get this, the FBI’s Bill Crowley comes out and says that debris from the crash scene had been found up to two-and-one-half miles away around Indian Lake AND
eight miles away in New Baltimore. Now you have to ask yourself. How in the hell did it get there? Did it just bounce eight miles down the road? There can be no doubt that Flight 93 was simply not run into the ground, period.
With the debris COMING DOWN in multiple locations, as much as eight miles apart, it had to be a midair explosion. What other explanation is there? What other explanation can there be? Next comes one of the most ridiculous lies they have ever told. Their explanation was that this crash debris “blew” (mind you we are talking about 2, 3, and 8 miles apart) because there was a wind speed of nine knots at the time of the crash! Nine knots? Come on, that’s deranged. To back up this dementia, they then issued statements that the wind was blowing to the southeast and that Indian Lake and New Baltimore were southeast of the main crash site, but then conflicting reports were issued that said that Indian Lake was northeast and New Baltimore was southeast. I guess that one would have to actually physically go there and see which one of these reports was true.
It shows that the media Jews had planned this Tittle announcement. You see, they said this nine knots crap to confuse the dimwits, like you are supposed to believe it was a gale force hurricane or something. A knot is 1.15 miles per hour, so we are talking about only a ten mile per hour wind here, and this ten mile per hour wind “blew” airplane crash debris for a distance of eight miles? Get real. A ten mile per hour wind couldn’t blow a fart for eight damn miles.
So was Flight 93 shot down? This is what we know: There is no evidence other than Jew-fabricated speculation that there was a bomb on board, but you know that there had to be a midair explosion because of the multiple locations of crash debris and the call made by at least one passenger. If there were Arab hijackers, which is also unproven and at this point, why would they want to blow up a plane that they needed to use for another purpose? You have withheld evidence by the Jew media of several local witnesses who saw fast moving military type aircraft on the scene. And finally, you have both media and government Jews bending over backwards trying to tell ridiculous lies to cloud the issues in an obvious, but blundered, cover-up scheme.
What do you think?
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Black Innovation ? cont....
required a police officer to operate. William Potts recognized the need for something better when he observed that police officers were spending much of their time directing traffic after the invention of the automobile. He created an electric lighting system using red, amber, and green to control automobile traffic in Detroit. It was first used in 1920 and was the herald of the modem traffic light. William Potts was not black. Garrett A. Morgan’s traffic light of 1923 did not contribute significantly to the traffic light of today, but resembled train switching lights already in use.
When reading these lists of so-called inventions, which are especially prevalent on the Internet, it becomes painfully obvious the lies contained within those lists. These lists are especially popular on college campuses. Afrocentrism is the term used to describe the attempts to cover-up the truth of history by spreading lies which claim that the blacks of Africa actually created civilization. This ridiculous theory is being taught in many schools and even universities. Many college graduates think they are being intelligent when they state that without H. A. Jackson, we wouldn’t have a kitchen table, which he “invented” on October 6, 1896. This is how ridiculous these lists have become. I am sure that the kitchen table was invented centuries ago, although I don’t believe the blacks in Africa were furnishing their mud huts with kitchen tables. H.A. Jackson may have submitted an idea for a patent which was a special modification of the kitchen table, but he certainly did not invent it, and neither did his patent have any significance on the civilization of the world. This is also true for W. R. Davis, Jr., who is credited with inventing the library table - in 1878!
What many are doing is obtaining patent lists of blacks and then attempting to pass them off as inventions. Most of what these people are doing is taking a certain invention, modifying it in some way, and then patenting that modification. In other words, they are not patenting original creations. Many are just outright lying. One list credits Sarah Boone, a female black, with the invention of the ironing board in 1892. White people were ironing clothes on ironing boards long before 1892.
J. Standard, another black, is credited with inventing the refrigerator in 1891. Yet, the truth of history reveals this is another lie. William Cullen demonstrated the first known artificial refrigeration at the University of Glasgow in 1748. In 1805, Oliver Evans, an American, designed the first refrigeration machine, and in 1844, John Gorrie used this design to build a refrigerator which he used to cool the air for his patients suffering from yellow fever. This all happened well before J. Standard ever submitted his patent. Furthermore, the concept of refrigeration was known by whites long before the first artificial devices were ever created.
The lists go on and on. One credits the invention of the two-stroke gasoline engine in 1950 and the internal combustion engine in 1958 to a black, Frederick M. Jones. The truth is that thermal engines were created as long ago as the 1600’s by whites. Almost one hundred years before Frederick M. Jones, N. Otto developed the first successful four-stroke spark ignition gasoline engine in the 1870’s. The same year, Dougald Clerk built the first successful two-stroke engine, which remains in use today. The first person to actually experiment with the internal combustion engine was a Dutchman, Christian Huygens, who did so in 1680. Most of the modem gasoline engines are descendants of Gottlieb Daimler’s creation of 1885. For those who don’t know this, Daimler was a German. Frederick M. Jones is also credited with the invention of the starter generator in 1949; however, electric ignitions had already been introduced in 1924. On the same note, another black, Andrew J. Beard, is credited with inventing the rotary engine in 1892. This is completely unfounded. The first practical rotary engine was created by a German, Felix Wankel, in 1927.
On a lighter note, Lydia O. Newman, a black, is credited with inventing the hairbrush in the late 1800*s, despite the fact that white women have been brushing their hair for centuries. Burridge and Marshman supposedly invented the typewriter in 1885, despite the fact that Remington and Sons had already been selling the typewriter since 1874, and the original machine was created in 1868 by Christopher Latham Sholes. The initial typewriter did not have lowercase letters, but the shift key of the Number 2 type-
www.nationalistfreepress.com
11
writer, manufactured by Remington in 1878, allowed for lowercase letters. Other claims include riding saddles, which were supposedly invented by W. D. Davis in 1895. Again, this is claimed despite the fact that riding saddles were in use long before 1895, primarily by whites.
Another famous claim is that a black, Paul Williams, invented the helicopter. Again, a little research will prove this to be false. The fact is that no one person “invented” the helicopter. However, Leonardo da Vinci did pen down his own version of a helicopter long before Paul E. Williams was born. Furthermore, the first successful lift-off of a helicopter was accomplished in 1907 by a Frenchman, Paul Cornu, and Etienne Oeh-michen, another Frenchman, was able to fly a helicopter 1 kilometer in 1924. This flight lasted 7 minutes and 40 seconds. From that moment, white engineers advanced and perfected the helicopter, and in 1937 the first practical helicopter was introduced. Not surprisingly, this first practical helicopter was a German creation - the Focke-Wulf Fw 61. Igor Sigorsky, a Russian, is credited with many innovations and record setting flights after this time which greatly enhanced helicopter engineering.
Perhaps one of the most ridiculous claims is that a black, W. A. Lavallette, invented the printing press, which he had patented in America. This was undoubtedly news to Gutenberg, who had already invented the printing press in 1445, long before America was even a country and almost fifty years before Columbus even landed.
The list goes on and on, and each and every so-called “invention” can be refuted in a similar manner, from the biscuit cutter (A. P. Ashbourne, 1875) to the “portable shield for infantry” (H. Spears, 1870). Anyone familiar with history should be aware that whites have been using devices to cut out biscuits long before A. P. Ashbourne, and I am sure that Roman soldiers from the first century never went into battle without a “portable shield for infantry.” Michael Harney, another black, is credited with inventing the lantern. Why not credit him with inventing light or fire? Again, these claims are so ridiculous as to boggle the mind, yet many Americans blindly accept what they are being told as truth - white or black. What is worse, chil-
dren are being taught these lies in schools supported by our tax money. There are also federally funded “black history” museums throughout the country spreading such lies.
Even the claim that the mulatto George Washington Carver invented peanut butter is false. The truth is that early civilizations often crushed peanuts into paste and Civil War soldiers ate “peanut porridge.” As far as modern peanut butter is concerned, a St. Louis physician encouraged a food company owner to produce and sell peanut butter in 1890 to individuals who had difficulty chewing food. The physician had experimented with grinding peanuts and recognized peanut paste to be highly nutritious. Bayle, the owner of the food company, sold peanut butter for 6 cents per pound. Additionally, the first patent for peanut butter was obtained by John Harvey Kellogg, another physician experimenting with sources of protein for his patients. George Washington Carver didn’t even begin his “peanut research” until 1903. Most of the so-called black inventors are mulattos like George Washington Carver, and do not deserve to be called black anyway.
Lies such as these are harmful not only to whites, but to blacks as well. Black children are armed with such flimsy lies which are easily torn down, and white children are taught to appreciate so-called “black culture” as being better than “white culture.” White children are no longer allowed to be proud of their heritage, which is full of white men and women who have built nations, constructed civilizations, and who have contributed to a full history of art and science.
While many of the claims stated above are almost comedic in their absurdity, it is no laughing matter when lies such as these are spread. Some promoters of so-called “black inventions” go so far as to claim that blacks created, among other things, civilization, chess, medicine, paper and the alphabet. Liars use the fact that early white civilizations created some of these things on the continent of Africa. Thus, they state that “Africans” invented all of these. While the geological identification may be correct in some instances, the race is certainly not. It is a well-known fact of history that Egyptians, Romans, Greeks, and so on were white people who created their respective civilizations. Cleopatra was not black, and neither was
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Marc Antony. Both were very clearly white people who bore no resemblance to the blacks or mongrels we see in America today. Alexander the Great was a white man, though he may have visited the continent of Africa. The builders of the pyramids were certainly not kin to the mud-hut builders of the desert. Socrates, Hippocrates, Plato, and so on were also certainly not blacks. Even Ethiopia was once a nation of white people, ruled by white kings and queens, until only recently when the blacks took over. These are all facts of history and easily verifiable, especially when one has the ability to read the historians of the time, who were, once again, also white. Unfortunately, most of these great nations toppled in the wake of the plague of mongrelization, a story which has been repeated in every great nation founded by white men throughout history.
All of these attempts to change history and discredit white culture are merely the beginning when it comes to the deviousness of the mongrel mind. Martin Bernal of Cornell University attempted to rewrite history over a decade ago with his books: Black Athena The Afroasiatic Roots of Classical Civilization 1: The Fabrication of Ancient Greece 1785-1985 (London: Free Association Books, and New Brunswick: Rutgers University: 1987) and Black Athena 2: The Archaeological and Documentary Evidence (London, Free Association Books; New Brunswick: Rutgers University: 1991).
Bernal’s works attempted to credit black Africans with the creation of the Greek Civilization and therefore western civilization in general. The works were easily refuted by leading Classicists and experts, yet Bernal’s “work” continues to gamer unwarranted attention. Bernal’s work consists of trying to prove an Egyptian-Phoenician influence on Greek Classical culture. Even if his interpretation of history were correct, which it is not, it is certainly not correct to state that the ancient Egyptian and Phoenician civilizations were created by Negroes. Bernal’s books are simply extensions of an earlier work and an on-gong attempt to change the truth of history. In 1954, George G.M. James published a book entitled Stolen Legacy, which offers no proof for his claims of African influence on Greek philosophy. In one argument, he states:
“[The Greeks] did not possess the native ability essential to the development of philosophy ... the Greeks were not the authors of Greek philosophy, but the Black people of North Africa, the Egyptians.’*
Again, his claims that the Hellenists stole their philosophical ideas from the Africans are unfounded. Even more unfounded, however, is that the “Black people of North Africa’* were the same creators of the Egyptian civilization. The builders of the pyramids and Egyptian rulers were most certainly white. Even Cleopatra was a Macedonian Greek, whose family went to extreme lengths to preserve their Greek racial line, even to the point of incest.
Two other works have been written refuting Bernal’s claims. The first. Not Out of Africa by Maiy R. Lefkowitz easily discredits Block Athena. More recently. Black Athena Revisited, Edited by Maiy R. Lefkowitz and Guy MacLean Rogers, offers over 500 pages of proof written by numerous scholars against “Afrocentrist" claims of the black creation of civilization. One popular claim is that Aristotle and Alexander raided the library at Alexandria (which is in Egypt) and that was where they stole their ideas from the Egyptian civilization and that Aristotle was black. This, of course, is utterly ridiculous for several reasons. First of all, the library at Alexandria was not built until at least 25 years after Aristotle’s death. Secondly, this library was assembled by a Greek student of Aristotle, Demetrius, and contained books written almost entirely in Greek«j£h^ti§^t&	Alexandria, though
locateiJnmeans an “Egyp-tian”	was	tneNi^fng	center	of	the
Ptolemies, the MacedoniahrGreek family of which Clecflgjr^ jraggjft member. It was even designed by a Greek architect. The name of the citjrwas, of course, taken from the Greek ruler,	Even the	colony
of white Judeans living in Alexandria, which numbered over 1,000,000, were a Greekspeaking people, as recorded in Philo. The Bible says, “No lie is of the truth ... “no liar has eternal life” and “the lake of fire was created for all liars and all who help make a lie.”
Please address donations/enquiries/letters to:
NFP, P.O. Box 705, Dandridge, TN 37725