"And you will know the truth, and truth will set you free” (Jesus Christ, John 8:32). November, 2001	www.nationalistfreepress.com	Vol.	I,	No.	11
The War on Freedom
by Pastor V.S. HerreU.
The results of a survey recently conducted in Pakistan clearly show that the people of Pakistan are not nearly as stupid as Americans. On October 14, hindustan-times.com announced these statistics: 48% of Pakistanis say that Israel was behind the World Trade Center event, 25% believe the US was behind it. This gives a combined total of 73% that know the Jews were responsible - when you understand that the United States IS Israel.
Why would anyone believe the United States is Israel? One of Ariel Sharon’s latest comments certainly sums it up. IAP News, on October 3, quoted Sharon as stating: “I want to tell you something veiy clear, don’t worry about American pressure on Israel, we, the Jewish people control America, and the Americans know it.”
Of course, this is not new information to faithful readers of the iVFP, but the above statement simply goes to show how brazen the Jews are becoming since September 11. The attack on the World Trade Center just demonstrated the extent to which the Jews in Israel are controlling America.
Since that day, we have been in the most recent battle of an old war - the war on free-
Also in this issue..	•
The Real Bioterrorist Threat	5
Changing the Face of Truth	8
Jews Plan to do Away with Red Cross	11
Three Things You Should Know ...	11
Your Tax Dollars Lost In Space	12
dom. Contrary to popular belief, Osama bin Laden and other Arab Muslims did not start this war on freedom - the true instigators are the Jews and their fellow-travelers. George Bush and the American media are calling their most recent actions a War on Terrorism, but in truth it is a War on our Freedom. Thanks to the media game being played by George Bush and the Jews in Israel, Ameri-
Continued on page 2...
Jews Terrorize Palestinians
by Joseph Wallace
On October 17, 2001, Rehavam Zeevi, Israel’s tourism minister, was assassinated. Now claiming responsibility, a group called the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine stated that the Jew was killed as revenge for the assassination of Mustafa Zibri, a Popular Front leader killed by an Israeli missile attack. The Jew who was killed had a history of referring to Palestinians as “lice” and “cancer.” Zeevi had even stated he was resigning because Ariel Sharon was not aggressive enough in his military measures against the Palestinians; he also advocated the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians, in other words, the removal of 4 million Arabs from Israel, as well as demolishing the Muslim homes in Beit Jala.
The Israelis had recently increased their murderous activities, and had specifically targeted at least 50 Palestinians in a manner similar to that of Mustafa Zibri, assassinating them in missile attacks which have also killed bystanders. Yet, this is the first time that an Israeli cabinet member has been
Continued on page 10...
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and not necessarily of the NFP or its editors.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
The War on Freedom coni... cans are one step closer to losing the rights guaranteed them by the laws of this country. What is worse, many Americans are welcoming these infringements on our freedoms. While the Jews are promoting flag-waving patriotism, the rights supposedly represented by those flags are systematically being eroded.
The Fourth Amendment to the Constitution clearly states:
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.
This basic right is well-known to Americans. Yet, the right to be free from unlawful searches and seizures is being taken away with the creation of the police state called America. Police officers, security guards, and other so-called “officials” are being posted outside gathering places in America, conducting illegal searches of individual’s persons, bags, and so on. Many Americans simply pass through the lines without so much as questioning the unlawful searching of their personal effects. Carrying a pocket knife is soon to become a capital offense. Police officers have no right to search law-abiding citizens without just cause. Unfortunately, the basic right of property may soon be dismantled as Americans submit to becoming casualties of the so-called "War on Terrorism.”
Most frightening of all is this news report from the Associated Press:
“The House approved legislation Wednesday (October 24, 20011 to give police new search powers in response to last month’s terrorist attacks, including the ability to secretly search homes, tap all of a person's telephone conversation and track people's use of the Internet.
The bill in question, called the “PATRIOT Act”, was signed into law by George Bush. Sounds like the Bill of Rights really is a dead document. What happened to presenting the person to be searched with a warrant specifically describing what is to be searched, what they are looking for, and what is to be seized? Furthermore, the finding of probable cause involves bringing witnesses. The right of facing the witnesses against you is guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment. If you are secretly searched, how are you to face the witnesses against you? The bill, presented to the House by Sensenbrenner and Conyers, expanded the ability of the CIA to monitor any person suspected of terrorist activities. No longer is the CIA restricted to international activities. That makes the United States an official police state.
We have already, for a long time, been misusing the FBI in foreign countries. Now, the act expands the reach of the FBI and other federal agencies, who may obtain certain information, private information, without notification. The act expanded search capabilities to include all electronic communications, including the Internet.
While the Bill of Rights clearly states that probable cause must be met in order for a warrant to be issued, this law bypasses that safeguard. Now, the FBI can use their secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to obtain a warrant for search, in America. This “secret” court consists of seven men who grant “secret” warrants for search and seizure. No warrant request by the FBI has ever been turned down by this secret court. Furthermore, this secret court does not require the requestor to meet probable cause. Warrants can be granted based solely on one agent’s suspicion.
The act also calls for the revision of foreign agency powers. The CIA, once only allowed to operate in a foreign capacity, has new powers on American soil thanks to an expansion of their capabilities. Even the American Civil Liberties Union is decrying the language of the act, which is so broad as to place ordinary Americans at risk for unlawful search and seizure. As one news article states. “The American Civil Liberties Union says that definition (of domestic ter-
www.nationalistfreepress.com
3
rorism] is so broad it could cover political dissent by activists involved in protests against world trade, animal rights or environmental concerns if police conclude their activities endanger human lives.”
Also, thanks to this new law, signed by George Bush on Friday, October 26, the FBI can use “secret” warrants to conduct searches, and they have no duty to disclose that which was seized. This, of course, is in direct violation of the Bill of Rights. Again, no probable cause has to be given in these instances.
The act also gives the FBI the ability to secretly retrieve financial, medical, student, and credit records of any individual suspected to be involved in terrorist activities -remember that the definition of terrorism is so broad as to include any American who has a grievance they wish the government to address. Already, the television commentator Arthur Kent has included white “Christian patriots” as part of his definition of terrorists. Individuals who may have “harbored” or “provided support” to a suspected terrorist are also at risk for investigation by federal agencies.
In the past, bank deposits of $10,000 or more were reported to the Treasury Department only. Such deposits are now to be reported to federal agencies such as the FBI and CIA, as well as any “suspicious” deposits. While the FBI may be the one to obtain the information, the act allows for information-sharing among government agencies without notification of the accused or investigated and without permission from the courts.
The Fifth Amendment states:
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.
The first thing that should be on the reader’s mind is the recent treatment of Osama bin Laden. Before the smoke cleared, so to speak, bin Laden was already guilty in the minds of most Americans, and George Bush was only too happy to pursue him, thanks to Jew media conviction. All this in spite of the fact that bin Laden publicly denies any connection to the attacks. Now, this once sovereign nation of America is invading another country, bombing that country, maliciously killing women and children, using the only excuse that bin Laden is living there. Where is the evidence? Has bin Laden been indicted? The country of America is now openly planning to assassinate bin Laden at the first available opportunity.
The nation of Afghanistan is under attack by American forces, all because the Taliban asked for the American-English coalition to provide proof of bin Laden’s guilt. The Taliban, the ruling assemblage of Afghanistan, simply asked for evidence against bin Laden. In short, the Taliban asked America to follow its own laws and provide an indictment against bin Laden based on evidence that he was, in fact, responsible for the attacks on the World Trade Center Towers on September 11. No such evidence was provided. Now, America is depriving or striving to deprive not only bin Laden, but the whole nation of Afghanistan, of its life, liberty, and possessions. George Bush is violating this amendment with the full support of the American people. Perhaps these injustices will be remembered when the federal government deprives an American citizen of his or her rights under the guise of “fighting for freedom.” There is no doubt that due process of the law has not been served in this situation. Now, with the new so-called “PATRIOT Act,” American citizens are sure to come under even greater injustices created by their own government.
The Sixth Amendment states:
In all criminal prosecutions, the
4
accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be x informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defense.
The language of this amendment speaks for itself. None of these guidelines have been followed. There has been no public trial by an impartial jury of the state. Americans are fond of the phrase “innocent until proven guilty.” With activities of the news media, this phrase can sometimes be turned around to state “guilty until proven innocent.” Neither of these apply to bin Laden - he was simply pronounced guilty by a lynch mob.
What if an American citizen was accused of committing an act of terrorism in another country, let’s say, Canada, for example? What if the American government was only too willing to turn over their own citizen to an angry lynch mob of Canadians, who had already convicted the person with no evidence? I would hope that Americans would cry for patience and prudence. I would hope that America would demand proof before turning over one of their own. (With the situation the way it is, we may never know what America’s reaction would be. We may only state what it should be.)
Let’s imagine that America refused to turn over one of its own without sufficient evidence and Canada then invaded America and began a bombing campaign, all the while claiming that they were doing so to fight for freedom, not only in their own nation, but around the world - freedom from terrorism. Sounds a little ridiculous, doesn’t it? Perhaps Afghanistan is not our enemy. Perhaps the enemy is within. We should also inform Americans that these bombing raids are not hurting just bin Laden - the United Nations announced that the US bombs have struck at least a mosque and civilian villages and homes.
Nationalist Free Press
The Seventh Amendment reads:
In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any Court of the United States, than according to the rules of common law.
Again, it is obvious that the right of trial by jury has not been preserved in this land. In 1942, President Roosevelt created a secret military commission which convicted and executed eight EngHsh-speaking Germans who were supposedly on American soil to “blow up factories, bridges, railroads,” etc. Because of the secret nature and the bypassing of the usual laws, these men were executed with little or no proof of their intent. There is no evidence that they had committed one act of so-called “terror.” They were simply Germans on American soil - accused by one of their own. Were they truly innocent? Were they deserving of execution? Probably not. Yet, because justice was bypassed, we Americans will never know the full truth.
George Bush may call on this precedent for the purpose of executing bin Laden in a similar manner. The Supreme Court at the time upheld Roosevelt's activities, stating, “[an enemy] who without uniform comes secretly through the lines for the purpose of waging war by destruction of life or property” was subject to military trial, not civil, and not “entitled to the status of prisoners of war.” Now, America is at war. What if, in the future, an American citizen is accused of an act similar to the bombing of the Oklahoma Federal Building or the destruction of the World Trade Center? Will the government use the “War on Terrorism” and illegal acts such as those committed by Roosevelt during World War II to bypass the very laws designed to protect us and our freedoms from tyrants? By-passing those laws is now easier than ever with the “PATRIOT Act,” which gives “secret” commissions the right to grant warrants to “secret” agents who then “secretly” search your private property. How will true evidence be presented, and how will
www.nationalistfreepress.com
www.nationalistfreepress.com
5
we have the right to confront our accusers? These laws are designed to protect the innocent, but without the normal disclosure of facts, innocent Americans may very well be executed because the right of due process was taken away by a police state. This is especially true when we hear the news media lumping so-called “right wing extremists” or “Christian patriots” in the same category as known terrorists.
Now, the Jews are trying to make it illegal to be “extreme,” which is their vocabulary for fighting against the Jewish onslaught of immorality or their antichrist activities. It is not a crime to have a grievance against the government, especially when your government has been usurped by criminals. This is guaranteed by the First Amendment, which forbids Congress from “abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.”
The Eighth Amendment states:
Excessive bail shall not be required,
nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel
and unusual punishments inflicted.
Bombing a foreign nation in order to flush out one man, especially when no evidence has been provided for that man’s guilt, is not only excessive, but unusual.
America’s terrorism against Afghanistan can only be compared to the Jews tyranny of the Palestinians. Coincidentally, the Jews in Israel is now using the same rhetoric to enhance their operations against Palestinians, and are moving one step closer to eradication of the Arab people in Israel. It comes as no surprise to us that the Jews are using this situation, which they created, to move themselves just a little bit closer to world domination. Now that the Jews have stirred-up white Americans to become flag-waving patriots and possible cannon-fodder for their maniacal Zionist goals, they will proceed with even more heinous activities unchecked. We cannot allow such injustices to go unexposed. White Americans must awake to the hypocrisy of the Jews and the destruction of freedom in America. They
must remember Menachem Begin bombing the King David Hotel and killing British soldiers and their families. They must remember Roosevelt knowing about Pearl Harbor; and President Johnson starting the Vietnamese conflict at the Tonkin Gulf. Most important, white Americans must think for themselves or be enslaved by tyrants. We have more to fear from tyrants than terrorism.
The Real Bioterrorist Threat
by VS. Herrell
Recently, it was announced that the strain of anthrax mailed to Florida, NBC and Tom Daschle came from either an American laboratory or a British laboratory. According to reports, the strain, called “Ames”, was originally produced by American bioterrorist establishments, which were supposedly abolished in 1969, although certain strains were kept in storage. This same strain of anthrax was later acquired by Great Britain’s Porton Down bio-defense establishment. Also newly released is information that initial reports that the sophistication of the particular culture could only be masterminded by wealthy and well-informed terrorists are untrue. We are now told that Project Bacchus of the US Department of Defense revealed that machines readily available in America could easily mill the bacterial spores to the size required to optimize inhalation and infection, and that bioterrorist establishments have published books regarding proper culture and creation of inhalation anthrax.
Anthrax, in fact, is readily available, and someone who does their research can easily mass produce and distribute it in the manner in which they have done. One of the places where anthrax is readily available is Russia, which admittedly had one of the largest bioterrorism systems in the world, and was especially famous for its weapons-grade anthrax, which was easily produced, stored, and distributed. Approximately 20 people die in Russia every year from natural outbreaks of the disease. There are several large cow
6
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
cemeteries in Russia where infected cows are buried and which are potential sources of the bacteria. Anthrax is also available in America in a similar way. Additionally, we are told that the strain released in American post offices might simply be similar to the Ames strain, meaning that the bacterial spores could have come from anywhere.
Cow cemeteries are a potential source for a ready supply of the bacteria, as spores can survive for up to fifty years. Another highly likely source could come from Russian labs, wherein employees eager to make a buck could supply buyers with even the weapons-grade anthrax that Russia produced during the Cold War. It would have been veiy easy for one Jew in Russia to supply one Jew in Israel with a supply, for example. Also interesting is the fact that anthrax is not contagious. The inhaled form is highly lethal, but not distributed from person to person. Thus, you would have to come intact with the bacteria directly. Furthermore, antibiotics are effective, but only when taken before symptoms. In other words, you would have to know about the attack and then distribute antibiotics to those in the vicinity. Furthermore, there is a vaccine in limited supply.
Let’s create a scenario. Take a football stadium in America. On any given Sunday, some stadiums have up to 100,000 people, all packed in very close to one another. A terrorist somehow delivers anthrax spores into the air in the stadium, and all 100,000 have been exposed. The incubation period of anthrax is 1-6 days. Thus, it could be almost a week before anyone even shows any symptoms, and by then it would be too late to track down everyone who attended that football game and protect them with antibiotics, as many of the people who attend football games are from different parts of the country. The illness is short, lasting 3-5 days, and is usually lethal. Thus, one terrorist with the will and enough anthrax could potentially kill 100,000 Americans. What if he had friends, and they decided to simultaneously release anthrax into 5 stadiums? They could easily take out 500,000 Americans in one fell swoop.
Thus, anthrax is a potentially lethal bioterrorism weapon. It is readily available, easy
to supply, and theoretically easy to distribute into the air with a bomb, for example. However, it is not spread from person to person, which could potentially limit its effectiveness. As for protecting yourself, the best thing to do is to avoid such densely populated areas where a terrorist would expect the highest yield from his attack. Many have bought gas masks, particularly Israeli masks which are generally inexpensive (but still make someone rich). However, in order to be effective you would have to know in advance that there was going to be an attack so you could put the mask on, and once anthrax is released, it can survive in soil for fifty years. So how long do you plan on wearing that mask?
Let us for a moment examine another more real and more deadly threat in the bioterrorist category. We are primarily talking about smallpox. Supposedly, smallpox, a virus, has been eradicated, with only small samples remaining in two places, a lab in America and a lab in Russia. The Russians are also rumored to have created a weapons-grade strain. (Again, the Russia connection.) Yet, security leaks could easily have resulted in the virus being sold to other countries with a bioterrorist program (let’s say Israel, for example). There is no cure for the disease. All we can do is provide comfort measures for the infected individuals in the hopes they will survive. Finally, smallpox is highly contagious. It is spread from person to person, usually in the 7-17 day period before symptoms begin. Thus, it could be a week before it is even known that there was an attack, and by then 20 million could be infected, especially now when Americans are living closer together than ever before, providing the perfect environment for spreading the disease.
Furthermore, because no one has been infected with smallpox for so long, there is probably no one with natural immunity. And because vaccinations were stopped in the 1970*s, no one under the age of 30 has been vaccinated (save a few individuals who work closely with the virus and could be infected). And those older individuals who did receive the vaccine could potentially be susceptible due to the fact that they have not been revaccinated or ^boosted.” There is a vaccine, but
Nationalist Free Press
www.nationalistfreepress.com
7
the small stockpile is hardly adequate and has been in storage since they quit making the vaccine available to the public in the early 1980’s. Thus, there is a question regarding its effectiveness. Again, you would have to know there was an attack to vaccinate individuals in time.
Let’s take our football stadium again. Suppose someone released smallpox into a football stadium with 100,000 fans. Then, these people travel home and expose everyone they are travelling with, either on plane, bus, train, or even when they stop at a restaurant. Then, when they arrive home, they infect their friends and their families, who then go out to spread it even further. The list is endless because smallpox is spread person to person. Even more frightening is that the incubation period of smallpox is 7-17 days, the average being 12. Thus it could be 1-2 weeks before we even know there was an attack, and by then it has spread even further. Furthermore, there is no cure for smallpox - all we can do is provide “palliative” care to individuals and hope they survive. The duration of the illness is 4 weeks, meaning that we could potentially have millions of infected individuals strapping our medical system, and when individuals die, there will be hundreds of thousands of new orphans, single parents, etc. Like we said, there is a vaccine, but it is unavailable to the public, and the small stockpile that is available would only be effective as prevention if it even works. The country is now considering reviving the smallpox vaccination program.
Thus, while anthrax is a very real threat, there is an even greater threat from smallpox and other bioterrorist creations that we may not even be aware of. Something as common as the influenza virus could be made stronger and more lethal and could potentially create a situation similar to that of the black plague, which destroyed at least one-third of the European population and changed the economics and political systems of that land forever. Even the pneumonic plague could potentially be used as a bioterrorist weapon. It is also highly contagious and is usually fatal unless treated aggressively within 12-24 hours. There is no vaccine. In 1994, there was a small outbreak of the pneumonic
plague which quickly infected thousands and killed dozens in India. In fact, the bioterrorist weapons which are highly contagious are pneumonic plague and smallpox, and the persistence of all three organisms - anthrax, pneumonic plague, and smallpox is very high. The lethality of all three diseases is also very high.
The difference between Europe 500 years ago and the world today is that everyone in the world is living closer together, thus creating the perfect environment for spreading contagious, deadly diseases, especially in the wake of a terrorist attack. Historically, the Jews were responsible for spreading the black plague - Jewish traders carried the disease from the south to the highly susceptible white European population. The bacteria that caused the black plague is still naturally occurring, and in fact, several people die yearly from the disease, even in America. While the Jews deny responsibility, of course, claiming that prejudiced and suspicious whites blamed the disease on them, the truth remains that they were responsible.
Whose to say that the mongrelized Jews aren’t bringing an even worse black death to Americans? Our land is already mongrelized. Now we are facing the threat of bioterrorist attacks and a war with the entire Muslim world thanks to the Jews. Additionally, the nation of China, with its population of greater than one billion, could easily send in 1.2 million soldiers a month and overwhelm us with sheer numbers. This of course is in addition to the other nation with one billion members - India. The Muslim population, though spread around in different nations, also number greater than 1 billion. One apparatus that has been historically responsible for spreading disease is the military. The 1918 influenza epidemic, which was devastating to the population, primarily had its beginning in the soldier camps of WWI and spread like wildfire, and was then carried to all different parts of the world. Now, with the very real bioterrorist threat, the threat of another world war, and the creation of “weapons grade” microorganisms designed to be used in bioterrorist attacks, the perfect environment is being created for a worldwide
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
epidemic. Hopefully, white Americans won’t wait until after the fact to blame the real culprit - the Zionist Jews and their desire for world domination.
Changing the Face of Truth
by Perry Kiraly
In July of 1996, near Kennewick, Washington State, an inadvertent discovery of a human skull and partially fragmented skeleton scattered along a shallow bank of the Columbia River was made by two college students. This was a discovery which would subsequently turn popularly held historical beliefs upside down. The result was intervention, corruption and controversy involving the U.S. Federal courts, the U.S. Government, and the scientific community.
The first to examine the bones were the county coroner and forensic archeologist, James Chatters, who was called in by the coroner for his expertise *and assistance. Together they assembled the bones.
Once they were assembled, Chatters immediately recognized the skeletal structure to be that of a Caucasian male. He was quoted as commenting, “He looked immediately like a white European settler, except for the prehistoric stone spearhead embedded in his hip."
Radio carbon dating put the age of the skeleton, called Kennewick Man, between 9,320 and 9,510 years old. Facial reconstruction revealed Kennewick Man to look remarkably similar to the British actor Patrick Stewart, who is probably best known for his role in the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation as Captain Pecard.
According to Mr. Chatters, Kennewick Man “is one of the oldest human skeletons ever found in North America, a scientific treasure." The find was “terribly significant" said Doug Owsley of the Smithsonian Institute.
But this find did not fit the popular historical teachings concerning the mongreled American Indians, not to mention it threatened their “sovereign nation" status, which allows them to have lucrative dope and prostitution-filled casinos on reservations. It also threatened their sympathy game and ability
to create white man guilt trips. If the white man traversed and lived in this country long before the so called “Indian", everything would change!
Damage control by the Jewish powers-that-be was initiated, and quickly. One of the biggest money games in town was about to be exposed, not including the so-called Holocaust of World War II, of course.
The first of these damage control measures was taken by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Since control of the area where Kennewick Man was discovered was in the hands of the Corps, they made it clear that their intention was to turn the bones over for burial to the Umatilla “Indian" tribe, so-called “descendents" of which resided in the area.
But this attempt to succinctly get rid of the evidence was thwarted by anthropology scientist Doug Owsley, mentioned earlier in this article. Owsley filed a lawsuit to prevent the bones from being foolishly handed over to the Umatilla beasts. A federal judge thereafter ordered the bones locked up in a vault.
The skeleton was now under lock and key, but the Jews were fearful of the possibility of further finds, so the next step of damage control was taken. Acting on orders from the Clinton Administration and over the legitimate objections of Congress and the scientists, the Corps of Engineers buried the archeological site under more than five hundred tons of rock, literally covering up the truth and making further scientific inquiry and investigation a near impossibility. The Jews in control simply could not allow the truth of science to yet again disprove their theories of the equality of all mankind. This precious archaeological site was covered-up under the ridiculous guise of “acute erosion danger".
But it wasn’t quite that easy. Too many facts had already slipped out to the public and the Kennewick Man controversy would not go away. Frantic at the thought of more facts being revealed in the future, the Jews took these injustices even further.
In March of 1998, pieces of Kennewick Man’s femur bones mysteriously disappeared, bones that are extremely valuable in accessing stature, size, age and ancestry.
A subsequent FBI investigation was initiated with the forensic archeologist James Chatters as its target. The government tried to intimidate Mr. Chatters in order to dis-
www.nationalistfreepress.com
9
suade him from pursuing the matter.
In June of 2001, the bones mysteriously reappeared in the Benton County Sheriffs Office, supposedly found by a detective cleaning out an evidence vault. Meanwhile, by the year 2000, five “Indian” tribes had been stirred up to demand that the bones be given to them because they were claiming that Kennewick Man was their ancestor! All five of them? U.S. Interior Secretary Bruce Babbit, one of the likely instigators, said that the remains were “culturally affiliated” with the five tribes because the bones were found near the tribes alleged aboriginal lands.
Five packs of mongrels, five hundred tons of rock, the FBI and the U.S. Department of Interior were not enough to silence the truth. The bones of Kennewick Man, though some nine thousand years old, demanded that the truth be told. With unsuccessful cover-up attempts, the mongrels and mongrelized-minded men in power had to reassess their strategy, and reassess they did. Getting rid of the bones at this juncture would obviously be an admission of Kennewick Man’s white ancestry. Also, this would prove to be difficult with the federal courts and scientific community involved. There were eight prominent anthropologists by this time who had lawsuits pending to do additional research on the bones. So the rotten Jews concocted a devious plan and decided to call in their own so-called “experts”, otherwise known as spin doctors, to change Kennewick Man’s ancestry, to transform reality, to literally change the face of truth.
The U.S. Interior Department paid off a “specially selected” group of professors to study the bones. Low and behold - what a surprise - guess what they “concluded”? They “found” that Kennewick Man “appeared to be most strongly connected to the people of Polynesia and Southern Asia”.
DNA could of course prove the invalidity of this claim, so this would have to be taken care of as well. Pieces of the skeleton were sent to three “specially selected” laboratories, but none of them were able to extract DNA for analysis. Well, shucks, imagine that. We are just supposed to think that by being 9,000 plus, that it was just too old to test.
Seems a little remarkable considering that in 1997 the Max Planck Anthropological Institute in Germany isolated the DNA of a Neanderthal that was estimated to be between 35,000 and 100,000 years old.
Given their expertise in the field, why not give these guys a crack at it? Not to mention that the headlines back in October of 2000 announced that researchers had revived a 250 million year old bacteria and managed to extract DNA for testing which indicated that the prehistoric germ was related to the present day bacillus! But Kennewick Man’s bones, some eighty percent intact - no DNA could possibly be extracted in any way.
With their stratagem seemingly starting to work, the only thing left for the Jews to “manage” was to change that pesky facial reconstruction done by archeologist Chatters and the art instructor at Columbia Basin College, Tom McClelland, which depicted Kennewick Man’s obvious Caucasian features. So, using the latest computer imaging technology, the facial characteristics of Kennewick Man were manipulated until a politically correct image was achieved.
The representation of this electronically produced mongrel made its debut when it appeared in the December 2000 issue of the National Geographic magazine, along with a lengthy and theoretical article on the significance of certain archeological finds. Facial reconstruction such as this can in no way change the race of that skeleton, but the deception was complete. The face of Kennewick Man was altered to fit the agenda and subterfuge perpetrated by those who constantly seek to mutate the image of the entire world and reality itself into facets of their own twisted imagination, the mirages of the aberrant mongrel Jew.
As of August, 2001, when information for this treatise was compiled, the bones of Kennewick Man remain locked up tight at the Burke Museum in Seattle; the lawsuits that would permit any real scientific examination of the bones are still pending.
As a postscript to this article, I am compelled to address and urge my white racial kinsmen to become aware of and realize that our history, heritage, culture, and race sire in eminent danger of not only being corrupted and adulterated, but destroyed and made extinct. Kennewick Man is just a single example, only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the magnitude of the diabolical plotting that is poised against us by the sty-gianistic, infernal Jews. It is almost unfathomable the great lengths to which the Jewish-controlled government and various other agencies have gone to cover-up the
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
identity of one of our white ancestors.
Friend, you must realize that the mentality bent on the complete obliteration of our people is in a full-scale destruct mode. It will not stop until every single white man and woman is eradicated from the face of the earth, or until this mentality itself is eradicated. With these lines clearly drawn, this is where we stand, and we do not have the leisure to make any mistake about it. We cannot afford apathy, because apathy, along with selfishness and vanity, are the things that have put us in this precarious situation. I*m going to give you the bottom line. The only chance that we have for survival as a race is to separate ourselves and practice the laws of preservation which were written in our hearts by the Creator Himself and expressed through His Word.
When the European settlers came over to this continent, what did they encounter? Savage mongrels. Take a cue from Kennewick Man, who was here long before them. His ancient bones cry out to us from the grave - their message: Separate, Preserve and Fight for your existence, White Man, otherwise you will cease to exist. Act on these words and live.
Bibliography The Appeal Democrat, newspaper of Marys-ville-Yuba City California:
“5 Tribes to get Kennewick Man.” September 26, 2000;
“Scientists, Tribes Battle Over Bones.” September 27, 2000;
“250 Million-Year-Old Life Revived.” October 19, 2000;
“Kennewick Man Suit Reactivated.” October 26, 2000;
“Mystery of the Missing Bones May Be Solved.” June 23, 2001.
Archeology Magazine, “Battle of the Bones.” pp. 65-67. September/October, 2001.
The Barnes Review, “History You May Have Missed.” March/April, 2001.
Instauratton, “Ancient White in America.” pp.
4-5. Vol.2, No. 4: March, 1999.
The New York Times, “An Ancient Skull Challenges Long Held Theories.” Copyright 2001.
National Geographic, “Hunt for the First Americans.” pp. 41-67: December, 2000. The Spotlight, “The First American.” March 6, 2000.
The Washington Times, “Demonizing White Males.” p. 28: March 15th-21st, 1999.
Jews Terrorizes Palestinians cont....
assassinated by Palestinians. The approximately fifty Palestinians, including Mustafa Zibri, had been named as criminals and assassinated by Israeli Jews without so much as an arrest. Now, Sharon has the nerve to call all Palestinians terrorists and escalate their attacks of civilians to an even higher level.
In a manner similar to that of the United States’ treatment of Afghanistan, Israel demanded that Yasir Arafat “turn over” those responsible. If Arafat failed to “turn over” the accused, then the Jews would have no choice but to go after all Palestinians. Ariel Sharon even declared “an all-out war to the finish against the terrorists, their helpers and those who sent them.” Sharon stated that this began a “new era.” In fact, Sharon’s spokesman compared Yasir Arafat to the Taliban, Afghanistan’s ruling party, stating that Arafat sheltered terrorists. Of course, George Bush has taken Sharon’s position, condemning the assassination of the antichrist Jew as a “despicable act.” Bush’s Jewish sidekick, Ari Fleischer (the White House spokesman) stated: “It is time for the Palestinian Authority to take vigorous action against terrorists.” By this, Fleischer means Yasir Arafat should “take action” against members of the Palestinian freedom fighters struggling to reclaim their land from the Jewish usurpers.
Where was President Bush when the Israelis were assassinating Palestinian leaders and even bystanders with missiles? Why are the true terrorists not labeled as such? Here we have a definite case of “the pot calling the kettle ‘black’". Now, despite die facts that the leader of the group claiming responsibility has been arrested, along with 7 other members, by the PLO (Arafat’s party) and Arafat has condemned the attack, the Jews are using this as another flimsy excuse to continue and increase their illegal missile attacks and assassination policies. In fact, it was the initial increased assassination pressures that drove a few Palestinians to react by assassinating Zeevi.
Jumping on the bandwagon is the American Presidency, now advocating assassination of Osama bin Laden. While secret operations and assassinations by America have no doubt occurred, this is the first time in over 30 years that the nation of the United States has openly declared an intent to
Nationalist Free Press
www.nationalistfreepress.com
11
assassinate an individual. It was announced on approximately October 21 that George Bush had signed a directive in September ordering the CIA to destroy Osama bin Laden and his al Qaede organization - in short, ordering the assassination of not only bin Laden but anyone associated with him. At the same time. Bush hypocritically “condemned” Israel for assassinating Abed Rahman Hamad, supposedly responsible for organizing the bombing at a Tel Aviv disco in June. Of course, Hamad had no trial. The individual who actually bombed the disco also died in the blast, another suicide bombing. Even members of Congress are criticizing Bush and the White House for their hypocrisy.
Jews Plan To Do Away with Red Cross
Bemadine Healy, American Red Cross president, resigned Friday, October 26, 2001. Healy gave her reason for resignation as disputes with the board regarding Israel’s admission into the International Red Cross. Almost two hundred nations have membership in the International Red Cross. At a recent meeting, Healy promised that the American Red Cross would not pay membership dues to the international association until Israel was allowed official entrance into the International Red Cross.
The primary symbol of the Red Cross is of course their characteristic Red Cross flag. The organization in Israel, called the Magen David Adorn, has had unofficial membership in the Red Cross but has not been allowed voting rights. Magen David has been denied admission into the International Red Cross because they have failed to give up their own symbol, which is, of course, the so-called Star of David.
The Jews hate the cross so much that they have refused to fly this symbol in order to gain admission into the International Red Cross. Instead, they have been waging a campaign, with former American Red Cross president Healy at the helm, to change the Red Cross symbol to a red diamond, with each nation putting a respective symbol in the center. Healy stated that her decision to hold membership dues is now “up for grabs” with her resignation, and that her and members of the board had disagreements regard-
ing this. Other reports state that Healy has resigned amidst disputes over how the 1/2 billion dollars collected by the Red Cross for victims of the WTC attacks should be spent. Many state that donators have been misled, believing that all the money is to go to survivors and families of the victims. However, the American Red Cross is instead planning to use most of the money to enhance their operations, claiming this will help them “prepare for future terrorist attacks.”
The Jews have hated the Red Cross since World War II, because the Red Cross reports contradicted their so-called six million deaths in German labor camps. This would allow the Jews to do away with this most credible humanitarian organization, which is more than 100 years old.
Three Things You Should Know About September 11
by Mike Rose
Everything points to the Jews as being responsible for the WTC attacks. How convenient it was for them to have one of their CIA operatives made out to be “the boogie man”. After the big Jew media propaganda blitz, they now have every fatuous pea-brain in America running around in the streets screaming for Arab deaths like they were a bunch of insane blood-thirsty Jewraelis.
Since September 11, the Jews have, without a doubt, profited immensely in the wake of their “attack”. There is a great deal of speculation, rumors and theories floating around concerning the WTC event. For this brief FYI, let’s keep it simple and stick to the provable facts.
First, on September 10, The Washington Times carried an article written by Rowan Scarborough concerning a United States Army study, in which they admit that when the Jews strike, they can make it look like Arabs were the perpetrators. SAMS is the Army School of Advanced Military Studies. Here is the quote:
“Of the Mossad, the Israeli intelligence service, the SAMS officers say: Wildcard. Ruthless and cunning. Has capability to target U.S. forces and make it look like a Palestinian/Arab act.’”
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Secondly, on September 21, The Jewish Press out of Brooklyn, NY, boastfully carried an article entitled: “Mossad Warned U.S. Of Attack” by Avraham S. Lewin. Here is our next important quote:
“Senior Israeli security officials revealed last week that Israel’s Mossad had recently alerted American intelligence to the possibility of major terrorist attacks by Middle Eastern elements against key buildings and installations in the United States, according to a report last Thursday in the Israeli daily, Maariv ...The Italian newspaper Jfl Foglio also reported last week that Israel was the only country to warn the U.S. that Middle Eastern terrorism was about to hit the U.S.”
The third quote is taken from: 48-119CC, 1998 Hearing for U.S. Interest in the Central Asian Republics, 105th Congress, 2nd Session, February 12,	1998, http://com-
mdocs.house.gov/committees/intirel/ hfa48119.000/hfa48119_0.HTM#30:
“This is foreclosed for American companies because of U.S. sanctions legislation. The only other possible route is across Afghanistan ...From the outset, we have made it clear that construction of the pipeline we have proposed across Afghanistan could not begin until a recognized government is in its place that has the confidence of governments, lenders, and our company ...The 1,040-mile long oil pipeline would extend south through Afghanistan to an export terminal that would be constructed on the Pakistan coast. This 42-inch diameter pipeline will have a shipping capacity of one million barrels of oil per day ...Centgas cannot begin construction until an internationally recognized Afghanistan Government is in place.”
Your Tax Dollars Lost In Space
In August, Ariel “The Butcher” Sharon and the US Ambassador to Israel, Daniel Kurtzer, met with US Administrator Dan Goldin to discuss the prospect of NASA launch-
ing Israeli satellites free of charge.
Even though the country is broke, billions upon billions of our hard-earned tax funds go not to pay off the National Debt (a debt that was created by the Jews), but to support the Jewish slaughter of non-Jews in the Middle East and elsewhere. Now this is yet another slap in the face.
Zionist Goldin and his retinue agreed to help in any way that they could to promote worldwide Jewish interests, stating: “NASA and Israel would indeed continue to cooperate ...including the launch of Israeli satellites at no cost on the various space shuttles.”
It is clear, especially with the recent events at the World Trade Center, for which the Jews are entirely responsible, that the mongreled Jewish people are not only bent on destroying and enslaving North America, but the entire civilized world as well. Also, it is evident that in the Jews’ eyes this will be -at any cost.
Their bloodthirstiness seems to come without end. Is it any wonder that the Jews have been labeled as monsters, devils, vampires and parasites? If not machine guns and bombs, they have shown that they will use airplanes. If not conventional warfare, they will use psychological and economic warfare. They tax your livelihood and steal your money, the money that buys the food you eat and puts clothes on the backs of your children. Then they use it to commit more thievery, to viciously murder the helpless, and to launch their God-forsaken Jewish satellites!
Catalog/Subscriptions/Letters
The Nationalist Free Press (NFP) is published monthly. The current subscription rate is US$25.00 per year mailed to US addresses only, please write for foreign subscription rates. Also,
Plttraa	pnd	other	enqui-
ries/lmW£fo:	rm|j I
p nov 20 mpu
M,LDandridge, TN 37735
(Payment is accepted in the form of cash, check, or money order, made payable in US funds to NFP).