“And you will know the truth, and truth will set you free” (Jesus Christ, John 8:32). March, 2001	www.nationalistfreepress.com	Vol.	I,	No.	3
Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Communist Dictator
by Mike Rose
If you went to a public place and started asking people. “Who was Franklin Delano Roosevelt?”, what sort of answers do you think you would get? “Hmm, I’m not sure.” “Who?” “Ehh, the dude on the dime.” If you ran into a more informed zombie, most likely someone over the age of forty, he might say, “He was a president or the man with the New Deal.” Even the most informed you could chance to run into are in reality just as ignorant because they probably got their information from The History Channel, which is nothing but a brain-washing tool that constantly seeks to cover up the facts, distort events, muddle the issues and in fact totally rewrite what actually occurred to maintain the status quo of Jewish thought. So in quest for the answer to the question, “Who was Franklin Delano Roosevelt?”, the President with the New Deal, let’s take a look at a dark chapter in American history in order that we may discover the Read Deal. Was FDR a great hero of the twentieth century or the Red Devil? You decide.
FDR was born January 30, 1882. He became the New York State Senator in 1910. From 1913 through 1920, he was Assistant Secretary of the Navy. In 1920, he became a Vice Presidential candidate. The years 1920 and 1921 were eventful. A Senate subcommittee concluded that FDR had committed perjury before a Naval Court of Inquiry. This was in relation to his investigation of a
Also in this issue ...
Witchita, Kansas, South Africa 12 Byron De La Beckwith 12 Subscription Info/Enquiries 12
homosexual ring at the Newport, Rhode Island, Naval Station. As Assistant Secretary of the Navy, FDR had approved the use of men “undercover” [pun intended] to entrap faggots. Young sailors were instructed and ordered by FDR’s men to perform sodomy and the lewdest forms of homosexual acts imaginable.
When it became an issue to the court, he lied about it. He had signed an order for the
Continued on page 2...
Immigrants Flood The US
The U.S. Census Bureau, for what its worth, reports that over 28 million people living in America were bom outside the country. This is over 10% of the population. We have not seen figures this high since the mass migration of European and Russian Jews that began in the 1880*s. The 28.4 million is only an estimate. A more detailed description of the problem is expected in a few months. As anticipated, the West seems the hardest hit with 11.3 million Mexicanos.
Aztlan uber alles - Hal Turner: Monday, February 5, 2001, “Thousands of Mexicans living in Los Angeles are aggressively bashing the United States with illuminated LED car signs that read ‘F*** you, this is still Mexico’. This is an extension of ongoing, open hostilities by Mexicans throughout southern California against the US. Last year, on the fourth of July, Mexicans launched organized protests against the US, burning American flags in front of a Veterans Cemetery then attacking White Americans.”
While there were over 90 reports nationwide of this violence in Westwood, only one television station showed the flag burning escapade at the Veterans Cemetery, and that was LA's own Spicola Mexican language Univision. Of course, Mexicans do not limit themselves to California or the West.
Continued on page 12...
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and not necessarily of the NFP or its editors.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
FDR cont....
investigators to go all the way and absolutely take it “to the limit" Under oath, he denied that he had read what he had signed and swore that he had no idea what was in the order. What FDR stated was obviously untrue as he had personally taken charge of the case on June 11, 1919. As more facts arose, FDR more and more adamantly denied having any knowledge and stated that if he had known anything about it he would have stopped it. FDR remained arrogantly defiant as his testimony before the Naval Board of Inquiry in May, 1920, was blown to pieces. He was asked how he thought that evidence for sodomy could be obtained and his reply was “I had no idea." He was asked if he realized that the investigation of such matters very often has led to improper actions. He replied, "I never had such an idea. Never entered my head." He was also asked, “How did you think evidence could be obtained?" To this question, he replied, “I didn’t think. If I had thought I would have supposed they had someone under the bed or looking over the transom." The Senate subcommittee also found “Roosevelt’s actions displayed an utter lack of moral perspective" (See First Class Temperament Geoffrey Ward, 1989, pgs. 488-90; Eleanor Roosevelt Viking, 1992, vol. 1, pgs. 267-71).
At the time of the publication of the Senate report, FDR contracted polio. He was broken in more ways than one. It seems evident that he was financially struggling. Reportedly as a condition of running for governor in 1928, he got a filthy Jew named Raskob to pay off his quarter million dollar debt. Backed by Jews and Jewish money, he won the election and became governor of Jew York, the stronghold of the Communist Party in the United States, thanks mostly to the influx of Russian Jews and hardcore Bolsheviks. The seeds of the 1929 Depression were sown in 1928 in New York State while FDR was governor. Herbert Hoover had begun implementing Marxist programs as President of the US, and then simply passed the ball to FDR. When FDR got the hand off, he pulled his ears in and ran like hell. The same Communist Jews working with Hoover later went on to work with FDR, but that’s not to say that FDR didn’t pick up his own Jew friends.
“Roosevelt opened the offices of the government as never before to Jews. Henry Morgenthau Jr., Samuel Rosenman [the one that coined the name New Deal], Felix Frankfurter, Benjamin Cohen, David Niles, Anna Rosenberg, Sidney Hillman, and David Dubinsky were among his closest advisors in politics and government. Ftebbi Stephen Wise, the pre-eminent spokesman for American Zionism, and his daughter Justine Polier, were personal friends of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt with as much access to the White House as anyone” [America Franklin D. Roosevelt and the Holocaust William J. Vanden Heuvel). (Bracketed words are added.)
Roosevelt had served the Jews so well that they were only too glad to aid in securing his nomination to run for the presidential election.
“[T]he Jewish support for Roosevelt in 1932 was so overwhelming that it seemed almost unanimous. Fuchs, who has carefully analyzed the balloting in heavily Jewish electoral districts, points out that FDR received 84.7% of the vote in the 20 most Jewish precincts of Ward 24 of Chicago (which is over 90% Jewish). In the same precincts, 96% of the voters supported Henry Horner, the Democratic candidate for Governor, who was a Jew. In New York City, presidential candidate Roosevelt and gubernatorial candidate Herbert Lehman (Jewish) carried 92% of the two-party vote (that is to say, excluding the Jewish vote for the Socialist and Communist candidates) in the 17th Assembly District ... Jews, even those of a secular bent, saw in Roosevelt’s programs the embodiment of ideals ... which were deeply embedded in the ethical teachings of Judaism" (The Jew in American Politics, Nathaniel Weyl, 1968, Arlington House, pg. 100).
During the campaign, FDR dispatched Jonathan Horwitz’s Jewish grandson, William C. Bullitt, to become the first United States Ambassador to the USSR, during the same time that Uncle Sammy's twin brother Uncle Joe Stalin’s Communist era was
www.nationalistfreepress.com
3
resulting in the deaths of 45 million white Ukrainians and Russians. Bullitt was no stranger to the Communist oppressors in Europe. In fact, he had worked closely as a liaison officer with them years before his involvement with FDR. Bullitt had been President Wilson’s emissary to Lenin, and FDR considered him the perfect man for the task of making sure he was buddy-buddy with Stalin. Undoubtedly, William Bullitt had the qualifications that would foot the bill, but this was only the beginning of Bullitt’s instigation that would play a major role in leading up to the Second World War.
In 1933, FDR became President. He then imposed the “New Deal,” a tyrannical, pluto-| cratic. Communist program for a Jewish collectivist state. Roosevelt broke every promise he had made and did the exact opposite of what he had promised. “I propose to you that the government, big and little, be made solvent and that the example be set by the President.” Roosevelt swore to “reduce the cost of government operations twenty-five percent.” Was he lying? Oh, yes. From 1933 to 1936, government expenditures skyrocketed up 83%. He confiscated the gold and made it practically illegal for Americans to own gold, doubling the price. He took the wealth from Americans and put it into the Jews’ hands. Banks were shut down en mass and after only a few months this New Deal (or more precisely this Jew Deal) was such an utter failure that it had to be revamped in an attempt to salvage the program, and all this while the White House was being turned into a whorehouse. Roosevelt was a promiscuous man both before and after he got polio. He was preoccupied with his moral weaknesses, having affair after affair. This is only one side of the coin. On the other side you have Eleanor, the bisexual / lesbian, engaged in all manner of perverted escapades. Sort of
reminds you of a recent American President, doesn’t it?
Huey Long, an accomplished orator and statesman, had pointed out many of the fallacies of Roosevelt and the Jew Deal and many people were starting to listen. Roosevelt had become alarmed at the up and coming man who was affectionately known as Kingfish, and was terrified at the prospect of Mr. Long becoming a presidential candidate. He knew that the Jews could not control all the strings in such an election, should it in fact take place, due to Long’s immense popularity.
FDR made several indirect threats, which included threatening to have the Kingfish
killed. Long was fully aware of Roosevelt’s plans and this was part of the reason he asked for his broadcast of March 7, 1935, to be put in the Congressional Record on March 12 of that same year. In the broadcast, he stated, “It has been publicly announced that the White House orders of the Roosevelt administration have declared war on Huey Long.” Long thought that making this statement a matter of public record would be a deterrent and give him an edge of protection against FDR actually carrying out the threats.
Unfortunately, this was not the case and Roosevelt’s Jewish hit squad went to work getting the “message” to some of Long’s closest people, even personal bodyguards. The conspiracy to eliminate the up-and-coming Presidential election’s opposition came to a head on September 8, 1935, when a Jewish doctor named Carl Weiss almost botched the deal. While he did manage to shoot Long, he had used a small caliber .22, which, of course, didn’t finish the job. It seems clear now that all that was really desired was to make sure that Huey P. Long went to the hospital where another doctor was waiting to make sure Long never left the hospital. It is
4
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
interesting to note that this same tactic was later exercised on the people’s Presidential candidate George Wallace of Alabama. When one truly studies history, one cannot help but see that it is the left wing, Marxist, Communist Jews who are truly the perpetrators of violence and terrorism, while the so-called right wing has committed few violent crimes for political reasons.
The Jewish physician Authur Vidrine knew that two of Louisiana’s top surgeons were on their way from New Orleans. He knew they could easily save Huey’s life. Though underqualified in comparison to the| surgeons speedily on their way. he declared that he would have to perform emergency surgery before they had a chance to arrive. Long’s kidney had been damaged. When preparing for and performing the “operation”, Vidrine gambled that by withholding a simple blood urine test that he knew Long desperately needed, that he could claim he had tried to save the man’s life, but wasn’t aware of everything that was needed to be done when he had his victim opened up.
When the surgeons got in, they were appalled at Vidrine’s obvious and cal-| culatingly incompetent job. Thanks to Vid- I rine, who was soon to become Long’s true assassin, it was determined that the patient, who had become very weak by this time, could not survive another operation and therefore there was nothing at this point that reasonably could be done. As a result of Long being withheld and/or not receiving proper medical attention, on September 10, 1935, at 4:06 a.m. he subsequently died. Thus, this “doctor” had finished the incomplete work of the first. In retrospect and hindsight, It seems fair to speculate that the plan to eliminate Huey Long did not necessarily include the Jewish doctor Weiss to actually kill Huey Long but rather to attempt to kill him. Fortunately. Huey Long’s bodyguards reacted with
swift vengeance, shooting the Jewish doctor more than 30 times. Such a reaction was, to say the least, excessive. It is now probable that Huey’s bodyguards wanted to make sure that Weiss was killed to forever silence his part in the conspiracy. The fanatical Jew Weiss may well have been a patsy, believing that he would simply hospitalize Long, while being tried for attempted murder under a new political regime in Louisiana, or at the least, be pardoned by the Roosevelt administration.
When thinking of The Great Depression, many people know there was a stock market
crash in 1929, but unless they have done some serious research or lived through it themselves they do not realize the true gravity of the situation. They think it just happened one day and it got tough for a while, but things improved in 1930; or, they simply do not know. Perhaps they never thought much about it and really don’t care. The truth is that things did not improve in 1930 or 1931. 1929 was only the beginning of four consecutive depressions (plural) that lasted throughout the 1930*s and that were only abated by the Jewish contrived World War II. In many ways, the late 1930’s were worse than 1929. The New Deal, or shall we say Jew Deal, was a total failure. John L. Lewis, President of the United Mine Workers said in 1940, “Mr. Roosevelt made depression and unemployment a chronic fact in American life.” Grace Abbott told the DNC: ‘There is in Chicago and in a very large part of the country, more suffering than there was in 1933 when the President came to office. It is a common sight to see children salvaging food from garbage cans.” Almost unbelievably, the homosexual Winston Churchill said in 1937, ‘The Washington administration has waged so ruthless a war on private enterprise that the US ... is actually ... leading the world back into the trough of depression.”

www.nationalistfreepress.com
5
These figures were compiled by the AFL and used by John Flynn in 1955 in his report in The Freeman: “In 1932, when Roosevelt was elected, there were on relief 4,155,000 households, containing 16,620,000 persons. In 1940, eight years later, there were
4.227.000	households on relief, containing
16.908.000	persons. In this period farm employment fell off and has never recovered.”
Yes, indeed, the New Deal was nothing but the Jew Deal.
“Cohen, Frankfurter, and Brandeis were but the top echelon. Other Jews joined the New Deal apparatus. Abe Fortas was assigned to the new SEC; Mordecai Ezekiel was sent in as the Agriculture Department’s economist; Heniy Morgenthau Jr. became Secretary of the Treasury; Charles Wyzanski went to the Labor Department; Isador Lubin took over the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in effect becoming F.D.R/s economist; David Niles became the first of what is by now a line of special White House “point men” for handling minorities’ affairs; the young Joe Rauh became part of it, after serving as a law clerk first to Justice Cardozo, then to Frankfurter after his appointment to the court; and there were Bernard Baruch, David Lilienthal, and Sam Rosenman, to name a few others” [Jews and American Politics, Stephen Isaacs, 1977, Doubleday).
Following are a few of the main points that FDR wanted to force feed the American public with the Jew Deal. Let us take special note that these governing principles advocated by Roosevelt almost exactly parallel the same tyrannical governing principles advocated by the world Communist Party, backed and endorsed by world Jewry, as Communism is an arm of international Zionism.
1.	Impairment of all independent judicial powers. In plain language, the federalization of everything.
2.	Eliminate any and all parliamentary principles. This meant complete control of Congress through money, bribes, and blackmail.
3.	Strengthen and control, through Jewish Socialism, the entire economics of the
nation. This was achieved with the implementation of the Federal Reserve.
4.	Extend big Jew governmental executive powers to rule by Jewish regulations (of its own elite jews* making) in all areas of life.
5.	Wield complete power over the individual by giving him no personal rights as a citizen, thereby thwarting self-determination. This included the elimination of the Bill of Rights, especially stifling freedom of speech, the right to bear arms, freedom of religion, and freedom of the press. In other words, make any opposition, dissenting voice, or dissident a political criminal. Part of Jewish Socialism is playing the word game of phony euphemisms attached to things the Jew desires to cover-up. A political crime would no longer be called a political crime, but a hate crime, to name but one example of Jew-speak.
6.	Weaken all opposing powers whether religious, state and local governance or private enterprise. This would primarily
* be* achieved with the plutocratic principle of “anyone can be bought.” A relentless war on white man’s culture was declared by the Jews on Christian Americans from the very first day the first congregation of Jews became a reality in the United States. Jews are responsible for all anti-Christian, antiwhite culture philosophy. A few examples would include Spinoza, who advocated Humanism, and Hegel, who was embraced by the Jewish Communists. “(Engels was] in favour of the more systematic and all embracing philosophy of Hegel as expounded by the ‘Young Hegelians,’ a group of leftist intellectuals, including the theologian and historian Bruno Bauer and the anarchist Max Stirner. They accepted the Hegelian dialectic - basically that rational progress and historical change result from the conflict of opposing views, ending in a new synthesis ... As their first assault was directed against the foundations of Christianity ...” (“Engels. Friedrich”, The New Encyclopedia Britannica, Vol. 4, 15th ed., pg. 494). In plain language.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
they espoused and practiced the principle of attacking white culture by any means available to the hand of the Jew (including finance, philosophy, humor, religion, politics, etc.).
. I wonder how many of you know that the New Jew Deal was really the Old Jew Deal? If you happened to take a look up FDR’s family tree, you might run into Clinton Roosevelt, who wrote a booklet entitled Science Of Government Founded On Natural Law (Dean & Trevett, NY). What makes this work important is that this little document contains most of the New Deal/Communist Manifesto. And what makes the thing interesting is that it came out in 1841, several years before Karl Marx’s work! The truth is that both Clinton Roosevelt’s Science and Karl Marx’s Manifesto were plagiaries of yet an earlier eighteenth century collection of writings by another Jew named Adam Weishaupt.
Weishaupt died in 1830 and Clinton Roosevelt simply picked up the torch and passed it on to Marx. In 1849, Horace Greeley, the Jewphile, Jewite owner of the New York Tribune, the country’s first national newspaper, and Clinton Roosevelt gave monetary support to the Communist League in London to assist the publication of Marx’s Manifest der Kommunistichen Partei or Communist Manifesto (1848). Greeley put Marx right on the newspapers’ payroll. Other financial contributors were, of course, the English Jew Stepney and the Hegel antichrist Engels.
FDR worked directly with Earl Browder, Head Chairman of the American Communist Party, right inside the White House. “The head of the Communist Party, USA, Earl Browder, worked on political deals with FDR. The arrangements were mutually beneficial. House Rules Chairman John O’Conner told the Senate Judiciary Committee that during 1938 and 1939, when Earl Browder was a frequent guest at the White House, he helped direct a “purge” of conservative Democrats who had opposed FDR’s policies. “In fact,” the congressman acknowledged, “during the President’9 ’purge’ of 1938, Browder directed a purge operation from the White House, from which he telephoned instructions” (“The FDR Legacy: Lest We Forget,” William Hoar,
The New Americian, 1997, Vol 13, No. 13, June 23).
Merle Thorpe, a Roosevelt supporter, wrote in 1935, “We have given legislative status, either in whole or in part, to eight of the ten points of the Communist Manifesto of 1848; and, as some point out, done a better job of implementation than Russia.”
The following is a comparison of the planks of the Communist Manifesto with but a part of the administration of Roosevelt. For a list of executive agencies and descriptions of their functions see nara.gov:80/research/ all/archives.html#exec. You can find those specifically created by Roosevelt listed by the inception dates. Be aware, the beginning dates are only part of the story because there were also some changes that occurred to those that were already in place.
Point 1: Abolition of property in land and application of all rents of land to public purposes. [This was one of the first tilings Roosevelt called for, as early as his second inaugural address. He initiated several programs to help accomplish his goal, including the Federal Emergency Relief Administration.]
Point 2: A heavy progressive or graduated income tax. [FDR certainly was responsible for making this an unpleasant fact of American life by creating the Wealth Tax Act, withholding taxes, and was even pushing for a $25,000 earning limit. This made the Communist principle of the redistribution of wealth possible in the United States of America.]
Point 3: Abolition of all rights of inheritance. [Inheritance taxes, introduced in 1935, were the culmination of the graduated taxes begun earlier in 1913.]
Point 4: Confiscation of the property of all emigrants and rebels. [In 1941, Roosevelt confiscated the property of 117,000 Japanese on American soil and interred them in American concentration camps. Of course, Germans and Italians were affected as well, and none were paid any reparations for the crimes against them.]
Point 5: Centralization of credit in the banks of the state, by means of a national bank with state capital and an exclusive monopoly. [The confiscation of gold in 1933 put the wealth in the hands of the Jews. Other parts to his diabolical plan included
www.nationalistfreepress.com
7
the Gold Reserve Act (1934) and the Banking Act (1935), which further removed the wealth from the American people.]
Point 6: Centralization of the means of communication and transport in the hands of the state. [In addition to putting private air mail carriers out of business and using the Army to deliver mail in 1934, Roosevelt opened the gate to the enemy and the Jews bought out newspapers, radio and television stations. FDR also created several government agencies regulating communication and transport, including the Federal Trade Commission and put the already existing Interstate Commerce Commission on steri-ods.]
Point 7: Extension of factories and instruments of production owned by the state; the bringing into cultivation of wastelands, and the improvement of the soil generally in accordance with a common plan. [In addition to TVA, Roosevelt proposed severed other Tennessee Valley Authority like projects and almost actually passed off the Property Seizure Bill that would have allowed confiscation of all private firearms and given him essentially a dictatorship, with complete power over all business and industry. Additionally, he created more big government, Jewish programs: National Recovery Administration, the Rural Electricification Administration, Public Works of Art Project, Farm Credit Administration, etc.]
Point 8: Equal obligation of all to work. Establishment of industrial armies, especially for agriculture. [Civilian Conservation Corps, Civil Works Administration, National Industrial Recovery Act, Work Progress Administration, etc.]
Point 9: Combination of agriculture with manufacturing industries; gradual abolition of all the distinction between town and country by a more equitable distribution of the populace over the country. [Resettlement Administration, etc.]
Point 10: Free education for all children in public schools. Abolition of children’s factory labor in its present form. (Yeah, in its present form.) Combination of education with industrial production. [National Recovery Administration, among others.]
Coincidence? The U.S. Secretary of Defense, James Forrestal wrote:
“Played golf today with Joe Kennedy. I asked him about his conversations with Roosevelt and Neville Chamberlain from
1938	on. He said Chamberlain’s position in 1938 was that England had nothing with which to fight and that she could not risk going to war with Hitler. Kennedy’s view: That Hitler would have fought Russia without any later conflict with England if it had not been for Bullitt’s urging on Roosevelt in the summer of
1939	that the Germans must be faced down about Poland; neither the French nor the British would have made Poland a cause of war if it had not been for the constant needling from Washington. Bullitt, he said, kept telling Roosevelt that the Germans wouldn’t fight; Kennedy that they would, and that they would overrun Europe. Chamberlain he says, stated that America and the world Jews had forced England into the war” (The Forrestal Diaries, 1951, Viking).
The Supreme Court unanimously ruled FDR’s National Recovery Administration unconstitutional [Schechter Poultry vs US, 295 US 495 (1935)]. And again the following year the Supreme Court ruled FDR’s Agricultural Adjustment Act unconstitutional [Butler vs US, 297 US (1936)], stating that the AAA was “a central government exercising uncontrolled police power in every state of the union.” This was the ludicrous, insane program that had farmers slaughter millions of their animals and needlessly plow under their crops. Production was so drastically cut that the US had to import produce from abroad. Importing America’s major foodstuffs is a practice that today has become the norm.
While FDR’s Communist programs were helping those in the upper Jewish circles worldwide, the mass majority of the American public were suffering in abject poverty. Life in the city had become so bad that many people who could, because of ties with friends or relatives, left the cities, some literally starving, and returned to the countryside where there were potential sources of food. In the 1930’s, many people still lived and worked family farms. Great numbers of these people had no money at all; their liveli-
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
hood was from the land itself and their existence did not depend completely on the almighty dollar. If it had not been for the farmers and backwoods country folks, God only knows what would have become of those helpless victims of the FDR era of Communist rule. Today, the effects would no doubt increase a hundred fold.
The criminal mind of FDR did not stop at this point. In the mid 1930’s, Roosevelt wanted an established policy that the Russians could build armaments in the USA and vowed that if he couldn’t give direct assistance, then he was going to funnel support to his comrades through England or elsewhere in Europe. Jewish war profiteers loomed on the horizon, foaming at the mouth. In the 1940 election campaign FDR promised over and over to keep the country out of war while he was doing absolutely everything in his power to involve America in a war. The honorable Congressman Hamilton Fish gave a radio address on the NBC network on April 5, 1939, in which he stated:
“If Hitler and the Nazi government regain Memel or Danzig, taken away from Germany by the Versailles Treaty, and where the population is ninety percent German, why is it necessary to issue threats and denunciations and incite our people to war? ... We repudiated the Versailles Treaty because it was based on [Jewish] greed and hatred, and as long as its inequalities exist there are bound to be wars of liberation ... The sooner certain provisions of the Versailles Treaty are scrapped the better for the peace of the world ... I believe that if the areas that are distinctly German in population are restored to Germany, except Alsace-Lorraine and the Tyrol, there will be no war in Western Europe. There may be a war between the Nazis and the Communists, but if there is, that is not our war or that of Great Britain or France or any of the democracies ... New Deal spokesmen have stirred up war hysteria into a veritable frenzy. The New Deal propaganda machine is working overtime to prepare the minds of our people for war, who are already suffering from a bad case of war Jitters ... President Roosevelt is the number one warmonger in America, and is largely responsible for the fear that per-
vades the nation ... I accuse the Administration of instigating war propaganda and hysteria to cover up the failure and collapse of the New Deal policies, with 12 million unemployed and business confidence destroyed ... The war profiteers, munitions makers and international bankers [Jews] are all set up for our par- * ticipation in a new world war ... I believe we have far more to fear from our enemies from within [Jews] than we have from without. All the Communists [Jews] are united in urging us to go to war against Germany and Japan for the benefit of Soviet Russia” (Congressional Record Appendix, Washington, Vol. 84, Part 12, pgs. 1342-43). (Bracketed words have been added by the author.)
The Jewish community had a man they could count on and they were trying to make sort of a cult leader out of FDR. They withheld information from the public at large concerning the real FDR, things they were afraid for the people to know, because they were afraid or knew people might react negatively. A perfect example of this was how they did not want the masses to know FDR was in a wheelchair. Many people even during WW2 never knew he was a cripple. In 1944, FDR had a heart attack. The physicians told him it would kill him if he got over exerted and that he was not to work or be active over four hours a day. Almost unbelievably, it was still decided for Roosevelt to go on for a fourth term.
Now, might I take a moment to remind you that by this time the country was right in the middle of a war. In 1944, FDR spent approximately two thirds of the year either in rest, medical treatment, or travel to get medical treatment. With no commander at the helm, the Jews had free reign to do whatever they pleased [not that FDR would have made any difference, being one of them]. Nevertheless, FDR’s health was an issue that the American people had a right to know about. For many months before the election, FDR had been utterly unfit physically to fulfill the duties of his office. With millions of lives hanging in the balance, to continue on with this man as President was nothing short of irresponsible.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
9
So you tell me, How would you think a reasonable person would have felt if he knew the facts? Give them Bob Hope and a few go-go dancers and the stupid goy will never know the difference ... Germany was thirty or forty years ahead of the rest of the world technologically speaking, and the Jew coveted Germany’s achievements. FDR hated white men and he hated the concept of white civilization for any white people. No doubt Communism had suffered a loss in Germany when Chancellor Hitler was elected. Mr. Hitler stepped up to the plate and put it out of the park.
Mr. Hitler did more in two years for his people than FDR ever accomplished throughout his whole entire Jew Deal or in his whole life, for that matter. But then, Mr. Hitler was working for the German people to rid his nation of the international parasite, the Jew Communist, and to truly work on behalf of the good interests of the German people. This cannot be said of Roosevelt. According to Roosevelt’s own personal papers, this infuriated him to no end. Once, when aviation hero Charles Lindbergh came back from a visit to Germany and spread around a few compliments, Roosevelt became so enraged that he did everything he could to get Colonel Lindbergh, a national hero, stripped of his rank and thrown in jail. Roosevelt hated Lucky Lindy, and no doubt Lindy knew the truth.
“The pressure for war is high and mounting. The people are opposed to it, but the Administration seems to have ‘the bit in its teeth’ and hell-bent on its way to war. Most of the Jewish interests in the country are behind war, and they control a huge part of our press and radio and most of our motion pictures ... the international financial interests, and many others” (The Wartime Journals of Charles A. Lindbergh Charles Lindbergh, May 1,1941, Harcourt Brace, 1970, pg. 481).
All this, but when FDR spoke to his top aids concerning Russia, FDR made it clear when he said, “We can let them have almost everything they want.” And, in fact, he did, because it was FDR who set-up his friends, the red bastards in Russia, with all the supplies and information they needed to build ‘the bomb’. In this sense, he was responsible for the creation of the whole crazy Jewish
Cold War as well. (See “Hearings Regarding Shipment of Atomic Material to the Soviet Union During World War II”, Eighty-first Congress, House of Representatives, Second Session, Committee on Un-American Activities, United States Government Printing Office, Washington, 1950.) Hypocritically, the Rosenbergs, a Jewish couple who attempted to give atomic secrets to the Communists in Russia, were convicted in 1951 and executed in Sing Sing shortly thereafter after several appeals. Were these Jews chosen as martyrs to cover-up FDR’s treasonous activities? Perhaps this is a question that remains to be answered.
The Swedish explorer Sven Hedin expressed an insightful and sound perspective regarding Roosevelt’s role in initiating World War II:
“The question of the way it came to a new world war is not only to be explained because of the foundation laid by the peace treaties of 1919, or in the suppression of Germany and her allies after the First World War, or on the continuation of the ancient polities t>f Great Britain and France. The decisive push came from the other side of the Atlantic. Roosevelt speaks of democracy and destroys it incessantly. He slanders as undemocratic and un-American those who admonish him in the name of peace and the preservation of the American way of life. He talks about freedom of speech and silences those who don’t hold his opinion. He talks about freedom of religion and makes an alliance with Bolshevism. He talks about freedom from want, but cannot provide ten million of his own people with work, bread or shelter. He talks about freedom from fear of war while working for war, not only for his own people, but for the world, by inciting his country against the Axis powers when it might have united with them, and he thereby drove millions to their deaths. This war will go down in history as the war of President Roosevelt” (Amerika im Kampf der Kontinente, Brockhaus, Leipzig, 1943).
FDR wanted war, but not in just any way. He wanted to wage his war on Germany. October 8, 1941: Franklin Delano Roosevelt
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
orders US vessels to fire upon German vessels on sight. Roosevelt blatantly lied to Congress and the American public on numerous occasions to try and get them to declare war on Germany. They didn’t buy FDR’s nonsense and it only further destroyed his already shaky credibility with the public in general, and Congress as well. Remember, more than 75% of the American people were against getting involved in Roosevelt’s Communist aggression against Germany. At this point he was even more angered and purposeful in throwing the USA into war against Mr. Hilter, the man he had without provocation grown to hate so much, and ironically of whom he was incredibly envious.
The complete catastrophe at Pearl Harbor was bom through the contrivance and orchestration of Roosevelt. It was a set-up from the beginning. As WWII veterans die off one by one or become too decrepit with age to offer much resistance, the God-hating, antichrist Jews now openly admit it, boastfully, to mb it in their faces in their final remaining days. It was not an accident, it was planned. It wasn’t ignorance, it was withheld information. It wasn’t only withheld information, it was outright lies. The American crewmen were sitting ducks if you will, with precise pressure applied to the Japanese, totally orchestrated through treason to draw the public’s opinion and resulting frustration, fear, and rage to pull the country into FDR’s war. Some of us knew it was a farce all along, but with the Jew cat out of the bag, everyone knows it now, and no one can by any means deny it and retain any semblance of credibility.
It was a well known fact that FDR had affectionate and very close ties with the Jewish underground crime organizations, both in the USA and abroad.
“FDR used the very worst elements of the mob to funnel New Deal money into big cities in order to bring the political machines to their knees and ultimately control them through the Mafia. In NYC he used Jimmy Hines, associate of the notorious Dutch Schutz; in Chicago it was A1 Capone’s man Ed Kelly; it was Frank Hague in New Jersey and this pattern was repeated across the country”
(The Roosevelt Myth, John Flynn, book 2, ch 8. pt 1).
One of the major sources of Roosevelt’s envy and contempt stemmed undoubtedly from his own personal cowardice and lack of character. Many people today fail to realize that Adolf Hitler was a decorated hero in WW I. In contrast, FDR had frantically avoided any manner of confrontational or combative service, seeking only to become a pencil pusher. More and more people today are even questioning his mental stability. FDR was full of himself and at times suffered from delusions about himself, his own career, and his track record, but we must never underestimate his diabolical intelligence.
He was, however, the first American President who was unable to write his own speeches. It is no secret that FDR idolized Lenin, for it is evident that much of what Lenin wrote had a direct influence on FDR’s own private and professional life. According to Lenin, “Taxation with its offspring inflation, is the vital weapon to displace the system of free enterprise” (Vladimar Ilyich Ulyanov / Nicholai Lenin). Along this line of thinking, Roosevelt devastated Americans with his new taxation policies and subsequent inflation: “Roosevelt. ... raised the effective federal tax rate by 700% between 1932 & 1939” tDebt & Taxes, John H. Makin & Norman J. Ornstein, 1994, pg. 95). FDR even bragged about it, but to finance his war, he sent taxes up through the blue sky. The result was that many Americans experienced the first effects of a heavy tax burden.
The war brought millions of new tax payers into the system and a brand new kind of tax was introduced in 1943: the with-holding tax. Some interesting figures: In 1939,
4.000.	000 paid income tax; In 1945,
43.000.	000 paid income tax, that’s over ten times more in just six years. Before the war only 7% paid some income tax, and that figure rose dramatically to 64%. This was not only due to the war effort, because it wasn’t like these Commie Jew bastards to just let it all go after the war had ended. They were getting filthy rich off favors, both direct and indirect, shady loan deals, grants, imaginary services, choice government contracts, etc., and even the ones that were half-way legitimate were handled at several times the normal price.
The Jews shipped hundreds of thousands upon thousands of their mongrel kin over to America and set them up in every aspect of
Nationalist Free Press
www.nationalistfreepress.com
11
American life. An alien force was invading and colonizing the land, concurrently with the systematic extradition and execution of its original inhabitants. How many of you “freedom loving Americans’* realize the fact that when a ship left toward Europe to take white men to their graves, the same ship was backhauling hordes of greasy Jews to the States? You see, from the Jewish Socialist Communists’ point of view, WW II served not only for the destruction of white Germany, it served for the destruction of white America as well. The motive of the Jew is to destroy the ideological concept of family and break up the home. This is precisely what they accomplished with WW II. The freedom-loving, white men with brains and initiative were leaving their families behind and killing each other by the hundreds every day. Meanwhile, in America, the slovenly, intellectually weak, elderly and degenerate were left to become the fathers of the next generation, passive little consumer sheeple who are into any form of escapism and offer no resistance to the face of Satan himself. The women were left in the care of the degenerates and Jews, and many were turned into wage slaves and/ or liberated “free thinkers.” White women, especially in Germany, were raped and/or killed.
The best and brightest of the white population were dramatically diminished, both through German and American deaths, leaving Jews and mongrels to breed. These Jews being shipped into America brought with them the desire to steal, destroy, break down true culture, assault any form of Christianity, bankrupt independent financial engines, and establish their own industries. Through their diabolical tactics and through the almost total elimination of the young white made from American society, they were able to strengthen their control over the economic situation in America. The Communist Jews demoralized and dumbed down the average American, all while they stood on the sidelines gaining power, mustering control and making money hand over fist. That was the program implemented by FDR and his Jewish comrades, and most unfortunately the program worked. Are you beginning to see the accurate profile of the Red Devil?
The Jewish Communist programs instituted by Roosevelt gave way to and set in motion the corruption that exists in the US Government today. “Since March 9. 1933.
the United States has been in a state of declared national emergency. In fact, there are now in effect four presidential proclaimed states of national emergency: In addition to the national emergency declared by President Roosevelt in 1933, there are also the national emergency proclaimed by President Truman (on December 16, 1950, during the Korean conflict) and the states of national emergency declared by President Nixon on March 23, 1970, and August 15, 1971. These proclamations give force to 470 provisions of federal law. These hundreds of statutes delegate to the President extraordinary powers ordinarily exercised by the Congress, which effect the lives of American citizens in a host of all-encompassing manners. This vast range of powers, taken together, confer enough authority to rule the country without reference to normal Constitutional processes. Under the powers delegated by these statutes, the President may: seize property; organize and control the means of production; seize commodities; assign military forces abroad; institute martial law; seize and control all transportation and communication; regulate -the operation of private enterprise; restrict travel; and, in a plethora of particular ways, control the lives of all American citizen.” (note 1, S. Res. 9, Senate Report # 93-549, 93d Congress, First Session, Nov. 19, 1973, US Gov. Printing Office, Washington, 24-509 O).
Now if this was the state of affairs in 1973, what do you think they are today? In considering this question, it is especially important to remember that the most recent US President has signed his name to every executive order that could possibly come before him, and the American people are not even allowed to know what he has signed his name to. It almost boggles the mind trying to get a grasp on the situation. As America enters the next century, every single important office or position in the US Government is filled by a Communist Jew or directly controlled by one. FDR was a father to the corruption that exists today in. the Jewnited Communist Jew States of Jewmerica and also much of the rest of the world as well. FDR committed treason and is the biggest traitor to the American people in the country’s entire history. Yes. there are many others, but all of the major political traitors and sell outs in the past 60 years came directly out of the environment created bv FDR and
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
his Jewish accomplices. Thus the name that will live on in infamy: Franklin Delano Roosevelt / THE RED DEVIL !!!
Recommended reading: Masters of Deceit J. Edgar Hoover; The Roosevelt Myth, John T. Flynn; The Yalta Betrayal, Felix Wittmer.
Immigrants Flood the US cont....
Every major city in America now has a substantial illegal Mexican Bean immigrant population. In Chicago, for example, the total Mexican population is unknown, but what is undisputed is that their numbers exceeded one million in the 1990’s. We have even heard a report that stated that the Mexicans were threatening to push the niggers out of areas in Gary, Indiana, a traditional nigger stronghold.
Tyson chicken has established entire colonies of these disease ridden, low income, illiterate, migrant, criminal, mongrel workers for virtual slave labor in their businesses. The Catholics were claiming themselves to have above 450,000 Hispanics in North Georgia before the year 2000. However, Mexicans are not the only threat, there are still numerous Jews, niggers, Hmongs and other assorted Slits and Brownies pouring in incessantly. Keep in mind, the real numbers are higher, as anyone accustomed to following such information can testify. These are the population numbers of the foreign-born in the US in millions from 1890 to 2000:
1890 - 9.2	1950 - 10.3
1910 -13.5	1970-9.6	2000-28.4
1930 - 14.2	1990 - 19.8
Quite an alarming trend. Unless something is done immediately to curtail this beastly influx, life as we have known it in America is soon to come to a screeching halt. But, of course, that is the plan of the diabolical Jew. You have to ask yourself. Where are these stupid jews planning to go after they have destroyed this land? Back to south Russia? They have become so insane that they are not only in their usual homicidal mode, but suicidal as well, which suits me just fine, but quit killing yourself at MY expense! Special thanks to Eric Martinson for providing statistical data from his ongoing research.
Wichita, Kansas, South Africa
Mayor Bob Knight loves his niggers, but as could only be expected, the nicer he is to them, the more violent they become. Just before Christmas, quadruple homicides
occurred, only eight days apart, in Wichita, Kansas. It is evident that the mayor’s black pets are out of control. The truth is that Wichita, a once peaceful Midwest town, is experiencing a tremendous nigger crime wave and has become a virtual bloodbath with numerous rapes and 30 plus grisly murders reported in recent months. Niggers are striking out at whites randomly and at will. Whites are targeted simply because they are white. The national Jewish media has chosen to ignore all this because it is politically correct “Black on White” racial hate crimes. You can read the details of these executions on:
www. newnation .org/N N N-wichita. html www.frontpagemag.com/pi_crimes/index.htm www.msnbc.com/local/ksnw/162056.asp
Byron De La Beckwith
Byron De La Beckwith has finished his Tour of Duty. An innocent man, unjustly convicted, he has gone to his Maker, mercifully escaping his nigger tormentors in the Mississippi prison system. Mr. Beckwith was buried at Memorial Park Cemetery in Chattanooga, Tennessee, on Saturday, January 27, 2001. Pastor V.S. Herrell presided over the service attended by family and friends. Byron De La Beckwith was a true champion and the veiy definition of a true Southern Gentleman. We most dearly miss him. He was 80.
Catalog/Subscriptions/Letters
ft The Nationalist Free Press (NFP)'is published monthly. _I^e_	^spcd^p^ptibn rate is
||S|addresses only. Please	foreign	subscription rates. Also,
write fcmaicuiTent cataloanj
Please address subscnptions and other enqui-ries/letters to:	cnoPP
i * ^ NFP .	1
P.O. Box 705 Dandridge, TN 37725
{Payment is accepted in the form of cash, check, or money order, made payable in US funds to 1 NFP).
Nationalist Free Press
Catalog of Books • March, 2001
Stuka Pilot: Hans-Ulrich Rudel
Gunther Just
Read the life story of Hans-Ulrich Rudel, the greatest soldier of all time. This beautifully laid out book details the life of the “most highly decorated German soldier of World War II.” This is the story of “the Eagle of the Eastern Front,” who constantly risked his own life to save those of his race. Gunther Just, a close comrade, uses pictures and documents to bring us the story of the man who defended Germany and his own honor to the very end.
HB 280 pgs. $35.00 ________________________
The Sixth Law of God
Pastor V.S. Herrell
This new book by Pastor Herrell proves scientifically and beyond the shadow of any doubt that the commandment commonly translated “Thou shalt not commit adultery” is in fact a clear and explicit prohibition of racemixing. No book of this type has ever been written; this study combines the best Greek evidence in a concise format and also examines the internal evidence of the Bible relating to men such as Jeph-thah, Phineas, and Esdras. Brilliantly written, The Sixth Law of God shows emphatically that race-mixing is forbidden in both the Old and
New Testaments. This is a book so powerful and convincing that its arguments are absolutely irrefutable.
SB 100 pgs.	$5.00
The History of The Bible
Pastor V.S. Herrell
This book by Pastor Herrell is the only honest book ever written on this most vital subject. This book deals with subjects every white man needs to know, covering all aspects of the history of the Bible, including: The New Testament, Textual Criticism, The Old Testament, The Masoretic Text, Jerome, The Septuagint, other versions, Canonicity, English Transla-
Name_____________________________________ I	_________________________
Address________________________________ .	-	______________________________
City______________________________________State_____________Zip_____________
Ph. #_________________________________E-Mail________:__:____________________
Place your order on the opposite side, cut, and mail with your cash, check, or money order, to:
NFP
P.0. Box 705, Dandridge, TN 37725
tions, the Apocrypha, the Anointed Standard Translation, etc.
Order this book today and discover what Jews don’t want white people to know about their Bible!
SB 112 pgs.	$5.00
Jewish Ritual Murder
Arnold S. Leese
This book reveals the truth behind Jewish ritual murder. Jews today claim Christians created myths about ritual murder to “persecute” Jews.
Well-documented facts are presented in this book to show that the Jews did in fact use Christians as human sacrifices.
SB 57 pgs.	$8.00
The Anointed Standard Translation of The New Testament
An exactingly literal and accurate translation of the New Testament presented in chronological order with copious notes and appendices. The AST is not a revision or rewording of any available translation.
The AST is entirely new, starting with a careful preparation of the Greek texts which it was based upon, and years of research into the translation itself. Many years and tens of thousands of man-hours in the making, the AST reveals the truth of God’s Word as it was written as never before. The AST is indispensible as both a study tool and a reference Bible.
SB 768 pgs. $32.00
Otto Skorzeny: My Commando Operations:
The Memoirs of Hitler’s Most Daring Commando
Otto Skorzeny
Read Skorzeny’s own detailed accounts of his legendary operations in European and Russian fronts during World War II. Especially noteworthy is Skorzeny’s account of his daytime raid in Gran Sasso, Italy, which resulted in the release of Benito Mussolini and won Skorzeny the honor of wearing the Knight’s Cross, presented to him by Adolf Hitler.
These accounts are enhanced by a full 16 pages of photographs.
HB	496 pgs.	$35.00
Title	Price	Quantity Total
Stuka Pilot: Hans-Ulrich Rude! $35.00 ..................
The Sixth Law of God	$5.00	................
The History of the Bible	$5.00	.................
Jewish Ritual Murder	$8.00	...............
The Anointed Standard Translation $32.00 ...............
Otto Skorzeny: My Commando	35.00.........
Subtotal ........
(+10% shipping and handling) ......
Grand Total .......