“And you will know the truth, and truth will set you free” (Jesus Christ, John 8:32).
February, 2002	www.nationalistfreepress.com
Vol. II, No. 2
Atheism: The Religion of Fools
by Perry Kiraly
“The fool has said in his heart. There is no God” (Psalms 13:1 LXX).
The word fool in the Septuagint is translated for the Greek word aphron (SRN 878) and is defined as: “mindless; i.e. stupid (by implication) ignorant, (specially) egotistic, (practically) rash, or (morally) unbelieving: -foolfish), unwise.”
In short, even those utilizing an extremely small amount of brainwork ought to be able to comprehend the existence of God. The Scripture further expands upon this statement with a definitive explanation as to why:
“Surely vain are all men by nature, who are ignorant of God, and could not out of the good things that are seen know Him that is: neither by considering the works did they acknowledge the Workmaster; but deemed either fire, or wind, or the swift air, or the circle of the stars, or the violent water, or the lights of heaven, to be the gods which govern the world. With whose beauty if they being delighted, took them to be gods; let them know how much better the Master of them is: for the first Author of beauty has created them. But if they were astonished at their power and virtue, let them under-
Also in this issue ...
Out to Lunch?	4
Zionist Terrorists in Mexico	11
Imagine That	11
Take the Money and Run	12
stand by them, how much mightier He is that made them. For by the greatness and beauty of the creatures, pro-portionably, the Maker of them is seen. But yet for this, they are the less to be blamed: for they peradventure err, seeking God, and desirous to find Him. For being conversant in His works, they search diligently and believe their sight: because the things are beautiful
Continued on page 2...
The Babi Yar Bamboozle
by Eric Martinson
I was recently reading a Zionist controlled newspaper when I noticed an article written by Susan B. Glasser. It described Pope John Paul’s visit to Babi Yar in the Ukraine. Babi Yar is the site where, according to the Communist, Talmudic Jews, Zionists and Stalinists, (what’s the difference?) that an elite German SS unit allegedly slaughtered between 33,000 and 200,000 (depending on with account you read) Jews and associates. There the pope was pictured, intently listening to some rabbi named Yaakov Dov Bleich. Bleich was apparently showing JP a Jewish “memorial”.
The article caused me to recall seeing aerial photographic evidence in my reading on the so-called Jewish Holocaust. Those photographs clearly demonstrate that what the Talmudic Jews claim happened at Babi Yar was false and could not possibly have occurred, especially given the time frame that ft supposedly happened.
Basically, the claim is that when the Germans took the city of Kiev, they rounded up the Jews by telling them to report to a specific location. They then supposedly trans-
Continued on page 5...
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and not necessarily of the NFP or its editors.
o
www. national istfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Atheism: The Religion of Fools cont....
that are seen. Howbeit, neither are they to be pardoned. For if they were able to know so much, that they could aim at the world; How did they not sooner find out the Master thereof? fiut miserable are they and in dead things is their confidence” (Wisdom 13:1-10 LXX).
There are any number of books available today which refute the spontaneous random development or evolution of life on this planet. Utilizing the latest scientific knowledge and available technologies, the extreme improbability, if not impossibility, of life developing or evolving in this matter has been proven. But the foregoing words in the Scripture were penned long before any such scientific knowledge or technologies were available. Further, these verses are very clear in showing that observation and contemplation of the creation or nature alone will lead one to the reality of God.
Putting these claims to the test, let us see if simple observation and contemplation of creation or nature will reveal the existence of God, excluding any and all use of modern science and/or technology.
If spontaneous or random evolution occurred, by definition, no real rhyme, reason, plan, or intelligence was behind it; hence none in any constancy is likely to be observed. If, on the other hand, behind all creation lies the hand of an Omniscient Being, God, the complexity of His character, intelligence, and planning will be reflected in His work, and conversely. His works will be a reflection of Him.
Consider first the theory of random development, assuming that all of the necessary components conducive to life as we know it were present, e.g. the earth, sun and moon are fully formed and at the necessary distances, the elements are present, the atmosphere is present, along with the various cycles needed to maintain such functioning. These are huge assumptions, especially when one considers that some biochemical cycles, such as the oxygen and carbon dioxide cycle, require life forms such as algae to function. But, for the sake of argument and for the benefit of random evolution theorists, we will assume that these elements are just here, then ... somehow...
So once upon a time, long, long ago, as the randomists tell it, a sudden flash of light by the discharge of atmospheric electricity or lightening hits a glob of pond scum and animates it, jump-starting some elements into throbbing with life. What would make it keep throbbing? How would it stay “alive” or maintain its new-found animation? What would keep this now “living matter” from returning to just being some elements in a pond?
If, by chance, it did happen to maintain animation for a period. How or what would make it accidentally develop a way to take in energy or food? How could it metabolize or discard waste?
Then, according to the randomist theorists, an even bigger accident takes place: without any plan, genetic blueprint, or instruction, this “animated” matter lives long enough to accidentally develop a mode of movement to get around, senses to explore the world, and a way to find or manufacture some form of energy for food to continue its existence.
It accidentally discovers a way to reproduce and finds a way to divide itself into all the life forms that we see today on the planet, plus all the ones that are now extinct.
In some cases it accidentally found ways to make eyes to see, spacing them in perfect symmetry, when it did not even know that there was anything to see or that anything was seeable for such eyes. It, for some reason, evolved a way to hear things that it never had heard. It developed a brain to help it think so it could run the functions necessary to sustain its existence and existed somehow all that time up until that point without a brain ... and so on and so on until you end up with the distinct and diverse array of life forms, ecosystems, and species within separate categories, all of which suddenly and inexplicably ceased their random development which made possible their existence in the first place. And after all these amazing things had taken place, these organisms also made up the idea that they should bear after their own kind.
A lot of difficult questions arise with this “random” theory, but none as great as the following - Where are all these transitional species, if indeed by all the different combinations, each at astronomical odds, these virtually impossible billions of occurrences did in fact take place?
In the case of man, even if we start at our
www.natiqnalistfreepress.com

hypothesized simian stage (an immensely complex point of development as compared to pond scum by the way) to modern human, there are still many questions left unanswered. Where are all the half-monkey/half human transitional organisms, or 40%/60% simian/human, or 90%/10%, 80%/20%, 70%/30% mixtures? Not only do the various stages of development up to human require consideration, what of everything else? Where are the transitional beings for the elephants, giraffes, etc.?
Some atheists might say that these interim stages of development of every type of species died off, but if this were the case, with millions of different species over a period of millions of years, shouldn’t there be some examples? With all the archaeological finds of today, should not someone have discovered a fossilized specimen? There is no credible evidence that supports the atheist’s random development theory of any life form of any kind.
Life or nature shouts, screams in fact, of a plan and intelligence behind its development. Simple observation and contemplation thereof, as the Scriptures suggest, reveal this to be true.
Take a look sometime at a simple form of life such as a blade of grass. Its mechanical structure or construction alone reveals intelligence behind its makeup, not to mention the observable phenomenon of its growth and animation, or life, from a seemingly lifeless or dead seed which contains all of the instructions for it to become exactly what it is.
Take any seed for that matter: fruit, vegetable, animal or human sperm, each seed contains within it an exact set of instructions for whatever it is to grow into. The instructions are exact for an apple, carrot, ape or man. Tell me. How do you randomly develop such a set of precisely detailed and specific instructions?
There is the idea of “irreducible complexity” that explains this concept. If you were walking in the woods one day and came across an F-16 fighter jet, you would not in a million years consider that the winds and time just blew it together. Wouldn’t that be crazy to think that? But I tell you, a single sparrow, from a mechanical standpoint alone, is a hundred-fold more complicated. The F-16 cannot move one inch on its own, let alone fuel itself, navigate, reproduce, or
get off the ground and fly like the sparrow can. Observation alone tells us that this design is so complex that it could not have come together through random evolution. There must be a plan behind its existence, just as there is a plan behind the creation and building of a fighter jet, or a pocket watch, or any other man-made item. The workings are so complex that it is irreducible. Each piece could not have come together and worked so correctly through simple, random acts of evolution. Nor can the existence of a fighter jet be explained through the idea of survival of the fittest. Many have heard the example of the moth that camouflages itself to look like tree bark. The random evolutionists will claim that a few moths randomly developed the coloring trait. These moths supposedly survived because they were not eaten by birds, and the moths of the same species with different coloring died off. Yet, this simple explanation leaves many more unanswered questions. How did the complex structure of the moth derive from random evolution in the first place? Did a few proteins throw themselves together to form this small creature by accident, or was there an intelligent plan behind the creation of the moth? Undoubtedly, there was a plan - a blueprint set in motion by God Almighty at the beginning of time.
Consider any notable piece of architecture from the pyramids to the former World Trade Center; not for one second would anyone believe that the plans or blueprints to build one of these mammoth structures were only the result of throwing some paper, ink and pencils into the air, and when it all came down, presto, there were the blueprints. Nor would any sane person argue that over millions of years the building, through the process of trial and error, developed the skeletal structure, the interior designs, and so on and eventually formed into a building.
Yet, the blueprints to build either of the mentioned structures pale in comparison to the instructions, or blueprints, if you will, to make one viable ant. The atheist, nonetheless, would have us believe that the instructions or plans to build one of these tiny creatures came about by an even greater unlikelihood than throwing paper and ink in the air to derive the Pyramids or the WTC towers!
Take a look at a piece of fruit, a banana or strawberry, for example. Pick any fruit.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Consider how convenient of randomness to have “thought" of that. Quite an impromptu performance by haphazard happenstance to come up with a pleasant looking, smelling, tasting and nutritious food for us and other living creatures to eat. wouldn’t you say?
.< Tlien, as the Scripture mentions, there is the beauty of it all. From the flowers in the fields, to the trees in the forests, to the blue oceans filled with many kinds of colorful life, to the stars that paint the night sky, to the sunsets that inspire awe ... were all of these beautiful pieces of nature created in an accident started by static electricity?
It would appear that a major role of many of the life forms of this world is that of aesthetics, to decorate and beautify the earth. How can one explain that all this happened completely by accidental development?
Up to this point, only concise examples of the observable works of creation have been addressed, but even with just this brief glimpse, the intelligence and planning behind it all clearly stands out.
It is further clearly obvious that those who worship the created things rather tlian the Creator are also fools.
In summation, four readily obvious facts have been presented, which aU lead us to one inevitable conclusion:
1.	By simple observation alone we can see thousands upon thousands of unique and distinct forms of life, all of which naturally bear after their own kind, and none of which that show any signs of random crossovers between different categories of life and evolution or having accidentally evolved into something else; nor is there any tangible posthumous evidence of any haphazard development.
2.	Observation alone reveals that the habitat and food necessary for the sustained existence of every life form was provided for. In the case of Adamic man, all the essential materials for the formation, building, and management of civilization were provided through nature and their natural intelli-f gence.
3.	Observation alone enables us to see the complexity in the design of even the simplest and seemingly insignificant forms of life; a complexity far beyond anything man himself has created, or can logically believe was possible to create by mere chance.
4.	Observation alone unveils the immense
beauty in nature, which is in many instances so inspirational that it defies expression.
This slight glimpse into the openly perceivable design, workings and beauty of nature tangibly reflect^ intelligence, planning, and complexity beyond our comprehension in many cases. Once pondered, a reflection of the character and conformation of existence of the One Who created it is clearly seen; for it is in these works that His existence is proclaimed. The inevitable, inescapable conclusion: Only a fool would say in his heart, “There is no God."
“For the unseen things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things made, both His eternal power and Divine Nature, for them to be without excuse” (Romans 1:20 AST).
Out to Lunch?
New York City is full of Talmudic, Zionist Jews: Russian and European Jews, American Jews, English Jews, Canadian Jews, Israeli Jews. Jews from all over the world, both rich and poor, find their home, or home away from home, in The Rotten Apple. Anyone can tell you that New York is a Zionist Jew city.
New York is a world banking center full of pecuniary, Talmudic Jews who manipulate the world’s financial markets. It’s no secret.
Everyone knows what buildings sat in the heart of the New York City financial district, The World Trade Center Complex. The name pretty much says it - it was the world trade center. The World Trade Center was full of investment firms, insurance conglomerates, loan companies, and every other form of monetary institution.
These businesses were full of Zionist Jewish employees, many straight from Israel, and many others who travel back and forth, to and from, Israel on a regular basis. It doesn’t take a great leap of a person’s imagination to figure out that the WTC towers were full of thousands of Zionist Jews great and small, from Israel and everywhere else. That was what you would expect to find on an average day. But September 11, 2001, was not an average day.
The eyes of the entire world were upon President Bush when he gave his official address at 9:00 P.M. on September 20, 2001.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
5
If you happened to have missed it, you can see the text of the Address to a Joint Session of Congress and the American People at http: / /www. whitehouse.gov/news /releases/ 2001/09/20010920-8.html. In this address, the President states that “more than 130 Israelis” had “died with our own”.
I thought to myself, 130 seems like a small number. If someone would have asked me on September 10, 2001, “How many Israelis do you think work at the WTC complex?” I would have guessed at least ten times that amount. Well, he did say more than 130, which means that there may possibly be a great deal more. But on September 22, two days later, according to The New York Times, the President was wrong, very wrong.
You can find the article. Officials Say Number of Those Still Missing May Be Overstated at www.nytimes.com/2001/09/22/ nyregion/22NUMB.html, but if you want to review a copy of it. The New York Times will charge you. However, with a bit of research, I found it for free at http://groups.goo-gle.com/
groups?selm=cOc6feba.0109220447.4d00e6 ce%40posting.google.com.
It states:
“But today, Alon Pinkas, Israel’s consul general here, said ... there were, in fact, only three Israelis who had been confirmed as deacf: two on the planes and another who had been visiting the towers on business and who was identified and buried.”
The single Israeli death can be confirmed at www.mfa.gov. This is the government of Israel’s official Ministry of Foreign Affairs webpage. They even list his name, Shay Levi-nar.
Many of us have undoubtedly viewed the reports that assert that thousands of Israeli Jews laid out of work on September 11. It’s not hard to understand the evidence that serves to support the theory that the government had prior knowledge of the coming destruction of September 11, but did the Jewish working public really know as well? Out of all those in Manhattan, only one sole Israeli was killed? Hmm, let me guess. They must have all just taken an early lunch ...
The Babi Yar Bamboozle cont...
ported or escorted them to Babi Yar, which was located in the countryside northwest of the city. Once at Babi Yar, the Germans purportedly shot every one of them, then blasted the area and buried them under the debris.
The claim does not end there. The Jews also contend that while in full retreat from Stalin’s Red Army, the Germans dug all those bodies up and cremated them in open pits. The cremations allegedly ended on September 28. 1943, when the actual battle line crossed the area.
So I decided to do some research. I opened a reference volume concerning the subject [1]. and sure enough, there was an aerial photo of Babi Yar taken September 26, 1943. The photo is accompanied by a needle-sharp blowup of the spot where the massacre, burial, exhumation, and cremation had purportedly taken place.
The topography of the land is undisturbed in any way. There are certainly no blasting sites, pits, transport roads, smoke or other evidence of burning fuel of any kind, and there is no excavation material to be found. The vegetation is absolutely serene.
Although aerial photography conclusively exposes the untruthfulness of the Babi Yar claim, the accounts of the so-called eyewitnesses also unveil it as a farce. Besides having a section dedicated to aerial photography, this particular volume contained a separate section exclusively devoted to critical questions concerning Babi Yar. That section, written by Herbert Tiedemann, contained a plethora of information.
Briefly, the background here is that Kiev was a city of just under one million until the German offensive arrived in Russia. Babi Yar translated means “Ravine of the Old Women”. Authentically, it was a fissured area made up of branching erosion channels, which at that time were from 0-150 feet in depth and 30 -3000 feet across, which means that, in reality, it was not a ravine at all. The killings supposedly occurred on September 29 and 30, 1941, but the cremations of the bodies did not take place until 1943.
The Germans took Kiev on September 19, 1941, but that was not the end of chaos in the city. There remained heavy partisan activity. This is demonstrated by the fact that even the 6th Army’s headquarters, located downtown, were blown up on the 24th. There were also enormous quantities of mines readied for detonation, left behind by the Soviets.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Much of the downtown area was in flames as of the 25th, leaving approximately fifty thousand homeless, and hundreds of German firefighters dead. It is against this back-drop that SS troops supposedly took time to wipe out 100,000 or so civilians. The Zionist spindoctors don’t tell us why the Germans Would be sacrificing the lives of their own men fighting fires to save people they were going to execute in a few days.
First and foremost, the alleged order for mass exterminations, according to the Nuremberg show trial Doc. NG2586e, was Supposedly issued at the “Wannsee Conference” on January 20, 1942. Despite the fact that no one has ever produced this “order”, or the plans for the implementation of the details for the supposed extermination program, according to these Nuremberg records, no extermination had even begun until March of 1942.
Why there would be a mass murder of the purported Babi Yar dimensions several months before the alleged announcement that there was to be exterminations of Jews has never been explained. There hasn’t even been any evidence or indication as to whose orders precipitated these tens of thousands of pretended murders at Babi Yar.
One must remember that the Waffen SS has been acknowledged verily by many of their enemies to be the finest fighting force ever. Even in defeat, their kill ratio on the Eastern Front against a better equipped and numerically superior Red Army has never been matched.
The superior military discipline of the SS is beyond question in virtually any circle. Such discipline was followed in a system of orders, and the SS troops were renowned for meticulously adhering to their orders. Knowing this, it is absolutely bewildering how anyone could believe that they could have carried out a random massacre at what would have had to have been on the regimental or divisional level, and without an order.
Carrying out such an act is all the more puzzling since the SS justice system was also renowned for swiftly disciplining its members for cruel acts toward civilians or even inmates. The execution of Buchenwald Camp Commandant Koch was a prime example of this.
Moreover, considering the investigative techniques available today, shooting between
33,000	and 200,000 people within two days and removing all traces is clearly impossible. Such a deed would, of course, have been
completely out of the question in the chaotic conditions existing immediately after such a battle as the one at Kiev. The exhumation of the same amount of corpses for open cremation two years later in the face of the menacing advance of the Soviet forces is even more preposterous. Undoubtedly, the cremation story was created to explain away the lack of any physical evidence, including bodies. What they fail to mention, however, is that there should still be evidence of such a mass exhumation and cremation.
It should also be noted that not a soul ever attempted to procure any physical evidence of this supposed slaughter. On the contrary, the post-war Soviets placed a garbage dump on the area of Babi Yar, and then turned this location of “unspeakable atrocities” into a trash incineration site. The “evidence” of Babi Yar consists of nothing more than contradictory allegations by “witnesses” who were living under Joe Stalin’s regime when they made the “accusations”. The absolute absurdity of these statements can be demonstrated with a few brief examples.
According to holohoaxers, the Jews of Kiev were informed by two thousand placards posted throughout the city the day before on September 28, 1941. These placards were supposedly printed in Russian, Ukrainian and German. The translation of the German text allegedly read:
“All Jews of Kiev are to gather until 8 o’clock Monday, September 29, 1941, at the corner of Melnik and Dokteriwski streets (at the cemeteries). Bring your papers, money, and valuables, also warm clothing etc.
“Anyone failing to comply with this order, and found elsewhere, will be shot.
“Anyone breaking into vacant Jewish homes or appropriating, items found from the same will be shot.” (The Russian text specifies 8 A.M.) [2]
One question that jumps right off the page is, How were 33,000 to 200,000 Jews assembled by 8 o’clock the next morning at a single street corner with all of their belongings? Some must have had access to automobiles, or they had carts, wagons, and possibly animals. These things would constitute a part of their valuables, and would be needed for the transport.
The hoaxers don’t inform us how such a phenomenal gathering and possible traffic jam was scheduled. When a mass of people converge on a location from everywhere, they
www.nationalistfreepress.com
7
are all “elsewhere”, once the word gets around that there is no room on the corner.
When the Germans captured Kiev, they invited a number of foreign correspondents to inspect the city. The holohoaxers fail to explain just how not a single one of these correspondents saw or ever even heard about any of these two thousand placards supposedly plastered throughout the town. Moreover, they refuse to relate how the Germans posted these placards in a sniper infested urban area, nor do they clarify to anyone how the two thousand placards were printed in a city with no electrical power.
The word used to refer to Jews in the Russian text is “schidy”. This is pejorative Russian gutter jargon, analogous to a poster in English referring to German Americans as “Krauts”, or Italian Americans as “Dagos”. The Jew hoaxers want prospective hoaxees to believe that the Germans attempted to lure the Jews to a certain location by insulting them.
Then they also insist that the Jews were so vacuous that they still showed up regardless. In addition to the name calling in the purported placard, there is of course the remaining defect that the placards cited no issuing authority.
Although the accounts of these “witnesses” blatantly contradict one another, they are all consistent in one department -their incredibility. One of these so-called witnesses named Dimitri Orlow claims:
“An entire operation with desks had been set up in an open area. The crowd waiting at die barriers erected by the Germans at the end of the street could not see the desks. Thirty to forty persons at a time were separated from the crowd and led under aimed guard for ‘registration’. Documents and valuables were taken away. The documents were immediately thrown to the ground, and witnesses have testified that the square was covered with a thick layer of discarded papers, torn passports, union identification cards. Then Germans forced eveiyone to strip naked: girls, women, children, old men ... Their clothing was gathered up and carefully folded. Rings were ripped from the fingers of naked men and women, and these doomed people were forced to stand at the edge of a deep ravine, where the executioners shot them at point blank range. The bodies fell over the cliff, and small children were thrown in alive. Many went insane when they reached the place
of execution.” [3]
This hoaxer wants us to believe the Germans set up such an operation “in an open area” in the fire ravaged, mine laden, sniper infested city of Kiev, He conveniently fails to provide any location or landmarks. Soviet citizens at the time did not even carry passports and it is inscrutable why people waiting at the “barriers” didn’t hear all this gunfire and attempt to skedaddle. It is likewise bewildering, how these ‘barriers” prevented folks from seeing desks “set up in an open area”.
There should have been thousands of witnesses to an incident of such an alleged magnitude, particularly since the route from this “corner” to Babi Yar wound through a heavily populated urban area.
By the way, the Talmudic Jews’ own sources state that practically all Jews except the elderly had been evacuated from Kiev on time. [4] Moreover, this is stating that these crack SS troops busied themselves with forcing women, children and old men, to strip while brutally ripping rings from victims fingers, only to sit around daintily folding and pat-creasing the clothing.
I hope Orlow was passing out wrenches with that statement, because this “witness” obviously thinks everyone’s head screws on and off. And then there is the question. How did he see all this himself? He claims to have seen it all from a cable factory, but gives no details concerning the location of such a factory near Babi Yar. Certainly, none of the aerial photos show anything of that nature anywhere near Babi Yar.
Clamp down on your neck bolts, because here is a trophy tale from Yelena Borodan-sky-Knysh:
“It was already dark ... They took our clothing ... and led us about fifty meters away, where they took our documents, money, rings, earrings. They wanted to remove the gold teeth of one old man, and he tried to resist ... At about midnight the command was given in German for us to line up ... A second later bodies started falling on me ... We were sandwiched between bodies ... A German soldier was checking with a bayonet to make sure no one was still alive. By chance he was standing on me, so the bayonet blow passed me ... I freed myself, got up, and took my unconscious daughter in my arms. I walked along ravines ... Crawling over ravines I made my way to the village of Babi Yar.” [5]
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
I’ve often heard it said that a Zionist Jew will say anything for money. They have certainly been able to fleece the German people for billions of dollars with ludicrous fairy tales such as this. Nevertheless, this Jewess doesn’t explain how, if she was covered with bodies, the German could have stood on her. There is no explanation how he also missed her daughter. She provides no details as to how she could free herself from under all those bodies, get up, and then with her daughter in her arms, just waltz away from a secured area crawling with ferocious executioners.
As a reminder, Babi Yar is a system of erosion channels. It is not exactly a ravine and there certainly was no village of Babi Yar. Notice that the procedure described by this hoaxer is completely contradictory, even the opposite, when compared to the previous hoaxer’s statement. Hoaxer Orlow said that the documents, etc. were taken away immediately and then they were stripped, while hoaxer Knysh claims the reverse.
Maybe the Germans changed the process every half hour because they were in a contest to see how much time they could waste on the front? Maybe they changed their operating procedure several times because they had become so bored with plain old bland forms of mass murder? Or is it that lies are being fabricated?
Furthermore, Yelena Borodansky-Knysh says that her experiences at Babi Yar were after dark. I thought it was 8 A.M.? I must admit that Talmudists are crazy, often stupid, but I believe they know the difference in ‘first thing in the morning’ and midnight.
Once again, if they were at the street corner at 8 A.M., thousands of Ukrainians would have been witnesses. They would have seen the gigantic parade of Jews passing by on the way to the “strip site” in the countryside. No such witnesses ever came forward, and remember, not one of those foreign correspondents saw or had heard of such a caravan of marching Jews.
In case you are wondering just exactly how conspicuous this formation would have been, let’s think for a moment - If, for example, 100,000 people were marched in a reasonably tight single file formation, and a stride is approximately three feet, in order to keep them from falling all over the top of each other, let’s say there was one person walking in a four foot space; that’s four feet times 100,000, which equals 400,000 feet. Divide that by a mile, or 5,280 feet, and we
can derive that the line would go on for 75.8 miles!
Now don’t you think that somebody would notice something like that?
Here is a quickie account from yet another Babi Yar bamboozler named “Aloshin”:
“German troops ... ordered them into the ravine, where they were directed to give up their valuables. Part of their clothing also was removed. Then ... they were placed on a platform, machine gunned and thrown into the ravine.” [6]
Well, blow me down, and set me back up again! These elite SS troops sure come up with some creative ways of wasting precious time in the combat zone. Here, they supposedly order all of the Jews into “the ravine”, to take their valuables, and then for some unknown senseless reason, partially strip them. Then they hike all of these half naked Jews back out of the ravine, and they themselves have to go back down into the ravine to retrieve these “valuables” and haul them back out. Then they place them on a platform constructed solely for this purpose - to shoot them down so they can throw them in the ravine. They have to clean the platform off so that they can do it again with the next group. Consider this, in order to complete this task in a two day period, working around the clock, the Germans would only have five minutes to complete the entire procedure using groups of one hundred. 8 A.M. on the 29th to 12 midnight on the 30th is forty hours. If there were twelve hundred shot per hour times forty hours, that would equal only 48,000. That would be a group of one hundred every five minutes nonstop. If the shootings went on a full 48 hours, that would equal 57,600 deaths. Come on, people, it would take at least five minutes to assemble one hundred people in the ravine, and that is assuming that everyone was cooperating.
Back to the platform, Who built this platform? Where is it located? A rather large platform is needed to hold 100 people standing upright, and still a larger one to hold them horizontally, but there is no clue as to when, how, or by whom, this platform was built.
There is also one undeniable fact which all of these witnesses seem to conveniently forget: Winter came early in 1941. The weather in Kiev on September 29,1941, was heavy rain, turning the roads into mush and
www.nationalistfreepress.com
9
making this whole affair all the more impossible. On the 30th, it rained and snowed, making conditions even worse.
The following quote is from the “son-in-law” of Chaim Shapiro:
“At the cemetery the Jews were forced to undress. Fifty six thousand Jews were slaughtered. Those who did not die instantly were buried alive...on the tenth day [after the alleged shooting] we were driven to Lukianova [Babi Yar] ravine. We stood there panic stricken. From beneath the freshly strewn earth streamed rivers of blood, the blood of 56,000 murdered Jews. It cried to us from under the earth. My hair turned gray that morning.” [7]
For a week and a half, rivers I tell you! There are several more quotes, each is as contradictory and ridiculous as blood that would not dry or clot, but the above is typical and will suffice to demonstrate the tale of Babi Yar to be nothing more than a monumental mendacity.
In returning to the topic of the aerial photos, some basic facts need to be related in order to establish just how obvious a mass grave accommodating the number of victims claimed for Babi Yar would be from the air.
The mass graves created for the Soviet massacre and burial of Polish officers and intellectuals at Katyn (a crime that for fifty years was blamed on the Germans), as well as the graves used to accommodate the bodies of some 100,000 innocent residents, including children, of Hamburg, Germany, that were slaughtered by Allied bombing, have proven that it takes about a one acre area of excavation material to buiy roughly
10.000	bodies.
Babi Yar would have needed a minimum of three and one half acres for 33,000 bodies, and as much as twenty acres for
200.000	bodies. There is, therefore, no possibility that the precision aerial photos available from the period in question would not show such a disturbance in the soil.
Even if the mass grave’s depth is increased to sixteen feet, 50,000 bodies would take up about one and a half acres. Approximately 1,600,000 cubic feet of soil would need to be excavated. This would be a major excavation project even for today’s modern heavy equipment. Any claim that it was done in 1941, and once again in 1943 under battle conditions, is pure fantasy. This does not even address the question. Where was this equipment obtained on a battle-
weary front?
The insanity of the Babi Yar fable is evidenced by additional realities. For instance, in order to “machine gun” people, at least, and I emphasize at least, twice as many bullets as the given number of people would be needed. If we round the number of the supposed victims to the low end of the spectrum and say 50,000, then the Germans would have needed a minimum of 100,000 rounds of ammunition, and probably a good deal more.
This ammunition would weigh about 2,800 pounds. Lead is essentially an inert substance which survives practically forever in the soil. So those bullets would still be easy enough to locate for anyone interested. This is to say nothing of the Germans sacrificing a ton and a half of precious ammo directly behind a deadly front line.
Next there is the matter of the fuel needed for cremation of the bodies, which the bizarre and bamboozling yarn says took place while the Germans were in full retreat two years after these “murders”. For only partial cremation, 100,000 bodies would require approximately twenty-five million pounds of firewood. Now folks, that is a 3’ by 3’ pile which Would be seventeen miles long.
For anyone to cut and haul that amount of firewood in the face of an advancing Soviet Army notorious for torturing prisoners would be sheer stupidity, to say the least, and that is even if all these trees could be located.
And another thing, anyone who has ever built a fire since the beginning of time knows that freshly cut wood doesn’t burn well. It needs to be dried, or “cured” in order to burn efficiently. Attempting to transport that much usable wood under the conditions surrounding a military retreat is utter insanity.
Moreover, a full regiment would be necessary for carrying corpses to the cremation site and then disposing of the remains. Yet not one single German soldier or German veteran, aside from those who were interrogated, provided any confessions, and these “confessions” came only after being brutally tortured by Uncle Joe’s cutthroats; no one has ever mentioned or validated this “operation”.
Yet another point that should raise serious suspicions concerning this Zionistic Jewish myth is in relation to the Jewish population figures for Kiev at the time. The Jewish population of Kiev in 1931 was 140,256.
Because of heavy emigration in the 1930’s to other areas of the Soviet Union, the Jewish population of the Ukraine dropped
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
considerably prior to 1941. There must have been much less than that 140,000 in Kiev during the time frame in question.
If these were all massacred as the bamboozlers urge. Why were there, according to G. Reitlinger [8], (who is incidentally an ultimate hoaxer), 100,000 Jews back in Kiev a&ain by 1946, at a time when immigration of the evacuees and deportees from Siberia had only begun? Additionally, by 1959, there were more Jews in Kiev than there had been in the 1930’s. This is one more magical mystery that the holohoaxers expect everyone to just overlook in swallowing the Babi Yar Bamboozle.
After reviewing the material concerning this aspect of the fabled, so-called Holocaust,
I began to reflect on the reality of the papal visit. After all, if a man in my position is able to lay his hands on material that not only casts doubt on, but conclusively shows the falsehood of Babi Yar, then how can somebody like John Paul, at the helm of an enterprise worth hundreds of billions of dollars, who has access to some of the greatest religious and historical documents in the world, not be able to figure out the lies and come to the same logical conclusion about not only Babi Yar, but the whole phony Holocaust scheme in general?
The only answer is the obvious answer. John Paul is not a buffoon; he knows exactly what he is doing. This “pope” is a Talmudic Jewish fellow-traveler, or he would not give such aggressive support to worldwide Jewry; the Catholic religion is run by Talmudists, because the leadership supports this sell-out Pope; they support the entire Zionist Jew-assisting structure, even if only discursively, by giving assent to the support of the lying, blasphemous. God-hating, Talmudic, Zionist, Communist Jews.
Pope Pius XII, who was the pope during World War II, had an intelligence network with literally thousands of sources scattered in every corner of Europe during the entire war. [9] He was well aware that the Zionist claim of the Germans having an extermination policy against the Jews was a complete farce. For this simple reason he refused to endorse the Jewish lies and be a part of or take part in their planned phony Holohoax.
As someone who was born and raised Catholic, and who attended Catholic grade school, as well as Catholic high school, I can honestly say that, luckily, I never paid the pope much attention.
It does not matter whether he is a pawn in a Zionist game, or if he is using the Jews,
or if they are all exploiting each other. The end result is all the same. This “pontifF is expediently pacifying the world Zionist community because he is caught up in their globalistic ambitions. He understands their monopoly of the press and media. He understands the Jewish monetary and commercial influence on his organization’s financial holdings.
This is a pope who, in addition to publicly celebrating Hanukkah, openly praises the Talmudic Jews and gives repeated melodramatic apologies to them that they do not deserve. He has stood idly by while no one from his collected hierarchy protested the blasphemous depiction of Jesus Christ as an effeminate mongrel on the cover of the “millennium issue” of the National Catholic Reporter.
How can millions of white Catholics agree with the corrupt actions that go along with all this repulsive globalistic Zionist Jew pandering? I am afraid that the universal and international interests have rendered this pope “Pope Pawn”.
In order to understand the installation of the “New World Order”, it is necessary to understand the Babi Yar Bamboozle and its part in the colossal flimflam known as the “Holocaust”. This fictitious Holocaust is, after all, more than just an enormous guilt trip laid on the Germans to strip them of their national pride and billions of dollars. The Zionist Jews have utilized this monstrous sham to persuade nations from all around the world to allow them to steal territory from the Palestinians and call it “Israel”.
The upper echelon of the Zionists know that the “Holocaust” is a comprehensive forgery, but the Holocaust myth is not only used to attack Caucasian people, it is used to create, while even though fictitious, a rallying point of common ground, a binding component if you will, among “lower” Zionist Jews.
Most importantly, the Holocaust racket is a tool for the suppression of any nationalistic movement, other than their own, which may arise, not only now, but any time in the future. The Communist Jews and their fellow globalists need their deception at the ready, to be trotted out and thrown in the face of any who demonstrate nationalistic tendencies or racial pride. In essence, it is a ready made attack on anyone that the Jews want to destroy.
Bibliography
1. Dissecting the Holocaust, Ernst Gauss,
www.nationalistfreepress.com
11
ed. (Germar Rudolf), uAir Photo Evidence”, by John Clive Ball, p. 276, Theses & Dissertations Press, P.O. Box 64, Capshaw, Alabama 35742.
2.	Die Schoah Von Bobi Yar, E.R. Wiehn (ed.), Hartung-Gorre, Constance, 1991.
3.	The Black Book, I. Ehrenburg, W. Grossmann (eds.), p.7, Holocaust Library, New York, 1980.
4.	The Dissolution of Eastern European Jewry, W.N. Sanning, IHR, Torrance, California, 1983; German ed.: Die Auflosung Des Osreuropaischen Judentums, Grabert, Tubingen, 1983, Chapters 2 & 4.
5.	I. Ehrenburg, op. cit., (note 3) p.9 f, E.R. Wiehn, op. cit., (note 2) pp. 137-149.
6.	New York Times, “50,000 Kiev Jews Reported Killed”, p.3, November 29, 1943.
7.	“Memorial Services Commemorating the 50th Anniversaiy of Babi Yar Could Be Attenuated by Aerial Photos Showing Absence of Mass Graves There”, J. Patek, unpub. MS.
8.	The Final Solution, G. Reitlinger, A.S. Barnes & Co. Inc., p. 500, New York, 1961.
9.	The Hoax of the Twentieth Century, Arthur R. Butz, Appendix E, pp. 278 -290, IHR, Torrance, California, 1976 & 1992.
Zionist Terrorists in Mexico
In October, Pravda ran a report entitled “Zionist Terrorists Arrested Inside Mexican Congress” (http://english.pravda.ru/main/ 2001/10/13/17982.html). The story relays that two Israelis were arrested in Mexico City after penetrating the security at the Mexican Legislative Palace, and that the Israeli Embassy in Mexico had closed its doors to the Mexican press, refusing to answer any questions.
The Zionist Jewish terrorists were Saur Ben Zvi and Salvador Guersson Smecke, a retired Colonel from the IDF [Israeli Defense Forces]. It is highly possible in the case of Colonel Smecke that he is an agent of the Zionist Jewish terrorist network known as the MOSSAD.
Getting further information on the incident was no simple task. Most of the reports are from Mexico and in Spanish. There was a virtual blackout in the American media except for USAJewish, a Zionist tabloid, that carried the same story that appeared in Pravda.
To follow the story up, ACN reporter Ernesto Cienfuegos said, “The head of Congressional Security, Salvador Alarcon, verified that the Israelis had in their possession
nine hand grenades, sticks of dynamite, wiring and two 9mm ‘Glock’ automatics ... We believe that the two Zionists terrorist [sic] were going to blow up the Mexican Congress. The second phase was to mobilize both the Mexican and US press to blame Osama bin Laden.”
Imagine That
The Jews are angry again. You say, “What’s new? They are always mad about something.” Yes, they are, but what is interesting this time is the certain thing that they are so mad about.
Do you, or rather, have you ever wondered how the Israeli Jews and the Palestinians can tell each other apart? I have to confess that I have contemplated it, and more than once. The only thing that I can see that helps me determine the difference is that the Israeli Jews are usually the aggressive ones with more firepower.
Generally, both look just like the same bunch of mongrels. No matter how you slice it, mongrels are not a race, they are a mixture. What makes the Jews and Palestinians different is their religion, not their race.
But the Jews don’t want people to know that. They don’t want you to realize that they are physically kin to the rest of the mongrels of the world. They want you to think that they are something special. They think that they are better than anyone else. After all, they are the “chosen” people, you know. Yeah right.
Science is blowing their cover. What the Zionist Jews are so angry about is an important research paper entitled, “The Origin of Palestinians and Their Genetic Relatedness With Other Mediterranean Populations”. This composition has nine authors: Luis Allende, Antonio Arnaiz-Villena, Eduardo Gomez-Cas-ado, Nagah Elaiwa, Jorge Martinez-Laso, Juan Moscoso, Ahmed Rostom, Carlos Sil-vera, and Pilar Varela.
This article appeared in the Journal of Human Immunology, published by Elsevier Science, Inc. This work documents how the Palestinians and the Jews of the Middle East are practically identical, genetically speaking. This statement in particular is what made the Jews so uneasy:
“The genetic profile of Palestinians has.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
for the first time, been studied by using human leukocyte antigen (HLA) gene variability and haplotypes. The comparison with other Mediterranean populations by using neighbor-joining dendrograms and correspondence analyses reveal that Palestinians a^e genetically very close to Jews ... Archaeo-logic and genetic data support that both Jews and Palestinians came from the ancient Canaanites ... Both Jews and Palestinians share a very similar HLA genetic pool that support a common ancient Canaanite origin/
The following quote was taken from an article entitled “Journal Axes Gene Research On Jews And Palestinians” by science editor Robin McKie (The Observer, November 25, 2001, Great Britain):
“In common with earlier studies, the team found no data to support the idea that the Jewish people were genetically distinct from other people in the region. In doing so, the team’s research challenges claims that Jews are a special chosen people.”
One of the primary authors is a geneticist, Professor Antonio Arnaiz-Villena, of the Universidad (University) Complutense in Madrid, Spain. When commenting on the heated reaction, he said, “I have authored several hundred scientific papers, some for Nature and Science, and this has never happened to me before, I am stunned.” The article cited above has now been deleted from the Human Immunology’s website, and Professor Arnaiz-Villena has been dismissed from the journal’s editorial board.
The Zionist Jews were concerned that their claims of being the true Israelites of the Bible would once again be proved false.
The Zionist Jews want to circumvent the truth, they want to censor scholarship, and remember friends, the only thing afraid of the truth is a lie. The suppression of meaningful discoveries that are made by the scientific community is shameful and tragic to say the least.
Take the Money and Run
Argentine President Fernando de la Rua has resigned from office. Families of a once vibrant and prosperous middle class in
South America’s second largest economy are being force to try and survive on five dollars or less per day. Grocery stores are giving away free food in an effort to keep from losing everything. Public assemblies have turned into violence. Riots have broken out in the streets. Businesses are being looted. The death toll is rising.
After the unemployment rate was approaching twenty percent and the freezing of the people’s financial assets, the conditions in Argentina have taken a serious turn for the worse. Vast numbers of people have lost everything they owned; many have lost their lives as a result of this disturbing and most unfortunate crisis.
How did this terrible situation come about, especially when informed people could see it coming for over a year? Argentina has collapsed thanks to the nastiest four letter word of them all - Jews - Zionist, Talmudic Jews to be precise.
Many would say that since the Zionist Jews have dug their own grave in Argentina, now let them reap their just reward and get what they deserve. But after destroying the beautiful country of Argentina, they have simply pushed the ejector seat; they aren’t about to go down with the ship. “How?” you say? They are fleeing to Israel. On December 25, the first 63 Zionist Jews arrived at Ben Gurion Airport with another reported 20,000 to follow. Ah, the old dual citizenship routine
This country, the same as Argentina, has been bankrupted and gutted by greedy Zionist Jews, whose sole agenda is to line their pockets and support the bandit state of Israel with their ill-gotten gains. The Zionists here are sending millions to Israel, and many hold dual citizenship, a special benefit granted to few.
Americans, take a good solemn look at the events taking place in Argentina and contemplate]®	Soon	to	a
Neighbim^diN^ar^qu".
KLAN
NFP P.O. Box 705 Dandridge, TN 37725