“And you will know the truth, and truth will set you free” (Jesus Christ, John 8:32), February, 2001	www.nationalistfreepress.com	Vol.	I,	No.	2
The Reality of Race
by Dr. V.S. Herrell Ch.D.
[Like most Americans, I was recently bombarded with the Jewish propaganda that the idea of race no longer exists. This absurdity appeared in the form of Morgan Freeman, the mulatto or quatroon (or should I just say mongrel?), who the world knows as a third rate Hollywood personality and now as a first rate spokesman for Jewish lies. Freeman brazenly spoke the Communist line when he said on television in so many words that science was no longer recognizing racial distinctions. What the half-negro failed to mention is that the science he is referring to is the pseudo-science of Jewish sociology. Today, so-called negro movie stars are repaying their Communist Jew movie friends by seeking to rewrite history, claiming that all the Communists of even 50 and 60 years ago were really saints and not the Bolshevik-inspired enemies of America that the FBI had at that time labeled them to be. Well, is this lying actor negro or half-negro right or wrong? - The Editor, M.R.]
The Jewish lie of “the brotherhood of all men” is becoming more and more popular today thanks to the Jewish controlled media and their mulatto. Communist, lying spokesmen. Even as we learn an ever-increasing amount about genetics and the scientific reality of race, we are being told by the geno-cidal race-murderers and a select group of
Also in this issue ...
What Communists Call Culture 5 Something Worse Than Black Death? 7 More Guns=Less Crime 10 Other News 11 Anniversary of the Australian Federation 12 Subscription Info/Enquiries 12
Jewish pseudo-scientists that the concept of race has no biological or scientific validity. Various scientific organizations have published official position statements stating that race is nothing more than a social construct, rooted not in biology but in sociology. Many, such as the American Anthropological Association1, go on to say that this social construct is relatively recent. They claim that the concept of “race” was created in the 18th
Continued on page 2...
Just Can't Do Enough!
by Mike Rose
It has been proven once again recently that no matter how sold out you are, you just can’t do enough to please Jews and niggeros. George W. Bush has recently nominated Senator John Ashcroft of Missouri to be his attorney general, but hordes of mongrels and Jews have attacked the nomination because they have accused Ashcroft of being a “racist. ” Now let’s get this straight before we go any further: Ashcroft is not a “racist” by any possible definition. Bush and Ashcroft are only too quick to point out the truth of Ashcroft’s so-called “civil rights” record. Ashcroft has supported well-over 90% of all black nominations that have come before him in the past; in fact, Ashcroft said, “I will continue to support African-Americans for the Federal Bench because America needs their strong minds.” He led the fight to make Martin Luther King Day a holiday in Missouri against some stiff opposition. He created the George Washington Carver Award. He named a black woman to state judgeship. He even made Scott Joplin’s house a National Historic Site. But when it came to the Clinton-nominee Ronnie White, he voted against him
Continued on page 5...
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and not necessarily of the NFP or its editors.
www.nationaIistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
The Reality of Race cont....
century, and most point to Johann Friedrich Blumenback as the originator of the idea of “race."
Anyone with even the least amount of common sense can see the absurdity of these statements. If anyone is responsible for the modem concept of race, it was Carolus Linnaeus. who created the modern system that biologists use to group animals and plants into different categories. The same biologists who would group veiy similar animals, such as dogs, into distinctly different genuses given very minor differences, refuse to group people into different genuses or races (the two terms are equivalent, as the Latin word genus merely means race). However, as we shall see, much greater differences exist between, for example, blacks and whites, than between some dogs or birds or other animals who are classified into distinctly different genuses. One common misconception should be refuted before proceeding: just because two animals, or people, can breed does not mean that they are in the same genus. Again, different genuses of dogs and birds can breed, as anyone who owns dogs knows. Moreover, we shall see that miscegenation does not result in successful offspring with long-term viability.
But returning to the origin of the concept of “race," it is by no means a recent development. All ancient cultures that have left a written record clearly show a knowledge of not only their own race, but other races. We have already mentioned the Latin word for race, genus, and the Greeks also had the word genes which means race. This word shows a very early Indo-European origin, making the concept of race one of the most basic and oldest concepts in civilized society.
Ancient writers such as Herodotus described race and racial characteristics numerous times. Pliny the Elder devoted a whole chapter of his Natural History to describing different races. The Greeks also had a word which clearly shows that they distinguished between different races, the word allogenes (other race). Interestingly, this word appears first in the Greek Old Testament, the Septuagint, where it is used more 1
1. American Anthropological Association, Statement on "Race,” May 17, 1998.
than 45 times. Thus, we see, not only did the concept of “race" exist in ancient societies, it was a predominant fixture of ancient thought even though most of these societies were racially homogenous.
What is truly astounding is the ever-prev-alent claim today that race has no biological or genetic basis. The following statement by Sylvia Spengler, a geneticist at U.C. Berkeley, has become often-repeated among those touting this latest Jewish lie:
“I have no question, given what we know about human genetics, that the tall person and the short person are significantly more different than the black man and the white man of similar height... Tiying to mix genetics with race is, to my mind, inappropriate; it cannot be done. ... Race is something we do to each other; it has nothing to do with what our DNA does to us."
The utter lies in this statement are almost unbelievable. Spengler attempts to back up her statement by pointing out that the production of the protein melanin, which makes the skin of blacks black, is controlled by only six genes, whereas height is controlled by several more. But her absurd statement assumes that the only difference between blacks and whites is skin color; again, the old lie that “race is only skin deep" is now being used to say that race doesn’t exist at all. As we shall see, however, there are easily hundreds of additional differences that we could list between blacks and whites, each one genetic and each one, therefore, a product of our DNA. For Spengler to say that DNA does not produce racial characteristics is a slap in the face of all modern genetic and biochemical science.
Before we begin to look at some of these genetic differences in more detail, however, we must first discuss the “numbers" game that is played by many who would deny the reality of race. This “numbers" game attempts to discount the reality of race by convincing people that the percentage differences between blacks and whites is so small that it doesn’t matter. However, when it comes to genetics, even the slightest difference can have profound effects. The human genome has some three billion base pairs
www.nationalistfreepress.com
3
that code for about 20,000 to 50,000 different genes. But a single deletion of one of those three billion base pairs could drastically alter the entire genome, creating a baby with major defects, retardation, or even the inability to survive. To put this in percentages, the genetic difference between a healthy baby and a baby unable to live or a baby born with severe retardation or other physical problems could be as little as 0.000000033%.
Little differences are huge in nature. Another example involves certain bacteria plasmids, which are circular DNA molecules. A plasmid with a size of 3,000,000 Daltons can be made resistant to antibiotics by the addition of two methyl groups weighing only 30 Daltons. In other words, the genetic difference between a bacterium that would die and one that would live if exposed to an antibiotic is only 0.00001%. Another amazing fact that illustrates this point is that the difference between a man and woman is only one gene which causes a hormonal cascade in the embryo that leads to sexual differentiation. So out of 50,000 genes, a man and a woman are only 0.002% different, yet we haven’t yet seen people rushing out to claim that gender is only a social construct with no basis in science or in DNA! That difference of one gene leads to all the many different obvious sexual characteristics, plus hundreds more not so obvious differences between a man and a woman.
Of all the genes in a white man or woman, far less than 1% account for all the variation seen between different white men and women which include not only superficial things like eye color, hair color, height, weight, facial and body features, etc., but also less obvious things like susceptibility to heart disease or high blood pressure, intelligence, genetic factors in personality, etc. The reason that more than 99% of those 50,000 genes show no variation is because those genes code for things that are absolutely essential to life, whatever its form. Variation would not be viable. This also explains why there is less than 1% difference between a white man or woman and a chimpanzee. But anyone can look at a white man or woman and a chimpanzee and see how much that very slight genetic difference makes. People are also remarkably similar to pigs and cats.
but all this demonstrates is that nature has thousands of well-designed biochemical processes which are central to and common to all zoological life. But it also shows us that even the slightest difference is of the utmost importance.
Thus, when we examine the genetic differences between blacks and whites, we find a difference of about 0.02%l. Those who play the “numbers” game try to act like this number is insignificant, but remember that 0.02% represents almost 200,000 base pair differences in DNA. So this difference is more than 10 times the difference between a man and a woman of the same race. If gender is a reality, then race must certainly be a reality.
One of the most powerful tools of modern genetics in analyzing how different animals or people are related to one another is mitochondrial DNA. This is DNA which is in the mitochondria of every cell and has no relation to the nuclear DNA, which is the DNA we have discussed thus far. Comparing all white populations, the mitochondrial DNA among whites is found to differ by less than 0.2%. However, comparing the mitochondrial DNA of black and whites, a difference of 0.6% is found, more than three times the difference! Similar percentages are true for other mon-greled races, such as Jews.1 2 In other words, if you find the two most different white people you can find, the difference between either of them and a black person will be at least 3 times as much as the difference between themselves. In a world where one base pair difference can have enormous effects, these percentages of difference are truly astounding.
The more we learn about genetics, the more traditional anthropological information is confirmed. The differences between races has been approached throughout the years in a variety of ways, comparing everything from physical features to intelligence. But as we learn more about genetics, we find out that these differences are rooted in DNA. Intelligence is a good example. The difference in intelligence between racial groups has been demonstrated at great lengths by hun-
1.	Race and Races by Richard A. Goldsby, Macmillan Publishing, New York.
2.	Asking About Cells, Tobin and Morel, Saunders Publishing, 1997.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
dreds of scientists in the past one hundred years. Everyone freely admits, for example, that the average IQ of blacks is approximately 15 points lower than the average IQ of whites; that is, the average IQ of whites is approximately 100 while the average IQ of blacks is approximately 85 (an IQ of 70 or lower is considered to be retardation).
But while everyone has freely admitted that this difference exists between blacks and whites, many are quick to claim that genetics has little if anything to do with this difference; rather, it is argued that this difference is environmental. Nevertheless, we know today from genetics and from various other forms of research, such as studies involving identical twins separated at birth, that intelligence is at least 80% rooted in genetics, with the other 20% from environmental factors. The controversial but well-researched and well-documented book The Bell Curve also shows that the gap between black and white IQ remains consistent despite similar environmental factors.
A related subject and one which has been often studied by racial anthropologists is brain size. The average brain of a white person is 10% larger than the average brain of a black person. This difference in brain size is genetic, and genetics is today proving that brain size is in fact correlated to intelligence.
Dr. J. Philippe Rushton, in his book Race, Evolution, and Behavior (1995), documents major differences between blacks and whites in dozens of areas, including skeletal, motor, and dental development, and hormone levels. He also documents in detail differences in blacks involving age of first intercourse (earlier), number of sexual partners (higher), age of first pregnancy (earlier), lifespan (shorter), aggressiveness (higher), cautiousness (lower), impulsivity (higher), mental health (lower), marital stability (lower), law-abidingness (lower), administrative capacity (lower), and sexually-transmitted diseases (higher). Again, most recognize that these differences exist but deny a genetic factor. However, each of the above characteristics are today being traced to genetic sources.
Medical science also shows the absurdity of denying the reality of race and its genetic basis. A large portion of medicine is directly
concerned with racial differences and how these differences affect medical practice, ranging from the identification of racial genetic diseases to drug dosing, which often varies from race to race.
Pure blacks and pure whites show relatively few genetic disorders, but mongrel types, such as Jews, show many. For example, genetic diseases specific to Jews include: abetalipoproteinemia. Bloom’s syndrome, dystonia musculorum deformans, familial dysautonomia, factor XI deficiency, Gaucher’s disease, iminoglycinuria, Meckel’s syndrome, Niemann-Pick disease, pentosuria, spongy degeneration of the brain, stub thumbs, Tay-Sachs disease, etc.1 The fact that genetic diseases exist which occur along racial lines, such as sickle cell anemia in blacks, shows that there are distinct differences between the DNA of different races. The fact that the majority of all genetic diseases affect mongrel racial types, such as Jews, shows that the mixing of races is not genetically successful.
Other diseases may not be the result of genetic mutations as are the above syndromes and disorders, but they are heavily influenced by genetics. This explains why, for example, blacks are much more likely to suffer from hypertension: it is because of a genetic difference. Drug dosages must be adjusted based upon race. For example, nonwhites respond to lower doses of antipsychotic drugs than whites; this is a racial characteristic and is therefore inheritable and therefore genetic. Medical literature is replete with such examples and the race of a patient is extremely important for hundreds of diseases and drugs. Again, these facts only confirm the substantial differences which exist between the races and these differences are genetic in origin.
Genetics is also shown to play a significant role in diseases which have many different possible causes, such as cancer. Different cancers can be caused by many different things, but generally environmental factors which can cause cancers equally affect different races who live in the same places. But a large portion of cancers are
1. Know Your Genes. Milunsky.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
5
caused not by environmental elements but by poor genetics. This is demonstrated again among Jews, where, for example, Jewish women are at least ten times as likely to develop breast cancer as white women. Jews also have drastically higher rates of sterility as compared to whites. Again, the higher rates of these and other health problems as compared to whites is caused by genetics.
The dozens of genetic diseases, the extraordinarily high susceptibility to cancers, extremely high rates of sterility, etc. all demonstrate the numerous biological problems with race-mixing or miscegenation. The different races are genetically incompatible and the product of race-mixing is always genetically inferior to the original races.
Pure blacks and pure whites naturally segregate themselves and avoid any type of racial integration. Psychologists are aware that young infants, who have not been taught any “social constructs” by their parents, naturally are uncomfortable around people of a race other than their own. This natural tendency toward segregation has been long practiced. The fact that pure whites still exist demonstrates thousands of years of what Jewish Socialists would label “racism.” Nevertheless, such natural instincts coupled with the strong religious background of the South, the so-called Bible belt, explains why the Southern states had laws forbidding race-mixing up until the late 1960s, when the Jew-controlled Federal Government violated the rights of the individual states and declared such state laws illegal, though the laws are still written into the constitutions of some states.
Still, science today has confirmed and is continuing to confirm the existence of different races and the incompatibility of these races. Nobel-prize winning physicist William Shockley, the inventor of the semiconductor, devoted the latter part of his career to the study of eugenics. His work and the work of numerous other respected scientists of the last forty years has proven that race-mixing is nothing but de-evoiution which lowers and destroys both races. Those who seek to encourage such genocide are those who are already mongrels, the Communist, antichrist Jews.
Just Can’t Do Enough cont....
for the Federal Bench. Ashcroft did this not because he is racist and Ronnie White is black, but because of White’s judicial record: he was very soft on crime and voted against the death penalty and against anti-drug measures. Ashcroft also cited the fact that many law enforcement agencies opposed White’s appointment. But after all that he had done for niggeros, including saving the black-founded Lincoln University, he was vehemently attacked. Nan Aron, of the Alliance for Justice, said that when Ashcroft voted against White, he committed a “hate crime.” So-called “civil rights” organizations united in attacking Ashcroft and falsely labelling him a “racist.”
To add fuel to the fire, a 1998 interview Ashcroft gave to the magazine “Southern Partisan” was dug up where Ashcroft said, “You’ve got a heritage of ... defending Southern patriots like Lee, Jackson, and Davis. We’ve all got to stand up and speak in this respect or else we’ll be taught that these people were giving their lives, subscribing their sacred fortunes and their honor to some perverted agenda.” For this statement, Ashcroft, who also said that his favorite historical figure was Abraham Lincoln, was attacked for being a racist. Ashcroft even ran full page newspaper ads showing all the things he had done for niggeros as a governor and senator, but still he just couldn’t do enough. One statement and one vote against a pro-drug, pro-crime judge, and niggeros turned out in record numbers to vote Ashcroft out of office this past November and are now trying to prevent his appointment as Attorney General. Apparently, the current brand of Jew political correctness doesn’t allow any type of respect at all to be paid towards figures of Southern history. Give the devil an inch and he’ll take everything.
What Communists Call Culture
by Dr. V.S. Herrell Ch.D.
“Cultural awareness” and “cultural diversity” are two buzz phrases used today to encourage race-mixing and the assimilation of non-whites into America. We are told that
www.nationaIistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
other “cultures” are superior to that of the white. Western culture that typifies developed, civilized nations. Children are taught that in order to have culture, one must be a non-white, or at least act like one. According to the Jewish media, the only ones without culture are the whites.
In fact, the opposite is true. True culture is white culture - each white nation has its own history and traditions, which remain within the bounds of decency and white morality. This has been true historically, of course, until that nation was infiltrated and destroyed by parasitic Jews and other nonwhites. The integration of non-whites into a white nation has historically resulted only in the downfall of that nation.
Perhaps if “Diversity Day” at your local school included a discussion of the child sexual molestation practices that prevail in nonwhite nations, white people would be less willing to adapt their so-called “cultural practices”. The information provided herein will shock and disgust decent, honorable people, yet the practices we are about to describe continue even today.
In so-called “preliterate” groups,f e.g., undeveloped black natives of New Guinea, it is common practice for adults to commit incestuous sexual acts with their own children. For example, the women typically forego sex with their husbands for masturbating their children, while the adult males rape male children. Is this unusual? No. In fact, it is the norm. Are white people really to believe that we are inferior to these so-called “people” who have no historical achievements, have not achieved anything in art, science, or literature, and consider it normal to sexually molest their own children?
Some may point out the so-called achievements of the Japanese or Chinese, who have earned the reputation in America of having intelligence and a desire for hard work. Yet, Japanese families continue to practice their own methods of child abuse, which have become a traditional part of Japanese so-called culture. Japanese mothers continue to masturbate their own children, who may sleep with their parents until the age of 15. One study done by the Japanese has shown that daughters over age 16 continue to sleep with their own fathers 20% of the time. Sons will have sex with their moth-
ers - reasons given for this practice include helping the children sleep, helping them focus on their studies, or preventing them from getting a girl pregnant.
The Chinese have historically condoned rituals involving the rape of young girls by their brothers, prostitution of both boys and girls, adult males sodomizing children, and child slavery involving sex. The same story may be told of India, where the mother regularly masturbates the child, and even includes the child in sex between the parents. Children are also loaned out to other family members for sex of all kinds. Today, many Jewish comedians joke that girls in Arkansas or Alabama who are virgins must not have any brothers. The truth is that they have taken this joke from an Indian proverb: “For a girl to be a virgin at ten years old, she must have neither brothers nor cousin nor father.”
Another so-called cultural practice that is receiving some media attention is the practice of clitoridectomy, practiced especially in Arab and African nations. Egyptian girls are also mutilated in this manner. The practice involves removing the clitoris and sometimes labia of girls between the ages of 6 and 12. Often, a razor, or as is the case in Africa, a sharp rock, is used to remove parts of the external genitalia of girls. Of course, this is done with no regard to sanitation or anesthesia. Americans today are so brainwashed that it has even become a debate in the medical community as to whether hospitals should offer clitoridectomy as a procedure to prevent infection and scarring of these girls. Of course, those suggesting this feel they need to go to all lengths to include others and their “cultural practices” into a once predominantly white society.
Nations of both the Far and Near East continue their historical practices of child concubinage and prostitution. Nude public baths are normal in these nations, and of course are a popular place for adult males to sodomize each other and male children. It is noteworthy to state that HIV and AIDS first became recognized as a public health hazard when homosexuals discovered clubs and swimming baths in New York. 80% of women from the Near East also recall performing fellatio on their brothers, fathers, cousins, uncles, and other males beginning between
www.nationalistfreepress.com
7
the ages of 3 and 6.
Is it a source of cultural pride that blacks and non-whites commit more violent crime (not only against whites but against each other), that non-whites carry more genetic and contagious diseases (including sexually transmitted diseases), and that non-whites are typically less intelligent and contribute less in terms of the arts and sciences than white people? Is degenerate art and music a source of cultural pride? In the name of culture, we are told to accept the degenerate and repugnant practices of non-whites.
Not only are the adults in these nations perpetuating child molestation practices, they are introducing their sexually transmitted diseases to the children. When a father in one of these countries presents with a sexually transmitted disease, it is expected that the children are infected as well. This is often the case, and entry sites for the disease include not only the genitals, but the mouth and anus. These children will eventually grow, and as adults may come to America and claim asylum or be admitted as citizens. Despite the advancements Western whites have made in medicine, contagious diseases are increasing in prevalence daily because of the influx of non-whites. As the browning of America continues, it is no longer safe for white children to play in the streets or even go to school, as they are at increased risk today for kidnapping and sexual abuse. Not only are these children abused, they are often found to have a sexually transmitted disease as a result of the abuse. (The rape rate in America, while on the rise, is still not as high as that of South Africa, where up to 75% of white women have been raped by a black, and many of those have been raped 3-4 times. South Africa, of course, is an example of what happens when non-whites are given power over whites.) As America degenerates, the legal system provides little recourse for punishing child molesters. Children are furthermore encouraged to experiment sexually at younger and younger ages -typically from classmates in the integrated public school system.
The decline in education, an increase in crime and disease rates, and the introduction of degenerate art and music forms all can be traced to the integration of American society and the push for cultural awareness
and diversity. The media is fond of quoting the statistic that whites will be the minority by 2050 in the United States. What so-called cultural diversity is really accomplishing is the destruction of the white race, and the Jewish media could not be more brazen and proud of their accomplishment.
Reference: “The History of Child Abuse” by Lloyd deMaus, March, 1997.
Is Something Worse Than Black Death On The Horizon?
by Mike Rose
With the advent of antibiotics in the 1950’s, bacterial infections in the minds of many Americans became no longer deadly but a simple nuisance. The then segregated America virtually eliminated diseases like polio, lockjaw (tetanus), tuberculosis, and typhoid fever. America became a virtual disease, free paradise when compared to the rest of the world. But there was a reason for this achievement. In those days, Americans were not afraid to quarantine or segregate infected persons for the imaginary fear of depriving them of their so-called civil rights.
Tuberculosis was virtually eliminated because the political and medical authorities were not afraid to quarantine infected individuals. The principle of greater good was adhered to. Other such diseases were stopped at the border by strong political leadership that was looking out for the voters who had elected them instead of being bought off by whatever special interest group has the most money. Those who today do not practice this type of leadership can only be described as treasonous and criminal and negligent to the American people.
Today, the tables are turning as infectious diseases are becoming an increasing concern and more deadly. It seems hard to believe that more deaths are attributed worldwide to dehydration from diarrhea than to cancer. It is even more concerning that antibiotics, our greatest weapons against even diarrhea causing agents, are failing.
A great number of bacteria that antibiotics easily destroyed are developing resistance
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
to current therapies. Antibiotics are today a large part of modern medicine, once providing revolutionary care that saved thousands of lives. Through overuse, misuse, and simple time, the bacteria that were once susceptible to certain antibiotics became resistant to those antibiotics. In response, scientists created stronger, more powerful antibiotics. The cycle, however, is repeating, and it appears that the bacteria are winning.
When an individual receives antibiotic therapy, most of the bacteria are killed. Eventually, the individual feels better and stops taking the antibiotics. However, the strongest of the bacteria were able to survive the antibiotics. Perhaps the surviving bacteria had certain genetic mutations or qualities that made them slightly resistant to a particular antibiotic. Now these stronger, more resistant bacteria are left to multiply, passing on that resistant trait. The result is usually a new strain of bacteria that is resistant to current antibiotic therapy, and this microbe is left to infect thousands, potentially millions of people. (“Microbe” is the term used to describe not only a bacterium, but also a virus, mold, fungi, or yeast.)
Many Americans hold the false belief that because they have never taken antibiotics, they are somehow not susceptible to certain microbial infections. This is far from the truth. Even those who have never taken antibiotics can “catch” or be infected with the resistant, many times deadly, microbe created by others’ misuse of antibiotics. Recently, the FDA proposed a ban on two antibiotics of the fluoroquinolone class for use in animals. These two antibiotics had previously been used to treat poultry infected with Campylobacter bacteria. The result? Chickens carrying the infectious agent, now resistant to some fluoroquinolones, are being sold in meat markets, yes, here in the United States, especially among newly arriving alien populations, such as the Mexicans, Chinese, Viet Namese, and other Oriental types. Fluoroquinolones once used to treat stomach and intestinal infections in humans are no longer working in many cases. These same infections often result in death, especially in those easily susceptible to dehydration from diarrhea - the elderly, those with depressed immune systems, and especially children.
Are we the only ones sounding the alarm?
Absolutely not. The World Health Organization (WHO), scientists, and physicians worldwide have been publishing report after report on what is becoming the obvious - infectious diseases are becoming (and many already are) resistant to current antimicrobial treatments. When WHO, a UN agency, begins admitting to the pending pandemics, then you know something is in the wind, or at least the handwriting is clearly emerging on the wall, for the UN only admits what it has to admit from a negative point-of-view.
Viruses especially are of increasing concern because of the lack of medical treatments. Often, we can only treat the symptoms, not cure the disease. Viruses have never been susceptible to antibiotics. In fact, the only way to kill a virus is generally to kill the cell it is hiding in. For example, HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, lives inside certain cells of the body called T-cells. These cells are active in the immune system, and the only way to truly kill or eliminate the virus is to kill the T-cells. Paradoxically, the replication of the virus itself will kill T-cells. However, since these cells are active in the immune system, those individuals infected with the virus ultimately die as a result of overwhelming infection from other microbes which they can no longer fight off and are generally sharing with others. This is the reason why no “cure” for HIV has been found. Current treatments for these diseases merely treat the symptoms.
The further alarming news is that America is increasingly becoming a cesspool for diseases which were once never even seen on this continent. As wave after wave of unnecessary and unwanted immigrants flood our once tranquil shores, they bring with them deadly diseases. These immigrants may or may not themselves be resistant to certain diseases which can kill those Americans who have never before been exposed to them -similar to European immigrants introducing smallpox to certain North American populations which were subsequently eradicated. These deadly diseases are primarily of a viral nature and therefore more difficult to treat. Malaria, never before a problem in America, has recently shown up even in a small town in North Carolina. Already killing people worldwide, Hanta virus. West Nile Virus, Ebola, hemorrhagic fever viruses, and many
www.nationalistfreepress.com
9
other foreign, deadly microbes are being slowly introduced to our continent, and the death toll is sure to rise if this influx of deadly diseases is not stopped.
West Nile Virus, from a subtle beginning in Jew Jersey, has already made its way to South Carolina and Pennsylvania. Add the potential of AIDS and the incredible truth about the present pandemic of hepatitis in all five of its admitted manifestations, and the evidence overwhelmingly demands that those who will survive the coming pandemics will be only those who are prepared and have systematically separated themselves from the perverted vision of a so-called New World Order and all of its metropolitan multicultur-alism.
The Bottom Line The following facts are presented as a public service in the interest of your health.
Hepatitis A (HAV)
100 Americans die each year from Hepatitis A. Each year, an estimated 180,000 Americans contract HAV infections.
The annual cost to the United States for treating HAV and associated care is $200 million.
Hepatitis B (HBV)
HBV is 100 times more infectious than HIV. HBV can live on diy surfaces for at least 7 days. Figures show that 22,000 pregnant American women were infected. HBV can be transmitted to newborns. Approximately 1 million die from complications of HBV. Estimated global infection is 350 million, with 70% of new cases occurring in people 15-39 years of age.
Hepatitis C (HCV)
It is now suspected, that the death rate from Hepatitis C is close to surpassing the death rate of AIDS. This means that HCV is now one of the greatest health threats of the 21st century, with the potential to kill not just millions but billions by the middle of this century. Couple this with the ever present risk of pandemic pneumonia and the dreaded 1918 influenza virus, and in light of worthless antibiotics, then the 21st century could prove to be the deadliest century of history. Approximately 200 million people are infected with HCV; 5 million of those in America. This is 3% of the entire world population. 8 out of 10 infected risk serious long term clinical diseases, including cirrhosis
and hepatocellular carcinomas (cancer of the liver). Some people who are at higher risk include stick junkies, health care workers, those who participate in dissolute casual sex, people who undergo medical or dental procedures with improperly sterilized instruments, those with tattoos, and negroisk body piercers.
Just from a disease point-of-view, so-called multi-culturalism or the mixing of various strands of people is already a deadly proposition. Some of our very best medical minds are not only predicting pandemics of ravaging diseases worldwide, but plagues that could easily end the world as we know it. When the big cities have no one to bury the dead, as in the black plague of Europe, these circumstances will set in motion other diseases in an ever-spiralling cycle of death. We have only begun to reap the harvest of death due to our misuse and now lack of antibiotic treatments. Already, hospitals are simply locking away persons with resistant Staph aureus, allowing them to die in isolation. As sure as microbes mutate into ever stronger strands, segregation and separation is the only assurance for any of the races to survive.
Syphilis
A favorite argument of race-mixers and those who like to promote miscegenation is that no harm can be seen in nature through the act of race-mixing. However, all one has to do is examine the facts of history and especially the history of sexually transmitted diseases to discover that those who promote that race-mixing and homosexuality are not crimes against nature and the God Who created the laws of nature are liars and antichrists. A prominent example in the history of sexually transmitted diseases that were brought about by race-mixing is that of syphilis. Syphilis is caused by Treponema pallidum, a pathogenic bacterium.
Treponema pallidum has been causing disease at least since 10,000 BC, during which time the bacteria mutated in Africa and began causing the disease yaws, and the occurrence of yaws is still highest in Africa today. The treponeme also causes a similar disease in cooler climates known as bejel, although bejel is not as devastating as yaws or syphilis. Finally, the treponeme again adapted to its environment and the lifestyles
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
of men and began causing venereal syphilis. In the 1490’s, the period when accounts of syphilis were first being recorded, it was said to have killed those affected in less than a month, although today the disease unfortunately is not so deadly, unless of course you are talking about the ‘‘black syph” of the Orient. Thousands of Army, Navy, and Marine personnel who contracted what is known as the black syph were not allowed to return home. The black syph is a form of venereal disease with no cure. The time period when syphilis outbreaks were being recorded coincides with Columbus’ voyage to America, and it is after this time that the signs of the disease begin appearing in skeletons in burial mounds, and we know that it mostly affected women.
History tells us that syphilis arrived in the Americas with Columbus and many people died, but we also know that syphilis was probably spread to the Spanish before they came to America by the African slaves being brought into the European countries by Arab slave traders during Columbus’ lifetime. Therefore, we find that through race-mixing and mongrelization, the bacterial pathogen adapted to cause the then fatal venereal disease syphilis, which became prevalent throughout Europe by the introduction of African slaves to the continent and throughout the Americas after Columbus’ voyage. In America today, syphilis is less common than the highly prevalent gonorrhea, but it has steadily been gaining ground, once again through race-mixing, especially because of the undeniable fact that most individuals infected with any type of sexually transmitted disease are non-whites.
More Guns = Less Crime
by Mike Rose
Florida, 1987: An enacted law for concealed carry ... Floridians went from living in a state where they were 40% more likely to be murdered than the national average to being equal to or less than the national average. Coincidence? Come on, the murder rate declined because Puerto Ricans, Cubans, blackers, and other degenerates were thinking twice about what they were about to do. Do bullies go out of their way to find victims
who will respond by fighting back? How about putting themselves in a situation where they are almost certain to be killed? Question: How many robberies would take place if the would-be thieves knew that every single person in the bank or convenience store was armed just as they were, and some possibly better armed? Are they as apt to say, “Stick ‘em up” in a place where 20 people would simultaneously drop a bead on them in an instant or a place where nobody is armed? It doesn’t take a lot to figure it out. More guns = less crime.
If guns were outlawed the coppers and blackers and criminals will still be armed because they aren’t about to turn theirs in. The average law abiding citizen becomes nothing more than a target for any and all who would make them a victim. Most people who get a concealed handgun permit do not do it in order to go out and commit a crime with a gun. They do it for self protection. If they were going to commit crimes, why would they bother?
Research comparing crime rate trends in states with concealed carry laws and other areas without show incredibly strong support that the places with handgun permits have reduced crime rates, especially homicides. In Florida, after 315,000 permits were issued, there were only 5 instances of violent gun crime by someone who had a permit. This shows gun-toting, permit-carrying Floridians to be 840 times less likely to commit a violent crime with a firearm than a randomly selected Floridian without one. These figures speak for themselves. Considering the fact that police departments claim that they cannot stop the majority of violent crimes when in progress, even those committed in public places, then anyone with any sense at all is going to automatically understand that if they are going to have any protection then they have only themselves to look to as the source of it.
Here are some statistics from the State of Tennessee, which in recent years began to issue concealed handgun carry permits. These are crime index rates per 100,000. In 1993, the murder rate was 10.2. It dropped to 8.5 by 1998. I might add that was equal to the rate for murder per 100,000 all the way back to 1960. Take a solemn look at these other numbers:
www.nationalistfreepress.com
1993	1998
Violent crime	765.8	dropped to	715.0
Forcible rape	49.9	dropped to	45.8
Aggravated assault 485.5	dropped to	482.8
Burglary	1183	dropped to	1076
Vehicle theft	591.0	dropped to	517.4
Robbery	220.1	dropped to	178
All these rates came down even though a massive influx of negroes, northern Jews, and Mexicans (most of whom are not even enumerated in these statistics) significantly helped bring the population figures up from
5.099.000	to 5,431,000. When you tally in the stratospheric crime rates brought in from outside by these immigrants, then you begin to visualize just how much the actual crime rates came down among indigenous Tennesseeans, so much that it was still enough to offset the incoming plague and bring down the overall crime rate!
Consider the alternative: In Australia, they enacted a gun surrender law. After
640.000	personal firearms were turned in and supposedly destroyed by the government, assaults are up 8.4%, homicides have increased by 3.2%, and the increase in armed robberies is up an alarming 44%. Think about it.
Algerian Freedom Fighter Detained For Bold Counterterrorist Act
by Francis Marion
A twenty-seven year old Algerian man whose name has not yet been released to the media is suspected to be the man who stabbed an Orthodox Jew theology student over twenty times on a bus ride in North London recently. The Jew is listed in serious condition.
Unfortunately for the Freedom Fighter, he was unable to elude the police after his brave action. It is known that he walked away from the bus afterwards with a limp. Apparently working alone with no getaway car waiting for him, he was obviously at high risk of arrest. Nonetheless, he was selfless enough to realize that the success of his mission was more important than his own fate.
Decent people the world over applaud his noble action against Zionism. As a result of the stabbing incident, Jewish women in the
Stamford Hill neighborhood have stopped riding the buses. How nice it must be to at least have even a brief respite from the presence of obnoxious, hateful Jewish women when riding a bus in North London!
The alleged homosexual Jew, whose name is David Myers, now knows that it doesn’t pay to accost dedicated Mohammedans.
Another Brave Attack Against Zionist Oppression
by Francis Marion
On October 10, 2000, Freedom Fighters placed a “large container of flammable liquid” inside the building that housed the town’s synagogue in Trappes, France. The synagogue was destroyed in the blaze that followed. This was the first synagogue destroyed in France since the 1940*s, which shows vividly how little retaliation has been levied against Zionism in France or elsewhere.
In a brazen lie so typical of Zionism, Michael Mimouni, president of the “Jewish” congregation in this suburb southwest of Paris, said, “It’s always against the Jews that such things happen.” One wonders how many of the good folk in the United States believe that, after dozens of churches in this country were burned to the ground a few years ago? (Of course, many of these were usually burned by insurance-seeking blacks, a fact that has been suppressed not only by Jewspapers but by investigating departments as well. Another interesting fact is that more white churches were legitimately burned that same year - also covered-up by the media.)
Ninety so-called “anti-Semitic” acts have been registered across France during past weeks of violence in the Middle East. Two things should be understood about this statement. First, of course, the “Jews” are not Semites. They have identified themselves as Edomites in their own scholarly reference books. Secondly, it is well-known that most of the so-called acts of vandalism against synagogues, especially in this country, are performed by Zionists themselves in an attempt to garner sympathy from white Americans.
www.nationalistfreepress.com
Nationalist Free Press
Anniversary of the Australian Federation
by Ben Kolder
January, 2001, marked the 100th anniversary of the Federation of Australia. Prior to then, Australia had no Federal Government. We were a collection of British colonies. There were no Australian citizens; we were all British subjects.
One of the first tasks of the new Federal Government was to pass a law which enshrined the ideal of a white Australia. In 1901, all sides of politics and all the states agreed that immigration from Asian countries should be prohibited.
Prior to World War II, most Australians were of Anglo-Saxon or Irish descent. There were other Australians of German and Scandinavian descent as well. After World War II, a lot of immigrants came to Australia from other European countries such as Italy, Greece, the Baltic States, and Central and Eastern Europe. As trade increased between Australia and Asian countries, our traitorous politicians started to get embarrassed of the White Australia Policy by pressure from American Jews, and by the mid-1960’s, the White Australia Policy melted away.
It is really funny how Australians are made to feel embarrassed about having a White Australia Policy when the people of countries such as Japan, China, and Korea only have their own races in their countries.
So, the face of Australia has changed considerably since the Federation 100 years ago, and the number of non-whites has increased exceedingly since the Whitlam Labor Government of the early 1970’s. Some areas of our major cities have changed from a composition of white Europeans to a completely “multi-cultural*’ mix. An example of this is Bankstown, a southwest suburb of Sydney. There was a film made in Bankstown in the mid-1970’s called “The FJ Holden.” Bankstown was a white, working class suburb. This film was a dramatization of the life of everyday, white, working class families living in the area, and shows the shopping center of Bankstown. There are no non-whites in the film. If you go to the Bankstown shopping center today, you would think you were in a completely different world. Sometimes I go
there and play “spot the whitey”. There’s heaps of everything from rust yellow to sewer-treatment brown.
Well, is there any solution to this problem? As a concerned white Australian, is there anything you can do to save your country? The answer is, Yes. We can take our country back. We can replace our liars and traitors with godly leaders. It’s your choice if you want to save your country or not. Remember the men who died at Kokoda to save our country from the Japanese invasion. Are we less men than they were?
Contact the Australian Office of the Christian Separatist Church Society at the address below for more information:
CSCS, POB 385 Gymea, NSW 2227 Australia
Email: cratchk@ozemail.com.au
Free Booklets by Dr. V.S. Herrell Available in Australia:
Residents of Australia can obtain free copies of the eye-opening books on racial and biblical truth. The Sixth Law of God and The History of the Bible, by sending three 45 cent stamps to the Australian National Office of the Christian Separatist Church Society. Residents of New Zealand are also eligible for this offer; however, they must send two international reply coupons. IJhis offer is available only while supplies last.
Catalog/Subscriptions/Letters
The Nationalist Free Press (NFP) is published monthly. The current subscription rate is US$25.00 per year mailed to US addresses only. Please write for foreign subscription rates. Also, write for a current catalog.
Please address subscriptions and other enqui-ries/letters to:
/	NFP	^
P.O. Box 705 Dandridge, TN 37725
(Payment is accepted in the form of cash, check, or money order, made payable in US funds to NFP).