LI *	1	1	\/\f	L\	\	/
i v/ l\ly V VI V V i
The Euro-American racialist update P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 a hassinger@yahoo.com Price $2


voLI issue 5
August 10, 2003
Swiss Youth Extremist
Drawn To Politics
The Fight Goes On Volk Uber
20/7/2003 - Swiss youths seem to be increasingly turning to violence to express their political views. Experts say the trend is linked to growing frustration among youngsters who feel excluded from mainstream politics and society. This year has seen a series of pitched street battles between left- and right-wing extremists, as well as violent demonstrations targeted at the G-8 summit on Lake Geneva in June; and February's World Economic Forum (WEF) summit in Davos. Many Swiss, accustomed to consensual style politics and peaceful protests, have been horrified at the apparent readiness of young people to turn to violence to express their dissatisfaction with the establishment. The year started with images of "anti-globalisation activists" rampaging through Bern after the WEF summit. Similar scenes were splashed across television screens in June as members of the "Black Block" set fire to and destroyed a number of businesses in Geneva and Lausanne. Towns across much of the country have also seen street battles between rival gangs -- in French speaking Yverdon last month, a far-right extremist was murdered during a street fight. And several towns in German speaking Switzerland have been shaken by pitched battles between neo-Nazi skinheads and antifascist militants.
Frustrated
"The extremists on both sides are frustrated by a society which constantly invokes the values of youth, but which, in practice, is finding it increasingly difficult to integrate young people professionally and socially," says Dominique Gros, a
Alles
Swiss Youth Will Decide Their Future
sociologist at the Geneva educational research department. (Experts say youngsters who exper society and its institutional framework.) They differ, though, in the way they choose to vent their frustration. Sociologists say that skinheads and extreme-right political organisations tend to attack individuals or groups of individuals. The nationalists of the "Avant Garde" movement, for instance, rail against "stateless" capitalism and pillory Jewish businessmen, the "red and anti-racist puppets" and immigrants from overseas.
Symbols under attack On the extreme left, the main targets are institutions or symbols of the system. These include the small businesses sacked by the members of Black Block. "In the 1960s, the Situationists were already claiming that the tearaway smashing of a shop window was the 'ne plus ultra'
[embodiment] of protest", recalls Dominique Gros. He says many extreme-left organisations obviously look back to their Marxist, Leninist or Guevarist roots. "But that is an idealised or romantic point of view." A long-time adherent of the anarchist cause, Aristides Pedrazza, believes that: "Most of these neo-Leninist movements reject the military and totalitarian character of historical communism." This view is confirmed by 28-year-old Laurent Tettamenti, founder of "Les communistes", a movement which is beginning to gain ground in French speaking Switzerland. "We cannot identify with the existing extreme left organisations. The way they work internally leads to sectarianism and the same people always control everything."
Rural and urban
Clashes between left- and right-wing extremists tend to be more about controlling territory. Hans Stutz, a specialist on the extreme right in Switzerland, says the main point of clashes in urban centres like Bern, Winterthur or Frauenfeld "is to achieve control of the streets". Such violence is less of a problem in Zurich and Basel, he adds, because there "the struggle has [already] been won by the extreme left". Like mainstream political organisations, the extremists ience this sense of exclusion --whether on the extreme left or right -typically react by rejecting have their powerbases in certain areas. "The skinheads recruit mainly in country areas and rural settlements. The extreme left, on the other hand, enlists its followers mainly in the big towns," notes Dominique Gros. Stutz agrees: "The neo-fascists have managed to establish themselves in areas where the population is mainly conservative and nationalist."
Mainstream effects In Gros's view the extreme left is better placed to win support in Switzerland because the rhetoric of the right-wing Swiss People's Party --one of the four in government — tends to attract many youngsters. "On the right, the populist People's party is adopting some of the xenophobic ideas of the extreme right," he notes. "It is also becoming very critical of the government and the rest of the political class". The situation is different on the left, where the Social Democrats - also in government --hesitate to play an opposition role. "Young people with radical ideas find it hard to see any difference between the Social Democrats and the parties of the centre right," observes Gros. "For ten years or so, we have been witnessing the birth of a social movement. But it is developing as an anti-globalisation force, apart from the traditional left."
©NZZ Online
Don't Support Delayer:. Support Nordwave!
- 2 -
Kalingrad Jewish Officials Accused Of Selling Enclave Militant Orthodox Threaten Action
7/28/2003 A number of politicians in Russia's westernmost enclave of Kalnin-grad have received letters with threats of anti-Semitic character. The news was reported on Thursday by Solomon Ginzburg, a deputy of the regional legislature and a member of the rightist party SPS.
He said that the letters accused the Region's governor Vladimir Yegorov, chairman of the regional Duma Vladimir Nikitin and a number of other officials, politicians and businessmen of "selling the region in bulk and by piece" and also in seizing the power in the region. Then, the authors warned the regional officials that if the latter do not resign before September, "Unit A of the Orthodox Christian Martial Brotherhood" would be given orders to physically destroy the people of the Jewish nationality and their collaborators. Gateway2Russia.com
ed. The Kaliningrad province, [named after a communist party boss Kalinin] was an integral part of the Third Reich, better known as East Prussia. At the present East Prussia is divided between the Russian Federation and Poland.
y White Unity Rally
The N.S.M., will be sponsoring a White Unity Rally on the steps of The State Capitol of Indiana, in Indianapolis, on Sunday Aug.24 from 1:00-3:00 pm.
NSM/World HQ P.O. Box 580669 Minneapolis, MN. 55458 U.S.A.
# 651-659-6307 nsmcommander@hotmail.com
NORDWAVE
Nordwave is published monthly. Single issue - $2, yearly subscription
-	[12 issues] $20. Outside US: single issue - $2,
yearly subscription
-	[12 issues] $25 Please send US dollars, check or M.O. made out to "CASH" or
"Alex Hassinger. " All subscriptions are considered donations.
Prisoners rates are: [3] - 37 Cent stamps for a single issue, we are not responsible for rejected mailings.
One Nation Leader In Fraud Case
7/19/2003 Sydney, Australia - Pauline Hanson, the former leader of Australia's far-right One Nation party, appeared in court yesterday charged with fraud in connection with her all but defunct party. She pleaded not guilty to charges of defrauding Queensland's electoral commission when One Nation was registered. Ms Hanson, whose tirades against immigrants and Aborigines made her an unmistakable figure in Australian politics in the late 1990s, has been embroiled in legal problems since she lost her parliamentary seat in 1998. Her party has since been involved in a bitter split, and along with her co-accused, One Nation director David Ettridge, her only support yesterday came from 20 protesters outside the court.
Within months of her election to the Canberra parliament in 1996 Ms Hanson was seen as a rising force. Interest peaked when One Nation polled 8% of the national vote in elections in 1998, in the same poll in which Ms Hanson lost her seat. Despite the interest, the party soon imploded in in-fighting. In April, Ms Hanson's political hopes were dashed when she was denied a place in the New South Wales upper house. The state's proportional representation system should have made a seat for her a certainty, but she was beaten by a gun ownership lobby, the Shooters party.
The Guardian
Schwarzenegger Forced To Give $5 Million to Jews Actor Must Learn Hebrew To Run For Governor
7/19/2003 Schwarzenegger, sometime iron-pumper and latter-day Hollywood entity (one would hardly say "Thespian") has decided he wants to be governor of California, but certain parties have discerned an obstacle - that his father Gustav, in his youth, was a Sturmabteilungs-mann (Nazi Brownshirt).
Oh dear - how to rectify this difficulty? Arnold did what all the super- rich do in such circumstances: he threw money at it. More specifically, he threw the money at the Simon Wiesenthal Centre. In addition, he put it about that he was in the process of learning Hebrew.
I'm puzzled as to why Schwarze-
negger would be studying Hebrew, when to my ear, his English is in need of so much attention. Mind you, hearing George Bush speak has made me realise that in the US, being articulate in English is no requirement for high public office.
Oh, and the amount he threw at the SWC? — five million. Quite obviously lacks a sense of symbolism.
Focal Point Press
Website Launches Database Of Rabbi Criminals, Down With Jewish Crime Epidemic
7/16/2003 The website JewsToIslam.com, a site for Jews who have converted to the Muslim faith, has launched a online database of criminal Rabbis in an attempt to expose what they are calling "the Rabbinical crime epidemic."
While Jewish owned newspapers, such as the Boston Globe, owned by the Jewish Sulzeberger family, have reported on incidents of crimes, particularly sex crimes, by Catholic priests, this is the first project to report on the deep and permeatingly permissive attitude towards crime and particularly child sex abuse among Jewish Rabbis. Many of the Jewish Rabbis profiled have been accused, indicted or convicted of molesting children. The database includes a picture, where possible, text of news stories, and personal information on the Rabbis.
LSN
Race Riots In Hull
7/29/2003 Hull, England -Twelve were arrested in race riots that broke out in Hull, England on Saturday after whites who have lived in England for thousands of years ran an Iraqi asylum seeker over with their cars. Members of the Iraqi community decided the incident was deliberate, and armed conflict between men wielding knives, pipes and baseball bats broke out.
The violence mirrored violence that has recently occurred in Wrekham, North Wales, where armed whites have used violence to drive Kurdish immigrants who were committing crimes from their town. In the Hull incident, twelve men were arrested and the rioting was quickly suppressed. The Hull incident came days after a Somali asylum seeker was murdered.
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 3 -
Racial violence, motivated by the socialist Labour government's open immigration policies, has torn England and led to nation-wide violence and civil unrest, as whites whose families have occupied the island, since, in some cases, as early as 1000 BC, have resisted invasion from African and Middle Eastern immigrants.
LSN
Upson's Dream World: 'White Water Fountains, Black Water Fountains' Race Could Become An Issue In The November Municipal Elections
by Adam Grachnik
711/2003 In Donna Upson's ideal world, different races would live in segregation, eating and drinking at separate locations - and they definitely wouldn't marry. "I believe you should associate with blacks, but you shouldn't live in the same neighbourhoods," the 25-year-old woman, one of five candidates vying for the job as mayor of Ottawa in the November municipal election, told the Citizen yesterday
"You shouldn't date each other. That's what segregation is. "White water fountains, black water fountains, white restaurants, black restaurants, that would be good if we could do that again. That's just a dream, but it would never happen."
The Toronto-born Ms. Upson spelled out her views in an interview with the Citizen. Those views, in the light of recent comments made by Councillor Jan Harder, who blamed violence in Barrhaven on non-whites entering into the area, could make race an issue in the election.
Ms. Upson said she will only discuss race in her campaign if the other candidates bring it up. But she said she thinks Ms. Harder is on the mark. "I didn't read her comments, but she's not far off there. Basically blacks are more aggressive than whites, it's been proven," said Ms. Upson, who spent several months in a Toronto jail, once in 1997 and again in 1999, for assault.
"I'm not saying whites are not aggressive - look at me, I've got assault charges. But 90 per cent of blacks are more aggressive and only five per cent of whites are aggressive, it's been proven." "Some races are better in some things than other
races," she said. "It's not the Jews I have a problem with, it's the Zionists."
Yesterday, Ms. Upson acknowledged she has received campaign money from supporters of both the Ku Klux Klan and the National Socialist Movement, an organization, which on its Web site, shows swastikas and says it is dedicated to the preservation of a proud Aryan heritage She wouldn't disclose how much money she has raised, but said that it is supporters of both those organization who have donated money to her, not the organizations themselves.
"I believe in what they're doing. I believe that what they're doing is noble," she said, adding: "I don't agree with the ones who go around beating people up." Ms. Upson was sentenced to two years in a federal prison for threatening to kill the pastor of predominantly black congregation in Dartmouth, N.S., but was released after serving 13 months following a successful appeal. She said she has set up a Canadian branch of the National Socialist Movement. Ms. Upson said she started to develop her views on race when she was 17 or 18 - for no specific reasons. Ms. Upson, who calls herself a Christian patriot, said that if elected mayor she would ease the municipal tax burden by having churches do more of the work now being done by the city.
For example, she said churches -- or synagogues or mosques - could do more to feed the needy or even clean city streets. She said that in her ideal Ottawa, there would be safer and cleaner streets - especially in Vanier and the downtown core. She also said she wanted more sports for youths. She suggested building more skateboards parks, so young skateboarders would have a place to go. And she said she is in favour of having different languages on signs, as long as they are all also translated into English. Ms. Upson said that she is also a member of the Nationalist Party of Canada and that its leader, Don Andrews, paid her $200 to enter the mayoral race in Ottawa.
According to its Web site, the Nationalist Party of Canada was founded in 1977 in Toronto. Its main goals are the promotion and maintenance of European heritage and culture in Canada. Mr. Andrews is running for mayor of Toronto this fall. On his Web site, Mr. Andrews describes himself as a self-employed, 50-year resident of Toronto and a father of six children and talks -among other things - of the promotion of European heritage.
Blacks have a black history month. I
want a European heritage week, for the European people," said Ms. Upson. "Whites don't have one celebration for all white people."
Ms. Upson says she has lived in Ottawa for two years. She said she's in sales and makes her own crafts at home and sells them. When asked why she would be a better mayor than the incumbent, Bob Chiarelli, she said she hadn't done enough research to answer. But she said she wants people "to care more about what I can do for you and your city, than who I'm affiliated with. Regardless of your race, regardless of your religion, I want to help you."
Mitchell Bellman, executive director of the Jewish Community Council of Ottawa, said last night Ms. Upson's entry into the election must be treated cautiously. We have to be vigilant as a city that's she's not allowed to use the legitimate forms of debate in the mayoral race to spew hatred," he said, adding Ms. Upson should not be invited to the all-candidates' debate and, if she is, the other candidates should refuse to participate. "I'm hopeful that most people wouldn't vote for her anyway," said Rubin Friedman, an official with B'nai Brith Canada. "Everyone needs to know where she comes from and what her real attitudes are."
The Ottawa Citizen
African Cannibals Eat Child In England 21 Arrested From Nigerian Tribal Cult
7/29/2003 London, England - 21 Nigerian tribesmen who had been let into England by lax immigration controls have been arrested and charged with the ritualistic killing and cannibalistic eating of a young boy, who's remains were found in the Thames River. The 21 were involved in a "people trafficking" scam where they helped illegal African immigrants enter England. In particular, they were smuggling in children to participate in sex cult activites or so phony parents could claim them for welfare benefits.
The boy, between the age of 4 and 7, had been forced to eat magic powders consisting of ground bones before being killed and eaten. Animal skulls wrapped in strange substances were found in the area where murder, cannibalism, sex crime, and all around cruelty are commonplace in Africa, where the poorly developed Negro and Bantu peoples, many of whom suffer from a deficiency of
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 4 -
normal moral sense, constantly perpetrate cruelties against themselves and any other living beings who come under their control. In all of Africas constant tribal wars, the eating of members of the opposing tribe, as well as the most horrid acts of mutilation and violence, are common place.
Socialist groups and New World Order radicals, having noted the civilized nature of Europeans and their descendents, and being in the service of the "death force", have attempted to destroy white nations by importing barbaric peoples and rituals such as the kind seen above. As a result, many areas of white nations are not safe for the white people who have inhabited them for millenia.
LSN
Ernst Zundel's Life's In Danger: He Needs Your Help
Friends of free thought, Ernst Zundel really needs your ongoing help and support.
1.	Write, fax, or phone Hon. Robert Runciman, the Minister of Public Safety and Security. His ministry is in charge of the Metro West Detenmtion Centre, the prison which denies Mr. Zundel his anticancer medication and herbs. You can contact him thus:	Hon. Robert
Runciman, MPP, 16th Floor, 25 Grosvenor Street, Toronto, ON., M7A 1Y6, Canada; Ph: 416-327-9911; Fax: 416-327-3849.
2.	If you live abroad, write to the Canadian Embassy in your country and demand Zundel's release and humane treatment.
3.	If you live in southern Ontario and wish to visit, call ahead to Security: 416-675-1806 Ext. 4220. You must be on Zundel's approved list. You can also get directions, when you call.
4.	No matter where you live, why not send a card or letter to encourage Ernst Zundel. Write Prisoner Ernst Zundel, c/o Metro West Detention Centre, 111 Disco Road, Box 4950, Rexdale, ON., M9W 1M3. Ernst is overwhelmed by the hundreds of concerned and thoughtful people who have sent him letters and cards. A tip: don't use of stick-on return address label or seals. They're ripped off by prison authorities searching for, who knows what.
5.	We also need your financial support for Mr. Zundel's defence. We have a number of delicate colour-pencil sketches by Ernst Zundel done in prison. Each is dated and signed.
Each is a nature study. Mr. Zundel has long been a paint and sketch artist. He had returned to his love of art before the U.S. I.N.S picked him up and deported him. . If you send us a cheque for $100 or more, we'll send you one of these collector's items, a thank you sketch by political prisoner Ernst Zundel.
Mail your donation today to Cafe Box 332, Rexdale, ON., M9W 5L3, Canada or e-mail us your Visa number and expiry date. On your cheque or an accompanying piece of paper, note: "For Zundel Defence Fund."
Paul Fromm, Canadian Association For Free Expression, P.0. Box 332, Rexdale, ON., M9W 5L3 PH: 905-897-7221
"It can be established here that the greatest and most enduring successes in history tend, for the most part, to be those which in their beginnings found the least understanding" because they stood in sharpest conflict with general public opinion, with its ideas and its will."
Mein Kampf, 11:6/466 (HM edition)
Gay High School Public School To Open In Fall In NYC
8/7/2003 A small alternative public school program has been expanded into a full-fledged school for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender students. The Harvey Milk High School, an expansion of a 1984 city program consisting of two small classrooms for gay students, will enroll about 100 students and will open in the fall. "I think everybody feels that it's a good idea because some of the kids who are gays and lesbians have been constantly harassed and beaten in other schools," Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at a briefing today. "It lets them get an education without having to worry. It solves a discipline problem. And from
a pedagogical point of view, this administration — and previous administrations — have thought it was a good idea and we'll continue with that." The school, at 2 Astor Place in the East Village, is undergoing a $3.2 million renovation approved by the old Board of Education last year. The Hetrick-Martin Institute, a gay-rights youth advocacy group that has managed and financed the program since its inception, has hired William Salzman as principal of the new school. Salzman is a former Wall Street executive who most recently served as assistant principal of guidance and business at Brooklyn's Automotive High School. Salzman told the New York Post in today's editions that the school will be academically challenging and will follow Schools Chancellor Joel Klein's mandatory English and math programs. It also will specialize in computer technology, arts and culinary arts.
Program Draws Some Criticism State Conservative Party Chairman Mike Long criticized the creation of the school. "Is there a different way to teach homosexuals? Is there gay math? This is wrong," Long told the Post. "There's no reason these children should be treated separately." On its Web site, the Hetrick-Martin Institute describes the Harvey Milk School as "the nation's first accredited public high school designed to meet the needs of gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and questioning youth (LGBTQ)." It says the school "offers LGBTQ youth an opportunity to obtain a secondary education in a safe and supportive environment. ... We believe that success requires the ability to respect and value the diverse human community." The school is named after San Francisco's first openly gay city supervisor, Harvey Milk, who was assassinated in 1978 along with Mayor George Moscone.
©Associated Press
Russian Skinheads On Trial For 'Racist' Murder
28/7/2003 Twelve Russian skinheads have gone on trial in the southern city of Rostov accused of beating three people to death in unprovoked racist attacks. The victims, from the Central Asian republics of Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, were attacked with metal bars. Five of the suspects are juveniles. Prosecutors say the attacks, which took place in the city of Volgograd last October, had no motive. The three men died without regaining consciousness. The trial is being held behind closed doors. Russia has up to 15,000 skinheads, says the
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 5 -
Interior Ministry, up to 5,000 of them in Moscow. Neo-Nazi groups in Russia have frequently targeted people from Central Asia and the Caucasus, as well as immigrants from Africa and East Asia. Moscow markets, where many traders are non-Russians, have been the target of previous attacks. In 2001, three people died and others were injured as skinheads rampaged through the markets. Five people were later convicted of carrying out the racist attack. There has been an increase in racist attacks since Russian troops went back into the Caucasus republic of Chechnya in 1999, highlighting the danger posed by extremists and neo-Nazi groups, correspondents say. People of Caucasian origin [ed. read from Caucasus region] often claim they are not protected by the authorities. It is common to see darker-skinned people being stopped by the police in Moscow and having their documents checked, correspondents say.
©BBC News
Neo-Nazi Publishes A List Of Enemies
A
8/7/2003 A neo-fascist radical group NS Slovensko published on its website a list of 28 young Slovaks whom they consider "enemies of the white race." The neo-nazi group calls on skinheads to attack the listed people anywhere they can find them.
They write that the skinheads can train on the "enemies", learning how to track and monitor people. The list even features some addresses and other data, too.
Lawyer Toma§ Kamanec thinks that the list is very dangerous and publishing it can be defined a crime as its authors openly call for crimes to be committed, daily Pravda reported. The Slovak Spectator
Bank Apologizes For Citing Hitler
by Tammy Chase
A
Glenview State Bank executives apologized to Jewish people on the bank's web site, after a bank newsletter to customers praised Adolf Hitler as an economic leader of the 1930s.
"We sincerely apologize for this error. We did not intend to offend anyone. Please forgive us for this mistake," the 83-year old suburban bank said. It said it received "many" letters and phone calls from upset people. The
apology came after the Chicago chapter of the Anti-Defamation League started getting complaints about bank's July newsletter and the bank president's depiction of Hitler as an economic leader - arguments that the author, who is the bank president, compared to the performance of today's U.S. economy.
The bank pulled the web site version of the newsletter Tuesday morning after the league said people had contacted the group to complain. Anti-Defamation League regional director Richard Hirschhaut said he requested the apologyduring a conversation he had Tuesday with the bank's main owners, which include bank holding company Chairman and Chief Executive John Jones and bank President Raub.
"Hitler's economic policies cannot be divorced from his great policies of virulent anti-Semitism, racism and genocide," Hirschhaut wrote in a letter to the bank. "There are really no circumstances under which Hitler should be held as a good model." In the 1,500 word newsletter, Raub talks of how Hitler was the only major leader during the 1930s who successfully resuscitated his country's economy when others such as President Franklin Roosevelt could not, and "led German workers to work harder than anyone else in Europe." "The Great Depression of the 1930's saw falling prices, staggering unemployment and shattered stock markets all over the world, and the world's leading statesmen seemed helpless to defeat it. Except for one," the newsletter reads. "His name was Adolf Hitler. Unlike France and Britain, and unlike the United States, Germany spent most of the 1930's growing economically, not declining. If we can understand why Depression era Germany resisted the disease, we may better understand how alarmed we should be today in the 21 st century." Raub said Hitler avoided deflation unlike other European nations and reduced unemployment.
The point of the newsletter? Glenview's investment managers are confident, "and that's why we're buying and holding our favorite long term growth stocks," the newsletter ends. In an interview, Raub said he's written monthly newsletters for 15 years, and always seeks to apply examples of economy history to current events. His July newsletter, he said, "was a miserable failure." The bank also apologized for a remark Raub made regarding Palestine. In the newsletter, he said "America is showing that it stands for something more than its most narrow self-intrest by taking on thankless jobs in Palestine, Africa and Iraq."
The bank's apology and the Anti-Defamation League's letter are posted at www.gsb.com.
Sherman Austin Convicted Of Terrorism For Publishing Bomb Information, Receives One Year Sentence Under Patriot Act
A
8/7/2003 Los Angeles, California - Sherman Austin, webmaster of the site raisethefist.com, was convicted yesterday of publishing information on the manufacture of explosives with the intent that such information be used in the commission of a crime.
Breaking a plea bargain deal that had been made with prosecutors, Judge Stephen Wilson increased Austin's sentence from an agreed upon four months to one year, and sentenced him to three years of probation following release, as well as a $2000 fine.
Austin had published information regarding the manufacture of Molotov Cocktails in the context of a tract encouraging readers of his website to use Molotov Cocktails against police at the World Economic Forum demonstrations.
LSN
This year, our economy has been beaten up by war, sluggish auto sales and stagnant business spending, Raub said. Yet consumers keep spending money, and the stock market has gone up, a sign that confidence is up in America. He suggests that confidence remains high because American companies "moved very, very quickly to fix their problems after the 'bubble' burst in the year 2000" and because taxes are falling.
Panzerfaust Internet Radio Show
8/7/2003 Currently featured is the 8-6-03 broadcast "Racist Weather: Hurricoons and Tornegroes". Apparently civil rights groups are tired	of hurricanes and tropical
storms being given names that sound "too white", and are insisting that bad weather	Cont	on	page	6
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A


The Euro-American racialist update P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 a hassinger@yahoo.com Price $2
Don't Be A Sympathizer, Be A Comrade!
Be a part of a growing racialist network, become Nordwave's official supporter, here is how: Send us movement related news -Subscribe to Nordwave's newsletter - Send us your feedback - Support Nordwave's activities (Folk Fest, rallies etc) - Organize on the local level.
Official, Nordwave supporter golf shirts available. Black with a silver logo, 100% cotton, sizes: M, L, XL. Only $25 + $5 S&H. International orders: add extra $5 for S&H. Send your donation (M.O., checks) payable to: Alex Hassinger P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, FL 33466 U.S.A
WE ARE LOOKING FOR A FEW
GOOD GOYIM
YOU TOO CAN DIE
IN THE JEW INSTIGATED WARS!
Advertisement paid by the Orthodox Union of Rabbis
"We National Socialists must never under any circumstances join in the usual hurrah-patriotism of our present bourgeois world."
Mein Kampf, 11:14 /p. 648 (HM edition)
Cont from page 5
(Panzerfaust Internet Radio Show)
be given more ethnic names in a questionable effort to raise
the self esteem of minorities. Also discussed is the issue of
Jews complaining about storm naming, as well as American
Indians complaining about the naming of sports teams.
Also featured is the 8-07-03 show, which delves into the case of the White Arkansas official fired for e-mailing a "racist poem," while New Jersey is officially paying a Black "poet" $10,000 a year for writing (anti-White) poetry. P.I.R. has recently put up a page of archives of current and past broadcasts at:
www.panzerfaust.com/radio/archives.htm
Obituaries
Colonel Jack Mohr, 87, of North Little Rock, passed away Thursday, July 17, 2003. He was a retired Lt. Colonel with the U.S. Army and was one of the top 10 most decorated men in the Korean War. He was of the Protestant faith, attended Moody Bible Institute in Chicago, and was a Lay evangelist for the last 40 years.He is survived by his son, Ike and wife, Sandra Mohr, of North Little Rock; grandchildren, Russell and Katie Mohr of St. Louis, Mo., and Amanda Mohr, of North Little Rock.
Hiram Edward "Dan" Daniels, the retired lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army who resigned as Polk County sheriff in 1987 after a tumultuous two years in office, died Friday after a long illness. He was 76. Although the cause of death was not immediately known, Daniels had told reporters he'd been battling cancer. Shortly after taking office on Jan. 8 1985, Daniels was criticized for hiring two sergeants with previous ties to the Ku Klux Klan. In the years after he left office, Daniels published a pro-white political newsletter known as "The Eagle" and kept a recorded telephone hot line.
Don't Support Delayers. Support Nordwave!