RDV\
The Euro-American racialist update PO. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 a_hassinger@yahoo.com Price $2
vol.3 issue 21
February 10, 2005
Recruiting Teenagers As War Fodder Sign Here, Kid
by Mike Ferner
He trolled for teenagers in North Carolina high schools, barked orders at recruits in boot camp, and pulled charred civilian corpses out of cars in Iraq. Now Jimmy Massey is making good on his promise to tell the whole world what he learned as a Marine.For the first 10 years, Massey loved being in the USMC. With a quick mind and an easy manner, he and his superiors knew he'd make a great recruiter. And by the luck of the draw, he was assigned to the area around Asheville, N.C., not far from where he grew up.
"It was an advantage being a recruiter in this area. I understand the mentality of mountain people. When we'd talk about topics like the economy and industry around here, I knew what people were talking about. And too, people here usually don't open up to strangers."
Contrary to what some believe, Marine Corps recruiters don't get paid commissions for going over quota, the 32-year-old former staff sergeant explained. "My monthly quota was three in the summer and two in the winter. You could get five one month but still go from hero to zero next month when you started over again."
Recruiters are, however, "one of only three Military Occupational Specialties (MOS) in the Marines that get Special Duty Assignment (SDA) pay - an extra $475 a month when I was in - to offset the higher cost of living when you're a
Homecoming... is not what you would expect.
recruiter," he said. "An E-5 recruiter would make about $1,500 every two weeks including SDA pay. But being a recruiter is expensive. There's extra costs. When you're a recruiter, you've got to play the part."
Bling, Promises, and the "Moment of Truth"
"For example, you have to have a nice car - you can't go rolling down the street in some old family wagon. You can't be sittin' there Cont. on page 2
Hate Mongering?
1/29/2005 - A Florida resident who runs a website which allows people to report violations of immigration law is being accused of fomenting racial hatred, reports KVOA-TV in Tuscon, AZ. Florida resident David Caulkett runs the reportillegals.com site. It allows viewers to report what they think might be violators, information that is then passed on to the appropriate legal authorities.
Caulkett says he created it because, "I became rather upset about the non enforcement of immigration laws." But Jesus Romo, a Tucson civil rights attorney and activist, says the site "promotes hatred" and is racist. Tongue Tied
More Freaking Out About That Flag
1/29/2005 -- A columnist for the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review says a man in Pennsylvania has no right to fly a Confederate flag in the back window of his private vehicle because it is an “an in-your-face expression of support for a white supremacist regime.” Columnist Mike Seate says the construction worker’s display is “a cowardly way of intimidating blacks, a means of saying ‘You were better off as slaves.'"
Seate admits that employers have no legal authority over how employees choose to decorate their personal vehicles, but clearly hopes that by browbeating the company with his column, Acorn Hill Contracting, he can intimidate the man into removing the display. Tongue Tied
Can't Win for Trying
1/29/2005 — Slavery reparations activists are decrying as “ludicrous” an offer by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to create a $5 million scholarship fund for African-American students in Louisiana to atone for the fact that its predecessor bank accepted slaves as loan collateral nearly 200 years ago when the practice was legal, reports the Chicago Sun-Times. Conrad Worrill, chairman of the National Black United Front, called the offer “insulting” and a “a joke.” Tongue Tied
In the age of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
- 2 -
Cont. from page 1
[Recruiting Teenagers As War
Fodder Sign Here, Kid]
talking to a kid about financial stability and driving an old Ford Ranger. That just don't get it!" He said he drove a Mustang for his personal car, and Army recruiters he knew drove "decked-out Expeditions with 20-inch rims. You have to have a little 'bling' [gold, jewelry, etc.] on you that kind of thing. I made sure I always dressed nice when I was off duty. You gotta play the part. Young kids are really materialistic minded."
Then there's the everyday expenses of recruiting, "like taking a guy to Hooters for some wings. The government gives me a credit card, but it's in my name and the bill comes to me. I have to pay it and then get reimbursed." Often the biggest enticement a recruiter can offer young men and women trying to escape poverty is the promise of job training, even more appealing when it's for a MOS in data systems, aircraft electronics, aircraft crew chief, or other sought-after specialties. But as Massey acknowledged, "The Marine Corps can guarantee you a job all day long, but that doesn't mean you're going to actually get it."
A common way to swindle recruits out of promised jobs is the "Moment of Truth" exercise in boot
NORDWAVE
The Euro-American racialist update Icon: StaffetenlSufer by Karl Albiker
Editor and Coordinator -A.G. Hassinger . Geopolitical Adviser - P.P. Volkov Staff Writer - James Bonney Central European Correspondent -Claudius Stahlkopf Circulation Manager - John Eagleton
Nordwave is a monthly publication. Single issue - $2, Yearly subscription [12 issues] - $20 Outside US: single issue $2, yearly subscription - $25 Please send US dollars, check or M.O. made out to "Nordwave."
Prisoners rates are as follow: [3] - 37 Cent stamps for a single issue, we are not responsible for rejected mailings.!
If you would like to become Nordwave's associate or correspondent, please contact the editor at: a_hassinger@yahoo.com or write to P.O.Box 5901 Lake Worth,
FL 33466 U.S.A
camp. New recruits are taken to a room where their Dl [drill instructor] tells them to "really think about it" and see if they've lied while enlisting or filling out their application.
"They'll ask the recruits if they lied about things like ever having smoked grass, or maybe how many times they've smoked, and ask them to raise their hands if they've lied any time in the recruiting process," Massey said. When the hands go up, the Dl looks at them and says, "Listen. This is what's gonna happen now. You lied to us. You can either quit in disgrace now, or since you signed a contract to be a Marine, you can stay in, but we're not going to let you have the job you asked for."
"Investigations" and Private Eyes
"There's a whole network within the community to enable recruiters to make their quotas - the sheriff's department, police department, schools all the way up to the local congressional office." Massey recalled that at one point,
"There was a congressional investigation brought up against me. I enlisted someone who was handicapped. I should have been in deep sh*t, but the Marine Corps swept it under the rug by stating that the kid had fraudulently enlisted. I got a call from Congressman Charles Taylor congratulating me on the work I had been doing, and he sent me an autographed picture."
"A recruiter is like a private eye," Massey said. "They know everything about the kids they're recruiting." For example, he learned the names of virtually every graduating high school senior in his seven-county district - about 1,000 youngsters annually in that largely rural area.
And high school students weren't the only people he got to know well. "We knew the names of the district attorneys [DAs] in every county and went to them to get certain charges reduced or dismissed on kids we were recruiting. We took flowers to the secretaries in the clerk of courts offices. The clerk of courts can make a lot of things appear and disappear. We got to know people working in hospital medical records so we could check out, say, if a certain kid had asthma or not. We'd ask other kids 'what about Johnny Smith?' to find out if he had problems or if he might be interested."
He explained the Marines' Systematic Recruiting method that includes use of a working file of Prospective Applicant Cards on which information is routinely entered. "I'd put all the information down that I knew maybe Johnny Smith had some problems with the law. That's when I'd go to the DA and ask if Johnny was salvageable. If he was, I'd tell the DA, 'well, I talked with Johnny and he's thinking of going into the Marine Corps.' More likely than not the response I got would be, 'Oh yeah? Well, that's just great!"'
Massey said three years as a recruiter taught him "the power of the English language."
"One way we used it was to identify 'tangible and intangible traits' in applicants. We would use cards with words printed on them, like 'self confidence,' or 'financial security' and ask an applicant to pick ones they were concerned about. That way, if a kid picks 'self confidence,' he's telling you he feels like he's lacking in self confidence and you can work him from that angle."
For potential recruits with a record of criminal convictions, Massey pointed out that, "Anything is pretty much waivable in the Marine Corps - even up to one felony."
Potentially life-threatening medical conditions were also waivable, according to Massey. "Johnny might come to see me his senior year and say, 'Sarge, I'm wondering if I might have something that might disqualify me I've got asthma.'"
"I'd ask him if he uses an inhaler. If he answered 'yes,' I'd tell him that if he controlled it with an inhaler then he really didn't have asthma. Then I'd tell him to give me 10 pushups. If he did that with no trouble, I'd say, 'See, you don't have asthma!'"
He described his time as a recruiter as progressively more and more difficult. By his last year at it, 2002, he was "tired of lying. I felt like I was close to a nervous breakdown from the stress. I started seeing a psychiatrist, was diagnosed with major depression and put on medication for it. I wrote a letter to my commanding officer about how Marine Corps recruiting should be changed to be more ethical. The Recruiter Instructor they sent out to monitor my efforts ended up telling me he thought it was Cont. on page 5
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
Inclusion Alert
- 3 -
THE BARNES REVIEW
Subscribe Now!
1-877-773-9077 Only $46/yr.
The Barnes Review 645 Pennsylvania Ave SE, Suite 100,
Washington D.C. 20003
barnesreview7@aol.com
barnesreview.org
1/26/2005 - A small town in Florida is re-examinging its city logo because the two Confederate soldiers and the Confederate flag they are holding on it is not “inclusive of all the citizens” in town, reports Hernando Today.
A city councilman in the town of Brooksville north of Tampa, Frankie Burnett, says the logo is racist because of the tiny flag in the center. The logo shows an American flag on one side and the state flag of Florida on the other. At the top of the logo is an eagle and at the bottom are two busts of Hernando Desoto and a Seminole Indian. In the middle are renderings of the county courthouse, a map of the state of Florida and two soldiers carrying the battle flag.
Tongue Tied
Nothing Else Matters
1/27/2005 - A Georgia school district’s plans to name a school in honor of a 19th-century governor are under attack because the man has been described as a secessionist, reports the Associated Press. The school board in Cherokee County wants to name the high school after Gov. Joseph Brown, who in addition to being governor of the state before the Civil War was a U.S. Senator and chief justice of the state supreme court. Brown was a teacher in the county at one point in his life. But some parents say naming the school after him would be racist because of his views on slavery. Tongue Tied
Israel Wants The NPD Banned
2/3/2005 - Politicians of the German Foreign Ministry demand the banning of the NPD, following Israel's urging. Due to the Israeli urging, German politicians of the Foreign Ministry want to work harder on a new judicial action to ban the NPD (National Democratic Party). Germany is getting an image problem if the impression gets a foothold abroad that Germany can't get rid of these right extremists," said Gernot Erler, deputy leader of the SPD-faction in the Bundestag to the "Berliner Zeitung". Erler demands a thorough checking of the chances for a new judicial action to ban the NPD. The vice-president of the German-
-Israeli-Parliamentarian Group in the Bundestag, Reinhold Robbe (SPD), said that the Israeli demand was indeed encouraging.
Final Conclict
Top US Marine General: 'It's Fun To Shoot People’
2/3/2005 San Diego, CA -At a panel discussion in San Diego Tuesday, a top Marine general tells an audience that, among other things, it is "fun to shoot some people." The comment, made by Lt. Gen. James Mattis, came in reference to fighting insurgents in Iraq. He went on to say, "Actually, its a lot of fun to fight.You know, it's a hell of a hoot. I like brawling." "You go into Afghanistan, you got guys who slap women around for 5 years because they didn't wear a veil," Mattis continued. "You know, guys likethat ain't got no manhood left anyway. So it's a hell of a lot of fun to shoot them." About 200 people gathered for the discussion, held at the San Diego Convention Center. While many military members laughed at the comments, a military expert interviewed by NBC 7/39 called the comments "flippant."
"I was a little surprised," said Retired Vice Adm. Edward H. Martin. "I don't think any of us who have ever fought in wars liked to kill anybody." Mattis also discussed operational tactics of the war, calling on military members not to underestimate the capacity of terrorists. Mattis leads Camp Pendleton's 1st Marine Division in Iraq. He is in charge of the Marine Corps combat development and is based in Quantico, Va.
NBC San Diego
EU Set For Nazi Symbol Ban
by Bruno Waterfield
Europe’s justice ministers are set to debate an EU ban on Nazi symbols on February 24. European | Commission officials say that restrictions under a EU legal framework to fight racism will not be a blanket ban. Proposals are likely to extend measures against inciting racial hatred, such as distributing inflammatory leaflets, to include symbols such as the swastika.
“A general legal framework will leave to member states restrictions on certain uses of Nazi symbols such as the swastika,” a commission official told EUpolitix.“There are other artistic or pedagogic reasons why a ban on Nazi symbols should not be total." The latest ban call came after a UK Royal was photographed wearing a Nazi style uniform at a fancy dress party. And, officials emphasise that such a trivial incident should not distract from the fight against racism. “It is more important to fight ideas in the minds of citizens," said a commission official.
EU justice chief Franco Frattini has rejected calls from some MEPs for a ban to be extended to communist or Soviet symbols. Frattini accepts that symbols such as the hammer and sickle may offend millions of EU citizens in Eastern Europe but makes a legal distinction to Nazi icons. “He very much understands that Soviet type symbols may incite feelings which are just as negative as Nazi type symbols in the case of those who suffered under the
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 4 -
Jewish
Supremacism
by David Duke
Only $20 postpaid
Florida residents please add 6.5%
367 pages, hardback now available from:
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, FL 33466
second totalitarian regime of the 20th century,” said Frattini’s spokesman.
“He did at the same time state that you have to distinguish between Nazi symbols, which may remind people of racism, and xenophobia including Anti-Semitism, and other symbols." Frattini is backing a European Parliament debate on Soviet symbols but reminds MEPs that a swastika ban will be based on an existing EU legal framework to fight racism. EU officials are privately convinced that such an “extremely complex and difficult" debate is unlikely to bear legislative fruit. Symbols such as the hammer and sickle or red star may be banned in countries such as Hungary but are still symbols for active communist and socialist parties across Europe.
“This debate touches upon freedom of expression and we must proceed in a very careful manner," said one official. eupolitix.com
Putin And Auschwitz - The End Of Russian History?
By Veritas
The blizzard-swept jamboree at Auschwitz had more to do with political posturing than with any sincere expression of regret for what might have happened there 60 years ago. This is witnessed by the interminable procession of representatives from a gaggle of EU-aspirant states solemnly laying their candles in the snow.
Turkey was foremost among these, a country which, so far as I am aware, was neither a combatant in the Second World War nor was
affected by any of the racialist policies of the Third Reich. But to prove her irreproachable European credentials Turkey had to be there, along with other WW II nonbelligerents and neutrals such as Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and Sweden; and, of course all the rag-tag collection of Balkan entities and former Soviet republics. And Putin was playing the same game. He made a telling comment in his speech about how Auschwitz was an aberration in the history of "European progress and enlightenment". A Russian leader seemingly aligning himself with the European mainstream? Well, this is nothing new. Peter the Great and Catherine the Great also flirted with the ideals of European culture. Peter abandoned the native crudities of Moscow to build himself a magnificent new Western-style capital called St Petersburg, and he went on protracted tours of European cities to glean new ideas; while Catherine maintained a long correspondence with Voltaire and was an avid devotee - although a less than enthusiastic practitioner - of Enlightenment theories.
But in the 18th century these traits in Russian rulers signified little more than an egoistic dilettantism. Building fancy Italian-style palazzi to rival Versailles, or stocking your library with handsome leather-bound volumes of Rousseau and Voltaire to flatter your intellectual vanity was one thing; tempering your God-given autocratic powers with progressive Western notions was quite another. The serfs weren't liberated until a hundred years after Catherine's death, and even a modicum of democracy in Russia had to wait until the 20th century.
But Putin is not an 18th century czar, and when he talks about czar, and when he talks about Russia and Europe he is not talking about a massive, monolithic, arrogantly self-confident empire confronting a
fragmented continent of quarrelsome nation states of widely varying power and wealth. In the early 21st century 'Czar' Putin's empire is a politically and territorially diminished, economically and socially shambolic shadow of its former self; while the new united Europe is a uniformly prosperous, steadily expanding and increasingly self-assured super-state, lapping greedily at the skirts of Mother Russia. Despite his baffling popularity among the masses at home, Putin has presided over a disastrous and humiliating period in Russian history, as the bear has been systematically de-clawed and de-fanged.
The fomer Soviet republics of Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia, with their large Russian populations, have been absorbed in the EU; the pro-Russian buffer states of Georgia and the Ukraine have been subverted into US client states, also hell-bent on NATO and EU membership; and the running sore of Chechnya continues to drain Russia's depleted military resources and threatens to destabilize or even detach other loose parts of the so-called 'Russian Federation'. And twice Putin has stood by impotently as two former allies have been brutally attacked and subjugated by NATO and US forces:	Serbia, a fellow-Slavic
state, for which Russia went to war against the German and Austrian empires in 1914, and Iraq.
Economically and militarily decrepit; encircled and intimidated by NATO, the EU, and multiplying US bases; peeling away at the edges like a mouldy carpet, Russia is close to checkmate; and it may well be that Putin's Auschwitz speech, with its ingratiating pro-European tone, is an early signal that, sooner rather than later, he knows he will have to acknowledge ultimate defeat and take the bitter and galling step of grovelling for EU and NATO membership.
"Those who want to live, let them fight; and those who do not want to fight in this world of eternal struggle do not deserve to live."
—	Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf, 1:11 :/289 (HM edition)
"All occurrences in world history are merely an expression of the racial instinct for self-preservation, in a good or bad sense."
-	Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf, 1:11/296 (HM edition)
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 5 -
Book Reveals Secret U.S. Military Presence In Israel
1/31/2005 -- A newly published book in the United States, written by U.S. military analyst William M. Arkin, reveals information about the American military presence in Israel. The book, entitled “Code Names: Deciphering U.S. Military Plans, Programs, and Operations in the 9/11 World”, focuses on the cooperation between the U.S. Armed forces and the Israeli Defense Forces.
The author revealed information about the U.S. Army bases at secret locations inside Israel and said that these bases are called “sites” and are numbered Site 51, Site 53, Site 54, Site 55, and Site 56. He indicated that other unspecified “sites” exist, but didn’t explicitly state them. The book also enlists 3,000	previously unknown code
names that describe milestones in strategic cooperation between Tel Aviv and Washington and details the plans and missions these code names stand for. The publication of the book enforces the saying by the late Republican	Senator Jesse
Helms	that	Israel	is the U.S. aircraft
carrier in the Middle East and that this fact explains the military aid which	the	United States grants
Israel every year.
William M. Arkin is an independent journalist and a military commentator	for
NBC. He is also a former intelligence analyst for the U.S. ground forces.	Arkin
says that he can decode all slang and code names used by the U.S. Armed Forces. The book also talks about military relations between the U.S.	and	most of the world
countries, as well as the organizational chart of federal defense agencies. The New York Times published a front-page story on one of the book’s section's about secret U.S. Army commando units within the U.S. under a plan classified as top secret. The report has given the book broad publicity and a basis of legitimacy. Steven Aftergood of Secrecy News describes the book as "perhaps the most concentrated act of defiance of official secrecy policies since Howard Morland wrote about the H Bomb Secret in the Progressive in 1979." Aljazeera.com
Cont. from page 2
[Recruiting Teenagers As War
Fodder Sign Here, Kid]
one of the best statements anyone had ever written about recruiting practices." Massey decided to quit being a recruiter but also to reenlist to get back to "the regular Marine Corps duty" he enjoyed. Leaving behind the deceit and stress of recruiting made him feel much better - "good enough to get off anti-depressants." But soon he got orders to northern Kuwait and within two months was invading Iraq with 130,000 other U.S. troops.
"We Just Lit 'Em Up"
As he made his way north toward Baghdad, through the towns of Saiwan and Basra, "our main job was to set up roadblocks. We had permission to fire on anyone who got through them."
It was this experience, barely an instant compared with his dozen years in the Marines, that showed him a side of the military he'd not seen as an instructor at Parris Island as a recruiter.
"In one 48-hour period, we killed over 30 civilians in vehicles that got past our roadblocks. We just lit 'em up with gunfire. But when we went to pull the charred corpses out of the cars we never found any weapons. They were just civilians. I could start feeling the depression come back. I knew what it was from."
In a meeting one day, his lieutenant asked him if he was feeling OK. Massey replied no, and told the lieutenant that "we're committing genocide and leaving enough depleted uranium around to continue genocidal activity for a long time."
"Do you really believe that?" the lieutenant asked. Yes," replied Massey, "or I wouldn't have said it." "I knew my career in the Marine Corps was over at that point," he added.
Sent back to the States for medical reasons, Massey returned to the Marine base at 29 Palms, Calif., and was told to report to the mental health clinic. There, the first psychiatrist he spoke with told him, "I don't deal with conscientious objectors [COs]."
"I knew right away we were going to have a problem," Massey said, "because my response to her was, 'Well, if you call not wanting to kill innocent civilians being a CO'
Key
V
gAityjafeiil
Crawford
BjiJOi
■RWL NEW TEXAS

CHEVRON
EXXON

W/fiAlt
A Kl<
REVISED MAP OF THE MIDDLE EAST
and she came back with, 'Need I remind you that you are still in the military?"'
Refusing to back down, Massey retorted, "Woman, this isn't my military because the Marine Corps I enlisted in was run by the Geneva Conventions. We didn't kill civilians, and we damn sure didn't cover it up."
Later, in a meeting with a senior non-commissioned officer (NCO), he was asked, "What's wrong?" But when Massey responded, the NCO interrupted him so he could open a desk drawer .and turn on a tape recorder. Massey told the NCO he knew he was soon on his way out of the Marines, and told him, "I don't want your money. I don't want your benefits, nothin'! Not with what y'all did over there in Iraq killing civilians."
Massey said he knew he would need an attorney before talking with his superiors again, so he located one in a copy of the Marine Corps Times. "Next meeting I had with the psychiatrist, my attorney talked with her on the phone. She was completely different when she got off the phone with him."
Asked what advice he would give to a teenager thinking of visiting a military recruiter, Massey thought a moment and answered, 'Take a veteran with you to the recruiter. We're never going to stop that one kid bound and determined to play Rambo, but getting the facts out, educating kids on what really goes on is important. That's why I keep speaking out."
Indeed, Massey put the Marines on notice just before he left. He informed a colonel, "The moment I get out of here I'm going to tell the whole world what I've learned."
Mike Ferner is a member of Veterans for Peace from Toledo, Ohio. He returned from a second trip to Iraq earlier this year. He can be reached at:
mike.ferner@sbcglobal.net
http://amenusa.org
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 6 -
nordwave.
...coming soon
From 11 a.m. until 7 p.m. (rain or shine)


Saturday April 23rd, 2005
Hobe Sound, South Florida
Nordwave is proud to present our fourth year with Folk Fest, celebrating our rich European heritage and giving all folk from around the country the chance to meet with fellow comradesl Families are welcome as are all White Nationalists and fellow National Socialists!
Folk Fest will include:
As always great atmosphere - Beautiful location - Euro-ethnic music - Food and drinks Playground for the little ones - Hammer lifting competition Vendors on hand selling shirts, CDs, ect.
Guest speakers (to be announced)
Camping available
Make your reservation today, we would like to prepare enough food for everyone!
If you have any any questions please email us at: Folkfest2005@yahoo.com
Come see our Viking sail!
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, FL 33466