NORDWAV ;
The Euro-American racialist update P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth\ Florida 33466 a_hassinger@yahoo.com Price $2
y.
voi.2 issue 11
February 10, 2004

Racism On The Rise After ox)®' Nationalist Elections


Non-Whites Are Not Welcome In Russia
23/1/2004 St. Petersburg, Russia - Racists in St. Petersburg have gone on a rampage, intensifying violent assaults against ethnic minorities since nationalist politicians triumphed in the State Duma last month, victims say. The campaign was marked by calls of "Russia for the Russians," suggesting foreigners should be thrown out of the country. The most visible foreigners are those with dark skins. But the city police accuse foreigners and human rights groups of exaggerating the magnitude of racial hate crimes, saying racist attacks are typical of any big city. "I wouldn't say such crimes have reached the level of concern that you [foreigners] would like to believe," police spokesman Pavel Rayevsky said Wednesday in a telephone interview. "They are daily occurrences in big cities in the West." Ethnic minorities, especially blacks and Asians, have tended to allege racism as a way of diverting attention from their involvement in crimes, he said.
But at least two African men were in critical condition after being stabbed by organized groups of young white supremacists in two unrelated incidents within a 24-hour period since Sunday evening. Isaac Mwita, 23, a student of pre-university Russian-language courses who arrived in the country from Tanzania three months ago, was attacked by a group of five skinheads early Sunday evening. He said the "assault aimed at disfiguring
by Vladimir Vissotskiy
and humiliating me with torture." His cries for help were ignored by distant witnesses.He was admitted to hospital in critical condition.
Rose Ngindu, 21, from Congo, who saw Mwita immediately after the incident, found a Nigerian male student sitting in a pool of blood near Ploshchad Vosstaniya on Nevsky Prospekt on Monday afternoon. The man's face was disfigured by wounds that clearly came from a knife and he could hardly utter the words "Nigeria" and "Lesnaya" in reference to the country he came from and the location of his hostel. Ngindu was assisted by onlookers to carry the man to a cab, which took him	home.
Eyewitnesses said the Nigerian had just been attacked by a group of about 10 skinheads who had kicked and stabbed him to within inches of his life. Hours earlier, three African students, including one woman, reportedly made a narrow escape by catching a cab when they were chased by a large group of skinheads near Palace Square. Ngindu, who has spent about a year in Russia while preparing to study for a degree in international relations, said she has decided to go back home because ethnic minority students are defenseless in the city. Quang Son, a first-year computer science student from Vietnam, has a 6-centimeter scar on his cheek he sustained last summer from being stabbed by skinheads who attacked him and a male compatriot. His friend Nam, who was Cont. on page 2
Inter-Klan Rally Report
by Major Wild Bill Hoff
1/21/2004 - I have just returned from attending the Inter-Klan Rally in Laurens, South Carolina, and must honestly state that this was the best I have ever witnessed. On hand, to take part in this Rally, was the NSM, White Revolutionists, The Cleveland Knights, The Yahweh Knights, The Carolina Knights, The Southern White Knights, The Christian Knights and the turnout was fabulous.
There were 14 proficient speakers present and every one of them had the crowd on their feet. Being the first to address the large audience, I pointed out the fact that up to ten years ago there was no such thing as having a multi-Klan or any other multi-White Nationalist Rally taking place, as each organization was looking upon the others as being competition and the only time members from one organization attended the Rally of another was to make an attempt to draw away members for their particular group. Not only had this been an act of treachery, but it also sabotaged many of these vital organizations while the Niggers & Jews were closely cooperating to destroy the White population. I then stressed that a most powerful form of Unity will come about only by having many factual NS and Klans fully cooperating with one another and that they should sincerely consider becoming politically oriented as our National Socialist Movement has developed into being.
Sgt. Wallace Jones, of North Carolina, stood behind the microphone as he announced the upcoming Rally in Raleigh on the 21 of February and how important it was to have as many of the audience taking a part in it as possible. So invigorating was his appeal that all of the Klans who were present and many of the audience have indicated that they shall be there! My, but he can certainly impress others by his speaking technique. Our NSM also had members driving in from Virginia and Tennessee, which gave us approximately One Dozen Nazis in atten-dence. What was utterly remarkable is that there wasn't one single person who objected to seeing so many Swatika armbands or full Storm Trooper Uniforms. In fact, just about every speaker spoke of how pleased he was to have members of the National Socialist Movement at this Rally and that this should continue for the good of all! In the past, Imperial Wizard Virgil Griffin had not been in favor of any National	Cont	on page 2
Don't Support Delayers. Support Nordwave!
- 2 -
Cont. from page 1
[Racism On The Rise After Nationalist ElectionsJ severely Injured, had to go home immediately.
A random interview with 10 new students from developing countries in one city hostel revealed that all had suffered or witnessed violent racial attacks on the streets, but none reported the attacks to the police, citing their lack of trust in the law enforcers. Local musician Andrei Platonov witnessed a group of about 10 skinheads assaulting a man from Burundi in broad daylight on St. Isaac's Square on Victory Day last year. The man managed to break free of his assailants and rushed to two nearby police officers for assistance, but they shrugged him off, suggesting he should avoid such places on public holidays. Immediately after the police were called away, the group beat him again until he lost consciousness. Yury Vdovin, deputy head of the St. Petersburg branch of the international human rights organization Citizen's Watch, said local police tend to "protect the state from citizens and, make a saint of the government, which ... supports the rising wave of extremism, xenophobia and racism in a society dominated by the legacy of the communist-defined 'patriotism.' "It is like saying, S/ve [the state] cannot do it openly, so let the young [extremists] do the job for us,"' he said. Vdovin said there are about 300 organized racist groups across Russia with about 20 in the Northwest region. But the police say there are only 50 individuals in the city who organize and incite hatred against non-Russians. "We know them all, and they are under our close scrutiny," Rayevsky said. For example, a leader of the local fascist organization Shultz 88 was last month convicted for inciting racial hatred and advocating fascist ideology. But Vdovin said that case had been going on for years, amid debates whether the case
NORDWAVE
Nordwave is published monthly. Single issue - $2, yearly subscription - [12 issues] $20. Outside US: single issue - $2, yearly subscription • [12 issues] $25 Please send US dollars, check or M.O. made out to "CASH" or "Alex Hassinger. " All subscriptions are considered donations.
Prisoners rates are: [3] - 37 Cent stamps for a single issue, we are not responsible for rejected mailings.
deserved criminal proceedings. Congo student Arnold Obambi has his own evidence that the police don't take racial assaults seriously. He said they forced him to pay 1,000 rubles in damages to one of seven skinheads who assaulted him last summer and whom he injured in self defense. Obambi was arrested two weeks after the incident on charges of disturbing public order and causing bodily injuries to the victim. The police suggested he should pay the sum to the "victim" to avoid a four- to seven-year jail term. ©St. Petersburg Times
Cont from page 1 [Inter-Kian Rally Report] Socialist, as he had been associating us with the Second World War, in which he had fought. But, this has drastically changed as he currently realizes that we and his Cleveland Knights have identical programs and Mr. Griffin is very much in favor of our National Socialist Movement. While addressing the audience, he said something that we should take to heart and that is, "Are you a part of the Klan or is the Klan a part of you?" This is a question that each and every National Socialist should be asking, as the National Socialist Movement has always been a part of me and not vice versa!
Yes! Anyone who missed witnessing this Rally was denied the ultimate joy of seeing so much warmth existing amongst those who were present. This was a most wonderful event and I wish to extend my extreme pleasure to those many National Socialists, which included a member and his Mother & Dad, who drove such a long distance to attend this. They surely possess a fanatical National Socialist spirit and no one can ask for more than that!
More Rings Racism
2/1/04 - A writer tracked down by the Montgomery, Ala.-based Southern Poverty Law Center says the Lord of the Rings trilogy is like a promotional ad for those "tired old race and gender paradigms that were all the rage back in author J.R.R. Tolkien's day." Andrea Lewis, described as a San Francisco-based writer and co-host of the Morning Show on KPFA-FM 94.1 in Berkeley, Calif, says on the SPLC's toler-ance.org website that the Rings movie should instead have been called "The Return of the Patriarchy." That almost all the heroes of the series are "manly men who are whiter than white" and "frequently framed in halos of blinding bright light and exude a heavenly aura of all that is Eurocentric and
good" is proof for her of the films' racist leanings. Lewis much prefers the Matrix movies, she says, because they give "women and people of color some characters they can relate to." All the better, she says, most of the bad guys in the Matrix movies are really "Euro." "It's the patriarchy of the past versus the Rainbow Coalition of the future," she says.
Tongue Tied
Berzerkley
2/6/04	- Activists in
Berkeley, Calif, are angling to change the name of Jefferson Elementary school because the signer of the Declaration of Independence owned slaves during his lifetime, reports the Berkeley Daily Planet. Instigators of the change have garnered the signatures of 40 percent of the staff and 32 percent of the parents in their effort. Now, students must vote on the change. Should Jefferson go, he would be the latest in a stream of dead white males scrubbed from school buildings in Berkeley. Abraham Lincoln Elementary was renamed Malcolm X following community pressure some years ago, and just four years ago Christopher Columbus Elementary was rebuilt and renamed after Rosa Parks,
Tongue tied
So Were We
2/5/04 - An NBA announcer who came under fire for referring to basketball star Yao Ming as a "Chinaman" has apologized and said he was unaware it was an insult, reports the San Francisco Chronicle.
Steve Kerr was pilloried after he used the term during a nationally televised game a couple weeks ago. The Organization of Chinese Americans described its members as incensed by the phrase. "I'd like to offer a heartfelt apology to all viewers, and to Chinese Americans in particular, for referring to Yao Ming as a 'Chinaman' on TNT's broadcast of the Houston Rockets game this past Monday night," Kerr said in a statement. "I made the comment very innocently, as I incorrectly believed that referring to Yao in that way was the same as calling someone a 'Frenchman', an 'Englishman' or a 'Dutchman.'"
Tongue Tied
"Only composure and a heart of iron bring victory."
- Joseph Goebbels
Nordwave RO. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
4>
New Slur?
2/3/04 — A Canadian hockey player has been suspended for referring to an opposing player as a "Euro" during a match, reports the Associated Press. The Ontario Hockey League suspended Plymouth Whalers defense-man James Wisniewski for five games for telling Stefan Ruzicka that he did not fight "Euros" when challenged. Ruzika is from Slovakia. Ted Baker, the OHL's director of hockey operations, said the league does not tolerate comments directed at players based on their origin, ethnicity or sexual orientation.
Tongue Tied
A
He's Back
2/3/04 - Dolpho the racist police dog is back in the news, reports the Associated Press. The dog, a K-9 officer in McKees Rock, Pa., has again been accused of racial profiling after biting a black child at a middle school demonstration. The bite tore the child's clothing but did not break the skin. The allegations of racism against Dolpho first surfaced two years ago after he bit a 9-year-old boy while on patrol. He was cleared following a two-month investigation, but some local residents say this latest attack only renews their fear. They want him retired or put down.
Tongue Tied
In an interview with General Ouze Merham 1956, Ariel Sharon, current Israeli Prime Minister said:
"I don't know something called International Principles. I vow that I'll burn every Palestinian child (that) will be born in this area. The Palestinian woman and child is more dangerous than the man, because the Palestinian childs' existence infers that generations will go on, but the man causes limited danger. I vow that if I was just an Israeli civilian and I met a Palestinian, I would burn him and I would make him suffer before killing him. With one hit I've killed 750 Palestinians (in Rafah in 1956). I wanted to encourage my soldiers by raping Arabic girls as the Palestinian woman is a slave for Jews, and we do whatever we want to her and nobody tells us what we shall do but we tell others what they shall do.M
- Posted by Maurice Cohen www.mediamonitors.net
- 3 -
Sharondammerung!
by William Hughes
No American chief executive, since John F. Kennedy, has dared to take on the Zionist Cartel. JFK had insisted that the Israelis not develop nuclear weapons. Shortly after his protest, he was assassinated.
"Israel's Ariel Sharon is a law unto himself. The UN, too, refuses to take him on for his criminal misdeeds. He belongs in the dock, next to Slobodan Milosevic, at The Hague, standing trial for War Crimes he has committed in Jordan, the occupied territories and Lebanon. Instead, he is invited to the White House for a photo op and tea." Like an absolute monarch, Ariel Sharon does what he wants, when he wants to, and with full impunity, too. He also doesn't give a good hoot what the White House, the Arab World or the UN think of his demented conduct. (By way of possible explanation for his bizarre behavior, see "Jewish History:	Jewish
Religion," by Israel Shahak, for disturbing examples of anti-Christian, anti-Muslim bias still extant in Jewish religious literature.)
Sharon, the personification of hubris, is the Prime Minister of Zionist Israel. His death squad operate 24/7 in the occupied territories. He also continues to steal the land of the Palestinians, while regularly humiliating his supposed American allies by building more illegal settlements (604 new units are on the way). The cunning Sharon is also constructing a monstrous Apartheid Wall, that stretches for hundreds of miles across the occupied territories, to permanently seal in the indigenous people. International law means absolutely nothing to him. The UN Security Council Resolutions condemninglsrael are used as waste paper by Sharon. Detention of prisoners without trial and torture of detainees are endemic under the Sharon regime (Amnesty Interna- tional Reports). It was also one of his bulldozer drivers, that viciously took the life of the young American activist, Rachel Corrie. His bulldozer operatives have leveled thousands of innocent Palestinian homes and vineyards.
For the latest example of a Sharon-inspired outrage, look to Rafah. On Oct. 1st, the Israeli Occupation Forces (IOF) demolished 18 homes in that refugee camp, located in the Gaza
Strip. This act of barbarism left 270 Palestinians, mostly children homeless. Washington failed to offer a word in protest to Tel Aviv about this act of gangsterism — not one word!
All of the above, and much more, makes George W. Bush, Jr.'s hyped "Road Map" totally irrelevant to any possible peace settlement and leaves the U.S. president looking like a Zionist lapdog. It also, tragically, creates an environment of utter hopelessness among the beleaguered Palestinians, that has generated a lethal campaign of counter-violence. Adding to the mix, on Oct. 3, 2002, Sharon told his cabinet of right wingers, War Hawks, Likudniks, Christian-bashers, Jonathan Pollard
fans and Palestinian land grabbers: "I want to tell you something very clear, don't worry about American pressure on Israel. We, the Jewish people control America, and the Americans know it" (Israel Radio, "Kol Yisrael").
It is a flagrant violation of the U.S. Constitution, and of the principles of the Republic itself, for any special interest clique to "control America." Question: When, in the name of our revered Sons of Liberty, is the Justice Department going to take action against this coup de Sharon? Also, it was Sharon, who loudly ranted for a U.S. led war against Iraq. He also wanted us to invade Iran, Syria and Saudi Arabia.His lackeys in this country, like Neocon, Richard Perle, regularly spit out the same hawkish line. Now, that Iraq war, besides making America more enemies in the Islamic World, ("U.S. Image Drops Among Muslims," BBC News, 10/02/03), is creating a costly Vietnam War-like quagmire. This unjust conflict will also further destabilize this country, which will make it all the easier for the globalist-oriented wire pullers to manipulate us.
All of this costs big bucks, too. Zionist Israel has persisted in looting
Ah\V9t9nf July 27,2002 (Qatar)
A Jewi sh devi1 aka Ariel Sharon • walks over the skulls of its victims.
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 4 -
our Treasury in billions of direct freebies, since 1948, with consequential costs, estimated in the trillions of dollars (June, 2003, "WRMEA" magazine). Meanwhile, the U.S. economy is tanking and our once solid manufacturing jobs are fleeing the country faster than the ADL's Abe Foxman can scream, "Anti-Semitism!" Fact: the U.S. is subsidizing Sharon's evil doings instead of taking care of the social and human needs of its own people.
Sadly, history shows that American presidents are afraid to say "no" to any Israeli demand. No American chief executive, since John F. Kennedy, has dared to take on the Zionist Cartel. JFK had insisted that the Israelis not develop nuclear weapons (Rense.com, 09/28/03). Shortly after his protest, he was assassinated in Dallas, Texas, on Nov. 22, 1963, supposedly by a "lone nut," Lee Harvey "The Patsy" Oswald. Oswald, in turn, was quickly silenced by one Jacob Rubenstein, a/k/a Jack Ruby.Ruby was a shady character, who shot Oswald to death allegedly because he wanted to save Jacqueline Kennedy from testifying in a murder trial. Now, if you believe that Ruby, the owner of a sleazy Dallas striptease joint, was concerned about the feelings of JFK's widow, then there's a bridge in Brooklyn for sale that you might also be interested in buying. Check out the intriguing, "Final Judgment: The Missing Link in the JFK Assassination Conspiracy," by Michael Collins Piper. It also has some shocking information on Sen. Arlen "Magic Bullet" Specter (R-PA).
In conclusion, if the deranged Sharon isn't stopped soon, it will result in the ethnic cleansing of the Palestinian people; as well as more terrorists attacks on the U.S. www.mediamonitors.net
"Sharon's policy is bloody and j discriminating and anti-Semitic -and remember, the Palestinians are also Semites"
— Mohammed Salmawy Al- Ahram Hebdo
2004 Manifesto To All Kith And Kin
by PJ Kubicz
Fellow Comrades, Friends and	Supporters,
Consanguineous Kinsmen: I am drafting this message in light of recent contemplations; mordant thoughts which have, for the longest time, cast me into a dark chasm of plaintive deliberation. It has been an unpleasant nadir, insofar as it is as despondent as it is well-founded. This is the reason for my late delays in communication, writing and organization; its weight has simply barred my ambition and stamina. Yet I write not to cast you into such an idle state of pensive reflection, but rather to share my observations, and proffer a solution. The woeful subject of my considerations is one which all of us, in our own individual ways, have certainly experienced. I see it upon the lips of every Racial activist, and glimpse it embedded in the psyche of every seasoned veteran of the so-called "movement". The question is: "what the hell are we doing, and where the hell are we going?" It is a damning one, but do not confuse it with misgivings concerning the validity of our creed. No, our Weltanschauung is impeccable, but reasonably-generated doubt clouds the vehicle through which we present our views, the strategies according to which we conduct activism, and the very elusive question of our future. The facts are that we may, in many cases, be on the march, but we are marching in place, perpetually treading the same barren landscape.
In honest veracity, we have achieved nothing during the previous 50 years, nor does the promising visage of a breakthrough appear on the horizon today. We have become a band of foolhardy romantic idealists, deluding ourselves with quixotic fantasies of victory and power, neither of which are forthcoming. We have fallen prey to many illusions, through which reality becomes distorted in a defense mechanism of rationalization, by which the imagination somehow fancies all that is done to be "in the name of the cause", when, in reality, it is perfectly reducible to egoism and avarice. The following three vices, deceiving the mind and fabricating a false sense of dedication, are particularly widespread: wealth (the desire to capitalize on the pro-White music and literature market, among many other manifestations), grandeur (a desire to domin! ate, to lead, to have power), machismo (to be the "tough guy", the unapproachable warrior of justice).
There exists, at present, absolutely no legitimate social and/or political movement in the name of our philosophical ideology, and this is the precise root of our predicament. One of the most conspicuous shortcomings we face is a flagrant lack of a definite plan, detailing precisely what we wish to implement, and how we wish to go about doing this in a meticulous, step-by-step fashion. It often seems that the very first premiss mentioned, namely "what we wish to implement", is also undeveloped. Besides the cliche pablum slogans of "White Power", "Jews Out", "14 Words" and others like them, an infinitesimal number actually conceives of a reasonable picture outlining the ideal society we strive for. None, absolutely none up to this point, have suggested a reasonable plan, a tactical, stepwise process of implementing our goals that bears any sort of reasonable practicality.
There have been plenty of those who, in their blotto slurs, screamed about putting an end to our foes by simply "killing them all", and declare a Fourth-Reich republic in some seceded part of the country, following a Turneresque revolution. I believe such ludicrous accounts paint a picture of the infantile world we live in. I would expect them to arise from the mind of a 4-year-old, never a group of individuals purporting to advance some sort of a serious cause. Or, perhaps this is the problem: most of our National Socialist comrades quite simply fail to take themselves seriously. Perchance the 2-3 man organizations which dot the world map have succeeded in the only goal they ever had: to shore up their insipid, childish unconscious by fulfilling their belonging needs, finally achieving that personal identity they so craved. Indeed, none of this seems to be about politics in the first place, but rather about the creation of fanciful social-clubs, distanced from society, and having no desire to make a positive impact in the least. Beer, cigarettes, and (alarmingly enough) drugs are the social rallying point, not the banner of our cause. Attention, like the little boy throwing a temper tantrum, is the only hallmark of so-called "victory". Romantic idealism, Nietzschean concepts of anarchy and the Ubermensch, the sole philosophy. It is about having a good time, indulging in the fine pleasures of life (examine the ratio of serious pro-White music operations to serious political organizations. Does it pan out to be somewhere near 100 : 1?). What happened to duty? Honor? Integrity? Discipline? This nightmarish vision is reality, and the architects of early National Socialism must be turning in their graves. This in itself is another problem: can nobody under-
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
stand, that the critical time of the Third Reich has passed? Yes, the Reich has died, and nothing will ever bring it back. National Socialism is a timeless concept, of which the Third Reich was but one manifestation. Admiration of this early paragon of a sound social system may be acceptable, but any attempt to resurrect such a condemned past leads absolutely nowhere. Literature distribution, rallies and concerts are the sole modes of operation favored by contemporary organizations, all are invalid and futile.
Without a plan, a meticulous scheme of action that is sensibly crafted, there can never exist a political movement, and for this reason, literature distribution alone will not rouse John Doe out of his comfortable couch. Most White people are tacitly in accord with the pristine concepts of our ideology in the first place. What they are NOT in accord with are the boisterous, trouble-stirring spectacles many bring into their communities. Swastika-waiving (a flag, which is a far cry from the national banners of most countries, considering that Hitler was at war with damn near three quarters of the Aryan Race anyway), Sieg-Heiling, hectoring and beerdrinking are hardly community-oriented values, are they? How can we hope to advance our culture, our society and our community from its present decay, if a large portion of our activities contributes to pubic indignation and discomfort in the first place? This is why so many of us end up behind bars, not because the police is a group of ZOG lackeys, but because our disturbance of the community is frowned upon. You know, many undoubtedly see the same problems, but it seems as if all paths to a reasonable movement have been barred.
Most attentive and logical individuals I am acquainted with have become all too disillusioned with the "movement" already, and not due to losing heart in our ideals. Our mantra is: "White people, awake", but it is the Racialist community which must do precisely that. Unless we arise to purify our image, proceed with serious political activities and not childish games, there is no future to be had. I would thus like to issue a solemn wake-up call to all who may hearken. This is not a game, and it is certainly not a matter to be taken lightly. Most of you received countless email messages on similar subjects, haranguing the current arrangement, and complaining about the negativity of this or that party. This is not simply a diatribe, this is a call to get serious, a call to step beyond your computer screen and reconsider your allegiance to a
- 5 -
righteous cause. I am calling to all serious White Racialists who actually care about the future of the movement, and wish to have one to speak of. There is a way, there is a plan, but it is not frivolous carousing and online chatting. I believe that we are sitting on the potential to achieve a positive influence in our community, but none care to tap it, as there are no means to currently accomplish this. The wherewithal, my friends, depends directly upon you. I call upon you now as to a tribe, scattered, divided and lost within a dark and somber land. Our only path to survival is unquestionable unity, and that unity depends on you. Join me, all who treasure the creed of Folk and Culture, to make our ideology of Cultural Vitalism a way of life, and extend that way of life to our community. All rests in your hands now.
White African-American Boy Not 'Black' Enough For Award
National Debate Sparked After Caucasian Student Seeking 'Race-Based Honor' Booted Out Of School
By Joe Kovacs
1/23/04 ~ The Omaha suspension of a white high-school student originally from South Africa is sending shock waves across America as debate rages over who can claim rights to the term "African-American." The case centers on Trevor Richards, a junior at Westside High School, who moved from Richards and his classmates, 16-year-old twins Paul and Scott Rambo, were booted from classes last week after distributing posters touting Trevor as a candidate for Westside High's "Distinguished African-American Student" award on Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
"The posters were intended to be satire on the term African-American," Scott Rambo told the Omaha World-Herald. Principal John Crook says the posters were disruptive. "It was offensive to the individual being honored, to people who work here and to some students," Crook told the paper. "My role is to make sure we have a safe environment, physically and psychologically. We can't allow that kind of thing to be hung up on our walls." Records from 2002-2003 indicate only 56 of Westside's 1,632 students were black, and some in this year's student body were reportedly upset by Richards' poster. Ironically, the first two recipients of the student award
were white.
"It was not intended at the beginning to be one race only," Clidie Cook, who helps organize the annual event, told the World-Herald. But Westside officials pushed to change that, feeling the spirit of the honor meant giving it to a black student, and by 2001, the ministerial alliance in charge specified it was for blacks only. Since the suspensions last week, the issue has been picked up by the Associated Press wire service, and has become a hot topic for columnists, talk radio and Internet messageboards.
"There is no room at the inn for the viewpoints of conservatives, libertarians, Christians, or constitutionalists in the public indoctrination system," says David Huntwork, a conservative activist in Fort Collins, Colo., who criticized the squashing of "this gallant expression of grassroots activism."
The ABC television affiliate in Omaha, KETV, has been swamped with comments on its Internet message-board. Among the postings:
—	I attend Westside and I am in support for Trevor. Trevor is one of only maybe one or two other people that are actually from Africa. Trevor is more of an African-American than any other "African-American" at Westside. It is also wrong that there is an award for only black students when every other award at Westside is for everyone and everyone has an equal chance to receive those awards if they try.
—	If you mean black award, say black award. If you must be racist, that is.
—	Why are white Americans constantly hounded, ridiculed and stripped of any racial identity? Why is it OK for everyone to be racist, except white Americans? ... Can you imagine black students getting suspended for joining the "black student union" or any other black group on any campus, or workplace in America? This racism against white Americans must stop.
—	I think the administrators should be fired. This is going too far. Let's get a grip people! God this makes me sick. Fire those people!
—	[Tlechnically, Trevor is most likely Afrikaans-African-American or Dutch-African-American considering the white descendants of South Africa are from those European descents. So if you want to talk technically, he still is not eligible for this award. The truth is that everyone who is writing these absurd comments knows what African-American means. It is a black person. The term given to this ethnic group has changed over the decades from Negroes to colored people to black and finally African-American. It is a descriptor.
© 2004 WorldNetDaily.com
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
Rain or shine between 11 AM and 6 PM Saturday March 27th, 2004 Martin County, South Florida
Info Line after 8 PM EST: (561) 602 - 0357
Celebrate your rich European heritage with us! We will feature Euro-ethnic and White Nationalist music, as always great food and drink plus a hammer lifting competition & other games. Families are welcome. Please write to NORDWAVE at: P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, FL 33466 or e-mail us at: FolkFest2004@hotmail.com [Exact location will be disclosed 2 weeks in advance. Aprox. 30 miles north of West Palm Beach].
Nordwave staff can help with transportation, lodging, and all aspects of making sure you have a pleasant time during your visit in South Florida. There are camping sites available (full hookup - electricity, shower, WC and pay phone) only $25 per night. Bring your family, bring your friends... you can even bring your boat (boat ramp on site.) Boat rentals, playground for children and more!
Achtung!
No drugs and weapons allowed!
Come,	tee (Me teui
No- (fuilt k&ie. jjuAt peide!