NORDWAVE
an Euro-American racialist update P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 a hassinger@yahoo.com Price $2
Some 20,000 Skinheads Active In Russia
vo 1.1 issue 1
April 1, 2003
2nd Annual Folk Fest In West Palm Beach, Florida
On March 15, 2003	Nordwave
(formerly known as Aryan Loyalist Magazine) had sucesfully organized the 2nd annual Folk Fest in West Palm Beach, South Florida.
Flags of many European na-l tions, banners and a large striped red and white Viking sail (which was suspended from the ceiling) decorated the pavillion in the local park.
Despite constant interference from the local authorities, Folk Fest brought together many white activists across the state, and proved to other groups and organizations what could be achieved.
Families and > friends	of	N
Nordwave celebrated the common European heritage - they all came to pay tribute to their ancestors: Anglos, Teutons,
Celts,	Slavs, Norse,
Medittareneans and others. Concern for our race and the poor state of our civil rights brought this group together, more motivated than ever.
Over heaping plates of grilled chicken, smoked ham, baked beans, & breads, served with cold refreshments old, middle aged and young shared the same table enjoying conversations and
By Alex Hassinger
making new contacts. Some individuals traveled as far as New Jersey and New York, just to be with us to enjoy the comradership. A well known Scottish nationalist and a friend from Ft. Lauderdale, Dr. George McLeod played beautiful tunes on his bagpipes for all guests' delight and entertainment.
The South Florida Aryan Alliance once again proved to be helpful and reliable, unlike many individuals (who would have loved) to see this event collapse. Dennis
Chance from S FAA, set up a merchandise table that included CD's, newspapers and clothing. The same group provided a much needed se-detail. activist Steve Watt, from the same organization, helped to coordinate the fest.
After the fine meal, we opened the speaker's part of the event, which included: J.D. Alder, Stephen Green from the White Star Society, White Knight, Justin from Daytona Beach, Steve Watt from SFAA - west coast and Frank G. from the Celtic Clans. Also a tape from Molly Gill (Rational Feminist) speech was played for all the guests to hear. A hammer lifting
Cont on page 6
Wp curity ** Another
A
There are about 20,000 skinheads across Russia and about 5,000 of them live in the second largest city of St.
Petersburg, the Moscow Times reported. Although most of the skinheads are active in big cities, their activities, however, are largely unorganized and disunited, the newspaper quoted Valery Komarov, an Interior Ministry official. The ministry believes that there are about 2,500 skinheads in Moscow headed by about 100 leaders, while the 5,000 skinheads in St. Petersburg belong to 70 different groups, Komarov said. Komarov, a high-ranking official in the ministry, said there was no single leader behind the skinhead movement. "The only organization that skinheads have is territorial - they usually come from one neighborhood," Komarov said. "They also don't have any agenda other than carrying out aggressive actions." Although the number of media reports about racially motivated attacks has soared in recent months, only 16 skinheads were convicted last year, Komarov said, adding that altogether 31 cases were investigated and sent to court last year. He said that in dealing with skinheads, police are focusing on identifying their leaders and holding "prophylactic talks" with them in an effort to find out the sources of their funding and whatever ties they might have with other skinhead groups.
Croatian PM Condemns NS Salutes
A
Croatia's Prime minister has angrily condemned the use of NS slogans and salutes at a reception in the capital, Zagreb, for the national handball team. Prime minister Ivica Racan warned such behavior "could not be tolerated in Croatia." Dozens of people in the crowd gave the salute -allegedly after nationalist folk singer Marko Perkovic Thompson shouted a slogan used by Croatian National Socialists in War War II. Last month, Croatian skier Ivica Kostelic had to apologize for remarks interpreted by some as pro-National Socialist.
Race Preferences Challengeed In Texas
A
A taxpayer-funded scholarship offered by the Texas Department of Transportation that excludes white applicants is discriminatory and needs to be opened to all
Cont on page 2
Editorial
- 2 -
Slota: State Should Pay Roma To Be Sterilized
By Alex Hassinger
Welcome to the first edition of Nordwave, a monthly newsletter which will keep you in touch with the white racialist movement, not only here in the states, but also abroad -particularly in Europe.
In order to be more effective in what I do, I decided to stop publishing the Aryan Loyalist Magazine. Instead Nordwave will take its place on monthly basis. Sometimes change is imperative...
Anyway, the official from the County Parks & Recreation Dept, called me in the eve of the Folk Fest, threatening to revoke the permit for the pavilion, which I reserved over two months in advance. Apparently he had been under a great stress from doing his job. After talking to him for over half an hour, assuring him we won't destroy county property, harass people and take over the entire park (that was his main worry), he finally calm down. At the end of our conversation I found out from him, that the regional Homeland Security office in Atlanta, Georgia - notified the local Palm Beach Sheriff Dept, about our Folk Fest. Only then I realized why this county official was freaking out. Anyway, why Homeland Security would be interested in our event, I don't know. We are not breaking any laws, and certainly we are not terrorists! The only explanation I could think of is, that they are simply letting us know that we are being watched...
Cont from page 1
races an attorney for the American Civil	Rights	Institute
(www.acri.org) said last month. The California-based civil rights group, led by University of California regent Ward Connerly, ran an advertisement this week in the Daily Texan student newspaper at the University of Texas at Austin, informing readers of the scholarship and saying: "If you are white, you may be a victim of illegal discrimination."
Washington Times
The Liberation Of Iraq?
By G. Atzmon
Watching an Iraqi mob searching for "coalition" servicemen on Baghdad's riverbank reveals the 'surprising' truth: the Iraqi
people don't really like their 'liberators'. This must be shocking for Blair and Bush who present themselves as the saviors of the Iraqi people. If this is not bad enough, the Iraqi army refuses to surrender. How dare they? This is completely against the "coalition" military plans, and Donald Rumsfeld's promises. Somehow, we no longer see the victorious images of American tanks and armored vehicles racing in the Iraqi wilderness, quite simply because they don't race anymore: they crawl.
The "coalition" soldiers are terrified and with good reason. They understand already that each Iraqi they confront might be a ferocious enemy. They understand far too late that they were rushed into a hostile country with an 'unfriendly' population. Four days into the war and it is already obvious: as always in the past, army Generals were preparing themselves to win the previous war rather than the one to come. Just a few days ago they spoke about the masses of Iraqi soldiers that would surrender themselves to their 'liberators'. The American Generals were sure that the Iraqi army would refuse to fight for their 'tyrant'. Funnily enough it didn't happen, if anything it is quite the reverse. The American led "coalition" is facing some fierce fighting from ordinary Iraqi soldiers and even armed civilians.
It is not surprising at all that the American Generals failed to anticipate such an Iraqi resistance. Whilst Generals are very good at 'predicting the past', when it comes to the future they are pretty miserable. Somehow they always fail, just give them battalions and time. In military organizations - very much like in other rigid establishments - promotion is entirely dependent on one's successful adaptation of a strict pattern of thought. In other words military promotion is dependent on one's acceptance of a given doctrine while denying any other mode of thinking.
Accordingly, the higher you get in the military hierarchy the less open-minded you are. To spare any ambiguity, if we agree that an intelligent mind is distinguished by its capability to process a wide range of information, it makes sense that in the top of the military pyramid we find the least intelligent people around. To be more explicit: military leaders can be found to be pretty stupid people by any standard. I am sure that even the most remarkable of the "coalition" Generals is capable of understanding by now that they are fighting a lost battle. The "coalition" is fighting a regional superman. Saddam will win the battle, even if he loses.
Roma (Gypsy) men may get paid to be sterilized if the Real Slovak National Party (PSNS) gets its way. On February 21, PSNS boss J&n Slota announced his party would present parliament with a draft law mid-March laying out how Roma men would be offered Sk20,000 (480 euro) in return for their fertility. The PSNS proposal comes only weeks after allegations that Roma women from eastern Slovakia were forced into sterilization raising serious questions at home and abroad about the situation of the Roma minority in Slovakia. Most of Slovakia's 400,000 Roma live in poverty on the margins of society. "I think we would increase the income [of Roma] if they got Sk20,000 for just one little cut. I think a lot of Roma would volunteer for this," Slota said.
The proposal provoked immediate sharp criticism from human-rights activists. "The statements made are characteristic of [Slota] - they are unprofessional, ignorant, and racist. Europe had terrifying experiences with holocaust, genocide, and sterilization at the time of Hitler. Notions such as these put us in a similar position and are very dangerous," said Ladislav Durkovic, head of the People Against Racism NGO.
Representatives of the Roma community agree. "In this region I see Slota's statements as a form of modern fascism, whose representatives support a sophisticated type of racism toward the Roma community," said Roma activist Edmund Muller from the Centre for Roma Rights NGO. However, PSNS representatives say that it will be up to the Roma to decide whether or not they want to be sterilized and that the measure therefore does not represent a threat to the minority. "There is nothing wrong with it. Families will be free to choose and improve their social situation," said PSNS spokesman Rafael Rafaj. Moreover, the PSNS claims its idea grew out of a desire to improve the status of the Roma. "We are motivated by a report that says that in 2050 [ethnic] Slovaks will become a minority in Slovakia. We are worried about the development of the Roma community and the ability to ensure [for them] the standards common in the civilised world, especially in childcare, which is often neglected in large families," said Rafaj. "If we do not manage to motivate them to participate in responsible parenthood, any projects aimed at improving their social situation, the status of their children, and success in the labour market will be useless," Rafaj added.
©The Slovak Spectator
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 3 -
#r
Kosovo Serbs Demand Ethnic Division
The Kosovo Serbs' decision last week to set up a municipal association calling for what amounts to the federalization of the region is seen by some as a bargaining ploy for the forthcoming debate on its final status. Their move was followed two days later with a call from Zoran Djindjic's for ethnic division, fueling suspicions that the Serbian premier is pressing local Serbs to be prepared to assert themselves politically to ensure that they get the best deal possible out of talks on Kosovo's future.
Calling itself the Association of Serbian Municipalities and Communities of Kosovo and Metohija, the new body comprises 220 Serb representatives who won places in October's local government elections. Formed in the northern part of Kosovska Mitrovica on February 25, it wields authority over the Serb dominated northern region of Kosovo. The association called for the "reorganization" of Kosovo into two separate ethnic entities. But they say that if the Albanians win the independence they are seeking then local Serbs should be able to join Serbia. The move was followed by a statement in which Djindjic told reporters, "Kosovo should be federalized and the Serbs should be treated as a constituent ethnic group, equal to the Albanians." ©Institute for War & Peace Reporting
Anti-Semitism Fear As Italian TV Chief Under Attack
By Tom Rachman
Jewish leaders in Italy have expressed concern at an outbreak of anti-Semitism after a right-wing newspaper yesterday made a thinly veiled attack on the state broadcaster RAI days after a distinguished journalist of Jewish origin was chosen to lead its board of directors.
Paolo Mieli, the former editor-in-chief of Italy's leading daily Corriere della Sera, was chosen for the job on Friday. Yesterday a front-page editorial in the right-wing Rome daily II Tempo said that Italian television was being dominated by "non-Catholic culture and sensibility", making direct reference to Mieli and two other journalists of Jewish origin.
"The entire TV system is dominated now by professionals of excellent
quality, but with non-Catholic culture and sensibility, like the new president of RAI and the directors of the two major news programs," the editorial said.
Yesterday morning, anti-Semitic graffiti was found scrawled on RAI's Milanoffice. Politicians from the left and right immediately denounced the act, and a television station reported that Mieli himself called it "a terrible signal".
Germar Rudolf Launches New Revisionist Journal
The Revisionist is published by Castle Hill Publishers, a sole proprietorship of Germar Rudolf. Since 1993, G. Rudolf has been publishing and selling revisionist books and brochures, starting with his expert report on the alleged gas chambers of Auschwitz (see: wvmtadp.org/chp for his book offer). Since 1997, Rudolf has been publishing a revisionist periodical in German (see: www.vho.org/VffG), which is now in its 7th year of publication.
The Revisionist is edited under the aegis of G. Rudolf, but it is in fact "our" journal, since it is produced with the help of many volunteers from the worldwide revisionist community who translate foreign language material, coordinate research, write and edit articles, review books and journals, operate the world's largest revisionist website that hosts The Revisionist and thousands of other revisionist books and articles (www.vho.org), etc.
Formally then, The Revisionist is a co-production of Germar Rudolf (Castle Hill Publishers, Theses & Dissertations Press), Fredrick Toben (Adelaide Institute), Jurgen Graf, and volunteers from the two largest revisionist websites in the world (www.vho.org and www.codoh.com/org).
Type of Subscription 1 year (4 issues) 3 years (12 issues)
Support: $100.- ($ 25.-/copy) $ 270.-($ 22.50/copy)
Normal: $ 55.- ($ 13.75/copy) $150.-($ 12.50/copy) -
Students: $ 38.- ($9.50/copy)$ 96.-($ 8.-/copy)
PO Box 257768 Chicago, IL 60625,
USA
"Facts are the enemy of truth."
- Don Quixote Man of La Mancha
Feds Grab White Supremacist At Compound In North Georgia
By Bill Rankin
A former leader of a white supremacist group is being held on weapons charges after dozens of federal agents descended on his isolated Dahlonega home to arrest him over the weekend.
Chester James Doles, once a local organizer of the National Alliance and a longtime Ku Klux Klan activist, will remain in federal custody at least until Wednesday, when prosecutors will ask that he be detained until trial Doles was charged with being a felon who illegally possessed a number of rifles and handguns.
Doles, 42, will plead not guilty and ask to be released on bail, his lawyer, David Trainor, said. During a brief hearing, Trainor asked U.S. Magistrate Linda Walker to segregate Doles from the general prison population because of his ties to the Hillsboro, W.Va.-based separatist group.
I think it can pose a serious threat to him," Trainor said. "I'm afraid for his safety."
Walker said she would make the request to U.S. Marshals officials. After the hearing, Doles embraced his wife before being taken back into custody. The National Alliance has advocated the establishment of all-white "living areas" in the United States and other Western nations. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Famous Jewish Hate Quotes
"The fight against Germany has now been waged for months by every Jewish community, in every conference, in all labor unions and by every single Jew in the world. There are reasons for the assumption that our share in this fight is of general importance. We shall start a spiritual and material war of the whole world against Germany. Germany is striving once again to become a great nation and to recover her lost territories as well as her colonies. But our Jewish interests call for the complete destruction of Germany. The German people are a danger for us Jews, both collectively and individually."
-Vladimir Jabotinsky, founder of the Jewish terrorist organization Irgun
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth. Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 4 -
Zvai Leumi, Mascha Rjetsch, January 1934
"Kill! Nothing in Germany is guiltless, neither the living nor the yet unborn. Follow the words of Comrade Stalin and crush the fascist beast in its lair. Break the racial pride of the German woman. Take her as your legitimate booty. Kill, you brave soldiers of the victorious Soviet Army!"
-Ilya Ehrenburg, Jew, chief Soviet propagandist, in a leaflet to the Red Army, October 1944
"We shall kill. If you have not killed at least one German a day, you have wasted that day . . . If you kill one German, kill another-there is nothing funnier for us than a pile of German corpses."
-Ilya Ehrenburg, January 1945 (The Russians in Germany, Norman M. Naimark, Cambridge, Mass, 1995, p.72)
"Every Jew, somewhere in his being, should set apart a zone of hate-healthy, virile hate-for what the German personifies and for what persists in the German. To do otherwise would be a betrayal of the dead." 00Elie Wiesel, Legends of Our Time, 1968, pp. 177-78
Lincoln Rockwell Not Forgotten
Bloomington, III. -The 85th birthday of National Socialist pioneer George Lincoln Rockwell did not go unmarked by members of his organization. Led by Rockwell's successor and former right-hand man, New Order Commander Matt Koehl, a delegation from the Rockwell organization paid tribute Sunday to their founder in a public vigil outside the former hospital site where the National Socialist champion was born March 9, 1918.
Standing in subzero temperature, the delegation bore a huge streamer with the words "LINCOLN ROCKWELL LIVES!" The group also raised a bright Swastika banner, which caught the eye of thousands of passing motorists as it fluttered proudly in the breeze.
Also prepared specially for the occasion were hundreds of leaflets with the headline "He fought against Hitler," inviting readers to discover for themselves why a man who had once opposed the German Leader would become his greatest champion. A supplementary leaflet described Commander Rockwell's rejection of conservatism and why he came to believe that there was only one way to
victory, and that was through the swastika and faith in Adolf Hitler.
Jews Ask To Speed Zundel's Exit From Canada Coverage Of Wiesenthal Proposal
Toronto, Canada - An international	Jewish	'human
rights' group wants Berlin to suspend	charges	against
Ernst Zundel because it believes the move would force him to leave Canada sooner. Zundel a holocaust revisionist, faces charges in Germany of suspicion of inciting hatred. The accusations are based on statements on his Web site.
He's	fighting	deportation	from
Canada, where he has lived for most of the past 40 years. Zundel went to the U.S. in 2001, vowing never to return again because of a long-fought battle over his views about the holocaust.
But Ernst Zundel applied for refugee status in Canada last month after being deported of the United States, where he was accused of overstaying his visitor's visa. "Every day he continues to remain in Canada, he continues to inflict pain," said Leo Adler of the Wiesenthal Center for holocaust Studies
"He is a hatemonger who uses and abuses the press and the judicial system, and he causes pain and suffering to the survivors of the holocaust when he says the Holocaust never happened," Adler told a news conference in Toronto.
Ernst Zundel Defense Fund Ingrid Rimland 3152 Parkway #13, PMB 109 Pigeon Forge, TN, 37863
To try to quash the refugee claim, Adler said he's asked Germany to suspend charges against Zundel. Although the move may mean that Zundel would no longer face a possible five-year sentence in Germany for alleged hate crimes, getting him out of Canada faster would be worth it, according to Adler. "Every court appearance, every inter-
view, results in his comments being published and aired, and his racist views given ever more exposure," he said. "Ernst Zundel knows that he is free to sow the seeds of hate and racism thanks to the legal loopholes of which he is such a master manipulator." The Wiesenthal centre's campaign to have the charges against Zundel suspended are based on a petition on its Web site. More than 10,000 people have signed it, Adler said. Immigration Minister Denis Coderre hasn't commented on the proposal. Canadian Alliance Foreign Affairs critic Stockwell Day said he's written the government, asking Coderre and Foreign Affairs Minister Bill Graham to discuss the idea because it's "worth exploring."
EU 15 Unable To Agree Law Against Racism
The EU on Friday failed to agree on a general approach to fight racism and xenophobia in the EU states, mainly due to Italy's opposition. Justice and Home Affairs Commissioner Antonio Vitorino expressed dissatisfaction with the line member states are taking over this issue, saying it will mean less protection against racism and discrimination. "The trend the Council is following does not deserve our agreement," Commissioner Vitorino said. "We consider that this framework decision is below the percentage of harmonization that was possible to achieve already on the basis of the common joint action of 1996... and will not be considered by the Commission as the appropriate legal tool."
The EU hopes wants to have common criminal law approach in the EU against racism and xenophobia in order to ensure that the same behavior will be considered an offense in all EU States. It also wants effective penalties and sanctions for persons who commit such offences. Yet member state Justice Ministers failed once to agree on a deal. Italian Justice Minister Roberto Castelli asked the Council to wait for the outcome of the Convention's discussion before taking a decision. The Convention on the future of Europe is currently drafting a constitutional treaty for the EU. Mr Castelli also said that the Council decision on this issue could be used as a tool to attack political enemies. Italy fears that measures against racism and discrimination could be used against the right wing populist Northern League party led by Umberto Bossi, which also forms part of the coalition government. ©EU observer
Friends of Simon
Nordwave RO. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
Pictures from the
- 6 -
Folk Fest:
1. Aryan women who know, how to operate a hammer!
2. Comradeship (Brian from NJ and Chris from Daytona Beach.)
3. Lunch under the Viking sail. This is not your typical McDonald's crowd.
4. Young, middle age and old sharing the same table.
5. Security detail, any questions? Provided by South Florida Aryan Alliance (Dennis, Bobby, Steve, Steve, Bob, Mike and Ken. Your editor with the hammer.)
6. Winners of the Hammer Lifting Competition - Bob in center (1st place) showing medal and a trophy.
Cont from page 1
contest was another attraction for many of the guests including women. Participants wearing a Viking helmet and and a shield took turns lifting the huge wooden hammer. A show of strength was required to compete in this event. All competitors received certificate of award. The 1st place winner was awarded a medal, trophy and an unexpected gift from Bobby — a Scottish tapestry! The second and third place winners received inscripted medals and certificates.
Towards the end of festivities Steve and myself started a very successful raffle. The money raised will be sent to the: Help Free the Bruder Schweigen Project.
The raffle was sponsored by Patriotic Flags (please see their web site at: www.patriotic-flags.com). Four certificates for free flags and an additional flag were donated by these fine people:
please support them, as they support us. Another sponsor of this year's raffle was Steve Watt who donated various items like collectable Wehrmacht soldier, NSDAP 1937 pin, Robert Matthews "Call to arms" CD, David Cole interview with Dr. Franciszek Piper "The truth behind the gates of Auschwitz" DVD, "Nazi Rockwell -- A portrait in sound" CD and a collectable NSDAP large patch for athletic jersey.
Kent W. from Illinois, donated various patches like KKK-Europe and SS eagle.
Dennis Chance from Platoon 14 (you have to hear this group) also donated a brand new CD, recorded by his band.
We are proud to say that this year's event went without any problems --same as last year - except for Associated Press photographer who was escorted from the site for trespassing. The Folk Fest is a family
oriented event, and we will keep it this way, no matter what. We had many families with children present including my daughter Ursula (see the front page picture of her in a Galizien folk costume together with Dr. McLeod.) The brand new playground was a real winner this year, not only for the kids. I think I saw one or two adults with shaved heads taking turns on the swing...
Anyway, I would like to thank my entire family for their dedication and support, without them there would have been no Folk Fest, they did outstanding job!
I also would like to thank J.D. Alder for donating the 'Friends of Germany' banner, Paul, Harry, Pete and Dan for their support, Jussi for providing lots of ice and flowers and Norm for help with the beer. I would also like to thank the entire SFAA for their participation providing secure and safe environment!
Nordwave RO. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
Free The Order Now!
- 5 -
German Far-Right Lawyer Faces Jail Time
Mainz, Germany Prosecutors sought an eight-month prison term Wednesday for a German far rightist who praised the Sept. 11 attacks. Horst Mahler, a lawyer close to the National Democratic Party, was convicted last November on charges of condoning a crime but was not sentenced. He appealed the conviction.
Mahler, 66, praised the suicide pilots as an "army that attacks its enemy" in an interview on German national television 10 days after the attacks. He argues he was asserting his right to free speech, and his lawyer, Hans-Guenter Eisenecker, asked for acquittal in a Mainz court Wednesday. Prosecutor Achim Kroth, in his final arguments Wednesday, said Mahler went beyond the bounds of free speech by taking sides with the Sept. 11 attackers, thereby threatening the peace.
World - AP Europe
Udo Voigt, left, head of far-right German National Democratic Party (NPD), and his lawyer Horst Mahler share a smile in the Federal Constitutional Court in Karlsruhe, southern Germany, March 18, 2003. Germany's highest court threw out the government's bid to outlaw the NPD.
"Joyous distrust is a sign of health. Everything absolute belongs to pathology."
- Friedrich Nietzsche
3cf> i'iebc £>olf! 20 3Cpti[ 1889
Alles Gute zum Geburtstag!
Buon Compleanno!
Joyeux Anniversaire!
S dniom razhdjenia!
Srecan Rodjendan!
Grattis pa fodelsedagen!
La Multi Ani!
Wszystkiego najlepszego z okazji urodzin!
Gratulerer med dagen!
Daudz laimes dzimsanas diena!
Tillykke med fodseldagen!
"We've heard the slogans and read the stories about us, the Bruder Schweigen/Order. Now you can 'emerge from shadows' ancT contribute to the 'Help Free the Bruder Schweigen/Order Project.' Yes, we have a chance to be released. But no, someone else is not doing it. If you don't help it won't get done.
Please send your donations payable to:
Victory Media, Inc.
P.O. Box 163 Newport, MN 55055
Thank you. Bruce C. Pierce (of the Bruder Schweigen)
"The Bruder Schweigen and 2 - 4,000 old law prisoners should have been released years ago." After EIGHTEEN years the men of the Bruders Schweigen have a chance to be free! Please help them raise money for an attorney to make this reality! Please send donations to the address above and pass this message along. Put this on movement websites, chat rooms, and anywhere you can spread the word.
These men put words into action and lived the Fourteen Words. They have a real chance at getting out of the chains that have been holding them for far too long. Imagine losing eighteen years of your life in ZOG's dungeons! This is your race here, people! They fought for us and now it is time to FIGHT FOR THEM!
Even if you have only mere few dollars to spare, they will be greatly appreciated by these men as well as your fellow racial brothers and sisters. By all means, if you have more, please send more. This may be a lot to ask, but they need your help. Try to put yourself in their shoes. Our problems are miniscule in comparison. Thank you for your attention and any help you can possibly contribute.
Hail the Order of Bruder Schweigen!
Patriotic Flags PMB 154, 3971 Hoover Rd, Grove
City, Ohio 43123
t P
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth\ Florida 33466 U.S.A