T?
h
The Euro-American racialist update P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 a hassinger@yahoo.com Price $2

voi.l issue 8
November 10, 2003
Anti-Semitic Attacks Still Plague Minsk
Belarus Won't Give In To The Israeli World Domination, Nationalists And Neo-Communists Fight The Jewish Menace
A
11/6/2003 Minsk, Belarus ~ The closure of the International Humanitarian Institute in Minsk, said to be the only college where the history of Judaism and ancient and modern Hebrew is taught, has been interpreted by some Jewish activists as another display of state-sponsored anti-Semitism, following a rash of other incidents where the authorities tolerated or ignored incitement of hatred against Jews and their property. But Jewish activists have also said that the closure of the IHI isn't necessarily a display of official anti-Semitism, as the president has ordered a mass campaign to reorder all educational institutions under state control and inculcate ideological training to ensure loyalty. There is also the possibility that competition between institutions could be involved, not without official connivance, as the IHI had planned to fund a new campus in the center of town with the help of foreign investors, valued at $32 million.
Jewish community leaders told IWPR that the IHI came on the authorities' radar screen after the passage of a controversial law on religious belief last year that was explicitly designed to give pride of place to the Orthodox
Fatherland, Tsar and Orthodoxy
Church, and the signing of a concordat between the Orthodox Church and the state in June of this year. "There cannot be any equality [of faiths] because now religions are ranked, and the Orthodox Church comes first," Ivan Pashkevich, a deputy in the presidential^ controlled legislature, told IWPR. Education Ministry inspectors were sent to the IHI and found unidentified "shortcomings" which led to the closure of the college.
"This decision has political overtones," Galina Similo, a lecturer at IHI on Judaism, told IWPR. "Whatever the internal debates over the closure of the institute, the international community will see this as a revival of the old Soviet attitude to Jews," she said. Education Minister	Alyaksandr
Radkov denied the charges of anti-Semitism, saying "We treat all nationalities equally," IWPR quoted him as saying, and that the government was streamlining education. In one sense, he is correct: the Belarusian authorities are equal-opportunity oppressors. They have shut down a Belarusian-language lyceum this year and scores of newspapers and civic groups, and have also prevented various religious groups from conducting public events or building places of worship. Still, both Jewish and non-Jewish activists and opposition leaders believe the government still holds the anti-Semitic worldview of the Soviet era, as officials occasionally let slip their attitudes in bigoted comments, or in their failure to speak out against violence against Jews and to protect synagogues,	Cont.	on	page	2
Danish Culture Minister Wants To Prevent State Subsidies Funding National-Socialist Radio Oasis
4
11/12/03	Copenhagen,
Denmark - Alarmed by news that Radio Oasis, a Copenhagen	National-
Socialist radio station, was receiving state funding, Culture Minister Brian Mikkelsen has sent draft legislation stopping the practice of state subsidies automatically granted to local radio and television stations, without due supervision to station content.
If the legislation is passed as expected by parliament, it would hit Radio Oasis, a station run by the Danish National Socialist Movement, which sends out racist propaganda without fear of legal recrimination. Radio Oasis has since 1997 received a yearly subsidy from the state of 10,000 euros, which covers nearly 50 percent of its expenses. "It has always seemed unreasonable to me that a neo-NS radio station could automatically get state subsidies," Mikkelsen said. "That is why I have tabled a proposal requiring applications from local stations for funds to be subjected to close scrutiny by local and national radio & TV boards of control. I expect the new restrictions to be operative on January 1."
The Copenhagen Post
Visit Radio Oasis at: http://www.dnsb.info/radio oasen.htm
Suicide Bombers Blamed For Turkish Attacks
A
gogues
people,
11/16/03 Istanbul, Turkey -Suicide bombers driving two vans loaded with explosives carried out the devastating attacks on two Istanbul syna-which killed at least 23 a diplomatic source said on Sunday. Turkish media said each vehicle was packed with 400 kg (850 pounds) of explosives and two corpses had been found with wires attached to them suggesting they might be suicide bombers. Turkey and Israel, vowing not to let Saturday's attacks damage rare close ties between the Jewish state and a Muslim nation, blamed what they called international terrorists.
Working side-by-side and inch-byinch, Turkish police and Israeli Mossad secret service teams combed through the wreckage outside the two synagogues. "The Turkish probe has found that the two separate attacks were suicide bombings," Cont. page 3
Don't Support Delayers. Support Nordwave!
- 2 -
Cont. from page 1
[Anti-Semitic Attacks Still Plague Minsk]
and the mass-grave sites of the Holocaust. Belarus, located in the region known as the "Pale of Settlement" in tsarist Russia, once had a population of at least a million Jews. Today, a mainly elderly population of between 25,000-50,000 people who identify themselves as Jewish remain. Others with Jewish roots hide their background to avoid discrimination, just as they did in the Soviet era. While other former Soviet republics have made progress in returning buildings to the Jewish community confiscated under the Soviets, in Belarus, authorities so far have turned over nine synagogues while continuing to house various official agencies in 34 other facilities once owned by the community, "Belarus Update" reported in July 2003, citing AFP and local media. Last summer, there was a rash of grave vandaliza-tions, with more than 50 Jewish tombstones smashed in two Minsk cemeteries, Yury Dorn, head of the Jewish Religious Union, said. Seventy gravesites were also desecrated in Borisov and other localities, and "anti-Semites feel impunity" in Belarus, Dorn said, because the authorities dismiss such actions as unrelated to ethnic hatred and dismiss it as teenage "hooliganism." Officials contacted by AFP shrugged when asked to comment on the tombstone vandalism and said only police could decide to open criminal investigations, although law-enforcement bodies are totally under the control of the executive branch in Belarus. Even President Alyaksandr Lukashenka himself has been dismissive, calling the grave desecration accidental "hooligan action" and even implying that not native Belarusians, but foreigners could be responsible for the vandalism. The systematic nature of such "hooliganism" is tacitly admitted by the parliament's call last year -uncharacteristically outspoken - to stop the destruction of Jewish cultural monuments in Minsk, signed by 75
■	m	in	W
I 1 \ /\ / I I 11 V V 1
H	9s	w	m
Nordwave is published monthly. Single issue - $2, yearly subscription
-	[12 issues] $20. Outside US: single issue - $2,
yearly subscription
-	[12 issues] $25 Please send US dollars, check or M.O. made out to "CASH" or
"Alex Hassinger. " All subscriptions are considered donations.
Prisoners rates are: [3] - 37 Cent stamps for a single issue, we are not responsible for rejected mailings.
deputies. A 19th-century synagogue was demolished in 2001, and a parking lot was slated to pave over the ruins of a 17th-century synagogue.
In September, Yakov Hutman of the World Association of Belarusian Jews protested a gas-pipeline excavation in Mozyr at the site of a house where about 40 Jews, including Hutman's grandfather, were said to have committed self-immolation in 1941 to avoid surrender to the Germans. City officials deny the story, saying they have no documents to prove the allegations. No international Holocaust memorial sites make mention of the Mozyr events, although the language barrier and lack of access to the area have made it difficult for outside researchers to investigate such events.
Relatives say the KGB archives contain reports of the fire. Indirectly, the Belarusian Culture Ministry acknowledged the story by putting the Mozyr site on a list of places for historical preservation, but local officials overrode the efforts to protect the site. As has often been the case in Belarus, officials invoke the equality of suffering of Jews and non-Jews in World War II as a way of downplaying the Holocaust. "Must we leave the city without gas because of Jews? I am not an anti-Semite, but Belarusians suffered no less than the Jews," Syarhey Kostyan, a parliamentary deputy from Mozyr, was quoted as saying by the "St. Petersburg Times" on 23 September. "Haaratz" quoted Kostyan as saying, "We live in a Slavic country, not a Jewish-Masonic one," on 20 November 2002, when he dissented from the appeal against the destruction of the historical synagogue sites signed by 75 of his fellow parliamentarians.
Mozyr reportedly had a prewar population of 7,000 Jews, reduced to 1,000 today. Local activists have signed a petition to halt and reroute the pipeline and also stop construction of another building on a historic Jewish grave site. They had some success, in getting construction to stop, but the disposition of the remains of victims still remains at issue. In Hrodno, a similar story played out as local activists protested renovation of a soccer stadium which disturbed a Jewish cemetery, but then were unable to get authorities to abide by their pledge for a proper reburial.
Jewish organizations were alarmed at official tolerance of hate literature
and speech at the All-Belarusian Union of Cossacks, blessed by the Orthodox leadership, Belapan reported 28 October, such as "Russkii Vestnik," a nationalist Russian Orthodox newspaper notorious for promoting such anti-Semitic myths as the "blood libel" claim of ritualistic murders of children. A brochure called for prayer to "save our Russian Orthodox Fatherland and our people from the Yid yoke that struggles against God." Jewish leaders called on the	Belarusian	Orthodox	Church to
condemn the distribution of hate literature at the Cossacks' conference. A Russian Orthodox Church spokesman told Belapan that he had no ties to the Cossacks, who were known historically to attack Jews and have continued to be associated with hate crimes to the present day. A week prior to the incident, President Lukashenka had gone on record	as saying
there was	no enmity
between denominations, although he implied with a comment about the "strong Orthodox community" and the "smaller denominations" that non-Orthodox groups had to fall into line. Jewish groups had tried to get the distribution of "Russkii vestnik" stopped	in	April of this	year, and
appealed to Prosecutor-General Viktar Sheiman to stop the publication in view of the Criminal Code's penalty for incitement of ethnic or religious enmity.
This year, the Israeli Embassy in Belarus closed its doors, a move that the ambassador from Israel said was strictly related to cost-cutting measures that had led to embassy closures in a number of countries. Jewish groups were sorry to see Israel leave, because the embassy had provided some protection for them and had also encouraged and supported educational and cultural programs. The departure was unfortunate, Nikolai Butkevich of the Union of Councils of Jews in the Former Soviet Union told "RFE/RL Civil Societies." "The government in Belarus has by far made the least progress of any post-Soviet state in ridding itself of the ideology of state-sponsored anti-Semitism," Butkevich said. While Lukashenka has recently made a few positive rhetorical gestures to the Jewish community and to Israel, he has not disavowed his anti-Semitic comments of the past, he said. And actions belie the rhetoric, as the Belarusian government has targeted Jewish educational facilities for closure. "There has been very little effort on the part of officials to protect the Jewish
“We live in a Slavic country, not a Jewish-Masonic one!"
-• Syarhey Kostyan, parliamentary deputy
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 3 -
community and its communal property from attacks by neo-Nazis," Butkevich said. Activists declared at least a small victory this week in getting Minsk city authorities to reverse a decision to discontinue the lease of a Jewish Sunday school that had rented space from a school for the deaf on weekends. After vocal protests from Jewish and human rights groups, officials said the school could continue using the space but there was some uncertainty about the decision because it had not yet been produced in writing. Already six other Sunday schools have been closed, and groups that meet informally and receive international support feel they are in jeopardy.
©RFE/RL
Cont. from page 1 [Suicide Bombers Blamed For Turkish AttacksJ were suicide bombings," a diplomatic source close to the investigation told Reuters. Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan vowed to leave no stone unturned in bringing to justice those responsible for an attack which injured more than 300 people and wrecked buildings and cars over wide areas around the synagogues. More than 70 victims remained in hospital. Reuters
German [Kosher] Baby Food Blamed In Israeli Infant Deaths
♦
11/14/03 - Humana Milch-union one of the biggest German baby formula producer, is under investigation over a faulty kosher formula which caused death of three Israeli infants. The Jewish Mossad and the Shin Bet secret service joined the investigation. One of the ministers -Boaz Lev raised the possibility of sabotage to the kosher soy-based milk substitute. (The kosher formula is made for an Israeli company called Remedia.)
At present Humana is conducting its own investigation; the American H.J. Heinz Co., which owns 51% of Remedia, has offered its assistance. Two lawsuits were filled as well in Israel against the Jewish owned Remedia, seeking more than $222 million in damages. The Israeli Health Ministry stated that more than twenty infants suffered from a disorder caused by deficiency in the vitamin after drinking the formula. The Humana formula was also taken off shelves in Orthodox Jewish neighborhoods in New York City.
Nordwave Staff
Prodi: 'EU May Have Fuelled Bias Against Israel7
By David Cronin
some of those quizzed. Addressing the European Parliament's foreign affairs committee, Patten agreed the questions were "crude" but said it would be "preposterous" to go back to the 7,500 people and suggest they should change their minds.
A
factor poll
11/2/03 - Romano Prodi, European Commission president, has acknowledged for the first time that EU policy towards Israel could be a in the findings of an opinion which showed that most Europeans regard the Jewish state as the biggest threat to world peace.
HSB8	***** 9%	
=~- hvdr'EU —		
Writing exclusively for European Voice today (Page 9), the former Italian premier says the results of the poll, which was commissioned by the
EU ex-
turopean Voice ecutive,
left him in a state of "deep
may have	A IJ	chnek"
fuelled bia* J 1 I SnOLK .
against Israel*	| j	Israeli
diplomats strongly denounced
the Eurobarometer	survey.	From	a
sample of 7,500 people across the EU, 59% named Israel as the number one enemy of world peace, with the US, North Korea and Iran finishing joint second, ahead of	Iraq. The
Israeli EU embassy said the questions asked by the pollsters were biased against their country.
Prodi accepts that the questions were formulated in an "ambiguous way", but says what is more important is that the EU ask itself why the poll produced such an "unbalanced judgement"." Has the policy that we, the European Union and the individual member states, have followed towards Israel and more generally towards the Middle East over the years ...played any part in creating the imbalance? And to what extent might any vestiges of prejudice or real anti-Semitism have influenced our judgement?," he asks.
Prodi met leading Jewish organizations in New York on Tuesday (4 November) and also held talks with Cobi Benatoff, president of the European Jewish Congress yesterday, in the wake of the controversial poll. He wants a seminar with representatives of the Jewish community in Brussels in a bid to heal the rifts which it has opened up.
Speaking earlier, External Relations Commissioner Chris Patten said extremist rhetoric by Israeli politicians may have triggered ill-feeling among
In other developments, Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qorei called for the dismantling of a barrier being built by Israel in the West Bank during a meeting in Ramallah with the special EU envoy to the region. During talks with Marc Otte, Qorei emphasized the need to halt "construction [of the barrier] as a first step to its destruction". Otte also criticized the route of the barrier: "If this causes the confiscation of Palestinian lands...instead of contributing to Israel's security, the fence will create new frustrations and arouse opposition," he said.
© The Economist Newspaper Limited
Diversity Double Talk
4
10/24/03 — An Arizona college professor who dared criticize the racism expressed in a Latino Dia de La Raza celebration is being called abrasive and divisive by school administrators and local lawmakers, reports the Arizona Republic. Math professor Walter Kehowski circulated an email criticizing "diversity double-talk" at Maricopa Community College and proclaiming "the superiority of Western civilization." The professor said ethnic groups should be assimilated into society and lamented the fact that some activists use ethnic pride as an excuse for separatism.The Chancellor of the university called the language insensitive, and Democratic State Rep. Steve Gallardo said the professor has created a hostile learning environment and used school resources "to promote his prejudice." Tongue Tied
Mannequin of Color
10/24/03 - A witch mannequin hanging from a noose as part of a Halloween decoration in Pennsylvania has drawn the ire of some locals who say it is racist, reports the York Dispatch. Connie Kirkendall's yard display, which includes several witches in various poses with skin described as somewhere between olive and light brown color, is scaring minority kids at a nearby school. Jimmy Spells, who drives by the display often, called the witch a "mannequin of color."
Tongue Tied
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 4 -
Arrested 'Count' Was Heavily Armed
10/28/03 Oslo, Norway ~ Varg Vi kernes, the NSBM musician and the man behind the NS pagan band Burzum, serving 21 year sentence for murder of 0ystein Aarseth and burning of three churches, was heavily armed when police recaptured him after he tried to flee continued prison confinement. He's now back in higher-security custody and faces additional jail time.
Vikernes, known as Count Grishnackh [alias taken from a JRR Tolkien book] after a string of 'hate' crimes in the early 1990s, was said to have been equipped like a commando when police forced the stolen car he was driving off an Oslo highway	early
Monday. Newspaper VG reported Tuesday that Vikernes wearing camouflage clothing, was carrying knives, an AG3 automatic rifle, and possessed a gas mask, mobile telephones, a Global Positioning System, maps and a compass.
Nordwave Staff
German MP Defends Jewish Remarks
10/2/03 Berlin, Germany — A German parliamentarian has refused to apologise for remarks that appeared to compare Jews during the Bolshevik Revolution to Nazis in World War II.
Conservative Martin Hohmann had said many Jews were active in execution squads during the Russian Revolution. Members of Mr Hohmann's CDU party responded angrily and Jewish leaders have threatened to take legal action. The Christian Democrats have faced allegations in the past about members having links to the extreme right.
'Perpetrators'
Mr Hohmann's comments, made in a 3 October speech, have only surfaced now. He compared the killings in Russia's violent 1917 revolution, which he said were orchestrated by Jews, with the murder of Europe's Jews during the Holocaust of World War II. According to a transcript of his speech on the website of his local CDU branch in Neuhof, Mr Hohmann
said: "Jews were active in great numbers in the leadership as well as in the Cheka [Soviet secret police] firing squads."
"Thus one could describe Jews with some justification as a Taetervolk [a race of perpetrators]. That may sound horrible. But it would follow the same logic with which one describes the Germans as a race of perpetrators." However, he went on to say: "Neither the Germans nor the Jews are a race of perpetrators." The speech has since been taken off the site. The BBC's Ray Furlong in Berlin says Mr Hohmann went further in defending his remarks on national television. He said the MP demanded "justice" for Germans and that they should not define themselves as the nation who caused Auschwitz. In a brief statement on Friday, without apologising or directly retracting his comments, Mr Hohmann said: "I describe neither the Jews nor the Germans as a nation of perpetrators." "It wasn't and isn't my intention to hurt anyone's feelings."
Taboo
The head of Germany's Jewish community, Paul Spiegel, called Mr Hohmann's speech "a reach into the lowest drawer of disgusting anti-Semitism". He said he had spoken to CDU leader Angela Merkel and assured reporters "she shared my views". Ms Merkel said Mr Hohmann's words were "completely unacceptable and intolerable, and we distance ourselves from them absolutely". She has spoken to the lawmaker on the telephone, but has not said the party will expel him. Our correspondent says any criticism of Jewish people is still a taboo in Germany, which makes this incident extremely embarrassing for Mr Hohmann's party. Dieter Wiefelspuetz, a senior parliamentarian for Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats, took a harder line. "There is no place for anti-Semites in the German parliament," he said.
Deutsche Welle
[ed. Last week Mr Hohmann was expelled from the "conservative" CDU party.]
Top General Sacked As Anti-Semitism Scandal Spread
11/5/2003 Berlin, Germany — German Defense Minister Peter Struck has fired the head of Germany's Special Forces after he voiced support for anti-Semitic comments made by conservative MP Martin Hohmann.
The	anti-Semitism	row	that	has
dominated the German press over the past week erupted again in dramatic style on Tuesday when a top general in the	German army	was	fired	for
expressing support for the comments made by Martin Hohmann.Brigadier General Reinhard Gunzel, the head of Germany's prestigious special forces unit, the 1,000 strong elite Kommando Spezialkrafte (KSK) which participates in foreign missions such as Afghanistan, was dismissed after writing a letter of support to the MP,	praising Hohmann's	speech	in
which he mentioned	the	actions	of
Jews in the Russian revolution. The revelations came to light after Hohmann appeared on Germany's public television station ZDF over the weekend, brandishing the letter from the 59-year-old General Gunzel and backing away from an apology he made under pressure from opposition colleagues. "An apology would, I think, be a signal that the facts to which I referred are not correct," he said. "But the facts are correct."
Letter of praise
In the letter sent to Hohmann by the Special Forces commander, who had recently returned with his troops after serving in Afghanistan, Gunzel allegedly wrote, "An excellent speech... of a courage, truth and clarity that you rarely hear or read in our country." Complaining about a climate in Germany in which those expressing nationalistic views were immediately labeled rightwing extremists, Gunzel added, "You can be sure that you speak for the majority of Germans... Don't let the accusations from the dominant left camp put you off." After consultations with various officials, German Defense Minister Peter Struck decided to relieve Gunzel of his post, a move seen by many in the ruling red-green coalition government as a brave stand against anti-Semitism.
Damaging to Germany and army Struck told reporters: "This is about a lone, confused general who agreed with an even more confused statement made by a conservative member of parliament." He added that Gunzel's views were not those of the army. "His remarks damaged the Federal Republic of Germany as well as the German Army," Struck said. "I have decided to relieve him of his command and to dismiss him. With that, the case is closed for me." A spokesman for the defense ministry added, "The removal of a general is a very, very rare occurrence. I am not sure whether it has ever happened before."
Pressure on Merkel
The defense minister's decision has
added strength to the calls from the
Varg Vi kernes
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 5 -
left for action to be taken by the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) chief Angela Merkel to fire Hohmann for his comments. To date, the party has only gone as far as to distance itself from the offending MP and remove him from his position on a parliamentary committee responsible for dealing with reparation claims by Holocaust survivors. He has not been fully dismissed. The German press has also focused on this angle and is beginning to exert pressure on Merkel in scathing editorials. The daily Suddeutsche Zeitung said on Wednesday, "Everything that applies to Mr. Gunzel applies equally to deputy Hohmann... He should be expelled from the party caucus. Unlike Struck, however, CDU chief Merkel has not yet summoned up the courage to do this." The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung added that "the CDU must part company with Hohmann and his ilk." Deidre Berger, head of the American Jewish Committee office in Berlin told reporters, "We are certain that the CDU will take the necessary measures to deal with these issues," and called Struck's action "extremely encouraging."
Jewish leader makes formal complaint Legal action could also be taken against Hohmann following complaints made by Paul Spiegel, president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany, and an unnamed private citizen. Proceeding with the complaint, prosecutors in the central German city of Fulda opened an investigation on Monday, accusing the MP of incitement, slander and disparaging the dead for his comments in the October 3rd speech. Anti-Semitic remarks constitute a crime under German law. In his speech made on the anniversary of German reunification, Hohmann argued that Germans still shoulder the burden of Nazi crimes, but other nations with bloody pasts continue to play the role of "innocent lambs," citing the French revolution and the prominent role of Jews in the 1917 communist revolution in Russia. "With a certain justification, one could ask in view of the millions killed in the first phase of the revolution about the 'guilt' of the Jews," Hohmann said. "It would follow the same logic with which the Germans are described as a race of perpetrators."
©Deutsche Welle
Work On Holocaust Memorial Stopped Over Degussa Role
Berlin, Germany - Work on Berlin's much delayed Holocaust memorial has been
halted following objections to the participation of chemicals maker Degussa, which once had a unit involved in the production of Zyklon B.The foundation charged with the construction of the high-profile monument had stopped indefinitely as it sought a replacement for Degussa, which was to coat the memorial to protect it against graffiti. According to reports in the German media, foundation board member Lea Rosh said that contracting Degussa could offend many Holocaust survivors, since the company's former subsidiary Degesch supplied "Zyklon B" hydrogen cyanide gas pellets to the concentration camps."The problem we discussed is very complicated," Rosh told the Berliner Morgenpost on Sunday. "We asked ourselves: Where should one draw the line? And we came to conclusion the line is very clearly Zyklon B."
President of the German parliament the Bundestag and memorial foundation chairman Wolfgang Thierse pleaded for all parties not to engage in smearing the name of a company that now had a respectable international reputation. "We'll stop the work and will check the possibilities for using a comparable product for graffiti protection," Thierse told German ARD television. Architect Eisenman had previously said he didn’t want the concrete steies to be treated with a special anti-graffiti agent, arguing sprayers and vandals would find a way to paint the pillars if they really wanted to.It's unclear whether the decision to replace Degussa will postpone the completion of the memorial scheduled for 2005. Eisenman was only able to place the first pillars of the 27 million project on the site this August. Rosh, however, remained optimistic the delay would not be very long."Another company can be found," she told the Associated Press on Sunday. She added that other firms had bid for the contract alongside Degussa, which offered to do the coating at a lower price as a sort of informal attempt to help set the past right. "Even if they had done it for free it wouldn't have worked out. They offered their hand, but we weren't able to take it," Rosh said.Degussa said in a statement released over the weekend that the company will respond to the matter at an appropriate time.
Deutsche Welle
Viking Ice Cream
Ft. Lauderdale, FL - Finally, a true pagan dairy product. Walking in my local Publix store (grocery store in the southeast), I realized something a little different in the freezer
The "GUNFANI" Traditional Viking Raven Flag
Available exclusively from Patriotic Flags $13.00 Postage Paid
PMB 154 3971 Hoover Rd.
Grove City, Ohio 43123
patriotic-flags.com
section. Valhalla Ice Cream Cvalhallaicecream.com], with flavors like Freya's Pure Vanilla, Odin's Exciting Wildberries, and many more. What's great about this ice cream is it gives brief descriptions of the gods on the container. For example, "Thor is the Norse God of Thunder and one of the most powerful gods." I think this is a wonderful idea and I really hope it takes off. Valhalla ice cream is located at your local Publix store. Nordwave Staff
Australia's Hanson Free From Jail
11/6/2003 Sydney, Australia - Australian right-wing politician Pauline Hanson has been freed from jail after her conviction in August for election fraud was overturned. Ms Hanson, founder of the antiimmigration One Nation party, left jail on Thursday. "I got caught up in a system that I saw fail me and I am so concerned now for the other women behind the bars... and men," she said. The party's co-founder, David Ettridge, has also seen his conviction quashed. Ms Hanson's appeal was upheld unanimously by three judges on the Queensland Court of Appeal. They said her conviction was unsafe. Ms Hanson, 49, was not in court for the hearing, but a small group of her friends and family welcomed the decision. Her sister, Judy Smith, told reporters: "I am angry that she has been 11 weeks in jail where she shouldn't have been." Ms Hanson's supporters are now demanding a national inquiry into her treatment by the authorities. "There are questions
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 6 -
The Euro-American racialist update m 1 rn Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466
a_hassinger@yahoo.com Price $2
uAN watch
Wenn alle untreu
werden,
so bleiben doch treu!
Am 9.November 1923, 12.30 Uhr nachmittags, fielen vor der Feldhermhalle sowie im Hofe des ehemaligen Kriegsministeriums zu Munchen folgende Manner im treuen Glauben an die Wiederauferstehung ihres Volkes:
Felix Alfarth, Andreas Bauriedl, Theodor Casella, Wilhelm Ehrlich, Martin Faust, Anton Hechenberger, Oskar Korner, Karl Kuhn, Karl Laforce, Kurt Neubauer, Claus von Pape, Theodor von der Pfordten, Johann Rickmers,
Max Erwin von Scheubner-Richter, Lorenz Stransky, Wilhelm Wolf.
Deutsche Behorden verweigerten den toten Helden ein gemeinsames Grab.
Cont. from page 5 [Australia's Hanson Free From Jail ImmigrationJ to be asked at state and federal level about Pauline's investigation, prosecution and incarceration," said Bill Flynn, One Nation leader in the Queensland state parliament.
Immigration
Ms Hanson had been found guilty of fraudulently registering her One Nation party in the Australian state of Queensland. Prosecutors said that she had used the names of supporters as genuine members of her party in order to qualify for $300,000 in electoral funding. She and David Ettridge each spent 78 nights in jail. Pauline Hanson was a former fish-and-chip
shop owner who burst onto Australia's political scene in 1996 when she won a seat as an independent in the federal parliament on a platform opposing immigration and what she saw as handouts to aborigines. A year later she set up One Nation, along with David Ettridge. Their party won almost 25% of votes in a state election in 1998, but after that support began to fade, and Ms Hanson lost her own seat in a federal vote in the same year. Internal rivalries began to pull One Nation apart and Ms Hanson left the party last year to concentrate on her legal difficulties. Her conviction and jailing in August led to an upswing in sympathy and support. A BBC correspondent in Australia, Phil Mercer, says her release from jail could riow. re-ignite her political career.
©BBC News
Adolf Hitler Stadium
On September 2nd 1934 in Hindenburg, Silesia, [now Zabrze, Poland] Gauleiter Helmuth Bruckner christened the newly built sport complex - Adolf Hitler Stadium.
69 years later the reporters from the Jewish owned Gazeta Wyborza newspaper, found out that the stadium in Hindenburg/Zabrze never officially, changed its name from Adolf Hitler to G6rnik Zabrze [the local soccer club.] As far as everybody is concerned the name of Adolf Hitler Stadium is still official in the city's magistrate records. The new owner of the club want's to change the name of the stadium, but for three years he and the mayor of Zabrze are unable to acomplish this simple task.
Recently Polish television Polsat, has been interviewing soccer players and fans from Zabrze about this controversial issue. The majority of them said they didn't mind the name of Adolf Hitler - and that it is as good as any other. Some even said they would like to stick with tradition... Nordwave Staff
Probably The Best Sperm In The World
Best known for exports of lager, butter and bacon, another Danish product could soon be on the wish list of British housewives.
11/06/03 - Denmark is to launch a new export service to the UK. This time not beer, butter or bacon, but the finest quality sperm. According to the daily newspaper BT, thousands of childless British women could soon be looking to Danes to father their children due to an acute lack of sperm donors in the UK.The newspaper adds that if, as is widely expected, the UK's fertility watchdog legalises 'bulk'
r	AM+r	twa wy*	*■) H	• i a	^	a
• I I i 11 I ipu i u IT Will UiJrvUU/ UjJ t Kj
5,000 childless British women could receive sperm donations from Denmark.
Sensationalist tabloid The Sun last week made a direct parallel between the import of Danish sperm and the Viking invasion of Britain over 1000 years ago. 'If the Danes are to come to the rescue it will not be the first time in history that a large amount of their sperm has found its way over here,1 the paper wrote. 'More than a thousand years ago, Danish sperm was also distributed by the Vikings, regardless of whether British virgins wanted it or not.1
Sperm shortages are a problem throughout UK, where birth control clinics are struggling to attract enough men to become sperm donors. Many potential donors are put off by worries that their anonymity will not be preserved, while others have expressed fears of being registered in an official database.
The Copenhagen Post
; "The time is yours. What happens with it depends on you."
— Clausewitz
Don't Support Delayers. Support Nordwave!