NC
IV
\

A V
The Euro-American racialist update P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 a hassinger@yahoo.com Price $2

voi.2 issue 10
January 10, 2004
The Lord Of The Rings' Gimli Speaks Up For The West
Actor John Rhys-Davies Makes Pro White-Comments
01/07/04	— Since The
Fellowship Of The Ring debuted two years ago, egalitarians around the world have whined endlessly about the "racist" and "fascist" nature of Peter Jackson's The Fellowship Of The Rings films. With a few exceptions, Jewish film critics have relentlessly derided each installment of the trilogy	as
"simple-minded,-" "unimaginative,"	and
"boring." In general, they hate the whole thing.
The few young egalitarians that cant help marvel at its spectacular cinematographic achievements debate their co-ideologues in vain. With the final film in theaters and remarkable pro-White comments made recently by one of the film's main actors, its egalitarian defenders-in-denial may as well throw in the towel; the whiners are right.
The very first film raised the eyebrows of everybody who appreciates the important role the entertainment media play in subconsciously shaping the world perception of a vast portion of the global population. Jews and ideological egalitarians hated to see a group of heroes manage anything heroic without the help of non-Europeans. They hated even more to see images of culturally rich communities somehow manage to exist at all, let alone flourish, without the cultural "enrichment" they claim European
by Neil Camberly
culture needs and luckily receives from Asian and African immigrants. And they hated most of all to see the features of such immigrants appear in the film only in the faces and manners of the evil, genetically pre(mis)disposed Orks and Uruk-Hai hordes. And, as usual, all of this
hatred was manifested in shrieks of 'racism!7
But the films are "fascist," too. They hold up beauty as something inherently good, and ugliness as something inherently bad. Their heroes are strong men and women of honor, decency and moral character. The films glorify ethnic collectivism and nationalism, self-sacrifice on behalf of one's biological community, and courage in the face of overwhelming odds and overbearing evil. Like the 20th century's Fascist philosopher-kings, Tolkein's Kings spend little time taking votes from their nervous soldiers and citizens over whether their kingdoms should perish with honor or perish with each man desperately trying to save his own skin. But most of all, the films earn their "fascist" credentials by clearly delineating good and evil in the tradition of Western literature's great adventure stories. Sure, Treasure Island's Long John Silver was a hero made more interesting by his lack of a few scruples here and there. But films with the spirit of Jackson's trilogy have been unarguably Cont. on page 2
Nationalists Strong In Serbian Vote
12/29/03 - Serbian nationalists scored strongly in Sunday's parliamentary elections, dashing reformists' hopes of forming an outright majority in a new democratic alliance, according to unofficial results. The ultranationalist Serbian Radical Party (SRS) won more than 27.5 per cent of the vote and will be the biggest party in the 250-seat parliament, the independent Center for Free and Fair Elections (CESID) said. The Socialist Party of former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic just scraped past the minimum threshold of five per cent and could join the Radicals and a third party to form a majority. Milosevic could well land a parliamentary seat from his prison cell at The Hague but he will be unable to carry out his mandate as his trial for alleged war crimes committed in the 1990s is ongoing. Head of the Serbian Radical Party, Vojislav Seselj, a Milosevic ally and fellow war crimes indictee, could also win a mandate. In both cases the seats could be taken by other party members.
CESID spokesman Marko Blagojevic said the two parties could only "put Milosevic’s and Seseij's photo on the seats in the assembly" if they choose not to replace them with other candidates. "The SPS and the SRS getting into parliament theoretically means that Milosevic and Seselj can become deputies, but I don't know how this will be of any use for their parties, especially with such disposal of power," he said. Final official results are not expected until Wednesday but CESID's partial returns showed that democratic parties that were touted to win a majority in coalition would not have it so easy. CESID said the Democratic Party of Serbia (DSS) of former Yugoslav president Vojislav Kostunica would be the second strongest party in parliament with 17.4 per cent of the vote.
The Democratic Party (DS) of late prime minister Zoran Djindjic, who was assassinated by a mafia sniper in March, would win 12.7 per cent and another moderate reformist group, the G17 Plus under liberal economist Miroljub Labus, would gain 11.4 per cent of the votes. Kostunica said it was "too early" to talk about forming a government, but Labus insisted the democratic forces should "reconsider" the options and "find a solution." "We need the democratic path to continue as well as the process of opening of our country towards the European Union," Labus said. Cont on page 2
John Rhys-Davies as Gimli
Don't Support Delayers. Support Nordwave!
- 2 -
Cont. from page 1
[The Lord Of The Rings' Gim/i Speaks Up For The WestJ
the exception, not the rule, at least since Oliver Stone had us laughing as Woody Harrelson blasted a sport cyclist off of his bike with a twelve gauge shotgun for no reason at all. Hollywood does little these days to conceal its glorification of absolute depravity, even if that wasn't Stone's intention.
But Peter Jackson is no Hollywood director, and he avoided the real pressure to 'diversify7 his second and third films of the trilogy by filming all three simultaneously. Egalitarians weren't very pleased with George Lucas7 1977 film Star Wars, for many of the same reasons, and it was no small inconvenience to Lucas that he was pressured to cast Colt 45 Malt Liquor spokesman Billy Dee Williams as Lando Calrissian in The Empire Strikes Back. Still, considering the nature of the film industry of late, one can only rightly assume that heavy pressure to multiracialize Lotr was put on Peter Jackson before he even began filming. Perhaps he had no pro-Western, ideological motives at all. Perhaps he merely convincingly argued that black Elf warriors would have been even more cheesy and '90s7 than that goofy black Vulcan they have on one of the myriad new child-minded Star Trek shows.
Or perhaps not. The final film, an utterly surreal masterpiece, sent a significant message by concluding with a battle whose heroes were exhorted to fight with a line Peter Jackson could have easily left out of Aragorn7s script: "By all that we hold dear on this Earth I bid you stand, men of the West!" Controversy has ensued. It is all over the net. And now it is exacerbated by a development that gives the strongest hint yet that Lotr may indeed be a trilogy that consciously expresses the spirit of our people.
From the BNP7s Steve Blake, we get
NORDWAVE
Nordwave is published monthly. Single issue - $2, yearly subscription
-	[12 issues] $20. Outside US: single issue - $2,
yearly subscription
-	[12 issues] $25 Please send US dollars, check or M.O. made out to "CASH" or
"Alex Hassinger. " All subscriptions are considered donations.
Prisoners rates are: [3] - 37 Cent stamps for a single issue, we are not responsible for rejected mailings.
news that John Rhys-Davies, the talented character actor who played the axe-wielding Dwarf Gimli, (Rhys-Davies is actually over 6 feet tall, as he appears in Raiders Of The Lost Ark), used the Hollywood premier of The Return Of The King to express some views that undoubtedly left many of his Hollywood colleagues (but certainly not Mel Gibson) shocked and terrified.
The following quotes do more than shed light on the attitudes of those behind the Lord Of The Rings trilogy. That they were made with confidence to the senior enemies of our civilization on their most secure territory illustrates a most important truth we must understand at this point: The postwar age of Jewish media monopoly is over. Prior to a few years ago, they were able to erode our morale and sap our strength by ignoring us or painting us as mere freaks to be trotted out on talk shows. The final nails have been hammered into the coffin of this horribly effective weapon they had against us.
The tide is turning. Imagine the following words emanating from Hollywood ten years ago. It would have been unthinkable:
"There is a demographic catastrophe happening in Europe that nobody wants to talk about, that we dare not bring up because we are so cagey about not offending people racially. "You do realize that in this town (Hollywood), what I've been saying is rather like, sort of - oh well, I can't find a comparable blasphemy...
"But we've got to get a bit serious. What is unconscionable is that too many of your fellow journalists do not understand how precarious Western civilization is and what a joy it is. From it, we get real democracy. From it, we get the sort of intellectual tolerance that allows me to propound something that may be completely alien to you around this table.... "I'm burying my career so substantially in these interviews that it's painful. But I think that there are some questions that demand honest answers. "I think that Tolkien says that some generations will be challenged. And if they do not rise to meet that challenge, they will lose their civilization. That does have a real resonance with me.77 It has a resonance with the vast, landslide majority of White people all over the world. That's why they love Peter Jackson's films, and that's one of the reasons we are going to win.
Cont from page 1
[Nationalists Strong In Serbian VoteJ With no party or alliance securing a clear majority, all eyes will focus on the Serbian Renewal Party of veteran
campaigner Vuk Draskovic, which CESID predicted would win 8.2 per cent of the vote. In the first post-election statements, Draskovic indirectly ruled out the possibility of joining an SRS-led cabinet. "Serbia has no future or hope in conflict with Europe and the United States and there is no hope with those who support Saddam Hussein," Draskovic told reporters in a clear reference to the SRS's anti-Western stance. Whatever the make-up of the new government, hopes that Sunday's election would end months of political instability and unblock reforms deemed vital for Serbia's entry to the European Union and NATO faded quickly after the polling booths closed.
A nationalist government under the Radicals would lead to international isolation and an end to Serbia's halting progress	towards
Europe, EU foreign policy envoy Javier Solana warned in Belgrade earlier this month. The Radicals have promised to suspend all cooperation with The Hague tribunal and protect communist-era jobs from Western-style market liberalization. "We won this victory for Vojislav Seselj and citizens who are fed up with humiliation, who want jobs, who want to bring up their kids in the patriotic spirit," said senior Radicals official Tomislav Nikolic. Their momentum - the Radicals won a presidential election last month only to have the result invalidated due to insufficient turnout - has alarmed European capitals. But foreign diplomats said Serbia would commit political suicide if it reverted to the nationalist past and tried to turn back the clock on democratic reforms.
"Even if we consider the five per cent chance of the Radicals coming into power... I think they would not embrace completely the Milosevic agenda because that would be suicide," Maurizio Massari, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ambassador to Serbia and Montenegro, told AFP ahead of the election. The incumbent democratic alliance, which helped oust Milosevic from power in 2000 and ended the country's international isolation during the 1990s, split last year and collapsed after the assassination of Djindjic in March. Meanwhile corruption scandals, the failure of reforms to bring quick economic gains, and popular opposition to the UN war crimes court at The Hague have boosted the nationalists' cause, analysts said.
AFP
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 3 -
Chester Doles Pleads Guilty To Weapons Charges
1/14/04 - A longtime white supremacist pled guilty to federal weapons charges Monday with the help of a former Congressman. WSB's Veronica Waters reports Second Amendment advocate Bob Barr is co-counsel to a fourth-generation Ku Klux Klansman who was recently the Georgia leader of a white supremacist group. Chester Doles, a resident of Dahlonega, entered guilty pleas to six counts of being a felon in possession of weapons.
Barr says Chester Doles' racist history is irrelevant to the case. "If we limited ourselves, as attorneys, to taking only those cases with people who have backgrounds like the four of us standing here, that would leave out an awful lot of people without adequate representation to protect their Constitutional rights," said Barr. Doles admitted having a dozen firearms, including rifles, shotguns, and revolvers. The government agreed to stipulate that an Intratec 9-mm (Tec-9) weapon among the stash would not be considered a " semiautomatic assault weapon," which would've carried a different charge in the case. Doles also asked U. S. District Judge Richard Story if his wife would be free from prosecution. The U. S. Attorney, Todd Alley, also stipulated for the record that the government has no intention or evidence to prosecute Teresa Doles or the couples' children.
"When you are talking about gun charges, there are many different ways that the government can sort of slice and dice it," explains Barr. "That same gun that is in one person's possession can also be charged to another person, perhaps. Or, that other person could be charged with facilitating the transfer to a person who is otherwise prohibited." Barr wouldn't clarify whether that meant Mrs. Doles had purchased the weapon and given it to her husband. Mrs. Doles was in court Monday but had no comment for the media.
Doles, 43, has been arrested more than two dozen times. His previous convictions include several years served for a Maryland assault on a black man he saw riding in a car with a white woman. He had been serving as Georgia's head of the National Alliance, founded by William Pierce, author of The Turner Diaries. That book was alleged to have inspired Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh. Doles is expected to get up
to 10 years in prison when he's sentenced in March.
WSB Radio
To: U.S Congress
We firmly believe that Chester Doles should be released from custody. He was arrested March 7th 2003 after a 2 year surveillance on trumped up weapons charges, he is one of the most recent victims of Chertoff's Anti Terrorism task force. Chester is a devout family man who is being held away from his loving wife and 11 children, the youngest of whom is only 4 months old. Please sign and show your support for this loving father and husband. Full case details can be viewed, as well as other ways you can help at http://www.freechesterdoles.com
Sincerely,
The Undersigned
To sign the petition go to:
www.petitiononline.com/q834d5d/pet
ition.html

Chester Doles Defense Fund P.O. Box 1532 Dahlonega, GA 30533
Wage Slave Of The Oligarchy
by Enigma
Are you a wage slave to the oligarchy? We all are, it's part of the insidious anti nature of capitalism and it's hierarchy of greed, money and power! Wage slaves to those who use us as we are compeled to live and be happy. The plutocratic crowd represent 7% of the population yet hold 80% of the wealth. The sheeple should hear this and they make awaken. Be they white, black, swarthy brown or Asiatic hoard, the slave shall rebel!
Instead of having the same old stereotypical doomsday article, let us look inside ourselves and examine what we can do to unchain ourselves from our wage-master. We all need to
work, be in lock step and fetch with all the other drones in this modern world. We must work to survive.
We can take honorable jobs in labor, such as carpentry repair and painting on your own; or your mail order business. Both have a wealth of undocumented currency, making it capable for the cunning slaves to minimize their ties and financial burden to the enemies of our race. Be they our own racial kindred, they are the enemy due to their spiritual sickness. Devoid of all that is innate and natural - the will to survive - if that on a personal, family or racial level is gone, then one is truly lost and sick!
No parents want their child to be a pariah, or to be an outcast from modern society. That would be immoral and illogical. But as a parent, its at our kids expense to have the system teach or use subliminal indoctrination to propagate the agenda of miscegenation and slavery except for the oligarchy class! Some of the best education I have seen has come out of white home schooling taught by one of the two people who love them the most in this mortal world. Doesn't that sound logical and rational? I have seen these children go from living room class to some of America's best Ivy League universities. But what is this? Enigma's hypocrisy? No it's a evolution of mind and growth. We cannot afford to be one-dimensional, we must watch learn and grow! Become what they fear, an internal infra-structure; multifaceted, reaching all segments of our society.
Dear Free Speech Supporter
There's something about the Canadian Jewish Congress (CJC). Its response to any criticism of Jews is strident calls for repression. The CJC's latest effort to win friends and influence people is to rat out a Vancouver Muslim tabloid The Miracle for running a column by U.S. lawyer Edgar J. Steele. The CJC has complained to the B.C. Hate Crimes Team and would like "hate" charges laid.
The hysterical calls for repression seem to be the CJC modus operandi these days. The summary of Steele's argument in the CJC press release is incomplete and offers a distorted view of Steele's article "It Wasn't Arabs." If you want to judge for yourself, access the following web site: www.cospiracypenpal.com
Steele's piece, admittedly, is a series
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth; Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 4 -
of bald assertions. Some are self-evidently true; such as/1 It isn't Arabs who extort "fees" for allowing their kosher label on goods - it is Jews. It isn't Arabs who retaliate against rock-throwing children by shooting them in the head - it is Jews. It isn't Arabs stealing land in Palestine - it is Jews. It wasn't Arabs who ran down Rachel Corrie with a bulldozer - it was a Jew. It isn't Arabs who have caused America to spend $2.5 trillion ($31,250 per American family) in the Middle East - it is Jews." Other statements certainly require some argumentation and proof; for instance: "It wasn't Arabs who killed JFK - it was Jews. It wasn't Arabs who demolished the World Trade Center - it was Jews."
Surely, if the CJC is offended, instead of seeking to have The Miracle charged and gagged, it should offer a factual refutation of any assertion by Steele it finds untrue. Whatever happened to debate in this country or just old fashioned retort: Sir, you're a horse's ass, if you say such things. It seems that newcomer Nusrat Hussein understands the concept of free thought and free debate better than the CJC: "Editor Nusrat Hussain said he did not necessarily agree with the article but defended its publication as freedom of speech."
Paul Fromm Director
Canadian Association For Free Expression
Boycotted Firm Pulls National Alliance Billboard
by Rich McKay
1/14/04 - A week after an Alachua County businessman vowed to keep a neo-Nazi group's billboard up on Florida's Turnpike, he relented to a Jewish organization's boycott. The Jewish Defense Organization, which fights anti-Semitism with unconventional methods such as inundating its target with telephone calls, launched a campaign Jan. 6 against Sunshine Outdoor of Florida and its owner, Jerry Sullivan of Micanopy.
The group demanded that the sign, which promotes the white separatist group the National Alliance, had to come down, or the organization would urge people nationally to complain and not do business with Sullivan. Last week, Sullivan said the sign contained lawful content and is a form of free speech. But the Jewish group, which is based in New York, put Sullivan's name and phone number on its Web site and urged everyone who
hates Nazis to call and complain.
On Tuesday, Sullivan and the group reached an agreement to bring down the sign, said A.J. Weberman of the Jewish Defense Organization. Sullivan could not be reached for comment. His spokesman, Dennis O'Neill, confirmed the deal to remove the sign, which is on the turnpike in Sumter County, just over the Lake County line. It was expected to be removed late Tuesday or early today.
Orlando Sentinel
Ethiopian Jews Demand Rights For Their Relatives
12/11/03 Jerusalem, Israel - More than 2000 Ethiopian Jews marched to the Jewish Prime ministers offices in Jerusalem to protest against what they see as racism by the Israeli government. The demonstrations against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's (aka the Butcher, ed.) were a part of a campaign to persuade the government to allow their relatives to join them in Israel.
The protesters carried photos of their relatives and demanded the lifting of immigration restrictions. Most of their relatives left behind belong to Falasha Mura community, Ethiopian Jews who converted to Christianity about a century ago and who are concentrated around Addis Ababa and the northeastern Gondar province. Earlier this year at least 20,000 Ethiopian Jews were given the go ahead - to enter Israel under the country's law of return, which says that Jews anywhere in the world have the right to make the aliyah (ascent) to Israel and claim citizenship. But Interior Minister Avraham Poraz, from secular Shinui party, has said that he will not allow them to arrive en masse without assurances that more candidates will not seek to immigrate by citing family ties.
During Operation Moses in 1984 and Operation Solomon in 1991, about 35,000 Ethiopian Jews were airlifted to Israel. Their community in Israel now numbers about 80,000, including several hundred in West Bank settlements, but no doubts about their Jewishness (read: racial makeup, ed.) have sparked intense debate among religious authorities and Israeli society. The essentially rural Falasha Mura community has had to bridge a wide cultural gap and has faced a difficult integration into Israeli society. The Ethiopians suffer from discrimination and high unemployment.
Aljazeera News
Italy's Post-Fascists To Regroup
by Jan Repa BBC Europe analyst
Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Gianfranco Fini has called a conference of his National Alliance party. The conference on Saturday will be the first since the defection in November of one of the party's best known figures, Alessandra Mussolini. Ms
Mussolini, granddaughter of Italy's former fascist dictator, left after Mr. Fini called fascism an "absolute evil". The National Alliance is the second largest party in Italy's four-party coalition government. It was founded in 1995, following a split in what was then called the Italian Social Movement, itself built on the ashes of Benito Mussolini's Fascist Movement.
As late as 1994, Mr. Fini had described Mussolini as the "greatest statesman of the 20th century". Nevertheless, Mr. Fini has been trying to move his party away from its fascist past into the respectable centre-right. Conventional right-left distinctions do not always apply in Italy. Regional loyalties matter too -as do people's own personal and family histories. Alessandra Mussolini, a former model, is the niece of the film star Sophia Loren and daughter of Benito Mussolini's jazz musician son, Romano. As a politician, she has frequently campaigned on such traditionally "left-wing" issues as women's rights. Although the National Alliance draws most of its electoral support from Italy's poor south, Gianfranco Fini is a native of the rich northern city of Bologna - itself, paradoxically, a traditional communist stronghold.
Back in November, Mr. Fini was courting Israeli opinion. Fascism, he declared on a visit to Israel, had been an "absolute evil", adding that many Italians had acted with "laziness, indifference, complicity and cowardice" in not opposing the anti-Jewish laws introduced in 1938 in imitation of Nazi Germany. This proved too much for Ms Mussolini, who stormed out of the National Alliance party, saying her family's honor had been abused. Several other leading party figures also objected, accusing Mr. Fini of political cynicism. Francesco Storace, governor of the Lazio region,
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
which includes the Italian capital Rome, called Mr. Fini's remarks a "media-driven operation". Mr. Fini now has his eyes firmly on elections to the European Parliament, due to take place in June.
Rival party Ms Mussolini intends to campaign under the banner of a new party, called Freedom for Action (Liberta d'Azione). However, Mr. Fini can take comfort from an opinion poll, published last month, suggesting that his recent condemnation of fascism has the support of 70% of National Alliance supporters. But Mr. Fini is also jockeying for influence within the Italian government with the third largest party, the Northern League -which, as its name implies, draws its support mainly from the northern provinces and used to advocate the creation of a separate northern state. The party's newspaper has dubbed Mr. Fini a "piranha". Although Mr.
Fini expects to humble his own party critics, the continuing arguments strongly suggest that many party activists still have a soft spot for the old fascist regime - or at least regard it as a legitimate part of Italy's heritage.
In fact, Mr. Fini's own overtures to Israel do not necessarily contradict this. Until his alliance with Hitler, Benito Mussolini's regime maintained close links with parts of the Zionist movement and enjoyed considerable support within Italy's Jewish community, which saw it as an antidote to the discriminatory attitudes of Italy's "Catholic" conservatives. Indeed, recent pro-Israeli pronouncements of politicians like Mr. Fini and Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi can be seen in the context of the Italian Right's traditional claim to be defending "European civilization" against a succession of threats - including Arab nationalism and Muslim militancy.
axe for serious crimes." The lowering of the Fasces was form of salute to a higher official. It was also an emblem of unity and power; being used as an icon on coins and "coats of arms" long after the times of Ancient Rome. The number of Lictors in the Republic varied by magisterial rank. A Dictator was honored with 24 Lictors, each carrying a Fasces; a Consul was awarded 12, while a Praetor was allowed 6. Stepen Phenow also adds: "The Imperator (Emperor) usually was a Consul as well, so he would maintain 12 Litcors carrying fasces. Emperor Claudius had this number proceed him before entering a captured town in Britannia." After the reign of Emperor Domitian (81-96AD), the Imperator was accorded 24 Lictors. Benito Mussolini's Italian "Fascist" Party of the 1930's, derived its name from the Fasces, which it had adopted as an emblem in 1919.
Piesidential Flag of Mussolini
Flag of Italy WW2
PassPoit fof the European Union

Three Year Sentence For A National Socialist Singer
A
A
Fasces
The Fasces was a cylindrical bundle of elm or birch rods bound together by red bands, from which an ax head projected; and which was borne by Lictors (attendants and body guards) before a Consul or high Magistrate, as a symbol of their authority. Stephen Phenow, Editor of the Strategikon, provides the following: "The Fasces was adopted from the Etruscans. It symbolized the power of life or death that a Roman Magistrate had over the Roman citizen; who could be scourged by the birch rods, representing physical punishment for transgressions; or be beheaded by the
12/24/2003 - In the first case of its kind in Germany, a rock band has been deemed a criminal organization and its lead singer sentenced to more than three years in prison for lyrics that venerate Nazism and incite racial hatred. On Monday, a Berlin criminal court sentenced 38-year-old Michael Regener to 40 months in prison after a six-month trial. The court ruled that Regener's band, Landser, was a threat to the country's Jewish, Muslim and African minorities. Founded in 1992 as the Final Solution, the band has been a favorite of neo-Nazis worldwide. The band's bass player, Andre Moericke, and its drummer, Christian Wenndorff, were sentenced to nearly two years' probation and ordered to perform 90 hours of community service. The band's lyrics are more intellectual than those of most skinhead bands, but their agenda is just as blunt. "Let's get the enemy, bombs on Israel," go the words of one song. Another tune laments: "In the old
days, Africa was wonderful/Now our white brothers stand with their backs against the wall." Anti-discrimination laws in Germany are among the most stringent in the world. They forced Landser - an old German word for foot soldier used during World War II - to produce four of its CDs outside the country. The band quickly became a symbol for far-right radicals, and its songs praised skinheads for arson attacks and murders against Germany's immigrant communities in the late '90s. Testifying at Landser's trial, Thorsten Heise, a prominent neo-Nazi, told the court that Regener's lyrics are "a little bit more thoughtful... ironic and full of humor". One of the group's distributors, Thule Publications, noted on its website that "by purchasing (a Landser) CD from Thule you are supporting free speech for our people".
The case coincided with what many officials describe as growing racial hatred across Europe. The Interdisciplinary Institute of Conflict and Violence Research at Germany's Bielefeld University is conducting a 10-year national study on racism and xenophobia. The study found that 55 per cent of Germans believe there are too many immigrants; 52 per cent believe that Jews use the Holocaust "for their own advantage"; and 46 per cent don't approve of women wearing headscarves. German state legislatures are debating bills to forbid Muslim teachers from wearing head-scarves in classrooms. Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder supports such bans.
©The Age
"And again the National Socialist movement has the mightiest task to fulfill: It must open the eyes of the people concerning foreign nations, and must remind them again and again of the true enemy of our present-day world. In place of hatred against Aryans from whom almost everything may separate us, but with whom we are nevertheless bound by common blood or the great line of a kindred culture - it must call universal wrath upon the foul enemy of mankind as the real originator of our suffering. It must make sure that in our country, at least, this most deadly enemy is recognized and that the fight against him becomes a gleaming symbol of a brighter time, to show other nations the way to the salvation of an embattled Aryan mankind."
- Mein Kampf 11:13/640 (HM edition)
Nordwave P.O. Box 5901 Lake Worth, Florida 33466 U.S.A
- 6 -
The Latino Invasion
4
by John Water
In its November 2003 issue, National Geographic magazine published a frightening map of the USA graphically depicting the relentless invasion by Latino aliens as revealed by the 2000 Census. With the title "Latinos rise nationwide: America's new majority minority/7 the two-page illustration shows in great detail, county by county, the percentage of Latino invaders in the total population. A bleak picture emerges. The southwestern states are dying. All U.S. territory along the border within 200 km of Mexico has surrendered: it is dominated by a Latino majority. A quarter of the territory of Texas, a third of New Mexico, a quarter of Arizona and a tenth of California have been overwhelmed the Latino population in these areas exceeds 50 percent.
The areas within the region where the Latino percentage is less than 50 percent hardly fare any better. Nowhere in New Mexico is the Latino percentage under 25 percent. Two thirds of Texas and half of California have more than 25 percent Latinos. Perhaps thanks to the Mormons, Utah is an exception. The mestizo invaders constitute less than 12 percent of the population there, and half its counties have less than 6 percent. Nevada is 6 to 25 percent Latino. Florida has lost its southernmost tip to the aliens (over 50 percent mestizo). Dangerous tumors appear in Washington state, where half the counties suffer between 12 percent and 50 percent Latino invaders, in Colorado, which is as heavily alien as Arizona now, and in southern Idaho and the large East coast cities. Overall, the invaders are 58 percent Mexican and 17 percent "undeclared77 (they did not answer the question on the census form). Ten percent derive from Puerto Rico. The Latino population is quite young, representing 17 percent of the population under 35 in the U.S.
3rd Annual
!i (J
Rain or shine
FT

and 6 PM
Saturday, March 27th, 2004 Martin County, South Florida
T§
jjfO
Info Line after 9 PM EST: (561) 602 - 0357
Celebrate your rich European heritage with us! We will feature Euro-ethnic music, as always great food and drink plus a hammer lifting competition $ other games. Families are welcome. Please write to NORDWAVE at: P.O. Box 590! Lake Worth, FL 33466 or e-mail us at: FolkFest2004@hotmail.com [Exact location will be disclosed 2 weeks in advance. Aprox. 22 miles north of West Palm Beach].
j. troo? ?9p
00 .0*?/
beautiful location [guaranteed!] playground for children camping available boat rentals nature trails boat ramp for those of you with boats
If you wish to speak during the event, PLEASE CONTACT THE ORGANIZERS at least I week prior to the event. No drugs and weapons allowed!
Achtung!
Make your reservation today, we would like to prepare enough food for everyone!
FOLK FEST - The place to meet White Nationalists!
Come see our Viking sail!

Don't Support Delayers. Support Nordwave!