Davidians Sentenced in San Antonio
Maximum Penalties Despite Juror’s Pleas
San Antonio, Texas- The fiery controversy that erupted when federal tanks piled into the Mount Carmel Center flared again when U.S. District Judge Walter S. Smith sentenced the survivors up to 40 years in federal prison for their non-part in a non-conspiracy to kill federal agents. Federal prosecutors couldn't have been happier.
Ray Jahn, the Assistant United States Attorney from San Antonio who led the prosecution, compared the trial to "the prosecution of any terrorist," The Washington Times reported. The Branch Davidians were like "the people who blew up the barracks in Lebanon, the World Trade Center and Pan Am 103." Jahn said.
Follow that logic as far as it goes and you won't get very far. The Branch Davidians weren't sending out trucks on bombing runs under the World Trade Center, taking out sleeping Marines, or blowing airliners out of the sky. On February 28, 1993, they were at home, on private property, bothering absolutely no one in the
community where they had lived more or less peacefully for some 35 years.
What changed all that was the arrival of truckloads of heavily armed, Ninja-clad, government agents and
their Walter Mitty municipal mercenary supporters. By the time the day was over, four BATF agents and five Branch Davidians were dead and the federal government found itself in a prolonged and embarrassing standoff. Fifty-one days later, tired of tormenting the Davidians with search lights and the taped death cries of rabbits, Attorney General Janet Reno finally sent in the tanks and set off the conflagration. Seventy-nine people, including women and children, died in the ensuing flames.
Naturally, the feds blamed the whole disaster on the church members (carefully referred to as "cult members" by government officials. However, a jury of 12 impartial citizens did not agree with the government's version. Continued on Page 2.
1
Sentencing, Continuted.
AUSA Ray Jahn and the federal prosecutors wanted to convict the Davidians of conspiracy to murder and the actual murder of federal agents (just like the Weaver prosecution) but the jury refused. But faced with over 60 pages of confusing jury instructions, the panel did convict several Davidians of carrying a firearm in the commission of the crime that the jury had already said they didn't commit. Seeing the contradiction, the judge threw out that conviction.
But Judge Smith reinstated it following arguments from federal prosecutors that the contradiction was perfectly normal for a jury that was trying to reach some kind of compromise. Jury members promptly signed affidavits saying they had no such compromise in mind. They simply made a mistake.
Judge Smith, unmoved, went on to make matters worse by arbitrarily ruling that the firearms in the "crime" (which was not committed), were actually automatic weapons and warranted far stiffer penalties. Smith sentenced some of the Davidians to 40 years in prison for using weapons in a crime they didn't commit.
Jahn said he found it "personally frightening" that the Davidians have not apologized to the families of the dead BATF agents. What is frightening is the wild assault on the constitutional rights and liberties of small religious groups in the United States and the kangaroo-court justice accorded them afterward.
Most of the Davidians have appealed their conviction and defense attorneys are confident that some, if not all, of the defendants will eventually be freed.
Waco Suits Progress
Clinton to be Subpoenaed
Washington, DC- CAUSE lawyers continue to rigorously prosecute the civil rights lawsuit against the United States, FBI and BATF on behalf of survivors and estates of the Branch Davidians. The deposition of Jeffrey J. Jamar, Special-Agent-in-Charge of the San Antonio FBI field office, was taken last week in the Hall v. United States case (see related story). Documents provided by the FBI and BATF revealed that FBI agents were sent on
covert missions to spy on CAUSE Executive Director Kirk Lyons, his family, and other associated CAUSE lawyers, as early as March 6, 1993, three days after the FBI took control from the BATF.
"I was flattered that they (FBI) would be worried about CAUSE that early in the siege." said Lyons. Numerous other people associated with CAUSE, including Hall plaintiff Louis Beam were also placed under surveillance by FBI agents.
By the time this issue of The Balance goes to press, CAUSE will have filed another omnibus civil rights lawsuit on behalf of 23 deceased Branch Davidians and two survivors. CAUSE Foundation also represents Henry McMahon and Karen Kilpatrick, the firearms dealers who sold weapons to David Koresh and who were "sequestered" by federal agents for 18 days to prevent them from talking to reporters or other federal authorities during the siege.
As a legal move likely to inspire wrath from the U.S. Justice Department, CAUSE lawyers have obtained a subpoena for President Bill Clinton and have noticed his deposition. Clinton is a fact witness and concurred with Attorney General Janet Reno's decision to send in the tanks. By law, the President has absolute immunity from suit for any act he commits while in office. Clinton is sued in his official capacity only in Gyarfas, et al. v. United States, et al. now pending in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas, Waco Division.
Written discovery requests have been sent to Janet Reno and her deposition is postponed until her answers are returned. However, independent investigators continue to uncover more evidence in the case. David Hall, owner of KPOC-TV in Ponca City, Oklahoma, has conducted an extensive investigation into the events of April 19, 1993, and has produced a documentary, Waco Incident: The True Story, that will be aired nationwide on September 19. Hall's investigation has disclosed that extensive amounts of a cyanide compound were found in most of the deceased Davidians during post-mortem examinations. Documents from Aldrich Chemical, the makers of CS gas, report that the chemical compound is a high-temperature incendiary and should not be used in enclosed buildings. Continued on Page 4.
Suit Filed on Behalf of Weavers
Boise, ID- A civil rights action and Federal Tort Claim has been filed on behalf of Randy, Sara, Rachel, and Elishibea Weaver in connection with the August 22, 1992, shootout and subsequent siege by U.S. Marshals and the FBI. The suit was filed by attorney Charles H. (Chuck) Peterson, co-counsel in the successful defense of Randy Weaver's criminal trial. A Bivens claim has also been filed by Peterson against the individual agents, including Waco defendants Lon T. Horiuchi and Richard Rogers of the FBI Hostage Rescue Team (HRT).
The action stems from the death of Vicki Weaver who was shot by Horiuchi in while she held eight-month old Elishibea in her arms. Weaver's 14-year-old son, Sam, was also killed by federal agents. Randy Weaver was wanted for firearms violations resulting from a BATF sting operation.
The disaster at Ruby Ridge began when U.S. Marshals from the Special Operations Group (SOG) were conducting what they called a "reconnaissance operation" close to the cabin occupied by the Weaver's near Bonner's Ferry, ID. Although they had orders not to contact the Weaver's, especially the Weaver children, the marshals had taken along a silenced submachine gun to kill the Sam Weaver's pet Labrador, Striker.
Mayhem ensued when the marshals' ambush of the dog ensnared them in a mini-firefight with young Sam. None of the marshals were hit but Sam was shot in the back and killed by Deputy Marshal William F. Degan. Unfortunately for Degan, Sam's friend Kevin Harris drew a bead and shot Degan dead.
The marshals called in the FBI and reported that they had been "ambushed" by the Weavers and that one of their men had been murdered (does this sound familiar?). The FBI sent Rogers, Horiuchi and the rest of the misnamed Hostage Rescue Team. Once there, Rogers set up illegal Rules of Engagement where all of the witnesses could be killed. When Randy Weaver, Kevin Harris, and 16-year-old Sara Weaver came out of the cabin, Horiuchi opened fire, hitting Randy. As they ran for the door, Horiuchi fired again, the .308-caliber match slug traversed Vicki's head and entered Kevin's chest. In two shots, Horiuchi had nearly accomplished what Rogers had ordered:	the
elimination of all the adults at the Weaver cabin.
The siege of the Weavers continued for 13 days until LTC Bo Gritz negotiated a surrender. Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris were acquitted on federal charges of murder and conspiracy to commit murder by a Boise, ID, jury. Weaver was convicted on one count of failure to appear and now is on supervised release.
CAUSE is assisting in the Weaver litigation effort. The cases are interrelated because both Rogers and Horiuchi were involved in the Davidian burnout of April 19, 1993. Moreover, the actions of Rogers and Horiuchi at both Ruby Ridge and at Waco prove a pattern of conduct which is necessary to the legal theory of the Waco litigation. The Waco action is a Weaver case writ large. Information obtained in the Waco and Weaver cases will be shared by all other litigants. Further updates will be provided as the case develops.
Jubilee Fight Continues
Waco Police Refuse to Admit Wrongdoing
Austin, Texas- Hallet al. v. United States, et al. the year-long suit against the United States, various FBI and BATF leaders, the City of Waco, and an officer of the Waco Police Department continues. Federal defendants Jeffrey J. Jamar, Robert A. Ricks and Edward Daniel Conroy have been dismissed from the case.
Evidence suggested that Waco Police Sergeant Malissa Sims, who arrested Beam while attempting to attend a March 18, 1993 federal press conference, acted on her own initiative to bar Beam from the press conference and was not influenced by any of the federal defendants. All of the dismissed federal agents remain defendants in the Davidian civil prosecutions pending in Waco. Police Sergeant Malissa Sims is the remaining defendant in the case. Continued on Page 4.
Copies of The Balance are free upon request. A year's subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 foreign. All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance, P. O. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711.
3
Jubilee, Continued.
"After looking at all of the evidence in the case and taking depositions of Beam, Jamar, and Sims, it didn’t appear that we could hold the federal agents in view of Sims' testimony that they never told her to arrest Beam." said Kirk Lyons, attorney for the plaintiffs.
"I think the lawsuit is very important to secure our rights under the Constitution to have a free press." said Louis Beam. Beam was jailed for approximately three hours after attempting to enter the federal press conference at the Waco Convention Center. He was allegedly barred from further press conferences after asking Conroy if the actions of his agency at Mount Carmel Center were the beginnings of a police state. "I had to ask a penetrating question..." said Beam, "... the next question asked by the regular media was what type of car brought the milk to the compound that morning?!"
Information provided by the U.S. Justice Department revealed that lawyers for the United States and the individual federal defendants spent over 1,000 hours defending the case.
Discovery alone required six FBI and three BATF agents about 360 hours just to produce documents requested by CAUSE lawyers^ Overall, the lawsuit cost the United States about $200,000.00 to defend the lawsuit. What this means is that even though there will be no damages awarded in the case from the federal agents or the United States, it cost the government about $70,000.00 an hour to keep Louis Beam in jail.
Dismissing the federal defendants was a strategic legal decision to free up personnel and resources to prosecute the them for the deaths of the Branch Davidians on February 28 and April 19, 1993. It will not adversely affect Beam’s ability to act as a reporter for the Jubilee\ Beam was issued a press card by the United States Marshal's Service and attended most of the Davidian Trial in San Antonio.
Trial is set for October 16, 1994, in Waco. Contributions from supporters of this case are still urgently needed to secure a victory.
Waco Suit, Continued.
Moreover, CS is a chlorinated nitrile cyclic hydrocarbon which produces cyanide gas when burned at high temperature. Documents provided by Aldrich state that water should not be used to extinguish burning CS because there is a danger of generating a hydrogen cyanide (HCN) cloud. HCN is an extremely lethal toxic gas used by the military as a chemical weapon (Blood Agent AC) and by penal institutions to execute prisoners. It is also the active ingredient in
Zyklon B, the agent alleged to have been used by the Nazis to execute Jews. Media video footage shows several federal agents dressed in black and wearing a Scott breathing apparatus outside the burning structure of Mount Carmel. Recall that the FBI did not call the fire department when the fire started and held back the fire engines when they finally did arrive until after the fire was nearly out. It has been suggested that the FBI knew that a deadly HCN cloud would have formed if they had allowed the fire department to extinguish the blaze. It should be noted that cyanide (CN) is a compound of carbon and nitrogen and should not be confused with CN, the acronym for another chemical irritant which is the active ingredient in Mace©.
Controversy continues to surround the death of Perry Jones, the first Davidian to fall in the initial fusillade from BATF on February 28. When Jones' body was exhumed from the ashes of Mount Carmel, the Tarrant County Medical Examiner reported that he died from a single gunshot wound to the mouth consistent with suicide. Continued on Page 5.
4
Waco Civil Prosecution, Con’t.
However, the body identified as Jones also contained about 35 percent carbon monoxide saturation which is consistent with death by smoke inhalation. Moreover, the coroner found no abdominal gunshot which was witnessed by several Davidians. This probably means that the body identified as Perry Jones is someone else who died in the fire on April 19.
CAUSE continues its vigorous prosecution for the deaths of the 97 Branch Davidians. A motion to change venue has been filed to move the case from the Western District of Texas in Waco to the Southern District in Houston. All of the Davidian litigation cases will eventually be joined into one large civil rights suit. Contributions are still desperately needed to continue the fight against governmental tyranny.
Now’s the day and now’s the hour...
At the time of the Weaver incident at Ruby Ridge (August 22, 1992), CAUSE Foundation predicted that another major incident would occur within six months. We were wrong. It was actually six months and six days. On March 11, 1993, in Waco, Texas at the height of the Davidian siege, CAUSE Foundation filed an Application for Temporary Restraining Order with the U.S. District Court in Waco, attempting tp prevent the carnage that occurred some 40 days later. In this application we stated that we believed it was the intention of the government to kill the Davidians and that in every situation where the government remained in control, the alleged suspects died a fiery death. One must ask how we could be so clairvoyant?
The answer is easy when you look back on the conduct of federal law enforcement agencies over the past twenty years. And what have these law enforcement officials learned from such fiascos as Ruby Ridge and Waco? They have learned that they need more men, more guns, more laws, and more power. And they get it. The U.S. Marshals now have the William F. Degan Memorial Special Operations Center in Louisiana with a 100-man SOG group "ready to go anywhere in the world at a moment’s notice." One must wonder what need of we for a federal minute man force of global paper servers. From Waco the Justice Department learned that it needed more hostage rescuers, now 150-men strong.
Another lesson learned from Weaver and Waco is that the government must disarm the American people if it is to have totalitarian control over its citizens. Why, what if someone wanted to move to rural Montana and have an independent church (Universal and Triumphant), wanted to school their children in the way they saw fit, or just wanted to escape the paradise of metropolis America? They might resist resettlement by the government. And if they have guns, the resistance might actually mean something.
Of course, it’s ridiculous to think that a single family like the Weavers or even a group of families like the Davidians could resist the power of the U.S. Government with a few AR-15s. But a cost-benefit analysis would quickly show the counter-productivity of wiping out every dissident or group who wanted to go their own way and didn't bother anyone else. Even though it was a tactical victory for the government in a military sense at both sieges, the question that the government must ask itself is: was it worth the price?
The answer is no as long as the American people retain their arms. This, of course, is what Congress is laboring mightily to change. Even though government forces prevailed, the resistance in Weaver and Waco through the cartridge box serves to protect all our freedoms because it makes government storm troops cautious before attempting another such operation.
There can be no justice for Vicki Weaver, Aisha Gyarfas Summers, or any of the odd—hundred other benefactees of HRT rescue benevolence; they’re dead. But what we can do is up the cost to the government by securing a legal judgement against the agents. This is the second line of deterrence to oppressive government by handing them a defeat and more expense at the jury box.
Please help us in our fight against the likes of Rogers and Horiuchi by sending us the most generous contribution you can. The litigation is extremely expensive and the government will try to win these cases by out-spending us. We realize that it's natural to develop "battle fatigue" when confronted with long, drawn-out litigation such as Waco. However, for all of our cleverness, guile, and stamina to outstay the government’s lawyers, we cannot do it without your help. Justice will only prevail if you support us; this case will be won or lost by you! Please send your donation to the cause of liberty today.
5