FBI
OFFICIAL
CONFESSES
Michael Kahoe admits to destroying documents in attempted cover-up
The first of the criminals has confessed. A senior FBI official involved in the g o ve r n m e nt-co ntrived conspiracy against the Weaver family has confessed to obstructing justice and destroying an internal review of the fatal 1992 shootout on Ruby Ridge.
According to a Reuters story, E. Michael Kahoe, the former chief of the FBI's violent crimes section, admitted keeping from U.S. prosecutors the review they needed to prepare for the murder trial of Randy Weaver.
Kahoe faces up to ten years in prison and has agreed to cooperate with the continuing criminal investigation into which other FBI officials engaged in the criminal conspiracy and subsequent cover-up.
We hope that all of the other guilty chickens come home to roost. Unfortunately, we have learned that there is no good reason to expect that anyone else will be charged or that the investigation will rise any higher than Kahoe. He will probably be the lone sacrificial chicken in the Federal Santaria ritual of atonement.
But, we’re not done with him. As you may remember, CAUSE Foundation filed the first lawsuit against the federal government and as a result obtained vital information from die discovery phase of the suit. Discovery, of course, is a pre-trial phase of a law suit where one basically gets to peek at rthe other side’s cards. The Fed’s are forced to turn over anything they have that might help our case. That is how we found out that Kahoe prepared all the briefing books for Janet Reno. These led her to OK the plan for the final assault on the Branch Davidian church in Waco.
Well, if we can just get this case to trial, one can imagine the effect on the jury when this self-confessed con-man takes the stand. Kahoe is not the only conspirator who needs to answer for his crimes. Read on to see what other fish we hope to fry.
CAUSE intervenes in Risenhoover
In a little reported story carried by the Houston Chronicle, the
Copies of The Balance are free upon request. A year’s subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 foreign.
All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balanoe, P. O. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711.
article reported that Federal agents had reached an out-of-court settlement with two Waco news organizations. Families of four Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms agents killed in the initial assault on the Davidian church had sued the Waco Tribune-Herald, a television station KWTX and American Medical Transport, AMT
AMT was contracted to provide medical support for the raid. (Who were they expecting would need an ambulance?) One of their employees admitted tipping off the television station. The morning of the combat assault, a television camera man, looking for the church, inadvertently forewarned a church member of the impending action. This, the suit alleged, contributed to the deaths of the agents.
Both parties to the settlement agreed to keep the financial arrangements confidential. There was no admission of wrongdoing or acceptance of liability. One might think, “Weil, that’s nice, but what does that have to do with us?” We’re glad you asked.
In reviewing docket entries in Risenhoover, we discovered that the news media defendants had tried to have Judge Walter Smith recused (that is to say, they wanted him to kick himself off the case). Judge Smith is also the judge who is in charge of the Davidian lawsuits and we also want him recused. We filed our recusal motion months ago and we are still waiting to hear something.
We feel that there might be something in the Cox newspaper’s motion to recuse that might be relevant to our motion. We should have been told that there was such a motion. We tried to get copies of the motion and supporting documents and discovery. Not to our surprise, they are all sealed.
We are now filing a motion to intervene in Risenhoover and to force them to show us what they were trying to hide. We state in the motion that, “..., the U.S. created a system whereby such documents cannot be revealed to the Intervenors p.e., CAUSE], cannot be discussed with the
Intervenors, and their sealing does not even show up on the Risenhoover docket."
Part three of the motion has really caused the government attorneys to howl. Mainly because they know what we relate is true. They simply cant stand to hear it plainly stated. We state, "If this Court denies Intervenors' discovery requests, it becomes part of the U.S.' cover-up of critical documents related to the Davidian tragedy."
The motion goes on to list the overt acts of the cover-up: (1) the bulldozing of the Mt. Carmel crime scene before an independent arson assessment could be made, (2) the mysterious missing right front door, last seen in Federal custody, which would prove whether or not the Davidians fired through the door at the assault team. (3) the U.S. Justice Department officials ordering an end to shooting reviews because they were generating “Brady material”, i.e., information that might exonerate the Davidians. They did not
Our motion details the Government’s history of coverups in this ongoing case.
want notes taken nor did they want interviews made while the events were fresh in people's minds. Apparently they needed time to get their story together so that everyone could remember the same thing. (4) the U.S has “expunged the records" of ATF agents Phil Chojnackl and Charles Sarabyn to remove any "reference to disciplinary actions" related to their inept handling of the disastrous 28 February church assault. This includes their failure to properly supervise the assault and their decision to proceed even after losing the element of surprise.
There are four more examples of cover-ups given. The moving of the Davidians vehicles is one. By this, the government destroyed any hope of establishing bullet trajectories and spray patterns. Also mentioned is the “missing'' ski cap worn by Michael Schroeder the day he was shot by the ATF. He was away from home when the initial ATF raid occurred and was killed while attempting to rejoin his besieged wife and children. Without the cap, it is impossible to tell if the fatal head shot came from a distance or was closer, as in “execution style.”
Perhaps the most explosive allegation of a cover-up deals with the actions of one Lon T. Horiuchi. Readers might remember him as the triggerman in the Vicki Weaver assassination at the Ruby Ridge stand off. The FBI’s investigation covered-up Special Agent Charles Riley’s official statement of the events of 19 April 1993. In a sworn statement, he said that he heard gunshots coming from FBI Sniper Position #1. This was Horiuchi’s sniper position. Horiuchi claimed he could see sparks coming from the combat engineering vehicles. He supposed these alleged sparks to be caused by gunfire deflecting off the armor
I plating. Horiuchi was the one to issue to code word “compromise.” The word “compromise” was the signal to step up the gassing operation. In other words, all bets were off. We are certain that stepping up this “gassing plan” into an all-out assault was the direct and proximate cause of the fire.
CAUSE on the World Wide Web
For those of you who are surfing the net, you can access the CAUSE web page at http://www.cheta.net/cause. The net is the most powerful free speech forum that has ever existed. Support all efforts to keep it uncensored. Wild claims of your children being carted away by internet pedophiles, etc. are meant to frighten the unaware. The powers that be are terrified by the internet because they are no longer in control
http://www.cheta.net/cause
of the information that you can receive. Through the internet one can set up a web page and state his opinion to the world, literally. Everyone in the world who is interested in that subject can then access that page and read that opinion for themselves. How unbelievable! We no longer have to wait to be told what someone or some group is saying. We can now get it straight from the horse’s mouth. Well, expect the world control freaks to move to crush this situation.
Strickland settles
We realize that our supporters would like to hear about something besides Waco. Not surprising, we sometimes feel the same way. It, therefore, gives us great pleasure to announce a victory unrelated to Waco.
Although the Waco litigation takes up the bulk of our time and resources, we try to help in other cases wherever we can. Sometimes, we can only offer some advice over the phone. Occasionally we are presented a case that has all the
The Balance is a newsletter published by CAUSE Foundation, a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international human-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editorial and submission inquires should be sent to Editor, The Balance, Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711,
right elements and we have to get involved.
Mr. Tony Strickland came to U9 over a year ago with his sad story of police brutality. He lives in the neighboring town of Hendersonville. The gist of the story was that he was parked on a public street and his passenger was talking to a friend on the side walk. To the police, this was a “suspicious” activity and they investigated. The officers knew Mr. Strickland by name but apparently Mr. Strickland failed to show the proper deference. Not being under arrest, he tried to get out of his car. This aroused the arresting officers’ anger and they then beat him to a pulp with their sticks.
Many times a case like this won’t get very far because the “fact situation”, i.e., the facts surrounding the case, is not very good. Here we had a hospital report, a set of graphic photographs, a sympathetic victim with a clean record and, most important, an acquittal on a ridiculous charge of “resisting arrest” without any underlying cause for the arrest. The judge just threw the whole thing out of his court before it came to trial.
Incredibly, Mr. Strickland could get no one to take his case. He heard about us, because at the time CAUSE was in the news, so he came to see us. We investigated the case and saw it as a bird’s nest on the ground.
As the case developed, more and more people called us to report their abuse at the hands of the cops in Hendersonville. The police chief must have been a graduate of the Idi Amin Dada School of Public Safety. We were more than happy to take these tin pot tyrants down a peg and were looking forward to a trial.
We had one heavy hitter on our side, Dr. Carl Klockars, who is an internationally renowned expert on police misconduct and excessive use of force. As such, he is our expert in the Waco case. Dr. Klockars, though confined to a hospital bed, penned a devastating report indicting the Hendersonville Police Department as a role model for the NKVD. When the city attorneys received their copy of Klockars’ report at the pre-trial conference, we knew they would pay rather than go to trial.
The city offered to settle. We are unable to report the details of the settlement except to say that Mr. Strickland was very satisfied. Even though the case settled to his advantage Mr. Strickland probably did not get “justice.” After all, how much money would you want for someone to stomp you into a mud puddle and then spit on you? Nevertheless, the police of the City of Hendersonville may reconsider before they assault another innocent citizen. We were glad to be able to do a little bit of good for one of the little guys.
Take time to give thanks
We are thankful at this time of year for our faithful supporters who have given us the financial ability to come this far. The enemies of freedom and those who hate the true, old American values we represent predicted that we would never last. You have proven them wrong.
The Tony Stricklands of the world need CAUSE Foundation. The Branch Davidians certainly needed a CAUSE Foundation and no one would help them until we stepped in. You, who are our supporters, deserve a strong, dynamic foundation looking out for your interests. We have all the drive and commitment necessary. We just need the money to continue to take the fight to the enemy.
Your support has brought us this far. Send us all the way. Winning in Waco would open great possibilities. We would be able to fight all of the good fights that go begging for lack of funds.
room# u/a innothar nawa rnonn •»
wmwi j| «* W| ^w%■»w | i im * w i i av4uw u u■ s/Cii uahCi vi iut
The FBI told us that our lawsuits in Waco are what changed the way they “did business” in Montana. We kept innocent people from being killed. That is heroic. It is not often that one can make much difference. Because of your faith and support, we can all claim a little credit for making this government make a change for the better.
Please take the time now to enclose a donation to CAUSE. With the holidays upon us, the gift you intended to send us could get lost in the shuffle if you wait. Let this Balance serve as our fund appeal and you will save us a lot of money that can be used for the fight. Please see to it that CAUSE has more than “switches and ashes" in its Christmas
stocking. *	*	— ——
We at CAUSE wish you a) perry Christmas and a| Happy and Prosperous New Year.
nyn Alii