		
December 1994	D.M.A. Hollaway, Editor	Vol 5, No. 3
No Real Action!
NRA Snatches Defeat from the Jaws of Victory
With a curious sense of noblesse oblige, the Firearms Civil Rights Defense Fund of the National Rifle Association gave CAUSE Foundation $50,000.00 to continue the fight against the BATF and FBI in Waco, Texas, and took it all back within twenty-four hours.
CAUSE had applied for a grant from the NRA Legal Defense Fund to pay for litigation expenses in connection with the BATF raid on Mount Carmel in Waco and the deaths of the members of the Branch Davidians by the FBI on April 19, 1993. The Firearms Civil Rights Legal Defense Fund, operating under the auspices of the National Rifle Association, is an independent foundation that makes monetary grants to ensure that the rights of gun owners are protected in the courts.
On 29 September, CAUSE Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons and Associate Director Neill H. Payne traveled to Washington, D.C. to attend a meeting of the Legal Defense Fund and present their application for funding in the Branch Davidian litigation. CAUSE had applied to the Fund on the recommendation of some members of the NRA Board of Directors. The directors of the Fund meet several times a year to evaluate the applications and were due to vote on the applications on 30 September.
At the meeting, Mr. Lyons, chief counsel in the Davidian suits, outlined the strategic legal approach to the litigation and the absolute necessity of funding to continue the case. Especially imperative was the retention of nationally-known expert witnesses to counter the government’s white-wash reports issued in the aftermath of the fire. A vote was taken and the unanimous decision of the board was to make the grant of $50,000.00 to CAUSE. "Go get ’em ... come back to the well if you need more." were some comments made by Fund board members after to vote.
Lyons and Payne started on their way back to North Carolina elated. With the NRA funding, the much-needed retainers of the experts could be paid and victory in the case could almost be assured. However, before they could get halfway back, the Fund board members developed a serious case of buyers’ remorse and reneged on the grant.
According to some board members, Robert J. Cottrol, a black law professor at Rutger’s University, ran a computer search on Kirk Lyons and discovered some disparaging media articles concerning former clients of CAUSE. The articles pointed out the CAUSE had previously represented such diverse groups as the Ku Klux Klan and Tom Metzger of White Aryan Resistance (WAR). Cottrol sprang into action, calling other board members who voted to reconsider the grant. Two other board members, Judge Paul H. Till of Houston, Texas, and attorney Al Rubega of New Hampshire, alerted Lyons about the controversy. Immediately upon his arrival home, Lyons had to drive back to Washington, D.C. and attempt to salvage the grant. Continued on Page 2.
Omnibus Civil Rights Complaint Filed
Justice Report Fingers Waco Defendants in Weaver Killing
As this issue of The Balance goes to press, CAUSE Foundation has filed an Omnibus Civil Rights Complaint in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division. The 100-plus page complaint alleges a cause of action against all of the BATF and FBI agents involved in Waco, a conspiracy complaint against Richard Rogers and Lon T. Horiuchi for the killing of Vicki Weaver in Idaho, excessive use of force, due process violations, and a negligent supervision, retention, and training claim against Janet Reno. Continued on Page 4.
1
i	+
4	*
NRA Denial, Continued.
At the second meeting of the Civil Rights Legal Defense Fund, Lyons explained why CAUSE had represented the Klan and other groups. These cases had been known to the board before the vote, but didn’t seem to matter. It was pointed out that CAUSE had also represented both the Counsel of Conservative Citizens and the NAACP over the issue of a confederate flag rally and at least half of the Branch Davidians were black, but nothing could be done to move Cottrol and another board member, David Kaplan, from denying the grant. Roy Innis from Congress On Racial Equality (C.O.R.E.) was called in by the Fund to ensure that the proceedings were entirely politically correct. The grant was taken under advisement and Kirk Lyons returned to CAUSE in a state of limbo. Because of CAUSE Foundation’s stand on civil rights, that everyone, regardless of affiliation, is entitled to representation to protect their rights, the guardians of gun-owners’ legal rights snatched government defeat in Waco from the jaws of victory.
Immediately after the initial vote to grant the money, CAUSE personnel contacted the various experts, telling them that the Waco case had been funded. In less than a day, the entire process ground to a halt while anxious lawyers waited for the word. Two weeks passed in growing apprehension. Finally, a tersely worded letter arrived from the NRA: your grant that we voted unanimously to give is denied.
But like the U.S. Congress and Senate down the street, a yes is a no and a no is a yes; Washington politics as usual, even at the NRA. It must be the water. A call from a board member informed us that the grant hadn’t really been denied, but that the grant couldn’t be given as CAUSE was "too political." Find someone else, resubmit the grant and the money is yours, CAUSE directors were told. Quickly, another application was drawn up and Carl Haggard, a former Assistant District Attorney in Houston, now a lawyer in private practice, agreed to accept the grant for the Gyarfas family. The application was hand-carried to the Fund board members and, again, CAUSE lawyers waited as the deadline for designating expert witnesses marched inexorably closer with each passing day.
As the NRA procrastinated, CAUSE took such other steps as it could to secure funds to pay the experts. "This case (Waco) is primarily a shouting match between the experts for the government, the ones that brought you the independent investigations for the Treasury and Justice departments, and our real independent experts." said Kirk Lyons. An emergency appeal for funds was launched and an enthusiastic reply was received from CAUSE supporters. "The whole purpose of the NRA grant was to take the financial pressure off our regular supporters who have born the cost of justice from the beginning." said Lyons. "We thought that an organization which takes in millions could afford fifty-thousand to support the biggest gun case since the Whiskey Rebellion."
Alas, it was not to be. Haggard was unacceptable to the Fund board because he too was an "activist." Haggard had given a pro-gun speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial just a few weeks before and is a militia organizer. The grant was killed completely. Apparently, anyone who stands up for the civil rights of all people, no matter what their political persuasion, or is an outspoken supporter of the Second Amendment is too controversial for the NRA.
It was a serious blow to the case. If CAUSE had received the grant, about half the money would have been used to pay the experts (about $22,000.00) and the rest to pay expenses to finally take the depositions of Janet Reno, Richard Rogers, and Lon T. Horiuchi. However, even with the tremendous response to the appeal by CAUSE supporters, only enough money was raised to pay about three-fourths of the expert fees and some seriously outstanding back bills. Hearing about the NRA debacle, Gun Owner’s Foundation, headed by Larry Pratt, sent a generous contribution to support the litigation. Some NRA and Legal Defense Fund board members have encouraged CAUSE to resubmit the grant for February, which will be done, but the prospects of approval are not promising. Fundraising to support the Weaver/Waco litigation continues. ♦
RENO, FBI, OTHER GROUPS TARGET MILITIAS
Leader’s House Raided by Gun-Wielding Feds
Janet Reno, the FBI, Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) in Montgomery, Alabama, and the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) of B’nai B’rith have declared war on the 29 odd patriotic militia groups that have formed around the United States in recent years. These groups have been organizing to counter their perception of an attack on civil rights and the U.S. Constitution by proponents of the so-called New World Order.
In a recent letter to U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno, Morris S. Dees, director of the SPLC, stated "There is a growing danger posed by these unauthorized militia ..." The letter has been widely distributed to media sources by the SPLC. Dees claims that the SPLC has "substantial evidence that White supremacists" have heavily infiltrated militia groups in at least six states, citing particularly Idaho and Montana. "In our view," said Dees, "this mixture of armed groups and those who hate is a recipe for disaster." Dees expressed identical concerns about militias in letters sent to the attorney generals for Colorado, Florida, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, and Texas. Continued on Page 3.
Militia Mahem, Continued
In the response to special interest group pressure, federal agencies, including BATF and FBI, have stepped up efforts to counter the militia groups. BATFs Intelligence Division has issued a "briefing paper" on the militia movement, dated October 26,1994, to local law enforcement agencies across the United States. The briefing paper cites as its purpose "To provide an overview of the militia movement operating in the United States." "The militia movement is a grassroots effort that is similar to the tax protest and anti-government campaigns of the 1970s and 1980s," the report states. “During the past six months this movement has swept the country." A facsimile of the briefing paper follows:
Briefing Paper Intelligence Division October26, 1994
SUBJECT:	To provide an Overview of the Militia Move-
ment Operating Throughout the United States.
The militia movement is a grassroots effort that is similar to the tax protest and anti-government campaigns of the 1970s and 1980s. During the past six months this movement has swept across the country.
A catalyst of the movement was the formation of the Militia of Montana, a.k.a. MOM, organized after the standoff with Randy Weaver in Bonner’s Ferry, Idaho. The Branch Davidian siege in Waco also fueled the spread of the movement.
Militia organizers cite these incidents as well as the passage of the Brady Bill and the Crime Control Bill, as the basis for establishing militias- the last line of defense against Federal law enforcement. To date militias have been identified in 20 states.
These militias base their legitimacy on the Second Amendment to the Constitution, as cited by them: nA well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." Members of militias are extremely paramilitary, anti-ATF, and literal interpreters of the Constitution. They subscribe to the belief that the United States, its elected officials, the judiciary, and all segments of the Federal Government, have gotten away from the Constitution, and this belief is driving this country toward"The New World Order."
"The New World Order" is a battle cry for the militias, and generally defined as "a foreign power known as the United Nations, which is actually an oligarchy of the world’s super-
rich, who have no allegiance to any one nation and who control the United States from behind the scenes." They view the United States as a pawn of the New World Order, and law enforcement authorities are its agents.
Like Dees, the BATF briefing report cites the Militia of Montana (MOM) for special attention. "A catalyst of the movement was the formation of the Militia of Montana . . . organized after the standoff with Randy Weaver in Bonner’s Ferry, Idaho," the BATF report cites. "The Branch Davidian siege in Waco also fueled the spread of the movement. The Militia of Montana is a highly organized group that promotes and supports the formation of county militias in Montana, as well as nationally," the report continues.
In his letter to Reno, Dees said, "Citizens have the right to form peaceful groups to protest gun legislation and to engage in target practice," but he said that the militia groups have no right to violate state paramilitary laws or to "harass minorities." "I believe it is highly likely that illegal activity of this sort is already occurring," Dees told Reno, showing that he had no evidence of its occurrence. Several states, including North Carolina, have passed anti-militia statutes under the guise of "hate crime" laws.
No Poverty at Poverty Palace
CAUSE believes that, with internal strife over continued harassment of the Ku Klux Klan, a major funding activity, Dees and his SPLC are targeting other groups for fund-raising purposes. There is little poverty at the "poverty" law center. The Montgomery Advertiser published a series of articles on the Souther Poverty Law Center and Morris S. Dees, the center’s co-founder and chairman of its executive committee. Following a two-year investigation, the reporters said of the SPLC: "What emerges is a complex portrait of a wealthy civil rights organization essentially controlled by one man: Morris Dees."
Between August 1,1984 and this past spring, "the center has taken in about $62-million in contributions and spent about $21-million on actual programs, according to federal tax records," the newspaper reported. During the same period, the center’s total income from its investments ($22.1-million) "exceeded the amount spent on actual programs ($20.8-million)," according to the Advertiser. What this means is Dees’ SPLC barely spends the interest on its endowment. Moreover, according to the reporters: "The law center, which has crusaded for the rights of Blacks for 23 years, is controlled by Whites. It has hired only two Black staff attorneys in its history, both of whom left unhappy." The SPLC was contacted by CAUSE during the Branch Davidian siege at Waco to see if they would help prevent the tragedy; the SPLC declined to get involved. The SPLC will use the attack on the militia movement to gamer even more financial support. Continued on Page 5.
3
Omnibus Federal Suit, Continued.
"This suit is a copy of the Gyarfas v. United States, et al., which is pending in Waco." said CAUSE Associate Director Dave Hollaway. "The Gyarfas suit was filed first for two reasons," said Hollaway, "to get out our version of the facts before the federal white-wash reports were filed, and to fight all the government’s claims and immunities with just one party." The causes of action in Gyarfas and the new suit are the same. CAUSE represents about 30 estates and survivors of the government’s onslaught in Waco.
One agent involved in the standoff interpreted the rule change as a departure that meant, "If you see
A real break in the case has emerged in light of the U.S. Justice Department report on the killing of Vicki Weaver in Idaho. The 542 page confidential report of the Weaver standoff found that senior officials violated not only their own policies but also the Constitution when they relaxed the rules that govern when federal agents may shoot at a suspect. The report, authored by the Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR), portrays the operation as a chaotic sequence of events that went out of control. The FBI hurriedly dispatched the 50-man Hostage Rescue Team, commanded by Waco defendants Richard Rogers and Lon T. Horiuchi, after U.S. Deputy Marshal William F. Degan and 14-year old Sam Weaver were killed in an exchange of gunfire. The FBI superiors in Washington stumbled through a series of mistakes and misjudgments, at one point changing the rules of engagement for the operation and ordering agents on the scene to shoot any armed adults if they had clear shots.
Under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution and federal case law concerning the use of deadly force, law enforcement officers are not allowed to use deadly force (including tanks), unless their lives or the lives of others are in jeopardy. The report said one agent involved in the k standoff interpreted the rule change as a departure that meant, "If you see them, shoot them."
"Certain portions of the rules of engagement not only departed from the FBI’s standard deadly force policy, but also contravened the Constitution of the United States" by violating Vicki Weaver’s civil rights, the report stated. "In addition, we found these rules to be imprecise and believe that they may have created an atmosphere that encouraged the use of deadly force, thereby having the effect of contributing to an unintentional death." The official findings of the report contrast sharply with the reaction of Janet Reno and the Justice Department, which has decided not to prosecute Lon Horiuchi, the FBI sharpshooter who killed Vicki Weaver and tank driver at Waco, or anyone else connected with the Weaver incident.
"This report really helps our case in Waco," said Dave Hollaway, Associate Director at CAUSE. "It shows that the FBI has an official policy of killing innocent civilians if it fits into their operation and backs up our wrongful death claims in Waco." The omnibus civil rights suit and the Gyarfas complaint allege that the FBI, as a pattern of conduct, perpetrated the Weaver killings and Waco disaster as an affirmative plan of the United States government to summarily punish dissidents with death. "This report certainly puts another nail in Janet Reno’s coffin." said Hollaway. The report remains confidential but will be turned over to CAUSE lawyers as discovery continues in the case. CAUSE is assisting Weaver attorneys in the prosecution of that case>
BAD ATTITUDE TOWARD FREEDOM
CAUSE Director Harassed by BATF After Speech
On November 3rd, CAUSE Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons gave a presentation to local citizens and concerned gun owners in Roanoke, VA. The hour and a half talk revolved around recent anti-gun legislation and the events in Waco and was attended by about a hundred people.
Earlier that day, Mr. Lyons had appeared on a local radio talk show and fielded questions from calling listeners. Only one of the callers expressed support for the government’s actions in Waco. Lyons responded by issuing a challenge: "If you approve of what the government did in Waco, please come to tonight’s meeting; I would like to hear from you.” One local woman took up the invitation and appeared at the meeting. She said that she thought the government was justified in its actions concerning the BATF raid and FBI assault at Mount Carmel. She was immediately hooted down by the crowd, but Lyons quickly came to her aid, saying, "this is a free society; let her express her opinion without fear of reprisal." The woman, who was married to an active duty military officer, said that she felt that the government was right because her husband might be called upon to do the same (as the FBI) in confiscating weapons from civilians and she didn’t want him "dumped on" for following orders.
This rationale caused a severe reaction from the crowd and Lyons once again had to restore calm and allow the woman to continue. She admitted that Lyons’ presentation had given her some measure of doubt concerning Waco and that her support of the government mainly stemmed from fear over her husband’s military career. She either didn’t know or had forgotten that her husband had taken an oath to defend the Constitution, even against domestic enemies like the BATF. Continued on Page 5.
BATF Attitude, Continued.
At the end of the meeting, it quickly became apparent that the woman wasn’t the only one to attend in support of the government. A rather large man approached Lyons afterward and identified himself as a BATF agent, although he didn’t produce any identification. He was accompanied by two other agents who hung back but apparently also were BATF. "You’re doing a great disservice to these people by lying to them ...” the agent blurted out. "I think it’s wrong for you to encourage people to kill cops ...," he continued, "the BATF had a right to do what they did in Waco."
The agent told Lyons that, if a law enforcement agent has a signed warrant, he has a right to use deadly force and no one has a right to resist. "Basically, his idea was that, if you have a signed warrant from a judge, the government has a right to kill you." said Lyons of the encounter. "I can understand why he was paranoid; that was one of the ugliest crowds with respect to anger toward the government that I’ve ever addressed, including the Branch Davidians themselves." said Lyons. "I was a real moderate compared to the audience."
"This agent was so institutionalized that he just couldn’t accept any of the facts about Waco, including ones admitted by his own agency." Lyons continued. "He denied that the BATF had shot anyone when they at least admit killing Peter Gent and Jaydean Wendell." The BATF agent said that there was absolutely no gunfire from the helicopters. "I said to him, 'even if we agree that the BATF is incapable of telling a lie and the Branch Davidians are incapable of telling the truth, where does that leave Dick DeGuerin and Jack Zimmerman (lawyers who entered the compound during the siege and saw the bullet holes in the roof)? And what about the little children at Social Services who drew pictures of holes in the roof and helicopters firing at them?’" asked Lyons. The agent just stood there, glaring and silent. He responded by calling Lyons a "liar", saying that he (Lyons) shouldn’t be allowed to go around "upsetting” people, and then stalked off to join his companions.
While the confrontation went on, which Lyons describes as "professionally antagonistic," the other two agents buttonholed the woman and were giving her a dose of propaganda to dispel any truth she might have absorbed from the CAUSE presentation. "I tried to go over and talk to her, but when the BATF agents saw me coming, they hustled her out the door; I never did get her name." said Lyons.
Lawyers from the U.S. Department of Justice reacted strongly toward the encounter. "Lyons has a constitutional right to address these people and we won’t tolerate agents interfering in the government’s defense of the Waco case." said one. CAUSE has been under strict surveillance by FBI and BATF since its entry into the Waco litigation. Readers of The Balance may recall stories concerning radios left in hotel rooms, agents photographing CAUSE visitors, and recently, both FBI and BATF agents have been making their presence felt. One FBI agent was identified by a local news media
person as he attempted to take a clandestine photograph of several people in front of the CAUSE offices. Another appeared at the university attended by Mr. Dave Hollaway, CAUSE Associate Director, asking questions. And still another FBI agent identified himself at a martial arts school attended by Hollaway. CAUSE has learned that the Greenville, S.C., office of BATF has CAUSE listed as a "criminal gang," and that a team of BATF agents have been removed from Black Mountain, N.C., because of legal pressure.
The incidents of government harassment have been reported to the Justice Department’s Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) and an investigation has begun. Meanwhile, orders have been sent from Justice to both the FBI and Treasury Departments, instructing agents to steer clear of CAUSE during the Waco suits. ♦
Militia, Continued.
Feds Respond to Assertion of Constitutional Rights
As if on cue, the FBI swung into action, raiding the home of a militia leader in Virginia, just two weeks after BATF issued their briefing paper. On November 12, the Adjutant General of the United States Special Field Forces/National Militia (USSF) had his home invaded by armed FBI agents, making good on Janet Reno’s promise to target militia groups around the country. The USSF is a national militia organization that has been in existence for approximately 20 years.
The FBI seized on a mistake in a prototype identification card that was under development through the Adjutant General that made reference on the back to "Property of the United States Government" instead of "Property of United States Special Field Forces." The prototype card was otherwise clearly marked with the name of USSF, including the address of the headquarters in Florida. The FBI, in conjunction with the United States Attorney’s Office, used the mistake on the back to obtain an overly broad warrant to search for USSF documents "on its members."
Despite the limitations of the warrant, as in Waco, the government agents proceeded to usurp their limited authority at gunpoint and seize everything dealing with USSF, including other patches and insignia from USSF, the Adjutant General’s home computer and his uniform. The comment of one of the agents to the wife of the AG was that the FBI was targeting USSF for investigation. The description of items to be seized on the warrant included "any and all documents, records, or items referring to the United States Special Field Forces or its members, or bearing any insignia of the United States Special Field Forces." It is apparent that the true purpose of the raid was to obtain information on the membership of the militia group for intelligence or harassment purposes. CAUSE predicts that many more such incidents will occur in the next two years while Clinton and Reno both remain in office. Continued on page 7.
5
BATF AGENTS FIRED OVER WACO
Both Sue to Retain Pensions
T"wo federal agents who led the Branch Davidian raid were fired by BATF for "poor judgment" and lying to
1 investigators. Charles A. Sarabyn and Phillip J. Choj-nacki (pronounced Wass-e-now-ski), denied the accusations and said they would appeal their dismissal though the federal civil service. "This is the beginning of the truth." said Sarabyn in a statement released immediately after his firing. Chojnacki was in charge of the initial raid and Sarabyn was the overall tactical commander; both were from the Houston BATF field office.
BATF sources were quoted as saying that Chojnacki and Sarabyn refused transfers to the BATF’s Washington headquarters. The transfers would have meant taking substantial pay cuts. "This is how the government disciplines its agents after they kill someone," said CAUSE Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons, "they transfer them to Washington." One might argue that a transfer to Washington might be a death sentence, even for a heavily armed BATF agent, but Chojnacki and Sarabyn were only fired after they refused the transfers.
BATF officials accuse the pair of lying to investigators to cover up their blunders in the Mount Carmel raid. Sarabyn rode in the first wave of the attack as Chojnacki flew over in a helicopter.
Sarabyn now blames James Cavanaugh, another BATF Waco defendant, saying that Cavanaugh withheld "secret information" that would have possibly stopped the raid and avoided its disastrous consequences. Cavanaugh is now the special agent in charge of the Birmingham, Alabama, BATF office.
In an appeal filed with the Merit Systems Protection Board, Chojnacki and Sarabyn said they are trying to regain their jobs and salary with all back pay and benefits.
The BATF has had more than its share of blunders and public relations debacles of late. A BATF agent in the Sacramento office put a loaded .38 to the temple of a fellow agent and pulled the trigger, killing him. "At least the BATF finally killed a potential criminal." said Dave Hollaway of the shooting. The entire Chicago BATF office is under investigation for corruption that includes selling confiscated guns to street gangs, stealing funds for informants and accepting illegal gifts and gratuities, on top of a sexual harassment investigation. Six Chicago agents have already been transferred as disciplinary action, probably to Washingtion.
Hundreds of law-abiding citizens have been illegally victimized by actions federal agents as their agencies continue their legal battles, such as Waco and Weaver, for damages against the government. For example, a gun owner in Tulsa, Oklahoma, came home recently to find his
home completely demolished by the BATF. The agents said they though it was a harmless tactical drill.
The BATF budget for last year was $359 million, including $280 million for law enforcement. BATF seized 15,011 weapons nationwide at a cost of $18,553 per gun, most of them legal. One writer has suggested cutting the BATF budget and making the money available through block grants to local law enforcement to help cut crime. "Even if they only arrest some of the ... ATF." ♦
CLAUDES TINE GUN PUBLICATION REFUSES CAUSE AD
CAUSE Foundation recently attempted to place an ad for litigation support in the national gun publication Shotgun News but was refused by the editors. Shotgun News was referred to in BATF agent David Aguilera’s search warrant affidavit as a "clandestine publication" which was read by anarchists and people who wanted to overthrow the government. The national publication for gun traders has a circulation of over 100,000 and can be bought at just about any newsstand. Aguilera’s office had a subscription to the gun tabloid. CAUSE Executive Director Kirk Lyons contacted the Associate Editor of Shotgun News who stated that the ad had been rejected because it was (guess) too political.
This from the same publication that printed a full page ad urging readers to "fire a warning shot at Congress" on Veteran’s Day. The ad requested all citizens who owned firearms to fire a shot into the air on November 11th, at exactly 11:00 p.m. The eleventh hour of the eleventh month of the eleventh day was when the Armistice was signed ending World War I and is now Veteran’s Day. The purpose of the shot was to warn members of Congress that the armed citizens of the United States were watching them and they had better govern their legislative activities accordingly. All CAUSE wanted in their ad was a contribution to fund litigation to support the Constitution, not to shoot at anybody.
Even more controversial is a book entitled The Turner Diaries sold through the publication. This book, authored by National Alliance leader Dr. William L. Pierce, describes in a futuristic diary form, the bombing of the FBI Headquarters in Washington, D.C., and a fanciful day of the ropes in which "race traitors" are hung from street lampposts. Shotgun News has been selling Pierce’s book for over ten years. Continued on Page 7.
If the thief is found breaking in, and he is struck so that he dies, there shall be no guilt for his bloodshed. Exodus 22:2.
Shotguns Lose, Continued.
Don’t ask why the CAUSE ad was more political than the warning shot ad or The Turner Diaries; Shotgun News couldn’t explain it either. "It’s completely unfathomable to me why they would refuse our ad." said Lyons. "There certainly isn’t any love lost between BATF and Shotgun News, and one would think that a publication whose livelihood depends on it being legal for people to own, buy and sell guns would be a staunch supporter of the Second Amendment." CAUSE believes the paid ad would have attracted several hundred new supporters to its BATF litigation efforts. The ad now runs in Soldier of Fortune magazine. CAUSE requests that anyone who can publish the ad in a national or local media source contact them for a copy. 4
Militia, Continued.
Police psychology experts associated with CAUSE in the Waco litigation state that a paper such as the BATF briefing indicates a certain paranoia among federal law enforcement agencies toward armed civilians in light of the shooting of Deputy U.S. Marshal William F. Degan in Idaho, the BATF agents in Waco, and the recent killings of two FBI agents in Washington, D.C. "This type of paranoia, coupled with the group dynamics of action imperative which govern these individuals, may cause them to be much more likely to shoot first.” said the expert. CAUSE Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons urges militia leaders to sign a power of attorney for individual or group representation in the event you are arrested or surrounded by government law enforcement agencies. A power of attorney will be sent upon request. 4
THE LESSON OF THE STARFISH:
or, It matters in this one
A man was walking down the beach one day while storm waves were tossing hundreds of starfish up on the shore. Everywhere he looked, the starfish languished on the beach unable to reach their watery home. It was after several miles that the man encountered a small child tossing the starfish, one by one, back into the ocean.
"What are you doing?" the man inquired. The child replied, "Trying to save these starfish. They’ll die if they stay here." The man chuckled indulgently at the child’s naivete’. "But there are thousands of them and many more down the beach. Don’t you see that what you’re doing doesn’t matter? Most of them will die anyway."
The child seemed to ignore the man’s comments and continued to pick up starfish and fling them back into the surf. But with each one he added, "It matters to this one. It matters to this one."
The obvious message of the parable of the starfish is that, while you can’t do everything, you must do what you can, even when the task seems enormous. Here at CAUSE Foundation, we depend on every dollar you fling into our storm-tossed surf. Your generous support enabled us to assemble a panel of expert witnesses that really set the Justice Department on its ear. All of our experts are highly respected professionals, many of them lecturers at the FBI academy in Quantico, VA.
But we still have a tremendous way to go. We desperately need about $30,000.00 in the next month or so just to complete the expert witness fees and travel expenses to continue the discovery. Again, after tremendous support, our donations have dwindled to a trickle. The Waco/Weaver case will cost us over a quarter of a million dollars to prosecute, but we’re halfway through. CAUSE has spent about $150,000.00 on the case.
It may seem to you that, like the multitudes of starfish, your contribution cannot stem the tide of federal tyranny, but you’re wrong! Every dollar sent us is another toll of the bell for the federal tyrants. We are winning the case! Your contribution may not seem to matter in the immensity of the task, but we can assure you, it matters in this one.
Please take the time to fill out the enclosed donation slip and send us your most generous contribution. For every $100 donation we will send a copy of the government video taken from the helicopters during the Waco BATF assault, if requested.
We would like to leave you with a letter which we recently received:
Dear Sirs:
"In your hearts, ye sons of America, scorn not to be slaves. Have you not heard the voice of blood in your own streets, louder than that which reached to heaven, that cry’d for vengeance, "that was," sayeth the Lord to Cain, "the voice of thy brothers blood?" With Abel it was but one, with you, many brethren. Therefore, if there be any vein, any nerve, any soul, any life or spirit of liberty in the sons of America, show your love for it, guard your liberty, prevent your chains. Stand up as one man for your liberty; for none but those who set a value upon this blessing are worthy of the enjoyment of it.
"From a sermon preached in Boston, 1773, by Pastor John Allen. And it seems a proper call to America with respect to Ruby Ridge and Waco. Both were a wake-up call for me. Here’s another donation in answer to the "cry of blood" from many brethren."
Some of the factors that currently restrain the government’s hand is the public outcry concerning Idaho and Waco. Please don’t think that the recent elections will secure your freedom. Not one bill passed by the Clinton administration will be repealed. Help us keep up the pressure on the feds.
Please send your contribution to support our legal efforts today! 4
7
1	A