
A Newsletter of Civil Rights and Current Even
		
Summer, 1996	D.M.A. Hollaway, Editor	VoL 7, No. 2
We wondered if, this time, things would be different? We wondered if three years of public outrage, Congressional hearings and civil lawsuits had made any impression on the federal government, particularly the FBI? We wondered if this would be a deja vu of Waco?
CAUSE Foundation had an interest in the "FreemenH standoff from almost the beginning. Because of the Foundation’s extensive involvement in the incidents at Waco, Texas involving the Davidians, we were interested in seeing to it that another "Waco" did not happen here.
On day four of the siege we learned that three North Carolinians with whom we had had previous contact were included among the besieged. Members of the Hance family had called us on another matter several months ago and were now in Montana with the Freemen (who actually prefer to be called the Men and Women of Justus Township). Because of this connection and because we are all too familiar with how these things usually end (namely, by fire) we felt a burden to see what we could do.
We contacted Sherry Matteucci, United States Attorney in Billings, Montana to offer our assistance. An Assistant United States Attorney walked our phone number over to the FBI who called us later that night. On 30 March the FBI asked us to submit a proposal for resolution of the standoff. In our proposal we made it clear that our interest was in saving lives, not representing the Freemen or grandstanding before the Press. The FBI’s chief negotiator did not
immediately accept our offer.
As the siege progressed, the FBI would rotate its negotiators. As each new team of negotiators came on board, they would call and see if our offer of assistance was still on the table. Each time, we would assure them that we stood willing to help in whatever way we could.
On 21 May things began to look bad for a peaceful resolution. The negotiations had broken down. State Senator from Colorado, Charles Duke erupted from the talks spluttering, fuming and muttering curses against the Freemen. He acted as if his pride had been wounded. He was obviously mad at the Freemen, but why he was mad was not obvious. If they were not buying what he was' selling, he should have shut up and gone home. We felt that he should have been much more gracious in defeat. We also worried that the things he was saying would convince the FBI that their peaceful approach was wrong.
The arrival of armored vehicles only seemed to confirm our fears. They arrived before the week was out. Soon there was talk of cutting power to the ranch. What would be next... evening serenades of bunny mutilations? Shades of Waco.
The next week the FBI called to tell us that we had been up graded to a "viable option.” We still doubted that they were seriously intending on using us. After all, we are suing them in Federal court for their disastrous handling of the Davidian siege. We have been one of their most vocal critics. We have been unrelenting in our attacks on their Stalinesque handling of political and religious dissidents. To our great surprise, they called a week later.
We received the call Wednesday, 28 May. The FBI negotiators wanted to know what we proposed to do or say if we were allowed to meet with the Freemen. That night Kirk Lyons and Dave Hollaway drafted a letter which was faxed to Montana the next day. The FBI subsequently sent the letter into the ranch. Apparently it was well received. The negotiators called Wednesday, 5 June to tell us that they would like our help. We arranged to fly to Billings Sunday.
Our team consisted of Attorney Kirk Lyons, Executive Director of CAUSE Foundation, Dave Hollaway, Associate Director and Affiliate Attorney, Lourie Salley III, of Salley, SC. They would not be negotiators. They would be going Justus Township Siege Continued on Page 2
SHADES OF WACO
by Dr. Neill H. Payne
CAUSE Negotiates Peaceful End to Siege of Justus T o wnship Standoff
1
I
Justus Township Siege Continued from Page 2 in as 'Third Party Intermediaries" or TPI’s in fed-speak. They flew into Billings, Montana Sunday night where they rented a car and drove to Jordan.
After an all-morning briefing, the FBI drove the CAUSE team from command post to the Freemen ranch thirty miles away. Within the first ten minutes of meeting the citizens of Justus Township, the CAUSE team knew what it was going to take to resolve the standoff. So that everyone could establish more of a rapport, our team continued to visit with them and discuss the situation. Nevertheless, one thing was pivotal to any agreement, they would have to have LeRoy Schweitzer's OK on any plan they made. The Men and Women of Justus Township were not willing to break faith with their jailed comrades, Schweitzer and Peterson. No matter what happened, they would not go behind the backs of their friends.
The CAUSE team got a written agreement from the Freemen that if Edwin Clarke could meet LeRoy Schweitzer they would give their final answer within 24 hours whether or not. The FBI were amazed. This was the first agreement that anyone had been able to get in writing from the inception of the siege.
That evening, our team told the FBI what they needed to do to bring this standoff to an end. Edwin Clarke would have to have a face to face meeting with LeRoy Schweitzer. The agent in charge said, "Let me get this straight. You want us to take this guy that we have under siege. You want us to put him on an FBI plane and fly him to the jail in Billings where we want to put him. Then you want us to let him talk to his co-conspirator and afterwards put him back on our plane, take him back arid put him back under siege? Is that what you're asking?" We said yes. They said OK.
This was a very unusual request, and the director of the FBI, Louis Freeh had to authorize it himself. To his credit, he agreed. He knew, one must assume, that if this plan blew up he would have Hell to pay.
Tuesday afternoon the plane was readied and Edwin Clarke, the CAUSE team and Duane Fusele of the FBI flew to Billings. The meeting with Schweitzer was Long and intense, but he readily agreed that it was time to take this fight to the courts. A five-point agreement for resolution of the standoff was adopted. Mr. Schweitzer then put on an audio tape message to his friends at Justus Township that he felt it was time to resolve their fight in court.
The intermediaries from CAUSE Foundation had cleared the first major hurdle. The Freemen got their meeting and the word from Schweitzer was to come out. The other major concern they had was the preservation of their evidence.
The evidence they had consisted of documents, books and papers that explained their view of Biblical/Con-stitutional government. It also dealt with laws and court rulings that they had relied upon to justify their activities. Furthermore, there were also papers which they allege
expose the corrupt practices of the local Garfieu	J
government. The activities of these dirty politician^ & J* & the heart of all that lead up to the standoff. Quite	^
the Freemen did not trust the government to safeguard^ <*] evidence. They were quite familiar with many instant either from first hand experience or otherwise, where peop\4 were arrested and their important documents "disappeared" once they got into government hands.
The first suggestion was that CAUSE Foundation become the custodian. CAUSE was willing to do so. However, it was pointed out that North Carolina would be a long way to go to get any particular document they might need in preparing for a trial. The Freemen preferred State Representative Carl Ohs. If he would agree to be the custodian, they would be satisfied.
On Wednesday all was looking good for a peaceful settlement. Then the tractors showed up. A grandson of Emmett Clarke had managed to obtain a court order from an even stupider Montana state judge. With this order he proceeded to the only check point not manned by FBI. Upon presenting the state trooper, who was at the checkpoint, with an official court order this farm equipment, media and Sheriffs caravan was allowed through. Arriving at the ranch in plain view of the Freemen, they began to till the ground.
Of ail the stupid stunts for anyone to pull, this one took the prize. It also came close to getting people killed. These selfish, gimme-cap-wearing goons might have ruined all the good work that had been done so far. The standoff was on the verge of coming to an end. Anyone with a cup full of brains and a quarter for a newspaper could have known that.
When the Freemen saw what was going on, it was like throwing a rock at a hornet’s nest. The call to arms sounded and the outposts were manned. It is very lucky that this provocation did not precipitate a fire fight. The interlopers were finally persuaded to cease and desist for just a few more days. They packed up their tractors and left.
While the FBI were trying to put this fire out, Kirk had time to make some phone calls to try to rally those in the patriotic community. We wanted to be able to show the Freemen that they would not be alone if they came out. Notably, Kirk was able to talk to Eustace Mullins, who immediately volunteered his assistance. The Freemen’s beliefs most closely approximate his writings. His books reflect much of the structure for what they believe about the money system of the United States. We hope that with his assistance a jury will see that it wasn't greed that motivated them. They acted on a sincere belief in this understanding of the Federal Reserve. If this can be brought out at trial, it will show in spite of what they may have done, that they were not acting with the necessary criminal intent. When our team got to the ranch the mood was very tense. They could not believe that this latest insult was not somehow orchestrated by the FBI. The intermediaries managed to convince the Freemen that this was a rogue occurrence, that everything was still on track.
Thursday, was moving day. The Men and Women of Justus Township had come to an agreement with the FBI and were due to come out at 4:00 P.M. There was still some doubt that everyone would be coming out. Then at about 11:00 A.M. the upside-down American flag that had been flying above the Freemen’s observation post was
Justus Township Siege Continued on Page 3
... if this plan blew up he would have Hell to pay.
2
«
Justus Township Siege Continued from Page 2 lowered by Lyons and Salley. They replaced it with a Confederate flag that had been hanging on the wall of the school room. To those in the know, the raising of the Confederate battle flag sent a signal that the CAUSE team had been successful. It meant that everyone would be coming out.
To the media, who by this point were micro-analyzing everything, it meant nothing. They were totally confused and could not even speculate as to its meaning. That was one of the intended effects and it was amusing to watch. It became apparent that they did not even understand the significance of the upside down American flag. They seemingly don’t know that the flag of any country flown upside-down is an internationally recognized signal of distress. It is the equivalent of an SOS. When the May 21 negotiations broke down, the Freemen put up a distress signal. It meant HELP! SOMEBODY, COME HELP US! The best the media could come up with is that is was some kind of statement that America is in distress {<|:-/ The media have sunk very low when they cannot even be counted on to transmit an SOS.
There was a lot that had to be rounded up. All of the things that they considered evidence were not in one location. Loading and fetching these thousands of books, papers, files etc. was taking longer than expected. As the time to leave passed, evidence was still being collected. Personal effects also had to be secured. Last minute motions and warrants were being prepared. Our team began to wonder if the FBI would remain patient.
The reality of their situation was beginning to sink in as the Freemen continued to prepare to leave. They began to really realize that this was it. The standoff was over and soon they would face the uncertain future of jail and a trial in a system that they know is corrupt, baseless and illegitimate. The work'of packing**and loading help them not to think too much about that.-' '	.	/	y-c;	\	'-
The evidence truck went out first, driven by Montana State Representative Carl Ohs. The Freemen cameout in a convoy and Kirk drove the large RV. They considered it evidence too, so Kirk said he would do what he could to drive it off the ranch. The FBI was at the gate waiting to transfer the Freemen. The CAUSE team monitored the arrest. In a somewhat humorous twist, as each of the Men and Women of Justus Township were arrested, they in turn "arrested" the FBI agents. The FBI were presented with arrest warrants for operating outside their jurisdiction. The Freemen made a point of the fact that they were not surrendering. They were being seized as belligerent claimants.
The end of the standoff was very emotional for all sides. The Freemen were treated courteously by the FBI and, as agreed, they were not handcuffed. Kirk Lyons said,
"I cried as Ralph and Emmett Clarke were escorted to the van. We all did. It was as if I were watching the Old West passing into history."
So what lies in the future . . . lies, broken promises, good intentions gone astray? If our experience of justice at the hands of the Feds is any guide, we may expect double-dealing, sham Justice, and deceit. Already we hear that the Freemen are not being given their personal mail. There are unanswered questions about the status of the evidence truck. Ralph and Emmett Clarke have not been given a reasonable bond. We’re glad of one thing that there isn’t.
There isn’t a blackened, smoking ruin with an ATF flag flying over it, nor is there another pile of human sacrifices on the Federal Moloch altar. There is also still the hope that an honest jury will acquit them.
Supporters of the Freemen need to help educate the potential jurors about their rights. They must know that they can vote for what is just and fair despite what the law and the facts are. It will take money and volunteers to get this done.
We have pledged to continue to do what we can to help secure justice for the Freemen and humanitarian aid for their dispossessed families. The Men and Women of Justice Township need your help. Contact us for a list of families in need of assistance and for information on how you can help them in their fight.
WACO NOTES
ATF agent in Waco siege commits suicide
The Washington Times reported that Special Agent Nathaniel T. Medrano, 32 of the ATF’s Los Angeles office shot himself in the head July 23,1996. It was apparently in response to criticism leveled against him in the report of the Treasury Department concerning the events at Waco.
During January 1993, Agent Medrano went undercover to spy on David Koresh and the people who lived at Mt. Carmel near Waco. This was about a month before the disastrous raid that began the 51-day siege. His amateurish handling of his assignment, to pose as a UPS deliveryman, tipped off Koresh that some kind of government operation was afoot according to the Treasury report issued in the wake of the Waco fiasco.
Our condolences to those he left behind.
5th Circuit orders Davidian sentences reviewed
August 6 the Fifth Circuit upheld the convictions in the Branch Davidian criminal trial in a two to one decision. However, the court ordered the trial judge, Walter Smith, to reconsider his findings regarding possession of machine guns. If the judge determines that machine guns were not used in the 28 February firefight, he must reduce the sentences of five of the Davidians by 30 years each. An appeal to the United States Supreme Court on the convictions is expected.
House Waco subcommittee slams Reno, FBI and ATF House investigation leaders said on 12 July that President Clinton should have accepted Janet Reno’s offer to resign, because she was seriously negligent in forcing the end of the 51 day standoff. The full 700 page Waco report will be available later this summer.
The Balance is a newsletter published by CAUSE Foundation, a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international human-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editorial and submission inquires should be sent to Editor, The Balance, Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711.
3
To Our Readers:
* It is a maxim of the common law that one is required to, “Go out bearing arms at the hew and cry of your neighbor in distress.” As you can see from this edition of the Balance, through your efforts and contributions, we were able to go to the aid of the Freemen. We were armed with the ability to speak the language of both parties so that they could reach their own agreement. We were armed with a reputation that you have enabled us to build. Most of all we were armed with the faith that God would bless peacemakers and crown our mission with success.
We were the last, best hope for peace. What we first attempted at Waco, at last we were allowed to try here. We hate to tell the Feds we told you so. We think that the results speak for themselves.
We want to be around the next time we are mneeded. But, just being here isn’t enough. We *Want to be able to do something about these crises ^hen they arise. That takes money. That is why W continuing contributions are crucial. We are in * worst part of the year financially. Donations i ^ slowed to a trickle. We hope that you share ^sion. Please give generously so that we can
IUQZ ON ‘uiejunow *>eia SCZ^oa Od uoijepunoj 3SHV0 o/o doueieg din
Please note the return address.
All correspondence should be addressed to this post office box in Black Mountain, NC.
Please discontinue using any other address to write us.
Copies of The Balance are free upon request. A year’s subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 foreign.
All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance, P. O. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711.

Justice
M. —Ja JSmS&SBBS*
Conference
Be The Judge”
Hosted By: Bill Benson and Clark 8c Associates
DATE:
PLACE:
PRICE:
TIME:
iJll *
■■I
r i i mi
(708-596-3142)
(916-723-1365)
^J^SfeptembeflStlCStE^md 15 th, 1996
'wBSSBk
'm&k
—ami
in
Wm&s&n
vit.e,v6u. to attend, in Reno at
*'■" dgits >T *r\n <6 \ "I"	^UsJftP ■	I
89501

. $72.00 fsingle/double^ mrauaesaTun PacOalue jRO.OQcer person.
^Important: Please mention the Constitutional Justice Conference at the neyou make your reservations to receive this low price. Reservations °”ne matte hv August 16.1996. iTHOTHL: 800-648-r ~~~ i
/
>^§lfe
I B^«§MSp@S5^™
Conference: $45.00/Single and $60.00/Couple
-tf	y*	gaps	■ KS|ir ^‘niwtSij
Banquet:	$25.00 per person (must pre-pay)
Exhibitor Tables: $50.00 each (8 foot tables) liL
(Important: Conference admission* Banquet tickets and exhibitor tables
must be prepaid, no payment accepted at the door - use the attached
Iform today. Sorrv no personal ch&lrelVf Call 916-/23-1365 to register, s:______7 t _	' f ft	.: ;!|i||i
wsbkb^m
SSSMlf1
"V:	..
JIM
SHIbIuIISi liTraffl
■IlliiiWi mm [Friday:	Registration	4:30to;6:^pp
i	Conference	7:00 to 10:30 p.m.
•	Saturday: Conference	9:00 aim. to 5:00 p.m.
J gf	.'	*. .
JLm* ,	Banquet	7:00 to 10:00 p.m.
•	Sunday:	Conference	9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
You won't want to miss this Conference.
■p7' '
M	916-723-1365
■■ .. ■IB
■■
lilill
,51k;.;):.! .V' \
, 10!|S * itfJP
SI;™CT
I ■■ '
...
• Speakers •
Fred Allnutt, Sr. • Larry Becraft •
Bill Benson #
Brett Brough • Jeffrey Diekstein •
Vern Holland • Lloyd Long	•
Kirk Lyons #
Richard Mack •
Eustace Mullins • Shawn O’Connor •
Gary Phillips # Arne Ristol, PhD • Franklin Sanders • Gene Schroeder •
Scored a major win against the IRS in Maryland. On March 28,1996 Fred and his son were acquitted, that's right, found "NOT GUILTY”. Well known constitutional attorney and researcher from Alabama. Larry has scored many wins against the IRS, notably Lloyd Long in Tennessee and lead counsel for Franklin Sanders' case with 17 acquittals.
Author of “The Law That Never Was”, Vol. I & II. He has some amazing facts to tell you about the progress in his cases and his ongoing battles to preserve his constitutional rights.
Bright, witty, humorous graciously agreed to act as our MC. Associated with Freeman Education Association in Oklahoma.
Famous attorney and author. Brilliant cross of the IRS agent in Allnutt's case. He’ll talk about his victories against the IRS and his book, “Judicial Tyranny”.
The Freeman Education Association in Oklahoma. He'll teach us about Quiet Titles and tell us about their progress.
Scored another major hit against the IRS in 1994. Listen to the battle waged and won.
The Executive Director of Cause Foundation, he is major player in the lawsuit again Janet Reno, BATF, FBI and others responsible for the WACO MASSACRE. Played a major part in the peaceful outcome at “Justus” Montana.
Sheriff in Arizona who has brought suit against the Federal Government because of the Brady Bill. He running for re-election and can use all the help he can get. (Sheriff Mack has been invited but has not yet confirm.) Renowned author of Secrets of the Federal Reserve The World Order, Murder by Injection, The Rape of Justice, and others.
Head of the legal defense section of Free Enterprise Society. Will enlighten us about their recent victories and what’s in the works for the future.
Employee of the DOJ, Immigration who tangled with the government and launched a campaign against Oath takers.
Revocable, Irrevocable, Living, Common Law, Offshore ??????
TRUSTS! He'll tell us the what all the fuss is about.
One of 17 acquitted in Tennessee. Authority on “money” and other alternatives.
What the government is doing to us by suspending the “constitution”. WAR AND EMERGENCY POWERS.
Bob Wright •	President of AMCOR Capital Corp. who hied suit against the United
States of America and 21 named individuals for $1 billion. The suit charges violation of Constitutional rights, conspiracy to violate civil rights, unlawful disclosure of tax return information and invasion of privacy.
also appearing throughout the weekend,
Carl Klang	•	Patriot,	poet,	songwriter,	an	entertainer extraordinaire. Mandatory
listening for those who love Liberty. Presented in “folk-protest” style. .
916-723-1365
Name(s):
September 13,14 and 15,1996
Constitutional Justice Conference
San ft*	St eg envy Was/no
345 N. Arlington Avenue Reno, NV 89501 Hotel Telephone: T800-648-3553 (Reservation Deadline 8/16/96)
Mailing Address:.
Phone: (home)
(work)
Fax:
Conference:
Tickets
(SPACE IS GOING FAST, RESERVE YOURS TODAY)
Amt. Enclosed
Single(s) @ $45.00/Single Couple(s) @ $60.00/Couple
$.
$.
Total Admission Amt. $_
Banquet:
Banquet Tickets @ $25.00 ea.
Total Banquet Amt. $.
Exhibitor Tables:
______8 ft. Exhibitor Tables $50.00 ea. $__________
Total Exhibitor Amt. $.
Total Amount Enclosed for Conference:	|_____
Payment by Money Order, or Cashier's Check only, SORRY, NO PERSONAL CHECKS
Complete this form and mail (with total amounts to:	Clark	& Associates
7777 Sunrise Blvd., Suite 1800-277 Citrus Heights, CA 95610 Telephone: 916-723-1365 FAX: 916-723-9423 E-mail: kcbit@gvn.net If we can answer your questions, please give us a call.
In Convention, September 1787 the the following words were laid down.
^PfCdie &eofi/e ofedie ^Unified (§fycUe6’J in <wden fo fewm a nuwefietfeect anion, eata/didi justice, muwe domealcc foa/nyudityj /w*o'iU<Jefew die
common, defeme, fwomote die	mefewe, and&eeune die /dewim/jp cfe/deafen toourne/ved- a/nd oun
do ondaon andeata/dudi t/u& ^tyon&titution, few die ^United dffiatea- ofe GSdme&tca.
If you look closely at the words as they were originally written, there is no hidden meaning. They are very straight forward and mean exactly what they say today, as they did yesteryear. We are an intelligent People and do not need or want it interpreted to mean something that it doesn’t say.
'peaewv#
<3/<*
OUK
01956 VD H»| S| LIZ-00813WS "pm HI
S9)vpossy y >[jvjj