3£ i- ■'	*
«1«®U
A Newsletter of Civil Rights nd Current Even
		
March-April, 1995	D.M.A. Hollaway, Editor	Vol 6, No. 1
Contract On America
Radical Republicans Rend Rights
When the November election blew the Republican Party into majority power, many conservatives breathed a sigh of relief after several years of Clinton and his radical restructuring of the social fabric of America. But, just when you may have thought it safe, it appears that the cure may be worse than the disease.
The first Republican approach to crime-fighting was to allow federal prosecutors to use evidence gathered by law-enforcement agents without a search warrant as long as the officials believed the search was legal.
The revelation of House Resolution (H.R.) 666 caused a storm of protest from civil liberties groups and even some members of Congress who argue that the easing of the rule of evidence that prevents law enforcement officers from violating the Fourth Amendment rights would encourage police officers and federal agents to disregard the constitutional safeguard to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures. "We ought to exempt the entire American people from this demon bill," said one congressman.
Some congress members, mostly Democrats, did win a small victory when they succeeded in excluding the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (BATF) and the Internal Revenue Service from the more-lenient procedures for executing searches and seizures. Some House members praised BATF agents as "good, hardworking, federal employees" but others referred to the agency as a "one of the most Rambo, rogue law enforcement agencies in the United States." A spokesperson for BATF said the criticism "always kind of stings, but we’ve faced it before."
The Senate has yet to consider matching legislation to the second of six crime bills the new Republican majority calls the "Take Back Our Streets Act" but has a bill called the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Improvement Act of 1995 before them. The act is part of the so-called "Contract With America" which includes revamping many provisions of the anti-crime bill passed last year, including the controversial assault weapons ban. Passage of the bill allowed Republicans to give a mostly symbolic boost to most law enforcement officials. H.R. 666, entitled Exclusionary Rule Reform Act of 1995, would legalize the use of evidence gathered when police mistakenly believe they were in one of the many situations that do not require as search warrant. Under current law, any evidence gathered without a search warrant cannot be used in court unless the police believed they had a valid warrant. Continued on Page 3.
No Remedial Action
NRA Refuses to Distribute New Grant
One Waco Claim Collapses
As reported in the last Issue of The Balance, the NRA Firearms Civil Rights Defense Fund reneged on a $50,000.00 grant to support the Waco litigation effort. The Defense Fund operates under the auspices of the NRA and has separate directors.
Because of the volume of protest that arose when the grant denial became known to NRA members, the Board of Directors voted to grant $50,000 in "discretionary funds" to support litigation in both the Waco and Weaver cases. Continued on Page 2.
1
NRA, Continued.
Tanya Metaksa, Director of the Institute for Legislative Action, was ordered to appropriate the funds from the ILA budget. But despite the passage of three months and hundreds of letters from NRA members urging action, not one cent of the money has been disbursed. Moreover, this recalcitrance has directly led to the collapse of one of the Waco suits against the individual federal defendants, including Attorney General Janet Reno.
In September, 1993, CAUSE Foundation filed suit against the United States of America, Bill Clinton, Janet Reno, and senior officers of the FBI and BATF in Gyarfas v. United States of America, etal. The case was prosecuted under two legal jurisdictions: against the individual federal defendants under Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents and against the United States itself under the Federal Tort Claim Act (FTCA).
Much information about what really happened at Waco has been uncovered by CAUSE in legal discovery but some information cannot be made public because of the danger of tipping federal defense lawyers to a surprise at trial. One example is an FBI form FD-302 wherein one of the CEV tank drivers admits having to exit the building because of fire threatening his vehicle in the area of the kitchen. This is the first documented proof the fire occurred while armored vehicles were still inside Mount Carmel.
If the Gyarfas claims against the individuals were lost because of lack of discovery, then a domino effect would ensue, affecting all the other claims against the individual federal defendants, including those of the companion omnibus suit filed by CAUSE in Houston.
When CAUSE heard about the discretionary funds, a letter was immediately sent to Metaksa, asking for information on how the funds could be released. After thirty days and no response, CAUSE sent an emergency, eleventh hour appeal to the ILA asking for help and, again, was ignored. Metaksa had also denied a request from attorney Charles O. Griggson of Austin who represents members of the Riddle family killed at Waco. Metaksa stated that the Waco/Weaver litigation funds were "not to be used for court." Lawyers familiar with the case said they were unaware of any other type of litigation except that which is conducted in court. The hundreds of letters from NRA members sent to Metaksa demanding action were also ignored.
Depositions of Janet Reno and the other senior officials were set to begin April 5, but the case was set for trial on May 15. Because of the lack of funds, a strategic decision was made by CAUSE attorneys to abandon the claims against the individuals. This leaves the FTCA claim against the United States but lets the individuals escape, at least with respect to claims by the Gyarfas family.
"There was a real danger of proceeding to trial with the limited discovery we had been able to do at this point." said attorney Kirk Lyons. If the Gyarfas claims against the individuals were lost because of lack of discovery, then a domino effect would ensue, affecting all the other claims against the individual federal defendants, including those of the companion omnibus suit filed by CAUSE in Houston. "This way, the individual federal defendants get away in Gyarfas but we still have a crack at them when the Houston case comes to trial." said Lyons.
Oliver and Elizabeth Gyarfas are the natural parents of Aisha Gyarfas Summers and the grandparents of Startle Summers, both of whom perished in the April 19, 1993, holocaust. Oliver and Elizabeth were contacted in Australia and agreed to give up their claims in the hope that Reno and company would be brought to justice in the Houston suit.
"It was maddening to know the money was there for us to proceed but that it was held back." said Lyons of Metaksa’s actions. "It’s a real blow, but not one we can’t get over." said Lyons. Most lawyers involved in Waco litigation have agreed to cooperate in discovery and to "bunch up for mutual protection" against the formidable financial resources of the federal government. "I want to stress that this doesn’t mean we won’t get a chance at getting Reno," said Lyons, "but it gives us more time and allows us to share resources instead of going it alone."
While Tanya Metaksa and the ILA were not engaging in "litigation," they filed their own suit against Clinton. The NRA filed suit in federal court to overthrow the 1994 assault weapons ban. "We challenged the Clinton gun ban in the voting booth November 8, and we won. We are challenging the ban in the 104th Congress, and we are gaining ground. It is time to take our case to the courts." Metaksa was quoted.
One can see from the fine legislation promulgated by the 104th Congress just where Metaksa’s vaunted election victory is taking us. And while we would wish great success to the ILA legal endeavor, even if won, it would only revert the law back to the pre-Waco days and federal agents would be as free as ever to conduct even more raids. CAUSE believes that the only true way to deter the federal government and their agents from concocting another Waco is to obtain a judgment against the perpetrators for individual liability. If you agree, and especially if you are an NRA member, you may write:
Ms. Tanya Metaksa Institute for Legislative Action 11250 Waples Mill Road Fairfax, VA 22030
or call her at 703-267-1140; 703-267-3973, Facsimile.*
If you have any information on illegal BATF activities, contact Robert Sanders, ATF Watch, P. O. Box 667, Ben Franklin Station, Washington, D.C., 20044-0667.*
Contract, continued.
The bill also states "Nothing in this section shall be construed so as to violate the fourth article of amendments to the Constitution of the United States." It is difficult to imagine, from a legal standpoint, how this bill could fail to violate the Constitution. The United States Supreme Court has required that searches and seizures be legally analyzed under an objective standard of reasonableness. The intent or good faith of the officer has nothing to do with it. Under current Supreme Court precedent, a law enforcement officer’s good faith cannot make an unreasonable search or seizure good nor can his bad faith make a reasonable search bad.
It is difficult to imagine, from a legal standpoint, how this bill could fail to violate the Constitution.
The impact of the less-restrictive search rules would be limited to less than 5 percent of all cases now tried in federal courts. Sixty-nine Democrats voted with 220 Republicans to approve the gutting of the greatest single protection against federal agent home intrusion.
Another hideous Constitution killer is The Omnibus Counterterroism Act of 1995, H.R. 896, submitted by Charles Schumer, D-New York. Basically, this bill calls for increased federal law enforcement and military operations against those deemed by the President as "terrorists" or "revolutionaries." The 111 page document calls for, among other things:	Substantive	Criminal	Law	Enforcement;
Immigration Law Improvements; Controls Over Terrorist Fund-Raising; Convention on the Marketing of Plastic Explosives; [Legal] Procedural and Technical Corrections and Improvements; Addition of Terrorist Offenses to the RICO Statute; Authorization for Interception of Communications in Terror Related Offenses; Expansion of Federal Jurisdiction Over Bomb Threats; Increased Penalty for Explosives Conspiracies; Amendment to Include Assaults, Murder, and Threats Against Former Federal Officials, and other such wonderfully titled inclusions.
Although the bill seems innocent enough on the surface, careful reading reveals that it would open the door just a little more toward an effective police state. Under the guise of fighting "terrorism," the military and police powers of the federal government would be broadly expanded, even to the point of appointing "Special Judges" as is called for in the bill, H.R. 896.
If this were not enough, an even more ominous sounding piece of legislation is before Congress, entitled the Rapid Deployment Strike Force Act, H.R. 97. This marvelous legal treatise authorized Janet Reno (or the next Attorney General) to establish a 2,500-man unit within the FBI which "shall be available to assist units of local government in combating crime ..." and is to be commanded by an FBI Deputy Assistant Director.
The two-thousand-plus federal combat unit will be staffed by personnel from within the Department of Justice (FBI, to include the infamous Hostage Rescue Team commanded by Waco defendant Richard Rogers) and "personnel transferred from other entities or any other Federal agency." Informed sources in Washington have said that, while there will be no Congressional reopening of the Weaver or Waco investigations, the Republican-controlled Congress is planning to dismantle BATF by zeroing out the agency’s budget and transferring its functions to other federal agencies. BATF Director John W. Magaw has already been notified of the move and told to prepare for such on a contingency basis. Washington sources also have intimated that Magaw may be moved to the FBI as a Deputy Assistant Director to command the Strike Force and many of his BATF agents would fill the slots.
The Strike Force would be available upon the application of a state Governor or "chief executive officer or the affected local government" such as the Mayor of Washington, D.C. Upon a good faith finding by the Deputy Assistant Director, FBI, that the occurrence of criminal activity in a particular jurisdiction is being exacerbated by the interstate flow of drugs, guns, and criminals, "an appropriate number" of Strike Force members would be deployed.
While there will be no Congressional reopening of the Weaver or Waco investigations, Congress is planning to dismantle BATF by zeroing out the agency’s budget and transferring its functions to other federal agencies.
The bill also authorizes federal agents to be "deputized" to enforce the state laws of wherever they’re deployed. When not surrounding churches or raiding homes under the relaxed exclusionary rule, the Strike Force members would be assigned to "regional support of FBI efforts and programs."
Most of this legislation is supposedly aimed at the so-called "war on drugs" but can only mean less and less individual freedom for American citizens, larger government and more Waco-style Constitutional abuses. CAUSE urges you to write your Congressional representatives and senators to oppose this type of legislation.♦
The Balance is a newsletter published by CAUSE Foundation, Inc., a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international human-civil rights. Premission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editorial and submission inquiries should be sent to P. O. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711. Not responsible for unsolicited materials.
3
Military Helped Plan Waco Attack
Fired BATF Agents Rehired After Threatening to ’Talk"
Among the many documented acts of incompetence and mendacity by BATF, the supposed lack of a written raid plan may appear to many as a minor point. But the paramilitary operation at Waco was the biggest operation in law enforcement history, and, ultimately, strains belief that any agency, even BATF, would assemble over 250 agents for a raid of such momentous scale and not have a written plan.
Yet the U.S. Treasury Report, ordered by President Clinton, states, "No one had even started drafting the mandatory documentation of the raid plan..." After being told that no written raid plan existed five days before the February 28th raid, the official report states that BATF special agents, Waco suit defendant Darrell Dyer and William Krone, "took it upon themselves to produce one, even though they started with little knowledge about the work of the tactical planners... The two of them had essentially finished a written raid plan the day before the raid. The plan, however, remained on Krone’s desk; it was never distributed to any agents, or relied upon by any of the planners."
That ostensible plan did become useful later, however, when it was doctored in an attempt to divert blame. Yet Treasury investigators minimized the misleading alterations made by defendant Dyer and the raid commanders, defendants Phillip Chojnacki and Charles Sarabyn, as an "extremely troubling ... lack of judgment," one which, the report assures us, does "not necessarily [indicate]... an intent to deceive."
What the Treasury investigators do not say in the report, either in an effort to cover up the truth or because they did not know, is that a written raid plan did exist and that BATF, indirectly aided by the U.S. Army’s self-interest, has engaged in an ongoing cover-up of the real story behind that plan.
After a three-month investigation by Soldier of Fortune magazine, a picture emerges of a pervasive use of false statements and so-called national security interests as a ruse to hide the facts. It raises serious questions about the lack of accountability for the military’s ever-growing role in civilian law enforcement, which has been given a congressional green light under the auspices of the "war on drugs" (see related story).
A classified teletype message from the commanding general of Joint Task Force Six (JTF-6) at Fort Bliss, Texas, then-Brigadier General John M. Pickier, was sent on 17 February 1993, authorizing the use of Green Berets to train BATF for the Davidian raid. The teletype specifically states, "This operation has the highest interest of BATF-Washing-ton, and has been approved at that level." This evidence coincides with the CAUSE legal theory that the Davidian raid was approved by former BATF Director and now Waco
defendant Stephen E. Higgins as a propaganda ploy prior to congressional hearings on the BATF and its budget. It is obvious that the military reviewed the written plan prior to approving military assistance for the BATF raid.
In planning its raid against the Branch Davidians, BATF requested and received extensive military assistance, most notably from the 3rd Battalion, 3rd Special Forces Group (Green Berets) from Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
On 6 January 1993, BATF officially filed a request "for support for an ongoing drug case (emphasis added)," according to a planning chronology prepared by the Army’s Special Operations Command (USASOC). By 22 January, paperwork was filed "from ATF requesting a MOUT [Military Operations in Urban Terrain] site, Bradley Fighting Vehicles, tents, light sets, heaters, generators and other military items of equipment," the USASOC document states. The reference to Bradleys contradicts BATF’s many denials that it ever considered using armor against the Mount Carmel religious retreat.
The original raid plan also anticipated a significant number of casualties, or "acceptable losses."
Treasury sources state that after the raid’s stupendous failure, top BATF officials "didn’t dare show the [original raid] plan" because "it was outrageous." Although the original raid plan has not been made public, information gleaned from documents suggest that the plan did, in fact, exist.
For example, in a memorandum for record written on 3 February 1993, U.S. Army Major Philip W. Lindley wrote that his analysis of the original plan revealed that "the degree of [Army] involvement proposed [by BATF] crossed the [legal] line and exposed the [Special Forces trainers] to criminal as well as civil liability." Lindley, then deputy staff judge advocate for USASOC, described the BATF plan as "an actual law enforcement mission with civil targets... to be attacked' (emphasis added). The original raid plan also anticipated a significant number of casualties, or "acceptable losses."
Among other findings of the Soldier of Fortune investigation and partially confirmed by documentation received in legal discovery by CAUSE Foundation were that Waco defendants Chojnacki, Sarabyn, and Davy Aguilera lied repeatedly, and in significant detail, about the supposed drug lab at Mount Carmel, according to numerous Army documents. Army special operations staff officers who suspected that BATF was lying were ignored. Indeed, Chojnacki and Sarabyn were fired for misconduct, but when they sued BATF and threatened "to name names," both agents were suddenly rehired by BATF with no loss in pay. Another Waco defendant, Robert Rodriquez who acted undercover to infiltrate Mount Carmel, has sued BATF claiming that he has been used as a scapegoat to cover the misdeeds of superiors. Continued on Page 5.
Military, Continued.
Additional documentation suggests that unauthorized subject matter, specifically Close Quarter Combat (CQC), was taught to BATF by Special Forces, violating very specific policy prohibitions by Special Forces command, the Army, and Department of Defense. In direct violation of their mission orders, Green Beret trainers wrote a specific assault scenario for BATF and participated in rehearsal for that assault.
During their training at Fort Hood, Texas, BATF agents bragged to their Green Beret trainers that the rad was going to receive extensive media coverage, further evidence the BATF staged the raid as a media stunt to bolster their standing in upcoming congressional budget hearings. Four of the Green Beret trainers were present at Mount Carmel when the raid occurred. On returning to JTF-6 headquarters, the four expressed fears that they had been filmed by television cameramen at the scene.
This level of military involvement might never have been approved had it not been for BATF’s claims that David Koresh was operating a methamphet-amine lab.
After electing not to use Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicles in the initial assault on Mount Carmel, BATF changed their minds after being repulsed by only six armed Davidians. At 1630 hours on 28 February 1993, the Army recorded a request from BATF for ten Bradleys "to occupy defensive positions." Possibly with revenge in mind, BATF ominously noted, "If the vehicles are to be used in an assault role, U.S. Army markings are to be obscured." FBI took over from BATF and prevented the Bradley assault.
This level of military involvement might never have been approved had it not been for BATF’s claims that David Koresh was operating a methamphetamine lab. The drug issue is important in assessing the credibility of the Army and BATF. The drug nexus, or the lack of one, goes to the heart of a much broader problem in which the so-called war on drugs is being used as a ruse to get the military more and more involved in civilian law enforcement in the United States. In 1989, then-Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney designated drugs as a national security threat. Congress then passed a defense authorization bill that year, directing the Pentagon to train and assist "to the maximum extent possible" all civilian law enforcement agencies engaged in drug interdiction.
From that authorization, several regional military task forces were created in the United States. Two of the most active are JTF-6 near El Paso, Texas, which has operational control for states bordering Mexico^ and Colorado and JTF-4, headquartered in Miami, which covers states along the Gulf of Mexico and the southeast Atlantic coast. Each task force headquarters has a regional civilian counterpart, Operation Alliance, run by the Department of Justice.
Operation Alliance processes applications from civilian drug law enforcement agencies (DLEAs) and forwards them to the appropriate regional JTF headquarters.
If a JTF decides an Operation Alliance application meets the established anti-drug criteria, it forwards the request to the Commander in Chief of Forces Command (FORSCOM) at Fort McPherson, Georgia, which usually has final approval authority and assigns military trainers from the appropriate subordinate commands. Trainers also are drawn from other special operations outfits, such as psychological operations, aerial reconnaissance, engineering, intelligence, electronic surveillance units, Navy SEALs or Marine Corps force reconnaissance battalions.
Each JTF regional headquarters keeps a staff of military lawyers constantly reviewing applicable laws, looking for legal loopholes through which military involvement may be expanded.
In addition, each JTF regional headquarters keeps a staff of military lawyers constantly reviewing applicable laws, such as the Posse Comitatus Act, the Economy Act and the Military Cooperation with Civilian Law Enforcement Officials Act of 1981, looking for legal loopholes through which military involvement may be expanded. Continued on Page 7.
British Police Slam Davidian Siege
CAUSE Attends British Inquest
A senior British police official criticized the FBI handling of the Branch Davidian standoff where 79 members of the group perished.
The raid by BATF was "doomed from the start" said Detective Chief Superintendent Albert Yates at a coroner’s inquest held in Manchester, England in January. The inquest was also attended by CAUSE Executive Director Kirk Lyons and Associate Director, Dr. Neill H. Payne.
Superintendent Yates, who had spent many months in the United States investigating the tragedy for the British government, told Manchester Coroner Leonard Gorodkin that BATF never had a hope of successful getting into Mount Carmel and arresting David Koresh. "From the outset, the ATF surveillance on the ranch failed, and their intelligence was almost totally unreliable. There were several good reasons whey they [BATF] should not lay siege to the church. They had little or no experience in long-term sieges... the police intelligence was flawed absolutely and that’s why I have said this operation had no chance of succeeding." said Yates. Continued on Page 6.
5
British Inquest, Continued.
"I was conscious of the fact that, although a number of inquiries were made to establish what had happened, and detailed medical examinations were carried out, there had never been one focal point in the United States where information had been gathered and presented to the public," said Coroner Gorodkin, "More importantly and significantly, it had not been presented to the families of the deceased."
Gorodkin also related that although a coroner’s investigation had been conducted in the United States, the function of a coroner in the United Kingdom was different. In the UK, a coroner acts much like a Justice of the Peace in determining the cause of death.
Inspector Albert Yates, who had conducted an 18 month investigation, was perplexed by the jurisdictional overlap of law enforcement agencies at every level in the Waco incident, from the McLennan County Sheriff to the FBI and U.S. Department of Justice. "In my 18 months in the United States, I couldn’t find a single person who was in charge of the operation or would accept responsibility." said Yates. "I find it absolutely inconceivable that they [BATF] would launch an operation of this magnitude without even a written plan."
Moreover, Yates was highly critical of the Hostage Rescue Team commanded by Richard Rogers of the Weaver tragedy. "The actions of the FBI [HRT] were at cross-purposes with the negotiators," said Yates, "so there wasn’t anyway for those inside to develop any confidence or trust with the negotiating team and this directly contributed to the ultimate tragedy." Yates testified at the inquest. When questioned about the final.FBI HRT assault, Yates said that he couldn’t comment because "this is something ^we couldn’t even contemplate doing in England."
B Yates also investigated the death of Winston Blake, the B>nly Britain to be killed in the February 28,1993, raid. An Btnglish pathologist conducted a second autopsy on Blake ^ (the first was done at the Forth Worth Medical Examiner’s Office) and concluded that Blake had died from a long-l^ange, high-velocity gunshot wound that had penetrated an Bcterior wall before hitting Blake in the head. The official ■S. Treasury report lists Winston Blake as "killed by cult IMnembers" during the raid. "This evidence enforces what ^we have claimed in our lawsuit." said attorney Kirk Lyons, "It directly contravenes the official government version of the raid."
Lyons and Payne attended the British inquest to represent some of CAUSE clients who had been called to give evidence concerning the deaths of their family members. The trip also allowed CAUSE to amass evidence uncovered by British police officials to be used in the civil rights cases. Lyons and Payne were the only Americans (other than the media) to attend the inquest and certainly the only ones involved in the civil prosecutions.
At the end of the inquest, Gorodkin ruled all but one of the deaths as Open Verdict, meaning, based upon the evidence presented, he could not reach a conclusion as to the actual responsibility. Under British law, there are three
possible verdicts concerning deaths: Death by Misadventure where a person dies in a way which is somewhat their fault, such as drag racing or suicide, Homicide, and Open Verdict. It is interesting that, even with the U.S. government’s prodding, the British inquest did not find that the Branch Davidians committed suicide.
In my 18 months in the United States, I couldn’t find a single person who was in charge of the operation or who would accept responsibility. Detective Chief Superintendent Albert Yates.
Attorneys working on the case for CAUSE intend to use much of the evidence garnered from the inquest in the lawsuits against the United States and the individual federal agents. ♦
Gun Dealer Couple Sues Feds
Acquitted Davidian Files Also
Attorneys for CAUSE Foundation have filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of former licensed firearm dealers Henry McMahon and Karen Kilpatrick. McMahon and Kilpatrick had sold numerous assault rifles to David Koresh and the Branch Davidians.
McMahon and Kilpatrick accuse BATF of taking them into a state of de facto protective custody for more than a month, ostensibly to prevent them from talking to the FBI or to the media concerning McMahon’s telephone call to David Koresh during the preliminary investigation. When BATF agents Davy Aguilera and James Skinner came to McMahon’s gun store outside of Hewitt, Texas, McMahon called Koresh and told him about the BATF interest. Koresh invited Aguilera through McMahon to come to Mount Carmel and inspect the weapons; Aguilera declined.
The couple were flown by BATF to Portland, Oregon, where they were hid out from government officials and television crews. They had to report to BATF every day and were told not to work or to call anyone concerning their whereabouts. After a month of this imposed exile and low on personal money, McMahon and Kilpatrick finally revolted against the agents and BATF agreed to return them home. Instead, the couple were hustled aboard a plane for Waco where they received a nine hour interrogation from BATF led by Davy Aguilera.
McMahon and Kilpatrick were drive to the office of the U.S. Attorney where federal authorities and Texas Rangers had set up a task force office to deal with the bloody disaster at Waco. All day long, the pair were told repeatedly that they would be able to talk with the FBI but it never happened. Aside from the grilling by BATF personnel, McMahon and Kilpatrick were also interviewed by several Texas Rangers. Continued on Page 8.
6
Military Planning, Continued.
In the Operational Support Planning Guide for JTF-6, in the edition current at the time of the Waco massacre, the introduction states that JTF-6’s legal staff "continues to address legal issues which currently inhibit our ability to optimize the application of DoD [Department of Defense] capabilities" in civilian law enforcement. Under its concept statement, the JTF-6 planning guide declares its commitment to a “total force approach," adding that "innovative approaches to providing new and more effective support to [law enforcement agencies] are constantly sought, and legal and policy barriers to the application of military capabilities are gradually being eliminated" (emphasis added).
The drug nexus supposedly required for military assistance has been subverted in many cases so that Pentagon help is routinely given to civilian law enforcement operations that have nothing to do with drugs. "The bottom line is that Operation Alliance will lie to the JTF [about a drug nexus].." one JTF-6 officer has stated. "The requesting agency, such as ATF, will tell Operation Alliance there’s a drug angle... just to get what they want. And many times, the JTF doesn’t even care, because there is little or no oversight involved. There’s no independent authority looking over anyone’s shoulder."
Innovative approaches to providing new and more effective support to law enforcement agencies are constantly sought, and legal and policy barriers to the application of military capabilities are gradually being eliminated. JTF-6 Manual.
The order approving military cooperation in the Waco raid labeled the mission a "counter-drug training support mission" and specified that BATF’s "intelligence indicates an active methamphetamine lab and deliveries of the required chemicals to produce synthetic methamphetamine." Another classified message said BATF went so far as to specify to the Army that the Davidians lived "in a compound consisting of one central, three-story building and several outlying buildings. One of the separate buildings [is] suspected of containing a meth lab."
So it seems odd that Aguilera’s rambling, disjointed 19-page "kitchen-sink" affidavit, a sworn search warrant application noteworthy for its length and overbroad listing of second and third-hand allegations, most of which are outside of BATF’s jurisdiction, there was not one single allegation about illegal drug activity at Mount Carmel. Of the approximately 80 bodies autopsied after the fire of 19 April 1993, the calamitous climax of the 51-day disaster, toxicology reports revealed no Branch Davidians had any traces of illegal drugs in their blood.
Can you imagine trying to explain this to Congress or to a jury? You are trying to arrest one man with no criminal convictions in a building that is home to more than 100 other people, the vast majority of them women and children.
If the Army admits that forbidden tactics like Close Quarter Combat were taught, they are in violation of Army policy and direct orders. The governments conspiracy of silence on these issues will be unveiled during discovery proceedings in Ferguson v. Janet Reno and other pending lawsuits filed in Houston. These are questions for which the souls of scores of innocent women and children who died at Waco cry out for truth and justice. As long as there is no truthful answers, domestic peace is in great peril because there can be no peace without justice. James L. Pate, a contributing writer for Soldier of Fortune Magazine, has been instrumental in providing reliable information to the public and Davidian civil suit lawyers. This information has been previously published in an article by Pate in Soldier of Fortune Magazine.+
CAUSE Sues in Police Beating
In the flurry of case filings in the Waco litigation, it should not be forgotten that CAUSE Foundation has other cases not concerned with Waco. Recently, CAUSE filed suit on behalf of Anthony Wayne Strickland in Asheville, North Carolina.
Strickland was parked on a main street in downtown Hendersonville, NC, in broad daylight when he suddenly was accosted by several Hendersonville police officers. One of the officers asked Strickland for his driver’s license which Strickland gave to him even though he was legally parked.
But when Strickland started to get out of the car, the officer slammed the door shut on him and told him to stay inside. Strickland got out anyway and, as several other police vehicles had arrived, was rushed, knocked down, and beaten with batons. Strickland was taken into custody and charged with "resisting arrest."
However, Strickland, who is a cancer patient and who had received a bone marrow transplant, was injured too badly to be taken to jail and was instead taken to the hospital for treatment. There, the arresting police officer refused to remove the handcuffs for the examining doctors or the x-ray procedures.
A probable cause hearing was held a few weeks later and the judge dismissed the charges, saying there was no probable cause to arrest Strickland. "You can’t arrest someone for resisting arrest unless they’ve committed a crime for which an arrest can by lawful made," said CAUSE attorney and Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons, "and, of course, you can’t beat cancer patients with clubs."
Strickland is being represented pro bono by CAUSE in Anthony Wayne Strickland v. City of Hendersonville, in the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina, Asheville Division, Civil Action No. 1:95 CV 52.+
The Beauty of the Second Amendment is that it will not be needed until they try to take it. Thomas Jefferson.
7
Gun Couple, Davidian Sue, Continued.
The Rangers "were interested in what the ATF had done to us," McMahon said. "They didn’t really want to know anything about [Koresh]. They just wanted to know what happened with ATF. They said they were investigating the homicides,’ the deaths on both sides and the conduct of the ATF."
BATF Agents Aguilera and Littleton repeatedly attempted to get Henry McMahon to waive his constitutional rights. "He [Aguilera] told me if I didn’t, they were going to arrest me for conspiracy to commit murder." said McMahon.
McMahon’s grilling continued for hours. Kilpatrick’s interrogation was even more terrifying. Her trips to the bathroom during the ordeal were observed by BATF agents. She was given no food, so she finally asked for a canned soda, unopened, because "What if they put something in my drink? I was scared of ATF at that point."
BATF Agent Dale Littleton accused Kilpatrick of giving David Koresh $30,000 and threatened to arrest her for conspiracy to commit murder of federal agents also. "I told him to get it over with, that I was tired of being screamed at and called a liar, but in that case I wouldn’t talk to him anymore. I told him we ought to talk about how ATF treated us. That really pissed him off."
In the lawsuit, Kilpatrick accuses Littleton, who is 6’2" and 230 pounds, of physically assaulting her. "He turned his baseball hat around backward, spun around and got right in my face, breathing real hard on me." Littleton started yelling at Kilpatrick and when she refused to acknowledge him, Littleton slammed his body against Kilpatrick, knocking her against the wall. "I thought he was going to knock my lights out," said Kilpatrick, "The next tiling I know, some other agents burst into the room behind him, grabbed him by the belt and pulled him out of the room. He had totally lost control."
Despite their illegal detention, neither McMahon or Kilpatrick were charged with any crime. Both were subpoenaed to the federal grand jury in Waco, where they were interviewed by a U.S. staff attorney, but neither were called to testify.
Since then, BATF has stifled any attempt by the couple to find employment in the gun business. Both McMahon and Kilpatrick were told by BATF that they’d never work again selling firearms. McMahon let his federal firearms license expire, afraid to renew it because of BATF harassment. The couple are represented pro bono by CAUSE Foundation in McMahon and Kilpatrick v. Davy Aguilera, et at, in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas, Waco Division, Civil Action No. W-95-CA-087.
In another civil rights lawsuit, CAUSE has sued on behalf of acquitted Branch Davidian defendant Norman Washington Allison. Allison, a native of Great Britain, was working with fellow Davidians Mike Schroeder and Woodrow Kendrick at the Mag Bag, a facility for refurbishing automobiles located about two miles from Mount Carmel.
Allison, Schroeder and Kendrick learned of the raid by BATF at Mount Carmel when they heard the helicopters and gunfire. Schroeder and Kendrick, who had family
inside Mount Carmel, decided to go find out what had happened and asked Allison to go with them.
The trio started out across the sparsely-vegetated plain separating the church from the Mag Bag. As they neared the back side of Mount Carmel, Allison, Kendrick, and Schroeder were ambushed with a hail of gunfire from BATF agents concealed in the undergrowth. Schroeder, who was some distance out in front of Allison and Kendrick, was killed when hit in the back by machinegun fire. Allison dropped to the ground and Kendrick fled to surrender some days later.
Allison stayed down for about an hour when a BATF patrol blundered into him. Agents, including Waco planner Darrell Dyer, ordered Allison to get up but he was too scared. "I was sure they were going to kill me after what they did to Mike Schroeder." The agents closed in and held automatic weapons to his head while they arrested him. Allison had a .22 pistol zipped into his back pocket.
After his arrest, Allison was taken to the McLennan County Jail where federal agents conducted tests to see if Allison had fired any weapons at them. The tests concluded that Allison had not fired at BATF as the arresting agents had claimed. In spite of this evidence, Allison was charged with violations of 18 U.S.C. §§ 2, Aiding and Abetting; 111 (a), Murder; 1114 Attempting to Kill a Federal Officer; and 924 (c) (1), Use or Carrying a Firearm During the Commission of a Violent Crime.
Normally, the decision to prosecute a defendant by a federal prosecutor or the indictment by a grand jury would shield the arresting agents from civil liability for false arrest and malicious prosecution. However, because the agents withheld the crucial evidence concerning the scientific tests, and their false, misleading, and perjured testimony, they are liable for Allison’s imprisonment and trial.
After being held without bail for nearly one year, Allison was brought to trial in San Antonio along with the other surviving Branch Davidians, but was acquitted of all charges, as was his fellow defendant, Woodrow Kendrick. The final member of the ill-fated trio, Mike Schroeder, was of course tried and summarily executed when Waco defendant Darrell Dyer shot him in the back.
CAUSE Foundation also represents Norman Allison pro bono in Norman Washington Allison v. Charles Meyer, etal, in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas, Waco Division, Civil Action No. W-95-CA-073.+
Copies of The Balance are free upon request. A year’s subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 foreign.
All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance, P. O. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711.
Mahem in Montana
Government Crackdown on "Radical" Militias
Making good on their promise to crack down on "radical" militias in the United States, Janet Reno, the U.S. Department of Justice, FBI, BATF, and state agencies in Montana and elsewhere are on the warpath.
BATF Intelligence Division singled out the Militia of Montana in its October, 1994, briefing paper issued to all law enforcement agencies in the United States. "A catalyst of the movement was the formation of the Militia of Montana (MOM)... organized after the standoff with Randy Weaver in Bonner’s Ferry, Idaho." the report cites. "The Branch Davidian siege in Waco also fueled the spread of the movement. The Militia of Montana is a highly-organized group that promotes and supports the formation of county militias in Montana, as well as nationally." the report continues.
True to their word, federal and state authorities have begun a series of arrests in Montana. Seven men were arrested in Billings, Montana on suspicion of intending to kidnap and possibly hang a judge or other public officials.
Among them was John Trochman of Noxon, Montana, the 51-year-old co-founder of the militia who was specifically mentioned in the BATF briefing paper. Trochman and his compatriots were charged with felony intimidation, criminal syndicalism (organized crime) and carrying concealed weapons.
"I believe they were here to capture of kill us." County Attorney John Borman before he left to buy a shotgun for personal protection. The case is being treated as though the suspects were high-risk terrorists. "I do believe they were here to on a mission," said Musselshell County Sheriff G. Paul Smith, "that they [MOM] may be trying to kidnap a judge or some of the others of us. The information came from the FBI, Smith said.
Trochman and the others were arrested outside the County Courthouse because they were acting suspiciously after one of their members wanted to file some legal documents consistent with the group’s view of constitutional rights. The man was stopped outside the courthouse after he left and a search of his vehicle yielded a handgun and $80,000.00 in cash.
When Trochman and other MOM members went to the Courthouse to retrieve the weapons, they were arrested on "suspicion." Seized in the arrest was a pile of $3 bills with President Clinton’s picture on them (queer as a three-dollar bill). Although clearly bogus, the bills are being examined by the U.S. Secret Service for possible counterfeiting violations.
In Darby, Montana, a militia member is under siege because he refuses to surrender on a tax evasion warrant. His house is routinely overflown with AH-64 Apache helicopter gunships. The man’s homestead is defended by about 20 militia members.
There are 25,000 to 50,000 estimated militia members or sympathizers in Montana, and 5,000 to 10,000 in Eastern Washington and Northern Idaho.
Swarm of Ants
There is a Japanese parable that says the vilest Serpent may be overcome by a swarm of Ants. This parable was made famous by Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto, the planner of Pearl Harbor, when describing how carrier aviation could overcome the strongest battleship surface fleet. Yamamoto was to be proven right at Pearl Harbor and later, even in defeat, when American carrier aircraft swept the numerically superior Imperial Navy from the seas.
Here at CAUSE, we are engaged with a foe who is numerically superior and who possesses nearly unlimited resources. But this foe is slow, ponderous, and sometimes dull-witted. He is also vicious and tenacious but blind and reckless at times. He is the United States government.
What we do not want to be is like the Confederate army which won almost every engagement but still lost the war because of inferior logistics. Our strategic retreat in Gyarfas v. United States was a small setback but it is the sign of a greater malady, the lack of commitment and concern by those who have the resources to provide us with the logistics to win.
It is inconceivable that the National Rifle Association, which takes in millions and offices in an $18-million Taj Mahal, would, bowing to membership pressure, vote a paltry $50,000.00 to support the largest Second Amendment case in American history, and then hold it back, not once, but twice!
This also shows just how every contribution sent CAUSE by our supporters is vitally important. When the U.S. Congress and groups like the NRA, the ones who are elected and who take money to safeguard our rights fail to act, then it is left to groups like CAUSE to carry on the cause of freedom.
We had won every major legal battle with the government in the litigation thus far, but had to consolidate to prevent getting an adverse decision because of lack of discovery. The holding back of that $50,000 really hurt.
We, which means both CAUSE and its supporters, can win the Waco litigation if we put in every thing we have. The government is like a big, ponderous, venomous serpent but it can be overcome by our supporters who, like ants, swarm to the call with their donations.
We are in serious financial trouble. Every nickel has been spent and it has been necessary to retain more staff to keep up the government’s legal trickery. Moreover, we are coming into that time of year when everyone seems to be thinking of summer vacation and donations drop off to yearly lows. We can ill afford another summer like last one.
Please, won't you send us the most generous donation you can to support our continued struggle against the continued villainy foisted upon us by Washington. It is only through your donations that we keep the enemies of freedom at bay.
The NRA didn’t have the courtesy even to respond to our letters but we are confident that you will to our plea and thank you in advance for your continued support. ♦
9