November 1992	Published	by	CAUSE	FOUNDATION	0.	M.	A.	Hollaway,	Editor	Vol. 3 No. 3
LICENSED TO KILL!
Federal Hit Squads Execute Two
NAPLES, ID- Nothing in the 44 years of Vicki Weavers life could prepare her for the fact that she had less then 30 seconds to live. A .308 caliber match slug from an FBI Hostage Rescue Team (HRT) sniper took the life of this loving wife and mother of four. Vicki was the second to die in what is now being called the Massacre at Ruby Creek. Samuel Weaver, 14, was killed the day before by camouflaged US Deputy Marshals on a "reconnaissance patrol" on the Weaver property. These senseless acts give a macabre and chilling twist to the HRT motto "Women and Children First!"
The Weaver family troubles began in 1985 when Randy Weaver, a former Special Forces soldier, was approached by the FBI to become a paid informant against various members and churches of the Christian Identity faith. Weaver refused and filed affidavits alleging that the government might try to kill him for the refusal. Instead, FBI sent in another paid informant in October of 1989 who then persuaded Randy Weaver to sell two shotguns which were allegedly unregistered firearms.
In January of 1991, Randy Weaver was indicted for Federal Firearms violations in connection with the shotguns. He was arrested and released on a $10,000.00 bond, securing it with his families’ homestead at Ruby Creek. Again, the federal agents asked Randy to spy on the Church of Jesus Christ Christian-Aryan Nations in exchange for dropping the charges against him.
After consulting with his family, Randy and Vicki decided not to participate in the federal entrapment and did not appear at his February 19, 1991 hearing. 'All they have against us are government paid informants who will get on the stand and say anything they want... I feel I have no choice but to stay here if I want my family to stay together.
For 18 months thereafter, the Weaver family was content to live in isolation in their mountain cabin. Meanwhile, federal marshals set up over $100,000.00 in remote control
surveillance equipment on the Weaver property, including microwave transmitting, solar powered observation cameras. However, on August 21, 1992, the Weaver case came to dramatic and bloody head.
Early that Friday morning, the Weaver family heard then-dogs barking out in front of the cabin. Samuel’s favorite dog, Striker, took out in the lead after something moving in the underbrush down the slope. Randy, Samuel, and friend Kevin Harris started out after the dogs. "I thought it was a deer or something," said Randy Weaver in an interview with Editor D. M. A. Hollaway from the Ada County Jail in Boise. The Weaver family and Kevin existed mainly by subsistence farming and often shot game to supplement the table. Continued on page 2 .
MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY
David Irving Held in Limbo
NIAGARA FALLS, CANADA- Internationally-known British historian David Irving was held in limbo between the United States, Canada, and Great Britain for eight days while CAUSE attorney Kirk Lyons and renowned Canadian barrister Douglas Christie fought over Irving’s body with the governments of two countries.
Irving appeared as a guest speaker at the annual Institute for Historical Review conference in Irvine, CA. While at the conference, Mr. Irving received a letter from the Canadian Consulate General in Los Angeles stating that the Canadian Department of Employment and Immigration advised that they believed Irving inadmissible to Canada because:
No person shall be granted admission ... who have been convicted of an offence that... if committed outside CanadOy would constitute an offence that may be punishable [by]., a maximum term of less than ten years. Section 19 (2) (a), Canadian Immigration Act.
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
That letter had absolutely no force of law." said Christie.-The Canadian government was attempting to ban Irving on his in absentia conviction in Germany for the ubiquitous "Bclcidigung der Toten," or "insulting the dead."
"First of all, Irving’s conviction wouldn’t be legal in Canada and, moreover, the penalty isn’t anywhere close to that required by the statute of exclusion from entry." said Doug Christie.
David Irving went to Canada anyway on the advice of Christie, Canadian barrister for Ernst Ziindel. Irving had planned a ten day speaking tour across Canada but was arrested by the Canadian authorities while speaking to the Canadian Free Speech League at a Chinese restaurant in British Columbia; Irving had just been awarded the "George Orwell Award" on behalf of the League.
After his arrest, the Canadian government changed tactics and decided that Irving had "misrepresented the purpose and duration of his stay." Rather than fight it out with the Crown, Irving agreed to leave Canada within 48 hours. "I had some important work to do at the US National Archives and didn’t want to be tied down for weeks fighting them." said Irving.
David Irving attempted to cross the border on November 1, at Rainbow Bridge, NY but was refused entry by the US Immigration and Naturalization service, allegedly because he "didn’t have the proper visa." Irving possesses a valid H-l visa which allows him multiple entries into the US and to conduct his businesses here. David Irving was re-arrested when he had to recross the border into Canada.
An emergency call at 2:00 a.m. set CAUSE in action. Immediate calls to Canadian and US Immigration fleshed out the facts and an Application for Injunction against the INS was prepared. A local attorney in Western New York was contacted to act as local counsel and CAUSE girded for battle with the INS. Irate calls to Washington triggered an INS investigation into the case. Events in Canada, however, quickly moved the battle across the border.
Now, after his re-arrest, Irving faces deportation which could result in his being banned from Canada permanently. Moreover, such deportation could have serious consequences on his admission to the United States or any other Western country. "This is the new tactic against free speech on an international scale with the governments of several ‘democratic’ countries operating in concert with each other" says Kirk Lyons of CAUSE.
The British Government was approached to have me thrown out and permanently banned from Britain while speaking on lecture tour. Gottfried Kiissel is still in jail because of statements made to Ted Koppel on ABCs Nightline, Fred Leuchter’s kicked out of Britain, and now Austria has arrested Pedro Varela of the Spanish CEDADE for a speech made over a year ago. The threat to free speech and association is
international in scope, and foreign governments cooperate on a scale never imagined by Stalin and the KGB." Kirk Lyons.
CAUSE has been instrumental in tracking down witnesses in the US to aid Irving’s deportation hearing.
At the time The Balance goes to press, CAUSE is still locked in the struggle for Irving and the rights of American citizens to hear and decide for themselves what is a historical truth. The outcome of this fight will determine whether David Irving ever gets another chance to address an IHR conference or research in the National Archives. Once the case in Canada is decided, CAUSE will move ahead with its District Court action against the INS.
WEAVER, Con*t.
Young Sam and Kevin soon outdistanced Randy. The dog, Striker, soon brought the quarry to bay and as Sam and Kevin burst into the clearing, a shot rang out from on of the US Deputy Marshals, killing Striker. The Marshals claim that they were on the Weaver property conducting a "reconnaissance patrol." The federal agents were completely decked out in camouflage, face paint, and camouflage weapons.
Sam saw his prize pet dog killed in front of him, and becoming enraged, opened fire in the general direction of the camouflaged men. No one was hit. "I heard the gunfire but couldn’t see where they were, so I started yelling like crazy for Sam and Kevin to get out of there." Randy said.
Suddenly, a man dressed in the best camouflage job I’ve ever seen jumped out of the bushes and yelled at me to stop. I turned around and started running back toward the cabin, yelling for Sam and Kevin to come on. I heard Sam call out Tm coming dad..." and those are the last words he ever said. Randy Weaver.
As Sam and Kevin split up and retreated for the cabin, US Deputy Marshal William F. Degan exposed himself and fired a shot, striking Sam in the right elbow. Sam went down then jumped to his feet running for his life. Degan took careful aim and fired again, the bullet hitting Sam in the back just above the left hip, tumbling through his chest and exiting out his right nipple. He was dead instantly at the age of 14.
Kevin Harris saw Marshal Degan shoot his young friend in the back and fired off a few rounds in Degan’s direction. Degan was struck in the neck just above his ballistic vest, killing him. Degan was the leader of the East Coast based "Special Operations Group" (SOG) of the US Marshals Service.
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
I heard more shooting, and I hollered for Sam again. I had a double-barrel shotgun that I use for deer with me and fired it up in the air, trying to attract the attention of the men who were shooting at my son. I was shaking so bad that I dropped a shell ewer the extractor and jammed the shotgun so that I couldn't fire it again. Randy Weaver.
Randy made it back to the cabin and joined his wife and 16-year old daughter, Sara on the porch. Soon Kevin Harris was seen coming out of the brush. "Where’s Sam?!!, Where’s Sam?!! cried the Weavers. "He’s dead!" was all Kevin could choke out as tears streamed down their faces.
Randy and Kevin took Vicki and Sara into the house. Most of that night was spent waiting for the inevitable parade of police cars, sirens, flashing lights, and bull-horns announcing that they ere surrounded and to come out. Amazingly, nothing happened. Later that night, Randy and Kevin, under cover of darkness, went down to the scene of the shooting and there lay the body of young Sam twisted in the cold embrace of death. Sam was borne by his father back to the cabin where his body was washed and wrapped in a clean sheet. Afterwards, Sam was taken outside and placed in a shed about 50 feet in front of the cabin.
Most of the next day, Saturday, was spent waiting for the police; perplexed, no one had shown up although the shooting was over 24 hours old. The Weavers heard their dogs barking again and Randy, Kevin, and Sara went outside to investigate. Seeing nothing, Randy decided to visit the body of his son one last time to pray. Heading for the shed and followed by Sara and Kevin, Randy begin to unlatch the door. Lifting his arm to undo the latch, a shot rang out from nowhere and a bullet struck his arm, exiting out his armpit.
As Randy fell to the ground, Sara grabbed his collar and, helped by Kevin, ran for their lives to the cabin. "If my dad hadn’t lifted his arm to open the door, they would have shot him in the head and killed him." Sara Weaver reported to Dave Hollaway in a telephone interview.
Vicki Weaver had been nursing 10-month old Elishibea when she heard the shot. Running to the door, she opened it to let her family in. As Randy, Kevin, and Sara reached Vicki at the open door, FBI Special Agent Lon T. Horiuchi of the Hostage Rescue Team, fired a fatal shot that struck Vicki in the right eye, traveling though her head, Kevin’s arm, and entered Kevin’s chest. They all fell in a clump in the doorway. Little Elishibea fell with her dead mother and all watched in horror as Vicki’s heart pumped her body dry of blood through the catastrophic head wound.
Within twenty-four hours the federal agents had managed to kill a 14 year-old boy and a nursing mother over a misdemeanor weapons charge.
The siege lasted for eleven days. A bridge over a creek had to be reinforced to hold the armored vehicles and personnel carriers rushed to the scene. Helicopters, moving vans full of equipment, and hundreds of federal agents
descended on Ruby Creek. Idaho National Guard troops were sent to support the feds after Governor Cecil Andrus declared a "state of emergency." Five skinheads were arrested by ATF agents bring armed aid to the Weaver family.
Radio personality Paul Harvey broadcast an appeal for Randy Weaver to surrender:
I wonder with all the crass criminals we have running around in this country, this focus on you certainly constitutes grotesque overkill and frankly, from an objective distance, it looks pretty silly.
LTC James (Bo) Gritz, a retired Special Forces officer, went to Ruby Creek and offered his services to the FBI to help negotiate the surrender of Weaver and Harris. At first, Special Agent-in-Charge Gene Glen refused, but then accepted after the siege dragged on without any contact with Randy.
A remote control robot was sent to the Weaver cabin and parked about 25 feet from the front door. FBI agents then attempted to lure Weaver outside to talk to them on the phone. "After they killed my son and then shot me and killed my wife without warning, there wasn’t any way I was exposing myself or my family so that they could kill us." said Randy. The robot was later found to armed with a destructor device similar to a shotgun, but was "unloaded" according to federal spokesmen.
On August 31st, after negotiating with LTC Gritz, Kevin Harris agreed to surrender because he was in danger of dying from his chest wound. Randy still refused to surrender himself or any of his remaining family to the government, Sara, 16; Rachel, 10; or Elishibea, 10-months.
It all came down to Sara. Huddled on the floor with her wounded dad, her dead mother’s body on the kitchen floor, armed with her dead brother’s Mini-14 and a bible, she didn’t believe that the government would keep any of its promises waited for the final assault that she knew would kill them all. Finally, after receiving promises of representation from noted Wyoming attorney Gerry Spence, Randy decided to give up to save his family. It was over.
Continued on page 4.
THE BALANCE is a newsletter published by CAUSE FOUNDATION, a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international human-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editorial and submission inquiries should be sent to Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711. Not Responsible for unsolicited materials.
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
CAUSE Foundation became interested in the Weaver case over two years ago at its outset. When we received ' information concerning the original indictment, Attorney Kirk Lyons contacted Coeur d’ Alene lawyer Everett Hofmeister who was then representing Randy Weaver in connection with the firearms charges. Lyons and Hollaway offered to fly to Idaho with former Sedition Trial defendant Louis Beam and talk to Randy concerning his situation. Hofmeister opined that he had been in contact with the local marshals and they didn’t think it was worth going up there for a confrontation, especially with the children.
When the news of the Weaver siege reached CAUSE, Hofmeister was again contacted with respect to CAUSE filing an application in the US District Court seeking an injunction against the federal agents to prevent them from killing the rest of the Weaver family. As the injunction was rushed through for filing, the siege came to an end. The next few weeks were spent with CAUSE personnel developing the fact statement and working with Weaver relatives concerning the placement of the surviving children.
The main thing to do now is to see Randy through his criminal trial which is scheduled for February 2nd." said Charles H. (Chuck) Peterson, Weaver’s attorney in Boise, ID. CAUSE is assisting Randy Weaver with intelligence information and gathering evidence to be used in conjunction with his defense. Moreover, a civil action against the federal law enforcement authorities for constitutional violations and wrongful death will be filed after the criminal trial.
Much has been made of the statement that the shotgun that Randy Weaver allegedly sold to the undercover informant was only V< inch short of legal. However, the original and subsequent indictments charge that the shotgun barrels were 13 and 123/4 inches, respectively. "This quarter-inch rumor is not helping Randy Weaver," said Peterson. The prospective jurors in this case are bound to hear about it and come into the courtroom expecting the government’s case to be really bad, and then their going to find out that Randy wasn’t indicted for a shotgun one-quarter inch short, and that’s going to hurt us."
CAUSE has prepared a comprehensive lawsuit known as a "Bivens Action" against Special Agents Gene Glen, Lon T. Horiuchi, and other Unknown Agents of the US Marshals Service, ATF, and FBI. Suits against federal agents for negligence or egregious conduct may be prosecuted either against the agents personally for a constitutional tort theory set forth in Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents, 403 US 388 (1971) or by suit against the United States under the Federal Tort Claims Act, 28 USC §§1346(b), 2671 et seq. The suit has been sent to attorney Chuck Peterson who will be counsel-in-chief in the civil action against the federal agents.
A Bivens action will allow us to go after the agents that killed Vicki personally. Our objective is to hit them so hard that the government will think twice before it opens
fire on "women and children first." Kirk
’ Lyons.
Attorneys Spence and Peterson put up such a good defense at Randy Weaver’s detention hearing that the government convened a Grand Jury and issued an indictment with respect to charges stemming from the standoff. The 16 page document charges Randy and Vicki Weaver, Kevin Harris, and other members of the Weaver family, (meaning Sara, Rachel, and infant Elishibea) killed Marshall Degan, conspired to cause a violent confrontation with law enforcement authorities, conspired to purchase a remote mountaintop residence, intimidated neighbors and law enforcement officers, had conversations (?!), and all other manner of conspiracies dating back to 1982!
"It’s probably the first time in the history of the United States that a 10-month old has been indicted," says Weaver attorney Gerry Spence. The only thing not included in the indictment is the kitchen sink." quipped Peterson. Assistant US Attorney Ron Howen, stung by public statements made by Weaver attorneys concerning the ludicrous indictment, filed motions for sanctions against Spence and Peterson for violating local court rules concerning out-of-court statements by attorneys. Spence is most famous for successfully defending Imelda Marcos, wife of deposed Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos, on federal conspiracy charges. The scary thing about this indictment is that 24 adults with the presumed intelligence to vote signed their name to such a thing." opined Kirk Lyons of CAUSE.
Howen is a familiar figure in White Separatist and Christian Identity prosecutions. He was chief prosecutor in both the Order and Order II trials, as well as the infamous Rico Valentino informant trial against Stephen Nelson and other members of the Church of Jesus Christ Christian-Aryan Nations in Hayden Lake, ID.
Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons flew to Spokane, WA then traveled to Ruby Creek to personally investigate the scene of destruction. The Feds even took the entire shed where Sam’s body lay and had the bullet the wounded Randy as evidence; the entire shed!" said Kirk after his trip.
It was pretty gruesome: There was a pile of bloody bandages and some of Vicki's hair left in a pile. There also was a federal search warrant left on the table; the place had already been ransacked. Kirk Lyons.
Later, a meeting of the United Citizens for Justice was held in Sandpoint, ID. Lyons was also investigating other civil rights violations in the area, including two physical assaults on citizens by ATF agents during the protest of the government siege. One assault consisted of ATF agents attacking a young man and his girlfriend holding a baby in front of a local supermarket. There are many witnesses to this assault, including the market personnel."
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
These government agents have a real thing for attacking women and children. Kirk Lyons.
On October 22, Lyons flew to Denver, CO for a meeting with Christian leaders from around the country, hosted by Rev. Pete Peters of Scriptures for America . The group included representatives from the Methodist, Baptist, Church of Chirst, non-denominational Christian churches, as well as Christian Identity. The group resolved to stand by the survivors of the Weaver family during their time of tried and tribulation and to support the effort to secure justice for Randy Weaver, the children, and Kevin Harris.
CAUSE Foundation is currently raising funds to pay for mammoth discovery and other legal costs in connection with the prosecution of the federal agents responsible for the deaths of Vicki and Samuel Weaver and the siege at Ruby Creek. A video tape of entitled Massacre at Ruby Creek showing scenes from the siege and its aftermath are available from CAUSE for a $50.00 donation which will be used on behalf of the Weavers and Harris.
VICTORY IN RAY SUPREME COURT CASE
Controversial "Hate-Law" Struck Down
CAUSE Foundation emerged victorious in the fight for free speech with the decision of the US Supreme Court concerning the case of RA.V v. St. Paul. CAUSE states that it is its firm belief that any individual, whatever his or her political belief or affiliation, religious background and/or racial or ethnic background, should be prosecuted and punished in accord with fundamental principles of due process if that person commits what has traditionally been considered to be a crime against the person or property.
CAUSE objected to the statute enacted by the City of St. Paul because punishing a person under so-called "hate laws" is inextricably bound up with punishing that person for his social, political, or racial beliefs. Therefore the US Supreme Court acted justly in proscribing such overbroad and unconstitutional statutes such as the one in this case. It is well established by law that the First Amendment prevents the government from prohibiting the expression of an idea simply because society finds that idea offensive or disagreeable.
An Amicus Curiae, or "Friend of the Court" brief was filed by CAUSE on behalf of the defendant RA.V. in this case. Two other organizations, including the ACLU, also filed Amicus Curiae on behalf of the defendant. However, most of the Amicus Curiae filed by the US Justice Department, the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith (ADL), and others supported the St. Paul anti-hate statute.
In a related case, CAUSE Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons recently testified in a Los Angeles County Superior Court concerning White Aryan Resistance (WAR) leader Tom Metzger. Metzger was charged and convicted of Unlawful Assembly when he attended a 1982 cross-lighting
on private property. Metzger’s case in on appeal and will most likely be overturned in light of the Supreme Court’s ruling.
CAUSE Foundation continues to be concerned about the enactment of "thought crime" statutes that either punish or enhance regular criminal penalties because of the alleged thought or mens rea motivations of the person accused. While the government strives to make George Orwell’s nightmare come true with a proposed Federal Hate Crime Statute, CAUSE stands ready to oppose attempts to limit the freedoms of the American people.
METZGER UPDATE
Fallbrook, CA- Tom Metzger’s appeal hearing won’t be heard before the 1st of January, but the embattled leader of White Aryan Resistance (WAR) remains confident. "I always go into these things with an attitude of ‘we’ll see,’" Metzger said in a recent interview with The Balance, "it’s just another obstacle to overcome."
Nothing’s changed by the Portland verdict.
I always turn everything into a positive; why not? My paper, WAR, is being published every two months, and it’s not toned down any; it may become more intellectually radical, however. Tom Metzger.
The appeal is slated for oral arguments and Metzger intends to be there with Chicago attorney Michael Null when the case is heard directly by the Oregon Supreme Court. Metzger has offered a $10,000 reward to anyone who can provide information which will lead to a criminal indictment of Morris Dees. "No takers yet, but I understand that there are on-going investigations into the $38-million trust fund of Dees’ known as the Southern Trust." There are also others probing the Southern Poverty Law Center’s tax records, according to Metzger.
WAR is producing more Race and Reason video tapes for public access television channels, new programs of books on audio tape in French, German, and English.
"We’re doing our normal media programs" said Metzger of his recent appearance on Whoopie Goldbeig’s show. "It was one on one without the usual stacked audience of screamers."
The ADL (Anti-defamation League of B’nai B’rith) was upset:	a	whole half-hour of
television on race and the Jews weren’t mentioned once. Tom Metzger.
Copies of The Balance are free upon request.
A year's subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 Foreign.
All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance,
P. 0. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711.
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
METZGER, Coni.
The Los Angeles Times quoted Goldbeig as saying: "I had this professional racist on my show and expected a raving maniac, but actually he (Metzger) was like your uncle (Tom?) from Peoria."
No date has been set by the California Supreme Court to hear Metzger’s appeal in the 1982 cross-lighting case in Los Angeles.
I think we’ll win, but its a moot point. I did 46 days in jail and have just about completed my community service in a co-op warehouse where agencies give out things to the poor. Last Thursday I helped build a thrift store for children’s clothing.
Metzger said he works at the co-op with mostly whites and hispanics but no blacks. "There was one rather large black who came into the co-op with rastafarian hair looking for me. I thought, well, here we go. He came up to me and said, ‘I like you Metzger, I want to shake your hand.’ As usual, it’s turned out to be a defeat for the other side."
Tom Metzger’s name recently surfaced in a hate-crime investigation by the FBI and LA County Sheriffs Office. Metzger’s landlord went to his neighbor, who is Puerto Rican, and told him that Metzger was a racist-terrorist and would try to do him harm. "The neighbor came to me and I told him to go the authorities, which he did." When the FBI and Sheriff heard the name Metzger and hate-crime in the same sentence, they became all excited; but when they learned it was Metzger on whom the hate-crime was perpetrated, they weren’t interested. Metzger has since been evicted from his house.
"We don’t promote violence" said Metzger, "although two of my friends have cold-cocked Geraldo (Rivera), you’d think he’d get the message by now. We have much more important jobs to do than fighting scum in the street."
Recently, Metzger infiltrated a seminar put on by the University of California at San Diego Cultural Arts Division entitled The Disease and Anatomy of Hate. The featured speaker was Judith Berg, ex-wife of the late Denver radio talk-show host, Alan Berg who was allegedly machine-gunned by members of the Order. "I have a video tape of over two hours of rambling diatribe on racism. This woman hated Berg and divorced him; but now she makes a living off of his corpse and tells everyone he’s a genius." During the presentation, Judith Beig held up Klanwatch publications
from the Southern Poverty Law Center and proclaimed them Ku Klux Klan "hate-literature." "It was pathetic", said Metzger, "she didn’t have any idea what she was saying, but the tapes are entertaining."
BRIEF NOTES:
IRVINE, CA- Kirk Lyons spoke at the 11th Annual Institute for Historical Review Conference concerning free speech and the necessity of supporting Fred Leuchter. "We can’t allow a man who has stood up for historical and scientific truth to be left to the mercies of the enemies of free speech."
TORONTO, CANADA- Ernst Ziindel’s conviction for "publishing false news" has been overturned and the controversial law held unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of Canada. Special interest groups in Canada have decried the decision and now pressure the Attorney General of Canada to indict Zundel for "hate-crimes." Zimdel published a book entitled "Did Six-Million Really Die?"
LONDON, UK- CAUSE Directors Kirk Lyons, Sam Dickson, and Dave Hollaway attended a lecture tour in the United Kingdom this July, including England and Scotland. A gathering in London attended by British author David Irving was also protested by an amalgam of liberal, homosexual, and communist agitators who shouted and threw bricks and bottles. "The thick red tide was held back by the thin blue line." quipped Dave Hollaway, "ably assisted inside by the ‘Yorkshire Light Infantry’ of the British National Party." Escape through the radical, cudgel-wielding mob was facilitated by the London Constabulary in riot-vans and a platoon of BNP stewards arrayed for battle like a Macedonian Phalanx. Lyons went on to a ten-city speaking tour in Germany.
ESTATE PLANNING:	Please	contact	CAUSE
Foundation if you are interested in continuing our work as part of your estate. Many oiganizations such as the NRA and Liberty Lobby make use of Estate Planning for their financial support; contact us for details.
VIDEOS AVAILABLE:	The	following	videos	are
available from CAUSE Foundation: Ruby Creek Massacre-$50.00 donation; CAUSE on Race and Reason- $25.00 donation; CAUSE in Britian w/David Irving- $25.00; CAUSE at BNP in Scotland and England- $25.00 donation; CAUSE in Germany for Leutcher- Soon to be available, $25.00 donation.
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
FORTUNES FOR WAR
Never in the history of armed conflict was there a soldier who fought more bravely, tenaciously, or with more vigor and spirit than that of the Japanese soldier during the campaign in the Pacific, 1941-45. Fanatically, he held on to each inch of ground and often had to be wiped out to a man. 60,000 defenders perished on the island of Saipan and the last defender of Iwo Jima was rooted out in 1954. Yet for all his fanaticism, his faith and devotion to his cause, his valor and spirit, he did not win. The Japanese government could not provide its fighting front with the proper logistics.
In warfare, there exists a hard and fast formula which every military officer knows and which can be used to analyze any battle or campaign: O^MEC. At CAUSE Foundation, we are locked in a struggle to preserve our freedoms. The ancient Chinese warlord Sun Tzu said: "To win one-hundred victories in one-hundred battles is not the acme of skill; the supreme excellence of warfare is to defeat the enemy without fighting."
Before tackling any case, we must first analyze the strategic Objective; "What is the point of fighting and winning this case?" "How will it help secure freedom for the most people?" "Will it be worth the cost in time, manpower and the money." These are the strategic factors we must consider before engaging in legal warfare with the enemy.
Next is the principle of the Offensive. It is often quoted that the best defense is a strong offense and there is great truth in this statement. To be victorious, a combatant must be aggressive in his pursuit of victory. Many opportunities, such as the Weaver case, are presenting themselves so that we are able to go over to the offensive. Defending is never the path to victory.
Superiority at Point of Contact means to concentrate all your effective force for a decisive blow when the conditions are favorable. It is dangerous to divide one’s strength in the face of a powerful enemy, no matter how lumbering and clumsy in his execution of that power. Therefore, one must pick one’s case carefully, then strike the enemy hard with everything available. This must be the strategy employed to exploit the government’s debacle at Ruby Creek.
Napoleon said that a commander can be forgiven for a defeat but never for being surprised. To Surprise your enemy, it is not sufficient to merely place yourself in his position; you must formulate your plan according to his capabilities, not his intentions. Effective intelligence and prior investigation, such as in Fred Leuchter’s case, is a mandatory prerequisite before formulating a strategy.
Security goes hand in hand with surprise. We are often unable to communicate our complete operations to our supporters for fear of giving over the element of surprise.
Sometimes, the most complicated-looking case is the most simple in terms of legal issues, like RAV v. St. Paul\ and the most simple case can turn into a quagmire, draining time and resources sorely needed on other fronts. Therefore, legal cases must be selected with the utmost Simplicity in mind. One concrete legal issue which can be won is preferable to a multifaceted legal argument grounded in obtuse law.
While our opponents outweigh us in resources, we must capitalize on our strengths and minimize our weaknesses. Our greatest strength is in our Mobility; our capability to be everywhere on short notice. When David Irving called, we were ready to move at a moments notice. While Washington slept, we burned the midnight oil to formulate our legal plan of attack.
Obviously, however, we cannot take every case, no matter how meritorious, because of our finite resources. Moreover, we cannot put our entire weight into each case until the timing is right for a decisive blow; The governing principle must be Economy of Force. This correlates with Superiority at Point of Contact; having enough resources to do the job thoroughly, but never to waste or use too much.
Lastly, is the principle of Cooperation, or Unity of Command. We must work with everyone who wishes to safeguard our lives and freedoms. We cannot take partisan positions and must be available to everyone without exception. Moreover, we try to promote harmony and cooperation instead of internecine bickering which has kept us divided.
These are the sound principles with which we govern the operations of legal warfare against the enemies of liberty and justice. But, for all our courage, tenacity, and sacrifice, we cannot win if we do not receive the logistical support to carry out our operations. If there is no money for airfare, then we will not be at David Irving’s side to thwart the INS’ attempts to outlaw his attendance at the next IHR conference. We desperately need money to pin down the assassins of Vicki and Samuel Weaver before our lumbering and powerful opponent wakes up and transfers them all to Botswana.
You, our faithful supporters, are our logistical lifeline. Without your continuing support, all our planning, strategy, and efforts are for nothing. It may take a while for us to be "rooted out," but we cannot win without you.
The Weaver family stood up for their rights and paid the supreme sacrifice for that privilege: all we’re asking you for is a donation. Don’t let their sacrifice be in vain. Please send your donation to CAUSE today.
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
svxai ‘THivraa
6S8 on±IWI3<I
aivd
39V.LSO<l s n 7i.lv>i >nnn
990LL XI ‘uojsnoH L6P6 ^!nS “PAI9 TO ls°d 1011
3SHV3 0/3 33NV9V83H1
CAUSE Executive Director Kirk
D. Lyons with Wife, Brenna, and
Sons Nathanael (2), and William (6 mos.)