ON THE WARPATH IN WACO!
SUIT FILED IN GOVERNMENT MASSACRE OF WOMEN AND CHILDREN
WACO, TX- This week CAUSE filed the first of numerous lawsuits under the Federal Civil Rights Act, on behalf of Oliver Gyarfas, Sr. and Elizabeth Gyarfas. Aisha Gyarfas Summers, 18, and Startle Summers, one year old, were killed in the blaze which swept the church on April 19, 1993. Oliver Gyarfas, Jr., brother of Aisha, left
4-Vc,	o XU... rl-T-jc-	xt-	„	 J _ rr
uie Ciiuidi a icw ud)3 allQi msj didiiUOii ucgafi and was one of the first Davidians to come out after the abortive BATF raid. All are from Australia and have returned to live there.
In Waco, CAUSE had been contacted by family members of Davidians trapped inside by the government siege. As a result, CAUSE sponsored the "Lawyers Response Committee" which attempted to legally prevent the tragedy which occurred 51 days later. Part of this response was to contact well-known attorneys who agreed to represent Branch Davidians for free, and to connect them with family members. This strategy resulted in the representation of David Koresh by Dick DeGuerin and Steve Schneider by Jack Zimmermann, both of powerful Houston-based criminal lawfirms. Moreover, CAUSE sought an injunction and restraining order in the US District Court in Waco. These legal documents predicted that the government would burn out the Davidians almost two months prior to the holocaust which destroyed the building on 19 April 1993 (Patriot's Day).
CAUSE has previously filed three Federal Tort Claims Act (FTCA) demands with FBI and BATF, seeking over $100,000,000.00 in damages
for the survivors of three Branch Davidian families. "These suits are not so much intended to compensate the victims of the government’s excessive use of force, as they are to defend the Constitution from government encroachment and to see that another situation like Waco never happens again." says Kirk D. Lyons, attorney and Executive Director of CAUSE. Con’t on Page 2.
WACO FEDS ON THE RUN IN JUBILEE SUIT
STATE SURRENDERS IN BEAM PROSECUTION
WACO, TX- United States District Judge Walter S. Smith dismissed most of the defense motions filed by the FBI, BATF, numerous federal agents, the City of Waco, and a Waco police sergeant. Sweeping away all defense objections, Judge Smith allowed the case of Paul Hall, The Jubilee, and Louis Ray Beam, Jr. u United States of America, et al, to proceed to the discovery phase of the case.
The defense motions were filed by the United States Attorney and the City of Waco on behalf of their agents and police officer, asking the court to dismiss the compliant against them on various factual and legal grounds. However, Judge Smith refused their arguments and the case continues; Smith did dismiss the Federal Tort Claims Act complaints against the United States, FBI, and BATF until those agencies had time to respond. The FTCA actions were refiled on October 12, 1993 and the dismissal doesn’t materially affect the case. Con’t on Page 2.
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
CIVIL STATUTE RUNS IN WEAVER CASE
II lit*
JUBILEE, Continued.
Louis Ray Beam, Jr. was charged with Criminal Trespass under the laws of the State of Texas after he asked Daniel Conroy, BATF Deputy Director for Law Enforcement, if the actions of his agency meant the emergence of a police state in the US. Beam was acting as a reporter for The Jubilee. At first the McLennan County, Texas District Attorney’s office refused to dismiss the charges on constitutional grounds. But, on the eve of trial, the State gave in and dismissed the criminal prosecution against Beam because of "Constitutional violations." CAUSE Foundation, which represents Hall, The Jubilee, and Beam in the federal civil rights case, had filed extensive legal briefs in Beam’s criminal case. "The facts and the law were so clear, they really didn’t have a choice." said Kirk Lyons, attorney and Executive Director of CAUSE.
The federal agents in the case, Jeffrey J. Jamar, FBI; Robert A. (Bob) Ricks, FBI; and Edward Daniel Conroy, BATF, are the same agents who are being sued by CAUSE on behalf of the Emilies of Branch Davidians killed during the initial assault or in the fire.
"We’re going to be taking the depositions of the agents in a few weeks." said Lyons. Much of the information obtained in the discovery in this case will shed light on what really happened in the Branch Davidian siege. "The cases are interconnected." Lyons said.
After the dismissal of the government’s and City of Waco’s defense motions, the US Department of Justice assigned the chief of the civil torts division as attorney of record. "I’m flattered that they (Justice Department) would send their chief attorney on this case; it must mean that they’re in real trouble." said CAUSE attorney and Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons.
Depositions in the case will allow CAUSE attorneys to question the agents under oath about the arrest of Beam and the agents involvement in Waco. These depositions are expensive, about $600.00 to $1,500.00 for each agent plus travel expenses. We ask that you send contributions to CAUSE Foundation, marked Jubilee, to help defray the expenses of the suit. "We’re stretched pretty thin financially, with the Davidian cases and the Jubilee suit, in addition to all our regular legal activities." lamented Lyons.
HALF OF CLAIM FOR DEATHS NOW LOST
BOISE, ID- The statute of limitations for filing a Federal Tort Claim in the deaths of Vicki and Sam Weaver expired on 22 August 1993. This means that the United States, US Marshal’s Service and FBI are off the hook on the killings. The only action still available is a federal civil rights action against the agents themselves.
Randy Weaver called CAUSE Foundation on 18 August and stated that he didn’t want to sue the government until after his sentencing. It was a tactical legal decision on behalf of Weaver and there was nothing CAUSE could do about it; we couldn’t proceed without his permission and respect his decision.
Randy Weaver is now scheduled to appear before US District Judge Edward Lodge on October 18th. CAUSE is still hopeful that a suit will be filed against Lon T. Horiuchi, the triggerman in the Vicki Weaver shooting, in the next month. CAUSE is still investigating the case.
KILL THE CA.U.S.E.
VICTORIA, BC- Douglas Christie, Canadian barrister and attorney for Ernst Ziindel, had his Victoria office vandalized by graffiti in mid-September. The spray-painted message read: Kill the the (sic) C.A.U.S.E.
Christie said he suspects the activity might be aimed at supporting a proposal for a permanent race relations committee in Victoria. "It appears the people doing the spray-painting assumed that Doug Christie is the CAUSE representative in Canada."
CAUSE has no members but has affiliated attorneys around the world. Doug Christie has affiliated on a few cases but is not a member of CAUSE.
WACO MASSACRE, Continued.
The 39-page lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas, Waco Division, cites several causes of action against the US government. The suit names the United States of America, President Bill Clinton,
Attorney General Janet Reno, FBI, BATF and its former Director, Stephen Higgins, numerous BATF agents, including Robert Rodriguez, the so-called infiltrator, and several FBI agents, including Jeffrey J. Jamar, Special Agent-In-Charge of the Davidian Standoff.
The civil rights lawsuit accuses the BATF of unconstitutional use of excessive force in conducting the April 28 raid that left four BATF agents and six Branch Davidians dead. Moreover, CAUSE charges that the BATF had no sufficient probable cause to support the search warrant that led to the initial raid, provided the court with false information to secure the warrant, fired indiscriminately and killed innocent citizens, established a de facto state of martial law, used psychological terror, and wilfully and maliciously attacked and killed the surviving members of the Branch Davidians. The lawsuits also allege that BATF is engaged in a conspiracy to deprive citizens of their rights, privileges and immunities under the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution.
In a novel legal approach, CAUSE has charged the BATF with violation of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) statute. RICO was supposed to be used to combat organized crime, but has been primarily used by the government to circumvent the Constitution and First Amendment by prosecuting dissidents for conspiracy. Under a section of the RICO statute, any person who is damaged in their property by a pattern of racketeering may sue for three times the amount of damages. CAUSE has accused the BATF of witness tampering, which is actionable under the federal civil RICO statute. This may be the first time that an agency of the United States has been charged with racketeering.
CAUSE is already suing the principle federal agents, Jeffrey J. Jamar, Robert A. (Bob) Ricks, and Edward Daniel Conroy for the unlawful arrest of Louis Beam, a Christian reporter at a press conference, after he asked Conroy if the actions of BATF were the harbinger of a police state in the US. Last month, US District Judge Walter S. Smith, Jr., rejected government defense arguments in that case and the parties are now engaged in civil discovery (see related story).
In addition to suing the government, CAUSE has been active with defense attorneys for the Branch Davidians and represents several of those held as material witnesses, having secured several releases from federal custody. Moreover,
CAUSE Associate Director Dave Hollaway is an independent investigator in the Davidian case and was taken to the site of the Branch Davidian church by BATF prior to the government’s razing of the fire remains.
In its investigation, CAUSE has secured the services of an independent forensic pathologist, a fire and explosion laboratory, and other expert witnesses. Independent examination of Branch Davidian human remains has been conducted by CAUSE.
Besides conducting an investigation to discover the truth about WACO, CAUSE has been active in combating disinformation sponsored by the government cover-up and misinformation by well-intentioned, but over-zealous citizen’s groups. CAUSE had filed a protest with the US Department of Treasury concerning the attempt to exempt the Waco Administrative Review Group Investigation from the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act. This attempt by Treasury to claim "law enforcement evidentiary privilege" for the findings of its internal investigation is nothing more than a thinly-veiled attempt to shield its agency, BATF, and prevent or hamper discovery in a civil lawsuit. CAUSE threatened to seek an injunction from the federal courts to prevent the destruction or seclusion of evidence by the government in the Waco case.
The official report on the investigation by the US Department of Treasury was released on 30 September 1993. This led to the firing of BATF Director Stephen E. Higgins, and the suspension of five senior agents, four of whom are named in the lawsuit: Chojnacki, Royster, Hartnett, and Dunagan. The civil lawsuit was filed by CAUSE the day before; remember, you heard it here first!
A companion report by the US Department of Justice was released on October 8, 1993. The report was hastily redacted (edited) to remove any information which would be of value in the civil suit or of use to the defense attorneys in their representation of the Branch Davidians.
Naturally, the reports leave much to be desired considering they are products of the government investigating itself. However, they do contain sufficient facts to support the contentions of the civil lawsuit. Moreover, the reports contradict themselves and each other: they don’t even agree on what gas was used to force the Davidians out of their building.
3
WACO MASSACRE, Continued.
In a startling revelation, the US Justice Department now claims that the main impetus for the armored assault was "the danger that the HPT (FBI Hostage Rescue Team) would be confronted with a mass breakout by the Davidians and agents would be attacked by women firing automatic weapons and clutching their babies as human shields." An analysis of the voluminous reports will be reported in the next issue of The Balance.
CAUSE represents about seven families of dead Davidians and is expected to file more suits in the next few weeks.
VICTIM OF FEDERAL RAID KILLED BY SEIZURE LAWS
LOS ANGELES, CA- A Ventura County District Attorney has asked a Grand Jury to investigate the charge that a federal raid on a Southern California millionaire’s home may have been motivated by a police design on the property.
Last October, over 30 federal and local police agents broke into the home of Donald Scott early in the morning. When Scott heard the commotion, he came out of his bedroom with a gun in his hand. He was shot dead by Los Angeles county sheriffs deputies.
The agents justified the raid by claiming they were looking for "marijuana plants" which one of the agents claimed he had seen while overflying the Scott 200 acre ranch at 1,000 feet up. No marijuana plants were discovered nor was any other evidence of illegal drugs. The Malibu ranch of Mr. Scott, who was an heir to the Scott paper fortune, is valued at $5-million.
Now, in California, an heir to a large fortune need no longer fear the likes of Charles Manson breaking into their homes and murdering them, they can now lie awake at night waiting for the DEA and LA County Sheriff’s Office.
The Ventura DA, Michael Bradbury, has charged that it was the desire to seize this valuable property which motivated the raid. Current federal law, in direct contradiction to the
US Constitution, allows police agents to seize property without due process if a connection to illegal drugs can be found.
Bradbury alleges that federal agents new that Scott’s wife had been involved in drugs in the past and hoped to find evidence that her pattern had continued in order to gain the property. The agencies involved in the seizure would then be entitled to sell the property and split the profits realized from the sale between the agencies. It has become a standard practice for police agencies to enrich themselves over and above their budgets doled out from the public purse.
To support his allegation, Bradbury turned over to the Grand Jury a property appraisal of the Scott ranch which the sheriffs department had prepared prior to making the raid. The appraisal even notes the comparable sale of a smaller, but nearby, ranch for $800,000.00. Moreover, two agents who participated in the raid said that seizure of the Scott property was mentioned in the pre-raid briefing. The raiders were instructed to look for any other drugs, besides the alleged marijuana, which might legitimate seizure.
Scott’s death at the hand of an invading police agent has been deemed justified as an act of "self defense."
BUNGLED BURGLE
FEDS INVADE NRA CONVENTION HOTEL ROOM
WASHINGTON, DC- Kirk Lyons and Dave Hollaway went to Disneyland-on-the-Potomac to address the Executive Board of the National Rifle Association concerning the lawsuit filed in Waco. They also were in Washington to obtain copies of the US Treasury and Department of Justice Reports on the government’s investigation of the Waco massacre.
During the five-day stay, it became apparent that all was not right at the Key Bridge Marriot. Several times, it appeared that the room was tampered with; once the room telephone had to be fixed. Con’t on Page 5.
4
BURGLERS, Continued.
Normally, we would dismiss this as our "normal paranoia", but, when one has sued the President and Attorney General, who knows? The key clue came when Lyons returned early and unexpectedly. In their haste to exit the hotel room, one of the agents unwittingly left behind his Motorola HT-600 radio, which was found lying on the floor by Lyons; the radio was turned on.
Analysis of the radio by a communications security expert in nearby Virginia revealed that the radio had a "sterile" serial number according to computer records at Motorola.
Armed with the latest clue to government case tampering, CAUSE will be filing an injunction against FBI and BATF with the federal court in Waco.
CAUSE DIRECTORS GUEST SPEAKERS
Las Vegas, NV- CAUSE Directors Lyons and Hollaway were guest speakers at the fourteenth annual Soldier of Fortune Convention at the Sands Hotel in Las Vegas. Sharing the podium was Dick DeGuerin, attorney securd by CAUSE for David Koresh during the 51 day siege. DeGuerin is considered one of the top five criminal attorneys in Texas.
During the convention banquet, Robert K. Brown, editor and publisher of Soldier of Fortune magazine, announced the filing of the Federal Tort Claims Acts in the Waco case. This announcement brought a near-standing ovation from the approximately 2,500 attendees. There were several obvious dissenters who looked suspiciously like federal agents.
The next morning, Dick DeGuerin, Kirk Lyons, and Dave Hollaway answered questions of conventioneers on the Waco case. During the convention, Hollaway was asked why he was suing the government over the Davidian deaths. Instead of giving the usual legal jargon explanations, he quipped:	"I	took	an	oath to
defend the Constitution from all enemies, foreign and federal!"
THE BALANCE is a newsletter published by CAUSE FOUNDATION, a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international hjman-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editor-al and submission inquires should be sent to Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711. Not responsible for unsolicited materials.
WE BREAK OUR BACKS FOR YOU!
Associate Director Dave Hollaway continues to recover well from spinal surgery after his fall from the watertower in the aftermath of the fire that killed 97 members of the Branch Davidian church.
In filing the multi-million dollar lawsuit, CAUSE has challenged the government in the most significant case since the Watergate debacle during the Nixon administration. Quite naturally, this suit and its companions are the most ambitious undertakings we could possibly contemplate.
Due to the heavy expenditures in the Waco cases, our funds are at an all-time low. Moreover, many persona! sacrifices have been made by CAUSE personnel and their families to keep up the pressure on the government.
More innocent people have been killed at Waco by American Justice than in Iraq, Somalia, or at Tien’amin Square in China, combined.
This lawsuit is a suit to defend the Constitution and Bill of Rights. It is a suit by the people for the people in the most traditional sense. This lawsuit will only succeed if you support it. Please send the most generous contribution you can immediately to CAUSE so that we can continue the fight!
If the government gets away with crushing innocent women and children under its tank treads, it will be because the people of this nation, including you, didn’t adequately support the only organization which is actively and meaningfully opposing the massacre at Waco. If you think the government was wrong, then help us punish them by sending a contribution to our legal war chest now! Any contribution over $50.00 will receive a copy of the lawsuit.
We’re breaking our backs; all we ask is a contribution to help us secure your rights.
5
r h t • i * 11 ■" r11	i
“*5t20-3teS9S

/
9S0LL XI ‘uojsnoH L6P6 3l’nS ‘ PA[a TO Jsod 1011
asnvD o/3
33NV3V8 3H1

Attorney Kirk D. Lyons, Executive Director CAUSE FOUNDATION
Single acts of tyranny may be ascribed to the accidental opinion of a day; but not a series of oppressions, begun at a distinguished period, and pursued unalterably through every change of ministers, too plainly prove a deliberate systematical plan of reducing us to slavery. Thomas Jefferson.
Copies of The Balance are free upon request.
A year's subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 Foreign.
All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance.
P. 0. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711.