Qv7
®IM1£
XV Newsl
r of
Civil Rights
nd Current Events
March 1994
D.M.A. Hollaway, Editor
Vol 5, No. 1
Waco Victory!
Feds Thwarted in Davidian Prosecution
San Antonio, Texas - The highly celebrated criminal trial of the surviving Branch Davidians ended in a huge defeat for federal prosecutors. All eleven of the defendants were acquitted on charges of conspiracy to kill federal agents and murder. The jury rejected the government claim that the Davidians "ambushed" the BATF agents during the massive assault on February 28, 1993.
Five members of the Branch Davidian Association of Seventh Day Adventists were convicted on a lesser charge of voluntary manslaughter and two others were convicted of weapons charges. Sentencing for the convicted Davidians will be around the second week in April.
The verdict came on Saturday, February 26th, just two days before the first anniversary of the Battle of Armageddon at Ranch Apocalypse. The verdict was read in a packed courtroom after only two full days of jury deliberations. The six week trial included nearly 140 witnesses for the government and 1,500 exhibits. Defense attorneys presented only eleven witnesses, including Jack Zimmerman, attorney for Steve Schneider (who died in the fire), who testified about the
mysterious missing door.
BATF agents testified that, as soon as they dismounted from the cattle trailers, (wonder who's bringing us all those cows?), they observed David Koresh standing at the front door, smiling. When the agents yelled, "Federal Agents, get down!", Koresh shut the door and a hail of bullets came through from the inside, hitting several of the agents. Con't on Page 4.
Killers of Vicki Weaver Sued in Waco Massacre
Rogers and Horiuchi Named in Davidian Suit
llllllalready taken the the Federal Baby Incinerators (FBI),
Waco, Texas- FBI Hostage Rescue Team members Richard Rogers and Lon T. Horiuchi were named as defendants in an amended complaint filed by CAUSE on behalf of Oliver and Elizabeth Gyarfas. Con't on Page 2.
1
Weaver Killers, Con’t.
The civil rights suit was originally filed in September, 1993 and names the United States, Bill Clinton, Janet Reno, and a litany of federal agents involved in the abortive BATF raid and fiery deaths of the Branch Davidians. Aisha Gyarfas Summers and one-year old Startle Summers perished in the flames on April 19.
In the amended complaint filed in February, numerous BATF and FBI agents were added to the lawsuit, including Rogers and Horiuchi. Dick Rogers is the commander of the FBI's elite Hostage Rescue Team; Horiuchi is an FBI Assistant Special Agent in Charge and senior HRT member. Also named as defendants were BATF Special Agent William Buford who planned and executed the 1985 federal raid of the Covenant, Sword, and Arm of the Lord (CSA) separatist group in Arkansas. Buford was instrumental in planning the "dynamic entry" operation against the Branch Davidian Mount Carmel Center in Waco.
The 53-page legal document alleges that Rogers and the HRT were sent to Waco to avenge the deaths of the four BATF agents killed in the original raid. The complaint named Horiuchi and alleges:
1.29 THAT Defendant LON T. HORIUCHI, herein referred to as HORIUCHI, is or was at all times pursuant hereto, a trained assassin in the paid employ of Defendants UNITED STATES of AMERICA and FEDERAL BUREAU of INVESTIGATION, under the direction of Defendant ROGERS...
Six months prior to the disastrous BATF raid in Waco, Rogers and Horiuchi were sent
to Ruby Ridge in Bonner County, ID, to police up after another botched government mission. Randy Weaver and his family had been living peacefully in North Idaho until their lives were shattered by a joint FBI-BATF sting operation. In an effort to arrest Randy, Deputy US Marshals from the Special Operations Group (SOG) had been conducting "surveillance missions" on the Weaver property. In an encounter with Weaver's 14-year old son, Sam, the boy was mortally wounded in the back by a Marshal, and Deputy Marshal William F. Degan was killed by counter fire from a Weaver friend, Kevin Harris. Later the next day, Lon Horiuchi shot Randy Weaver without warning. As Randy, Kevin, and then 16-year old Sara ran for the shelter of their cabin, Horiuchi fired again, hitting Vicki Weaver who was holding 10-month old Elishiba Weaver in her arms. The bullet passed through Vicki Weaver's neck and head, causing her to bleed to death. Harris was wounded in the chest by bone and bullet fragments as they passed through Vicki. Both Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris were acquitted of federal conspiracy and murder charges in connection with the death of Marshal Degan.
Bonner County, ID prosecutors stated publicly that they intend to indict both Rogers and Horiuchi in connection with the slayings.
The suit alleges that, instead of sacking Rogers and Horiuchi, they were decorated for their deeds and sent to Waco to clean up after the BATF. The government plan to end the standoff* with the Davidians called for a gradual escalation of force, with armored vehicles breaching the exterior walls and inserting a non-persistent tear gas. Instead of the announced plan, Rogers ordered the tanks to enter the building and demolish it. Con't on Page 3.
2
Horiuchi's Hit Men, Con’t.
Moreover, 300 40mm grenades containing a toxic gas, CN, were fired into the Mount Carmel Center.
Six hours later a fire erupted and 87 people lost their lives. Lon Horiuchi was driving one of the tanks.
Sects, Lies, and Videotape
On October 8,	1993, the Justice
Department released their report entitled Report to the Deputy Attorney General on the Events at Waco Texas, February 28 to April 19, 1993. The report concluded that the Branch Davidians started the fire that destroyed Mount Carmel Center and the people still inside at 12:07:41 C.S.T.
| "Its difficult to look at the photograph
§p>i|||||
Much has been made of various video tapes circulating and which claim to be "conclusive proof' that the government agents were responsible for the fire. The best analysis so far appears to be the one conducted by California Organization for Public Safety (COPS).
In that analysis, Waco:	An	Apparent
Deviation, COPS conducted a careful examination of the hundreds of hours of video material from numerous sources, including the original camera tapes from network media at the Mount Carmel Center.	COPS	has
discovered strong evidence that the government may have started the first fire as well as the second in the alleged "three points
of origin" referred to in the Justice Department documents.
The escalating pattern of violence imposed by the FBI on the building and its occupants that morning is of particular significance in the case. The actual demolishing of the building with the Davidians still inside was conducted in direct contravention to the "approved gassing plan" sanctioned by President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno, as noted in an ancillary report, Evaluation of the Handling of the Branch Davidian Stand-off in Waco, Texas. This escalation of FBI violence by Rogers and Horiuchi brought down the house, literally At approximately 11:59 a.m., the FBI HRT-driven tanks caused the collapse of the gymnasium at the far north east side of the Mount Carmel Center, almost totally out of the media's view. During this period of time, the media's attention was focused on the south side of the complex where the tanks were still dismantling the south east comer of the building. These are the tanks shown in the tape produced by Linda Thompson, in Waco, The Big Lie.
According to aerial photographs taken from a Forward-Looking Infrared Radar (F.L.I.R.), the gymnasium totally collapsed on the western half of the structure (roof and exterior walls), and the roof was down on the floor with the exterior walls partially collapsed on the eastern side. The tank that caused the collapse appears in the midst of the rubble, the center of the gymnasium. The most significant aspect of the government's photograph is the time reference of 11:59:16 at the lower left-hand comer of the print included in the Justice Department's report, as well as the obvious heat plume in the far northwest comer of the now collapsed gymnasium rubble. In subsequent photos, the heat plume can be seen growing and spreading in the debris. Con't on Page 5.
3
Waco Trial Wipeout, Con't.
ibet0^?M	i:-.: 11
in the Sedition Tried, the We^ercdse,: and ^y|||||fl didn't work here:-1 You'd ihink ihatgtr^rhment ||l| I
attorneys ^mld get iWm^$sdge>
But that testimony was contradicted by lawyer Jack Zimmerman who entered Mount Carmel at the height of the siege. Zimmerman, a US Marine combat officer, testified that the entry holes made by the bullets were from the outside in, conclusively showing that BATF agents fired first.
Zimmerman's testimony was necessary because the half of the door behind which Koresh was standing could not be found after the fire swept Mount Carmel Center on April 19,1993; the other half was found and was in the courtroom during Zimmerman's testimony Federal agents investigating the aftermath of the tragic fire testified that they could not find the door in the burned out rubble of the Davidian home. "It was made of aluminum and must have been destroyed by the fire." the agent testified. However, defense attorney Douglas Tinker of Corpus Christi walked up and placed a magnet on the steel door. "There's no way a steel exterior door can just disappear in a fire; there'd be at least some metal slag left." said Tinker.
Several jurors after the verdict told reporters that the missing door had really concerned them during their deliberations and had figured prominently in the decision to acquit the Davidians of murder and conspiracy.
Jubilant defense attorneys said the verdict is a wake-up call for law enforcement gone awry. "I'm always amused in these cases by the conspiracy claims of the government. They are so paranoid that they always claim that
there's a conspiracy to murder government officials. Perhaps they're paranoid because they have a guilty conscious." said Kirk Lyons, chief counsel for the families of Branch Davidians killed in the fire. "They always overstate their case; it didn't work in the Sedition Trial, the Weaver case, and it didn't work here. You'd think that government attorneys would get the message" stated Lyons when informed of the verdict.
Dick DeGuerin, famed criminal lawyer from Houston, said: "I hope that every one of them (Davidians) file a lawsuit and win against the Government." DeGuerin represented David Koresh during the siege at the behest of CAUSE and entered Mount Carmel Center several times in attempts to end the stalemate. Mike DeGuerin, Dick's brother, represented Paul Fatta, the Davidian licensed gun dealer. "We've already taken the next step," said Lyons, "we've sued the Federal Baby Incinerators (FBI)!"
Those convicted of the lesser offense of voluntary manslaughter face penalties of 10 years and a $250,000.00 fine. Paul Fatta and Graeme Craddock, convicted on related weapons charges, face similar penalties. Appeals from the convictions are planned by defense attorneys.
Despite the jury's verdict that no conspiracy to lay in wait to kill the agents. Assistant United States Attorney Ray Jahn, lead prosecutor in the trial, continued to refer to the Ranch Apocalypse battle as an "ambush" of the BATF. Jahn stated that he is entitled to keep his belief that the agents were victims of an ambush.
CAUSE Foundation and Kirk Lyons represent 21 families of slain Branch Davidians in a civil suit against the United States, BATF, FBI, President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno.
Sects, Con't.
The points of origin and the times that the fires started according to the video and time references presented are at odds with the government's account. The FBI claims that the first fire started at 12:07:41 at that southeast comer of the building. The second point of origin is claimed to have occurred at 12:08:52 near the front doors and dining area according to an FBI sniper some 300 yards away from the front of the building. As of yet, there is no information in the videotapes to contradict the FBI allegation that someone inside the compound started the fire at this point. The third point of origin is claimed by the government to be in the chapel/gymnasium area at 12:09:45. The government's thesis on who started the fire runs like this:	The	fire	started inside the
compound. The only persons inside the building and in control of those locations were Branch Davidians. Therefore, the Davidians started the fires.
tittle girL. it was almost more than I could | §j jgj
The evidence tends to support quite a different view on the subject of who may have started the fire. The first point of origin started at 11:59, yet the government claims it started eight minutes later at 12:07.
The question of how and why the fires were started cannot be deduced from the evidence available to date. The real truth of what really happened at Mount Carmel will not be known until, through the power of civil discovery, the federal official responsible for the disaster can be forced to talk. However, videotape
information paints the following picture: The first point of origin appears to be in the government-collapsed gymnasium at about 11:59:16. The second point of origin appears to the southeast comer of the building at 12:07:41. And the third point of origin near the dining/front doors area at about 12:08:11. It can be shown from the Justice Department report that FBI tanks were at and in control of the locations of origins one and two. Therefore, the FBI was at least equally present and apparently in control of the first and second third points of origin at the time of ignition.
The obvious also needs to be stated. There was a 40-mph wind blowing that day. The "fortress" building was poorly constructed of used wooden building materials. All the windows were covered by curtains to prevent observation of the interior. It was dark inside Mount Carmel Center, even at midday, and the Davidians had Kerosene and Coleman fueled lanterns lit all morning on the nineteenth. These facts were known to Rogers, the onscene HRT commander, and his men operating the tanks. The legal question which must be answered in court by the government is whether it was safe to operate the tanks in the manner seen in the video tapes under such conditions? A jury will not think so. Con't on Page 6.
The Balance is a newsletter published by CAUSE Foundation, Inc., a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of human-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editorial and submission inquires should be sent to P. O. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711. Not responsible for unsolicited materials.
5
Fire, Con't.
yeii. listened hard enough, you could
hear the screams. " -Dave HoUaway^;i:|||||
In reality, for the purposes of the lawsuit, it really doesn't matter who started the fire. If the fire was started by the government, even accidently, then they are liable for wrongful death. The actions of the tanks made a death trap out of Mount Carmel Center and prevented the Davidians from escaping the fire. Investigations have revealed that two Davidian women represented by CAUSE died within inches of the trap door which would have led them to safety. However, the tanks had crushed the door so that it couldn't be opened and they died futilely trying to dig their way out of the burning inferno.
And if Koresh or some of the Davidians had planned suicide, the government's own experts have testified that the actions of the FBI were calculated, not to make them "come out," but to drive them over the edge and carry out any suicide plan that might have been contemplated. No matter what happened with respect to the origin of the fire, the deaths of the Davidians would not have happened but for the actions of the federal agents and for this they will be held accountable.
The ADLE and DADLE Skedaddle
As the Gyarfas suit ponderously winds its way through the gears of justice, Federal Tort Claims have been filed on behalf of families of 15 Davidians who lost their lives. CAUSE Foundation now represents relatives of 18 of the Branch Davidians. Only one lawsuit, Gyarfas v. United States, has been filed agaist the goverment in federal district
court. The issues for each of the plaintiffs will be the same and the legal points can be defined with one suit. After the courts rule on the legal issues in Gyarfas, similar suits will be filed on behalf of the other Davidians.
In a motion to dismiss the complaint against the goverment, lawyers argue that the Court does not have In Personam jurisdiction over the federal agents who are not residents of Texas. The thrust of their argument is that officials such as former BATF Director Higgins, former BATF Associate Director Law Enforcement (ADLE) Hartnett, and the former Deputy Associate Director Law Enforcement (DADLE) Dan Conroy, are not subject to the jurisdiction because they "do not have significant ties to the state." We call this the "We Came, We Killed, We Fled" defense. Conroy and company would be liable if they had run over the Davidians with an automobile in a public highway, so they should be liable since the government ran them over with tanks.
Silencing of the Lambs
This case is a very emotional one for CAUSE. "It's difficult to look at the photograph of young, beautiful Aisha Gyarfas Summers and compare it to the photograph of the gristly remains I saw at the Fort Worth Medical Examiner's Office." said CAUSE Executive Director Kirk Lyons of his recent investagatory visit. The remains of Aisha were recently identified through use of DNA testing. "I saw a photograph of mother's burned-off arm still cluching the tiny burned-off arm of a little girl. It was almost more than I could bear." said Lyons. Con't on Page 7.
6
Silent Lambs, Con't.
Letters to the Foundation
"It's just these senseless acts of heinous governmental terrorism that try the forebearance of good, Christian men." stated Dave Hollaway, Associate Director and chief legal strategist of the case.
Hollaway was an indepentent investigator who examined the burned-out site during the post-fire investigation with the BATF and Texas Rangers. "It was eeiry out there... I mean the silence. If you listened hard enough, you could almost hear the screams." Hollaway said.
CAUSE Foundation has put together a team of attorneys to prosecute the case. Associated with CAUSE is the firm of Griffin & O'Toole of Atlanta, Georgia. Former CAUSE Director Sam G. Dickson is associated with the lawfirm and will be a trial counsel in the Davidian cases.
"This case is just too large and complex to handle on our own." said Lyons of the association with Griffin & O'Toole. "They are experts in proving damages and will handle the discovery, expert witnesses, and trial of the case." Lyons said. CAUSE Foundation will handle all the legal briefing and motion practice necessary to get the case before a jury.
CAUSE is also being assisted by counsel from the National Rifle Association and other Second Amendment groups.
Copies of The Balance are free upon request. A year's subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 foreign. All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance, P. O. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711.
Here at CAUSE Foundation, we receive hundreds of letters during any given week. Here is one we thought we'd share with you:
Thanks to the Feb '94 issue ofS.O.F. magazine,
I discovered the Cause Foundation and the fact that the American Citizens who are being held as political prisoners by an evil group of U.S. Fed. Govt, murderers who have reached such a peak of confidence that they commit unlawful, unconstitutional acts against citizens of the U.S.
I could go on and write page after page explaining the empty hurt I feel. I'm 56 yrs. old, I've always felt that my country, my Govt, my home and security would always be here for me (in spite of its faults) I knew it would always come through to protect its citizens. God Damn! what a fool I've been all these years.
Those gutter slime bastards as a last slap in our face, dared to raise the Stars & Stripes over the unspeakable crime they just committed.
I will never be able to watch our flag go by in parades etc. without getting a sick empty feeling in my stomach.
No more of the Proud warm feeling. No more— ever!!
We're not sure how we could put it much better, except to remind you that only through your continued, regular, and generous support, can we prosecute criminals like Rogers and Horiuchi and get justice for Weaver and Waco.
Won't you please, right now, send your urgently needed contribution made payable to CAUSE Foundation and help strike a blow for liberty and justice?
The cost of litigating against the government, with its resources of the United States Treasury, is staggering. Only your contribution can make justice a reality. Send today!
7