Spring, 1997	Dr.	Neill	H.	Payne,	Editor	Vol.	8,	No.	1
Big Mother is Watching
CAUSE Initiates
OPR complaint against FBI
It appears that Big Mother Reno’s boys in the FBI have been up to their old dirty tricks again. In response to learning that the Feds possess the subpoenaed phone records of CAUSE Foundation, CAUSE has launched an Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) complaint with the Justice Department. CAUSE seeks to determine the reasons that were used to support this unprincipled and probably illegal subpoena. Upon determining the facts surrounding this case, CAUSE will file suit should it be warranted.
For anyone who has spent any time in dissident circles, it is a common place when talking about certain verboten subjects to joke about the room or the phone being bugged. Although, usually tossed off flippantly, those privy to the conversation know all too well that this is no joking matter. Here in the “freest democracy in the world” we have come to expect these police-state tactics as a cost of doing business.
In spite of the fact that CAUSE Foundation is a law office and in spite of the “attorney-client privilege” that we presume still exists, we always try to act under the assumption that we are probably being monitored by the “freest Democracy in the world." We try to be careful about what we say over the phones. We also caution anyone that calls to be careful, especially if what they are saying begins to stray beyond the protections of the First Amendment. Some might call this paranoid, we prefer the term prudent.
As it turns out, a reporter called in early April to ask us if we knew that our phone records had been subpoenaed by the FBI. At first we were incredulous, but not only did he have a photocopy of the request for CAUSE phone records, but also requested were Executive Director Lyons’ and Associate Director Hollaway’s home phone records. Associate Director Payne was spared this intrusion simply because he cannot afford a phone. If this were not enough of an illegal fishing expedition, they also grabbed the records of a neighbor whose only connection to CAUSE Foundation is that he lives next door.
These records spanned a seventeen month period from January of 1994 to May of 1995. They reflected all telephone numbers of
every call placed to and placed from these phones. We have not yet determined whether or not during this time they were also actively eavesdropping on phone conversations.
This is an outrageous abuse of the police-state powers that this government has arrogated to itself. Long-time supporters of CAUSE Foundation will recall that in September of 1993 we launched the first lawsuit against the Federal government regarding the Waco holocaust. During the time covered in the subpoenaed records, CAUSE and its directors made many calls to potential witnesses and expert witnesses. For the Feds to filch these records gives them an unfair advantage in this litigation.
Big Mother, Continued on Page 2
Waco Remembered
The surviving Davidians, their friends and supporters met again in Waco, Texas on Saturday the 19th of April to remember their dead. This was the fourth anniversary of the Federal massacre of David Koresh and his church. Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons was again invited to address those who came to pay respects. He was one of several who spoke to the crowd of approximately two hundred.
Fifth Circuit to Hear CAUSE Motion
In an encouraging development in our Waco litigaiton, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals has agreed to hear our Motion to Recuse and to Transfer Venue. Federal Judge Walter Smith, who will be the judge in this lawsuit if we cannot get him ousted, recently denied this motion. Judge Smith, who has repeatedly demonstrated his contempt and hatred of the Davidians and their religion, indicates by this denial that he considers himself completely unbiased and competent to hear this case impartially.
You may recall that Judge Smith was the judge in the criminal trial of nine Davidians in San Antonio. Going against the expressed will of the jury who counselled leniency, he gave the defendants the maximum possible sentence allowed by the Federal Sentencing Guidelines. In a completely impossible distortion of justice, he sentenced them to upwards of forty years in prison for carrying a
Fifth Circuit, Continued on Page 2
Fifth Circuit, Continued from Page 1
weapon in the commission of a crime which was a crime that they did not commit and for which they had been found not guilty. Well, what is a pound of flesh if one cannot also have a quart of blood?
Waco: the Rules of Engagement
“Disturbing, unbelievable, I can’t believe the government would do this. “ These are some of the reactions this movie has generated. Unfortunately the producers of the movie “Waco: the Rules of Engagement” have not released their movie to video and have no firm idea when that release might happen. So, it occured to us that perhaps some of our supporters would like to see the original Foward Looking Infra Red (FLIR) video which, when enhanced, experts agree it shows the government machine-gunning the Mount Carmel church while it burned.
CAUSE compelled the government through discovery in the Gyarfas case to divulge this video. This FLIR video is the raw footage taken from a plane circling over the Branch Davidian building on the morning of the fire.
Whereas a regular video records light images, a FLIR camera records heat or infra-red waves. The video is in black and white and the hotter the object the whiter it appears. After a few minutes of viewing this video, one begins to make out the tanks and other objects. As the plane continues its circular flight path, one sees the destruction begin as the tanks start taking apart the building.
Again, this is the raw FLIR footage. It is unedited. There is no entertaining background musical score or sonorous narrative voice-over. Nevertheless, this video is compelling to watch. This is film noir and federal cinema verite. On this video, one can see where the fire starts and how quickly it spreads. One can even see the ghostly figure of a Davidian climb out onto the roof and drop to the ground. As the building becomes totally involved, the increasing heat signature causes the video to fade to white.
The fact that there is such a video raises a question that we have never been able to get the government to answer. Why did they think it would be necessary to have an aerial FLIR video made of their assault? They knew FLIR only records heat and fire.
So, until the movie comes out the best we can offer you are copies of the FLIR tape. We will send a video to anyone who donates $100 or more and sends a written request for the video with the donation.
Big Mother, Continued from Page 1 As Kirk Lyons was quoted in an interview with the Rocky Mountain News out of Denver, “This is a free look for them at any witnesses we’ve called in our Waco investigation.” Lyons further characterized this latest affront as illegal saying, “A lot of those calls are privileged. I think there should be a higher standard when it involves a law firm with attorney-client privilege.”
Theoretically, all communications between clients or potential
Copies of The Balance are free upon request. A year’s subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 foreign.
All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance, P. O. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711.
clients and attorneys are confidential and should be off-limits to government scrutiny. A person’s right to counsel is one of our guaranteed rights. The attorney-client privilege was instituted to insure that an individual can feel completely free in seeking counsel. The prospect of government surveillance inhibits the free exercise of that right. Are there any rights these people respect?
At any rate, the first step is to initiate an OPR investigation. According to the book Inside the F.B.I. the federates really hate these OPR things. CAUSE is certainly very broken up to know that. Nevertheless, CAUSE will pursue this to see what they will divulge. If the facts warrant further action, we will take it. This may even lead to a class action suit. Then, everyone whose phone number showed up on those records or even those who avoided calling for fear of being recorded could conceivably participate in teaching the F.B.I. a civics lesson.
From the Executive Director
For more than a year now we have received the occasional call or letter from a supporter asking about Andi Strassmeir. Some have accused us of obstruction of Justice, by helping Andi return to Germany, some have taken us to task for helping Andi when it might jeopardize the Waco case. Others have written to tell us that Andi is definitely an “infiltrator.” Others have told us that because we represent Andi, they will no longer support us! Rarely in my career have I been more ashamed of the Patriotic “movement.” Having personal knowledge of most of the facts surrounding Andi I have been amazed at the level of “I know it all” posturing by so-called Patriot journalists and leaders who by their very statements make it obvious that they don’t know the first thing about Andreas Strassmeir.
The only mistake we have made in our representation of Andi, is that we made him available to McVeigh’s investigator. All the falsehoods about Andi emanate from that mistake. Andi has been made available to the Feds and against our advice has talked repeatedly to the media (none of whom has yet to get the story straight). Andi is a victim of being an intelligent foreigner who makes a convenient bogey man for all the people trying to hang the OKC bombing on the Feds. For all we know the Feds may have been involved, but Andi was not. People want to believe the stories about Andi, because it is neat and convenient (especially if you disregard seminal facts).
Opportunists like J.D. Cash, Stephen Jones, and a lot of so-called patriot journalists cannot pass up the chance to embarrass the Feds, even if it destroys the reputation of an innocent man like Andi. When faced with the hysteria surrounding Andi we did the right thing, he asked for our help and we helped him. I cannot see honorably doing otherwise. I would do it again. Protecting underdogs is our business, and knowing Andi simply reassured us that we were helping someone who had been unfairly targeted for persecution. We have not seen a single iota of REAL evidence to lead us to change our opinion of Andi. We do not believe he is an informant, and we do not believe he had any involvement in the OKC bombing. We did not obstruct justice as some knee jerk hotheads have claimed. We simply put him under the protection of his own family and country’s laws, before making him available to the world.
He is still available to the press, and by subpoena to the Feds, Stephen Jones and the OKC bombing Civil suit (although the families have yet to serve him in that suit). Nobody apparently really wants to hear Andi under oath, or he would already have been subpoenaed or served. The power boys, the defense and the media want him beyond their reach, so they can continue to savage him without offering him a chance to defend himself. Note that Stephen Jones did not subpoena Andi, but tried to get in anti-Strassmeir myths through ATF snitch Carol Howe. Amazingly, the “patriot” press has accorded the statements of a paid ATF liar the status of holy writ.
Executive Director, Continued on Page 3
Executive Director, Continued from Page 2 Another example of the gullibility of "patriot journalists” is the story of the super secret documents found in Andi’s wreck of a car when it was impounded by Oklahoma State troopers. These goons then burglarized Andi’s briefcase, and rifled his private papers. A legion of ridiculous stories has emanated from the contents of Andi’s briefcase. Nobody has bothered to verify any of it by calling us.
The most ridiculous story is from the wrecker driver, Kenny Peace, who claims that everyone from George Bush to Helmut Kohl called him demanding the release of Andi’s car. If Peace were honest in his recollection he would recall that he received calls from me, Dave Hollaway, and the Oklahoma Attorney General, who ordered the car released so Andi would not sue the troopers for illegally burglarizing his car. Such is the nonsense we have responded to.
Another facet is all the “eyewitness” ID’s of Andi, by little people seeking their 15 minutes of fame, including a bimbo who “entertained” 200 servicemen over one summer. We have scrutinized these statements thoroughly, and it is abundantly clear to us that the people making these statements know nothing about Andi Strassmeir, and did not meet him. Again, we have not seen a SHRED of real evidence that implicates Andi in anything connected to Oklahoma City, as informant or otherwise.
The Story of Andi the German
by Dr. Neill H. Payne, copyright© 1997
Who is Andi?
Andreas Strassmeir, is he (a) a US Government Mole, (b) a German Super Secret Special Agent, (c) a Mossad Asset, or (d) Stephen Jones’ Red Herring? If you don’t know, keep reading. If anyone really believes Andi is (a), (b), or (c) he should stop reading right now. He should also go away, stop bothering us and leave us alone. It would also probably be a good idea for that person to check with the local insane asylums to see if he has been missed.
This article is primarily for our supporters who have heard the wild speculations about Andi Strassmeir floating around “patriot” circles and don’t know what to think. We thank you for not jumping on the mummers' bandwagon of wild speculation. We appreciate your giving Andi and us the benefit of the doubt. This is also being written for those supporters who haven’t heard anything about Andi Strassmeir, but who may eventually fall prey to the propaganda of the conspiracy mongers. We are now glad to tell you what they will not.
We have tried to ignore addressing this issue but like in a bad sequel to “Friday the Thirteenth, Part 42” this issue never stays dead. The main reason we have ignored the “Strassmeir question” is that it has nothing to do with the important work we are trying to do in defense of your freedoms.
We had hoped that the irresponsible people who are out there spreading this balderdash about Andi would eventually get tired and go home. That has unfortunately not happened. Not only has this story not gone away, but in the last month the disinformation campaign seems to have grown. We find more of our time being wasted on this subject. Therefore, since none of the media, patriot press or otherwise, seems willing to give our version of the facts, we find it necessary to do so now.
It is not our purpose to repeat any of the cockamamie, wacko, conspiracy concoctions that have been circulating in the regular and alternative media. They are available enough for those who care to look. We propose to set forth the facts as we know them. We owe our friends and supporters this courtesy. We expect that they will be glad to know this and wish us well. We owe our detractors
The cost of Andi’s representation has not been borne by you, our A supporters, but from a private contributor who believes in Andi’s innocence. We expect our supporters to vigorously question all theories about the OKC bombing as is their right and obligation. We also expect them to demand honesty and objectivity from their news sources and to presume people like Andi Strassmeir innocent until FACTS, not gossip, prove otherwise. It is indeed unfortunate that Judge Matsch in Denver has barred the McVeigh defense team from putting on evidence of an “international conspiracy” into the OKC criminal trial, which does suggest that the Feds have something to hide. But fact finding and investigation will continue nonetheless, and Andi will be made available to responsible fact finders so suspicion of him may be eventually eliminated.
We do not intend to allow the nuisance of “Strassmania” to deter us from our Waco work. The Balance is taking up this issue this time only, because you, our supporters have a right to be informed - a duty we take very seriously.
Please read the article by Dr. Payne very carefully. If you have questions or comments please do not hesitate to call or write myself or Dr. Payne.
Kirk D. Lyons, Executive Director
and those who continue to believe these lunatic pipe-dreams nothing.
Andreas Strassmeir is a German national who is the son of a prominent retired German politician. Andi grew up in Germany. He was very patriotic and chose the army as his career. He became an officer in a tank support unit, the Panzergrenadiers. He became disillusioned with the army for the same reason that many excellent soldiers do. He found that the army was more interested in political correctness and sensitivity training than in warfare and learning how to defend the country.
Andi was like a lot of us are. He was proud of his country, but not proud of his government or the direction in which his country was going. Andi also had an interest that many of us share. He was fascinated by American history, particularly the War Between the States. He was a member of a German Civil War reenactment group. It is through this shared interest that we at CAUSE Foundation came to know Andi.
Coming to America
Andi first came to America in 1988. He was here to participate in a reenactment commemorating the 125th anniversary of the battle of Gettysburg. Executive Director Kirk Lyons had planned to participate in that reenactment. Kirk would have been commander of the company composed of the European reenactors that Andi Strassmeir would be in. As it was, he had spent all his disposable income that year to help defend Louis Beam in the Ft. Smith Sedition Trial and was unable to attend.
It turned out that Kirk Lyons and this author are friends with a reenactor from Germany who became the commander of the European unit. Another reenactor friend who was a participant had a father, Vincent Petruskie, who lives in Virginia near the airport where the German participants would land. He offered his father’s house to the Germans as a place to stay before and after the reenactment. This is how Andi came to know retired Air Force Lt. Colonel Vincent Petruskie.
Since it became reported in the press that Andi had stayed with Col. Petruskie a rumor has circulated that Colonel Petruskie had
Story of Andi, Continued on Page 4
Story of Andi, Continued from Page 3 contact with the CIA in the early 1950's. This is where some conspiracy types grab for their smelling salts. Boy, here is the link that they were looking for. They overlook the fact that neither Andi nor Col. Petruskie had any hand in bringing them both together.
After the reenactment, Andi stayed on with Col. Petruskie. Andi liked what he had seen of America and thought that the Land of Opportunity might be the place for him. Andi got it in his mind that he could get a green card if he could just get a job with the government. Col. Petruskie tried to convince Andi that his plan would not work. Andi would not listen, so Col. Petruskie dropped him off in Washington. As Col. Petruskie had told him the deal was, no green card, no job. Col. Petruskie tried to persuade Andi to stay in the area, get a student visa and go to school. Andi had other ideas and he bid Col. Petruski farewell.
Andi was on leave from the German army and still had time left on his tourist visa. He was unwilling to give up yet on his desire to become an American. During the reenactment he had heard of Kirk Lyons from Kirk’s friends. He heard that Kirk was a lawyer who lived in Houston. He felt that due to their mutual acquaintances and mutual interest in reenactment perhaps Kirk would help him. He called to introduce himself as fellow reenactor and friend of Kirk’s friends. He said that he was coming to spend some weeks with Kirk. He ended up spending some years.
Kirk began the process of trying to get Andi “legal.”. Because he came well recommended by people Kirk trusted, Kirk took him in and let him sleep on his couch. Kirk began the ultimately futile process of trying to get an intelligent, educated European citizenship in this country. By the time that Kirk and company had exhausted every avenue of a system designed to keep worthwhile immigrants out, Andi had become a friend. Kirk then began to look for ways for Andi to work here legally.
Several plans were tried. During this time Andi went and spent some weeks with Dr. Payne in Austin. He stayed on Dr. Payne’s couch this time. In spite of fanciful tales of Andi’s doings in Austin, Dr. Payne was always aware of Andi’s whereabouts. Andi was not playing “secret spy” in Austin.
Eventually, with Kirk’s getting married and subsequently moving CAUSE Foundation to North Carolina, Andi had to find new accommodations. We had run out of brilliant ideas for getting Andi on his feet. He did not want to return to Germany. His only hope for citizenship was marriage. In all this time, Andi lived off a small allowance from his mother and the charity of his friends. We needed to find him someplace cheap to live where it would be possible for him to meet eligible young ladies. Elohim City fit the bill.
Elohim City, a city of the Universe
Elohim City, for those who don’t know, is a religious community in Oklahoma near the town of Ft. Smith, Arkansas. Elohim City, or E.C. for short was founded by Robert Millar who is known as “Grandpa” by most of the residents. Grandpa Millar has formulated a religious system that is hard to classify. Its business cards refer to it as “a city of the universe." It is not Christian Identity, Mennonitism, Mosaic Legalism, or Pre-millennial Fundamentalism, but the Millar’s religion incorporates elements of them all. Atty. Lyons came to know Grandpa Millar during the Ft. Smith Sedition Trial in 1988. They very generously opened their homes to Kirk and family members of the Sedition Trial defendants.
Kirk remembered that there were many families there who had young, attractive unmarried women. If Andi were there, he would at least have some opportunity to find a wife which would then make him eligible for citizenship. This also was a self sufficient community and Andi’s small allowance would go a lot farther there. Kirk asked Grandpa Millar who agreed to take Andi in provided he were able to fit in. Here again, Andi had nothing to do with going
to live at Elohim City. He had never heard of the place and had no hand in the decision. He was basically told, “Look, Andi we’ve done all we can for you. This is the end of the road. Considering the circumstances, Elohim City is the best we can do. Otherwise, you’ll just have to go back home.”
The more Andi had come to know America the more he liked the idea of living here forever. In spite of all the problems this country has (due mostly to its corrupt government) there was more freedom here than he had ever experienced. He became so enamored of the idea of being an American that he willingly accepted the Spartan lifestyle that Elohim City had to offer.
Remember that we moved Andi to Elohim City in 1991. At that time, it was as far off the beaten track as you could get. It was not some notorious center for right-wing extremism. Few people even knew about them and they seemed to enjoy their anonymity.
No doubt, for the son of a well-to-do, politically prominent German family, Elohim City was quite a change of pace. Nevertheless, Andi adapted. He was accepted by the Elohimites. At least he was accepted as much as anyone can be who is not a member of the First Families of Elohim City. CAUSE Foundation by now had moved to North Carolina, but we kept up with Andi. He seemed to be doing well. That is, everything was fine until James Ellison started sniffing around Elohim City.
Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field
Here we must refer again to the Sedition Trial. James Ellison, traitor to his friends, Federal informant, and liar for hire was the chief prosecution witness against the defendants in the Sedition Trial. He once ran a paramilitary, survivalist school in the Ozarks called Covenant, Sword and Arm of the Lord or C.S.A. His property was raided on April 19, (gee, there’s that date again) 1985. After a four-day siege, Ellison surrendered to the Feds. In a bid to reduce his prison time he later would testify against former friends and associates in the 1988 Sedition Trial.
When we heard that this individual had turned up at Elohim City, we advised Andi to leave if Ellison began hanging around. We could not believe that Millar would allow Ellison near his community. We counseled Millar to run him off. Unfortunately, Millar would hear none of this. He was soft in the head about Ellison. He turned a blind eye to all of Ellison’s treachery. After all, it was Millar who had anointed Ellison, “King James I, of the Ozarks.”	-	"
Ellison’s visits became more frequent as he wormed his way in. The more we heard, the worse it looked for Andi’s future there, but Andi did not want to leave. By now, he owned a small bungalow (but not the Millar land it sat on). He had a girl friend and he was hoping to eventually marry. He had friends there and he felt like he belonged there.
Things finally came to a head when it was announced that Ellison would marry one of Millar’s granddaughters. There was a faction that opposed this marriage. Though he tried to keep his head down, Andi was identified as an opponent. Apparently, now that Ellison would be married into the ruling dynasty, all opponents who were not family members had to go.
Waiting for the other boot
Andi is fortunate that he can document his whereabouts on 19 April 1995. This was one of those events that causes everyone to remember where they were when they heard about it. Andi was at a neighboring ranch mending fences. We have investigated the witnesses to Andi’s whereabouts thoroughly, and consider that issue proven to our satisfaction. Someone from Elohim City
Story of Andi, Continued on Page 5
The Balance, Vol. 8 No. 1, a publication of CAUSE Foundation
Story of Andi, Continued from Page 4
brought him the news, and he returned to E.C. to watch the unfolding story on television.
As an isolated, non-mainstream, millenarian sect with an Apocalyptic vision somewhat akin to David Koresh’s, the people of Elohim City had cause to wonder when they would be the next Federal target. After the Oklahoma City bombing, their anxiety went into overdrive. Two months of rumors and alarms passed as they waited for the other jackboot to drop. During that time, a decision was made to clean house. Andi was told that Grandpa had information that the ATF had a warrant for him. They did not want any trouble so Grandpa told Andi he would have to leave. After four years of living there, Andi was given the bum’s rush.
Naturally, since Andi’s only other friends in the U.S. were at CAUSE Foundation he came here. The piece of junk he called his car would not make it so he hitched a ride. With Andi gone, Millar had Andi’s personal property removed from his house and placed in his vehicle. By the next day a new set of Gypsies had been moved into Andi’s old digs.
It took a few weeks for Andi to believe that he had been had. He did not think that Millar would stoop to such chicanery just to get rid of him. Andi made one last trip to E.C. to collect his belongings. He was given the same rigmarole about an impending raid and they gave him an hour to clear out.
Andi was back on the CAUSE couch circuit again. CAUSE, of course is not a homeless shelter, so Andi was now living off what little largess we could afford out of our own pockets. Again, we looked into immigration so see if the law might have changed. The chance for Andi to be naturalized came down to this, if Andi could paint himself brown and float in on a log speaking Spanish, his chance to become an American could almost be assured.
The Media Circus
When the records of Tim McVeigh’s calling card phone calls were released, they showed that Elohim City had received a call. Elohim City soon became shark chum for the media feeding frenzy that followed in the wake of this revelation. Grandpa Millar was now a minor celebrity. He was holding court. He was spinning his yarns. This was his chance to get the word out.
The FBI wanted to hear the story too. They invited Grandpa to visit them in Tulsa. At first Grandpa told them that they had never received such a call. When the FBI showed him the documentation, he told them he would get back to them. As there is only one phone line into E. C., the one person to ask was Joan Millar, Grandpa’s daughter-in-law. The line goes to her house and she serves as the local phone service. At first Joan said she did not recall such a phone call. Now, she suddenly remembered. Yes, there was such a call and the caller wanted to speak to Andi, but Andi never got the message.
Things were beginning to look bad for the “city of the Universe.” Quite naturally, they sought to deflect the bad press they were getting. Because Andi was no longer there, he became a convenient toxic waste dump for criticisms being heaped on Elohim City. Millar told the press that yes, McVeigh did call E.C. but it was Andi that he wanted. Soon, the rest of the story began to morph. As we said, Andi was at E.C. for about two months after the bombing and he was tricked into leaving. Now the press reported Elohim City was saying that Andi took off shortly after the blast. They neglected to mention anything about their part in forcing Andi out.
They went out of their way to make it look like Andi was on the lam. They told the press Andi was “Chief of Security.” That was a lie. Only First Family members get to be anything at Elohim City. Millar’s son-in-law, Zara Patterson, a former Marine Viet Nam vet, was always in charge of Elohim City’s security. But, for Millar, the
main benefit of trashing Andi was that the anti-Ellison dissidents were brought back into line. What happened to Andi could happen to them.
In spite of his attempts at damage control, the more Millar talked the worse the press made him and his community look. At last, after all the cows had gone, Grandpa Millar began to shut his barndoor mouth. He started referring questions about Andi to Andi’s attorney Kirk Lyons.
As word of this call spread, Andi Strassmeir suddenly became the mysterious “Andi the German.” Then one night Dave Hollaway came into this author’s house with Andi and was teasing Andi unmercifully. Dave was singing the theme song to “Secret Agent Man,” a T.V. spy show popular in the ‘60's. Andi had apparently recalled meeting someone who could have been McVeigh. When Andi heard the story about the phone call, he searched his memory for any recollection of any time he might have met McVeigh. He remembered at a Tulsa gun show trading a combat knife for some gloves or other surplus clothing. All that he remembered about this encounter was being impressed with this “squared away guy” who had recently been in the military. Andi thought he may have given him an Elohim City card with the phone number on it and might have told him to call if he were ever in the area. To this day, Andi can only say it might have been McVeigh. Dave was amused by this story and ridiculed Andi because it seemed so unlikely. Andi was not amused. McVeigh was the last person Andi wanted to be connected to even by a chance meeting. He was concerned about what his parents would think.
The Father of Lies
CAUSE began receiving calls for interviews with Andi. Andi was not interested in becoming a side show of the media circus and we advised that there was no benefit to him in participating in the hoopla. Then came a request for a different kind of interview. CAltSE'Was contacted by Attorney Dick DeGuerin. DeGuerin was one of the attorneys that CAUSE brought into the Waco stand-off who became David Koresh’s attorney. He told us that McVeigh’s attorney Steven Jones wanted Strassmeir to talk to his investigator, Richard Reyna. DeGuerin said that Reyna had done some work for him and was a good guy. Based on DeGuerin’s recommendation and our natural sympathy for criminal defense attorneys, we agreed to make Andi available.
Reyna, who palmed himself off as just a good-ole-boy from Texas, assured us that all that he was doing was tying up these annoying loose ends. Stephen Jones wanted to make sure that there was nothing behind these stories about his client calling Andi. He was just tying up loose ends.
Reyna did his interview and was told what you have read here. • Reyna also interviewed Dave Hollaway. Reyna wanted to know more about a call that Dave received at CAUSE Foundation a day before the bombing. Someone called who was irate about Waco. He said that the lawsuits wouldn’t do any good. He asked what we would do when they were dismissed? He said that someone needed to send the government a message that they would understand. Dave cautioned him that he did not know who might be listening to their call and that this person was getting very close to the edge of the First Amendment’s protection.
Reyna said that yes, McVeigh had called and asked Dave to tell him more. We had no reason to believe that Reyna would lie about this. If true, this would look bad for McVeigh. It turned out that this was only one of Reyna’s lies. Fortunately, Dave suspected Reyna’s honesty and planted a little disinformation himself. When he told Reyna how Andi recalled meeting McVeigh, he said that they unpacked the clothes that Andi had traded for the knife. Sure enough, there was McVeigh’s name tape attached to a jacket. He then told Reyna how he shredded it, but, in fact, there was no such name tape.
Story of Andi, Continued on Page 6
Story of Andi, Continued from Page 5 Hardly two days passed before the story came back to us from Elohim City that Andi had shredded McVeigh’s name tapes. We then realized ttjat Reyna was a liar. That he.wasn’t just trying to tie up loosgjends, but was going around«xymor mongering and spreading disinformation. Reyna was later fired by Jones for fabricating a false McVeigh confession which he planned to use to involve Louis Beam in his bizarre machinations.
at , khN	«■
With all .cl the .speculation going on in th«H3ress about Andi, we knew that even if the FBI had no interest in Andi they would eventually have to interview him. We were not opposed to Andi talking to them, but we worried that they might find some pretext for making Andi a material witness. We had experience with that in Waco. We knew that it was relatively easy for the Feds to do this. Once one goes to jail as a material witness, he has fewer rights than a criminal and may stay in jail till the trial. To avoid that, we decided that it was time for Andi to leave.
A friend of the foundation donated the money for the trip. Dave Hollaway went with Andi to see that he got home safely and to make Andi available for an interview with the FBI and German officials. It turned out that they did not seem that interested. They got their interview and seemed satisfied that if Andi.ever did meet
The Balance is a newsletter published by CAUSE Foundation, a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international human-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editorial and submission inquires should be sent to Editor, The Balance, Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711.
VVLSZ ON ‘U!Bjuno|/\| >pe|g
S€Zl.xog o'd uoqepunoj gsnVO % aoueieg aqj.
McVeigh that their chance meeting made no impact on their OKCBomb investigation. Andi was not and still is not a suspect.
Andi hated leaving the United States. Because of a strange chain of circumstances and the hyperventilating that has gone on in the press, Andi may never get to come back. We are used to being attacked by the mainstream media. What most disturbs us at CAUSE Foundation is the fact that the braying about “Andi the German” has been coming mostly from the so called “patriot” pseudo-press. I say “pseudo” press because we at least get a phone call from the mainstream press asking for our side of the story. These so-called “patriot” press types don’t even give us that courtesy.
As stated earlier, we have tried to ignore this issue, mainly because the premise of Andi being involved in Oklahoma City is so ridiculous. Many of the worst stories have come from people we thought were friends. Since they would not call us, we contacted them. We gave them our side of the story hoping that they would be more objective in covering this subject. Unfortunately, they are determined not to let facts get in the way of a good story.
Perhaps the worst offender is tne^aper we expected the most from. The Spotlight, which is read by many of our supporters, has sunk beneath the bottomless standards of the worst tabloids. When we read that Kirk Lyons and company are now accused by them of being Mpssad handlers and/or Federal agents, we have to assume that their publisher has become mentally unhinged.
Though disappointed in some of our erstwhile comrades in arms, we are not deterred. Now that our supporters are being lied to and mislead by those whom they should be able trust, it is our duty to tell them the facts. For eight years now we have done our best to stand up for you against tyrants and murderers. You know our record. You now have the facts. Judge for yourself.
Page 6
The Balance, Vol. 8 No. 1, a publication of CAUSE Foundation