			
Hay 1993	Published by CAUSE FOUNDATION	D. M. A. Hollaway, Editor	I Vol. 4 No. 1 1
TO THE TYRANT NEVER YIELD!
Fed Siege of Religious Group Ends in Fiery Death
WACO, TX- David Koresh and the members of the Branch Davidians met their fiery end under the tank treads of the US Government. On February 28, a 100-plus member hit squad of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (BATF) staged an infantry assault on the church property located 10 miles east of Waco. The raid, allegedly to serve a search and arrest warrant on Koresh for illegal weapons, backfired, resulting in the deaths of four BATF agents and six church members; fourteen other BATF agents were wounded.
That fateful Sunday morning, David Jones, brother-in-law of Koresh and rural mail carrier, stopped at a local convenience store where he met a journalist who had been invited to cover the BATF raid. The journalist told Jones that he had "better get out of here quick because all hell's going to break loose at that church down the road." Jones went directly to the Davidian church and told David Koresh about the coming raid.
David Jones found Koresh talking to Robert Gonzales, the BATF confidential informant whose information led to the raid. Koresh told Gonzales "well, I guess its decision time for you, Robert." Gonzales immediately fled the church and, after entering his car, sounded an alarm which informed the BATF that he was clear of the church.
Shortly thereafter, cattle trucks containing over 100 BATF agents roared up to the front of the church property. Agents, clad in Nazi-style kevlar helmets, black fatigues and jack boots, jumped off the trucks, "screaming like Rambo" and started firing at the door. David Koresh came to the door and started waving and shouting "stop it! stop it!, there are women and children in here!" Koresh was cut down by a swath of bullets from the feds; fortunately, he was only - slightly wounded in the left shoulder. Koresh’s father-in-law, Perry Jones, was mortally wounded in the hallway by a fusillade of federal firepower. Jones, 72, was described by
many Waco citizens who knew him, as "the kindest man and a perfect gentleman."
As our readers may have seen on nationwide television, the BATF agents scaled a ladder to the roof, broke through a window and entered the church building. However, what you may not have seen because the original tape was confiscated by the government and the media given an edited version, was the BATF agents hurling concussion hand grenades though the window. Cont on Page 2.
WEAVER/HARRIS TRIAL UNDERWAY
JUDGE DISMISSES DEATH PENALTY AND CONSPIRACY CHARGES
True Story of Vicki's Death Revealed by Agents
BOISE, ID- The trial of Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris convened on April 13, in the Federal District Court in Boise, ID. Ironically, just outside the courtroom is a three by four foot bronze plaque of the Bill of Rights. The prosecuting attorney is none other the Ronald Howen, who prosecuted Bud Cutler, Stephen Nelson, Gary Yarbrough, and others associated with the Church of Jesus Christ Christian in Hayden Lake, ID.
As the trial enters day eleven, the criminal defense team of Gerry Spence and Chuck Peterson have triumphed several times over the governments case. Attorney for Kevin Harris, Mr. Nevin, and Spence were able to defeat the government’s request in seeking the death penalty for the two defendants. In response to their joint motion respecting potential penalty, Judge Edward Lodge considered whether this case could be considered a potential death penalty case.
Cont on Page 3.
/
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
4
Waco Holocaust, Coirt.
Since the Branch Davidians had advance knowledge of the coming firestorm, they had sent their women and children upstairs to the bedrooms, which is where the BATF agents broke into the church. When the hand grenades went off upstairs and the women and children started screaming, the Davidians took up arms and assaulted upstairs, capturing four BATF agents and killing two others (the other BATF agents were killed outside). One Davidian entered the room where the feds had penetrated and a point-blank firefight erupted. One BATF agent was killed, one mortally wounded, and the Davidian was severely wounded in the arm. When the close-range exchange occurred, some of the 9mm automatic fire from the wounded BATF agent missed the Davidian, penetrated the exterior wall, hitting a BATF agent on roof. Hearing the agent fall on the roof, some Davidians vaulted into the living room and began firing upward through the roof.
A federal armed helicopter swept over the church buildings and began strafing through the roof with indiscriminate automatic fire, resulting in the deaths of four elderly Davidians still in their beds. Peter Ghent, 19, an Australian citizen, was scrubbing the inside of an empty water tank when the shooting started. He climbed to the top of the tank and peered over when he was struck in the head and neck by government gunfire. Falling inside, he lay there terribly wounded.
Wayne Martin, a Davidian and Harvard-educated Black attorney, called 911 and told the operator "God help us... all hells’ breaking loose, please help us!" The 911 operator finally put Martin in touch with the regional director of the BATF, Earl Dunagan, and a cease-fire was arranged. Koresh and the Davidians released the four captured agents and allowed them to remove the BATF dead and wounded. However, when the Davidians requested to go to the aid of Peter Ghent, still in the water tank, they were refuse: Ghent bled to death.
The Davidians were surrounded by hundreds of government agents, Bradley armored fighting vehicles, and four Abrams M-l main battle tanks. Both sides settled in for the siege.
CAUSE Foundation Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons and D.MA. (Dave) Hollaway flew to Waco on March 6 to represent the Branch Davidians in their standoff with federal authorities. Arriving in Waco, they made contact with Gary J. Coker, former attorney for David Koresh, and set up a command post. Immediately, CAUSE began contacting affiliated attorneys around the country and prominent criminal Texas attorneys to set up a legal defense network for the Davidians.
David Koresh’s mother, Bonnie Haldeman, called CAUSE at Coker’s office and asked that we help her son. Kirk Lyons called Dick DeGuerin, high-profile criminal attorney fir>m Houston, and asked that he represent Koresh pro bono, or without chaige. Lyons had Haldeman contact DeGuerin and an attorney-client relationship between
Koresh and DeGuerin was set up. Lyons and Hollaway had just finished working with DeGuerin on a homicide case in Houston (Lyons was the original defense attorney). A man was accused of shooting a homosexual who was attempting to bribe him. The police had the body, murder weapon, and a confession and Dick DeGuerin was able to win an acquittal.
Later that day, negotiations were conducted between Gary Coker, CAUSE and the FBI, concerning legal representation by CAUSE and other attorneys of the Branch Davidians. The FBI agreed to allow Coker to transmit a message to David Koresh about CAUSE representation as a means of peaceful resolution to the standoff.
On Tuesday, March 9, the FBI contacted Gary Coker and said he would be allowed to contact Koresh but they would record everything said. Coker couldn’t agree because this would violate his attorney- client relationship with Koresh. Negotiations then broke down between Coker/CAUSE and the FBI.
CAUSE Foundation filed an Application for a Temporary Restraining Order with the US District Court in Waco, Texas. The TRO asked for the government to show cause why it had besieged the Branch Davidians and asked the Court to examine the probable cause for the initial assault. CAUSE asserted that the BATF and FBI had established a de facto state of martial law and held the Davidians in a state of incommunicado. In part, the TRO claimed:
THAT your applicants aver and verily believe that it is the intention of the UNITED STATES of AMERICA, by and through its aforementioned agencies, to prevent outside independent observation of its actions... and to assault or otherwise attack or kill your Applicants without due process of law...
The TRO was filed by CAUSE and joined by eight other attorneys, including Coker; Dick DeGuerin; Vic Feazell, former McLennan County District Attorney; Gary Richardson, who won a $30-Million case against the government in Waco; Kelly Richardson of the Rutherford Institute which defends anti-abortion protestors; and Mark Lane, attorney for Liberty Lobby and The Spotlight.
Dick DeGuerin, after being turned away by federal agents, filed an Application for Writ of Habeas Corpus on behalf of David Koresh. Meanwhile Gary Coker was back on the phone with the FBI in the person of William Sessions, FBI Director. It was proposed that the attorneys and Sessions negotiate directly with David Koresh, face to face at the besieged church. Sessions was informed by Coker of the duplicity of the field agents concerning discussions in ending the siege.
Con*t on Page 3.
2
Attorney John Odam from Houston, a former Texas First-Assistant Attorney General, arrived in Waco to work with CAUSE, help coordinate the lawyer’s response committee, and enlist the aid of Governor Ann Richards in ending the standoff. Governor Richards’ office informs us that "she’s out of town and can’t be reached."
Wednesday, March 10, CAUSE continued to receive calls from Davidian family members from around the world. Using our list of attorneys, CAUSE puts the family members with attorneys and established representation for the Davidian members trapped in the church by the government ring of steel.
On Thursday, March 11, US Federal District Judge Walter Smith denied the CAUSE TRO and ordered the government’s legal documents sealed, preventing CAUSE from releasing information which would have shown the illegality of the government’s actions. Gary Richardson, an attorney from Tulsa who won the $30-million judgement against the FBI in Dallas, agreed to represent David Thibodeau, an elder of the Branch Davidian church. Jack Zimmerman of Houston, one of the top-ten criminal attorneys in Texas, agreed to represent Steve Schneider, Davidian leader directly under Koresh, at CAUSE request.
The next day, Friday, March 12, CAUSE held a counter-press conference concerning the state of the siege, ably assisted by Kevin Avery, Beverly Hills attorney for Tom Metzger. In the CAUSE press release, we stated:
The Lawyers Response Committee to the Mount Carmel Assault would like to state for the record that we are mystified by the absolute secrecy and star chamber-like proceedings in this case. All of the federal documents, which would normally be public record, are secret and sealed, most important of which is the initial probable cause upon which the government based its attack on Mount Carmel.
It is our position that independent negotiators could bring a speedy and peaceful resolution to this situation. In every federal standoff since Wounded Knee, those which used outside, neutral negotiators ended in a peaceful solution; those that have not and in which the government retained control have ended in injury and death, mostly by fire.
We couldn’t dream how prophetic this press release would turn out to be. That afternoon, a war council was held by the lawyers in Gary Coker’s office with Coker, Lyons, Hollaway, DeGuerin, Richardson, Zimmerman, and Jeff Kearney, attorney representing David Koresh’s wife, Rachel, and legal strategy in the case was discussed. Con*t on Page 7.
Weaver Trial, Con’t.
Count Five of the Indictment charged Kevin Harris with killing US Deputy Marshal William F. Degan; Randy Weaver is charged with aiding and abetting, murder, and attempted murder under 18 USC §§2, 115, 1111, 1114. Lodge ruled that while the statutes themselves were constitutional, a series of cases following Furman v. Georgia, 408 US 238 (1972), held the death penalty itself was violative of the Eight Amendment ban on cruel and unusual punishment. Moreover, Judge Lodge ruled that the statutes had been enacted pre-Furman and had not been amended by Congress to satisfy the legal tests required to administer the death penalty in a federal case and thus were constitutionally infirm. In his order Lodge wrote:
In the present case, the means to re-create a federal death penalty for the murder of a federal officer do not lie with this court.
Such resurrection of a federal sentencing option made in applicable by Furman must be done through Congressional enactment of the proper statutes... Congress has chosen to ignore the constitutional infirmities of §1114 for over twenty years.
It is not up to this court to speak to issues which are clearly legislative... Accordingly, any application of those statutes to arrive at a sentencing option of capital punishment would violate the Eighth Amendment prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment. The court has therefore determined that the death penalty is not available as a potential penalty in this action.
This ruling by Judge Lodge was a serious blow to the Howen and the government and from such the government has not recovered. Spence, Peterson and Nevin have kept up the pressure.
On May 4, Judge Lodge rejected most of the conspiracy counts chaiged in the indictment of Randy and Kevin. The indictment, with its two superseding amendments, Howen had developed his theory: as is in all important federal criminal cases nowadays, there was, of course, the ubiquitous conspiracy.
But this time the conspiracy went back nearly ten years to 1983 when the Weavers decided to move from Iowa to Idaho. Howen’s theory was that the Weavers had moved to Idaho ten years ago to establish a confrontation with federal officers, and to kill them! Moving to Idaho to raise their family in a more wholesome and simple environment, one where they could educate their children themselves, raise their own food, and worship as they pleased, magically became a part of a conspiracy to assault and murder federal officers and to establish a violent confrontation with them. Now the simple act of buying the farm and building the
3
cabin became part of this ongoing conspiracy. Even the selection of the family homesite on the top of a small hill overlooking a peaceful valley took on an ominous character and became part of the conspiracy to build a fortress in the furtherance of the conspiracy.
Howen launched into an invidious and prejudicial attack by claiming that Randy and Vicki Weaver, along with Kevin Harris, intended:
to establish a group in opposition to the United States Government which they termed ‘Z.O.G.*	(Zionist Occupation
Government) or the New World Order, for the purpose of advancing their views of ‘white’ or 'aryan* supremacy or separatism and the political, social and economic ascendancy of person of a 'white’ or ‘aryan’ ethnic background
This "group," which was indicted for murder and on conspiracy to murder federal officers, was the Weaver family, including baby Elisheba.
The true facts of what really happened at Ruby Creek can be elucidated from Grand Jury and court testimony by the federal agents involved. US Deputy Marshal Roderick, who commanded the Special Operations Group (SOG) team, testified in a preliminary hearing that US marshals had surreptitiously been on the Weaver property on more than a dozen occasions prior to the confrontation that resulted in the deaths of Marshal Degan and Sam Weaver. _
On August 21,1992, the US Marshals, under orders not to have contact with any member of the Weaver household, and above all, not to injure any of the Weaver children, undertook what they now call a "reconnaissance mission." Although they were under strict orders not to engage any member of the Weaver family in a confrontation, the marshals went to a shooting range where they spent several hours sighting in their weapons prior to going to Ruby Creek. Moreover, the federal agents brought a paramedic and extensive medical equipment in obvious anticipation that someone would be injured.
The marshals knew from their investigation that the Weavers had several times confronted people on their property, and that although the Weavers were armed, the intruders were confronted without violence and none were injured. The marshals also knew from previous experience that the Weavers would come out of their home whenever their dogs were alerted and that members of the family would investigate when the dogs started barking. The Weavers usually carried firearms when they came out of the house, but had a long history of non-violence even under stressful and suspicious circumstances.
In the face of this history, the marshals* apparent strategy was to engage the Weavers while they were armed which, even in the face of their orders not to engage, would provide the marshals with the opportunity to use deadly force against Randy Weaver and his family.
On the fateful day last August, the marshal SOG team divided themselves into two teams. Deputy Marshal Roderick sent one team to an area identified as the "Y," while another team, consisting of Roderick, Degan, and Cooper entered the Weaver property. Roderick testified at the Grand Jury hearing that, contrary to their orders, the marshals began throwing rocks at the Weaver cabin to taunt the dogs. When the dogs were alerted and began barking, the marshals ran and the family Labrador, "Striker," began following them. Striker was Sam Weaver’s pet and had been trained by him to haul water up the hill to the Weaver cabin in the winter.
Marshal Cooper was armed with a 9mm submachine gun equipped with a silencer. Roderick testified that the express purpose of this weapon was to shoot the dogs.
As must have been fully anticipated by the marshals, when the dogs began barking at the taunting agents, Kevin Harris, Randy Weaver, and 13-year old Sam Weaver came out of the cabin to determine the cause. Also, as fully predicted by the marshals, the Weavers carried their hunting rifles because they had previously chased and shot deer spooked by their dogs.
In the meantime, Striker was closing the gap on the marshals with Sam and Kevin in hot pursuit; Randy was carrying his double barrel shotgun and following at a more leisurely pace. In accordance with their plan, the marshals took hiding places in the heavy trees and undeigrowth along the road and waited for the dog and two boys to come running by. They undoubtedly expected Randy Weaver to be with them. Instead, only Kevin Harris and Sam were following the dog.
Striker passed Marshal Cooper and his machinegun, but the boys were close behind the dog, so Cooper elected not to shoot because, as he testified, if he killed the dog "I believed it would precipitate a firefight." Cooper said, "I could just almost feel the bullets flying at any time." Cooper let the dog pass and took deep cover in the trees behind Marshal Degan. Striker then passed Roderick and continued up the road 20 to 30 feet.
Since Cooper had not shot the dog, Roderick now fired. The bullet shattered the dog’s spine and Striker let out a loud yelp. Striker cried out in pain and began pulling himself along on his front legs for some time before he died, right in front of young Sam Weaver. Thus, a confrontation, contrary to the Marshals' orders, was fully assured- indeed, a forbidden confrontation with one of the Weaver children.
To the horror of thirteen year old Sam Weaver, he saw a man in full camouflage brutally shot his beloved dog. Roderick testified that up to this point no one had fired at the officers. Hence, by Roderick’s admission, the first shot in the bloody confrontation was fired by the US Marshals, not to defend themselves, but to start a firefight. When Sam saw his dog shot, he yelled at Roderick, "You shot Striker, you SOB!" Sam Bred his Ruger Mini-14 in Roderick’s direction but did not hit anyone.
The marshals opened fire with fully-automatic weapons and Coopers sub-machinegun. Kevin Harris said he saw spent
4
cartridges flying around and puffs of smoke in the bushes where the marshals were hiding. At the same time Harris says he saw Sam running back toward the cabin, crying out in pain because he had been hit in the elbow by the marshals’ gunfire. Then Harris heard Randy Weaver calling for Sam to come home and the boy call back, "I’m coming Dad." Those were the last words young Sam ever spoke. There was second or two lull in the firing, and Marshal Degan exposed himself, to aim, and shot Sam Weaver in the back, killing him.
Seeing that Sam had been shot, and fearing for his own life, Harris opened fire in the direction of those who had been shooting from the bushes. He believed he shot the marshal (Degan) who had fired at Sam. After that, Harris made his way up to Sam’s body and found that he was dead-- shot through the back as he ran home. Corf on Page 9.
US MARSHAL’S OPEN DEGAN MEMORIAL
Facility to Train Federal Agents
PINEVILLE, LA- A few short months after the federal assault on Randy Weaver and his family in northern Idaho, the United States Marshal’s Service dedicated a $3.36 million training facility in south Louisiana. The facility, located at the Camp Beauregard military post owned by the Louisiana National Guard, is to train a highly skilled cadre of federal officers "capable of rapid deployment to emergencies anywhere in the world" according to Henry Hudson, Director of the US Marshal’s Service. The center’s official name is the William F. Degan Tactical Operations Center, named for the US Marshal killed in the siege on Randy Weaver and his family.
The center will be used to train marshals and other federal law enforcement personnel and to support planning and staging needs for emergency operations. It also serves as the headquarters for the US Marshal’s Special Operations Group (SOG). The SOG has been headquartered at Camp Beauregard since 1984 and was the "best kept secret" according to Hudson. It is interesting to note that "SOG" was the acronym used for the notorious CIA-run Phoenix Program which assassinated political targets in South Vietnam. In fact, William E. Hall, former Director of the USMS and now US Associate Attorney General for Law Enforcement, was the founder of the Special Operations Group in 1970, during the Vietnam war and on his return from Southeast Asia.
The Office of Management and Budget told the USMS last year the Camp Beauregard facility was too expensive and not cost effective, but Director Hudson stated that he intends to "expand the operation at Camp Beauregard." This expansion will take the form of creating six four-man full-time SOG units. As of now, the SOG is manned by marshals who volunteer for the special training but have other full-time duties. As a result of the Degan fiasco, the USMS has
decided to have full-time, better trained marshals to staff its Special Operations Group.
The 37,000 square foot facility is owned by the State of Louisiana and paid for by state bonds; it is leased to the USMS. The training classes will have between 40-50 federal agents or other "students." The facility has trained "antiterrorist" agents from Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Asia and has facilities for up to 108.
CIVIL RIGHTS SUIT FILED
WACO, TX- A comprehensive civil rights suit has been filed on behalf of Paul Hall, The Jubilee, and Louis Ray Beam, Jr. Hall is the publisher of The Jubilee, a Christian news journal published in San Diego, CA.
At the start of the Branch Davidian standoff, Hall contacted Beam and requested that he act as an independent reporter for The Jubilee. Louis Beam was issued press credentials by Hall and Beam traveled to Waco to cover the siege. After checking in at the media command post, Beam attended the daily government press conference at the Waco Convention Center. FBI Special Agent Bob Ricks called on Beam for a question. Beam asked BATF Assistant Director Dan Conroy if the actions of his agency were the harbinger of a police state in the US. Conroy would not answer the question.
At the end of the conference, Louis Beam was surrounded by a phalanx of glowering federal agents and Waco police officers. His driver’s license and press credentials were confiscated by SGT Melissa Sims of the Waco PD. Sims ordered Beam to accompany her into a back room to speak with some ATF agents. Beam refused and was held surrounded in the press room while she left to confer with the feds.
After waiting some time, Beam started to leave the Convention Center. Sims followed and thrust Beams identification into his hand. Two uniformed Waco cops followed Louis out to his car and recorded his license number; a Waco police car followed him around town.
On March 18, Louis returned to the government press conference. Sergeant Sims and two troopers from the Texas Department of Public Safety who denied Beam entrance to the press conference. When Louis insisted to be admitted, he was arrested and charged with "Criminal Trespass," a misdemeanor under Texas state law. Handcuffing Beam, the officers hustled him away from the media; once in back Sims told the DPS troopers: "Don’t let him near the media, he has a bad habit of talking!" Beam was released several hours later on a personal recognizance bond.
I-------------------------------------------------------1
THE BALANCE is a newsletter published by CAUSE FOUNDATION, a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international human-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editor-al and submission inquires should be sent to Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711. Not responsible for unsolicited materials.
I_______________________________________________________J
5
A complaint filed on April 1, accuses the United States, City of Waco, FBI SA Robert Ricks, SA Steve Swenson, BATF SA Dan Conroy, and Sims of violations of 42 USC §§1983,1985 (3), 1986, and 1988 of the Civil Rights Act and constitutional violations of freedoms of speech, the press, and association. In addition, the complaint alleges state tort claims of false arrest, malicious prosecution, abuse of process, prior restraint of the press, and unlawful search and seizure.
At the time of this writing, two months later, Beam still has not been charged with the crime.
METZGER APPEAL DENIED
PORTLAND, OR- Tom and John Metzger’s appeal of the $ 12.5-million judgement for vicarious liability won by Morris Dees and the Southern Poverty Law Center was denied by the Oregon Court of Appeals.
The basis of the denial was many of the points of error brought up in the appeal were not raised at trial and therefore, as a matter of law, were waived forever.
The Metzgers acted as their own attorney since Dees and the SPLC had persuaded the Judge to lien Metzger’s property, preventing him from getting a loan and hiring an attorney to represent them. Since Tom Metzger isn’t a lawyer, he made many legal mistakes that the million dollar counsels from the SPLC were quick to capitalize on. Now the Oregon Court of Appeals holds the neophyte Metzgers to the same standard of practice as licensed attorneys.
"Michael Null did an excellent job and I’m quite pleased with his representation." said Tom Metzger. Null spent about $60,000.00 on the case, of which about $10,000.00 had been raised by supporters, leaving Tom and John with a $50,000.00 legal bill.
An Petition for Review to the Oregon Supreme Court is planned. It is not known at this time who the attorney for the Petition will be but CAUSE has agreed to do the legal work.
ADL SPY NETWORK UNRAVELS
Jewish Group, Police and Feds Caught with Hands in Cookie Jar.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA- A massive national spy network run by the Anti-Defamation League of the B’nai B’rith (ADL) with support from law enforcement agencies and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has been uncovered in San Francisco.
While it has been known for some time that the ADL received support from law enforcement agencies to "monitor hate crimes," the extent of the network and illegal invasions of privacy is staggering. "The ADL has an intelligence oiganization that rivals the IRS," said one observer.
A small group of undercover operatives throughout the nation were being paid by the ADL to spy on pro-Palestinian, black nationalists and white supremacists. The
operatives relied on local police and sheriff’s deputies to provide access to confidential law enforcement and motor vehicle information, in violation of national privacy and most state criminal laws.
The spy network came to light when the San Francisco police department began investigating the activities of ex-officer Tom Gerrard and paid ADL informant Roy Bullock. "This Gerrard-Bullock thing is the tip of the icebeig— this is going on nationwide." said an SFPD official. Investigators examining evidence in the case already have discovered files from over 20 other law enforcement agencies in California alone and one federal agency (CIA).
Gerrard is a former CIA case officer who went to work for the Criminal Investigation Division of the SFPD. Gerrard fled to the Philippines after being interviewed by the FBI but left behind a brief case full of evidence in his police locker. Its contents included numerous passports, driver’s licenses and identification cards in ten different names; identification cards in his own name for four American embassies in Central America, a collection military documents and blank stationary from various federal agencies. This material could only have been supplied by the Central Intelligence Agency or the Mossad.
The ADL acknowledges collecting and disseminating information on individuals and organizations but claims such surveillance is legal and consistent with its mission:	to
counteract all facets of bigotry and prejudice.
A San Diego sheriffs detective responsible for investigating Tom Metzger has been linked to the spy network after the FBI raided the ADLs offices in San Francisco. The detective had even been sent to Israel on a "working mission" to train with the Mossad in May of 199L In a 1991 bestseller about the Mossad, By Way of Deception, Levi Ostrovsky, a former agent, said that Mossad only has about two dozen agents because Mossad relies upon Jews living in countries in which it operates to supply logistical support. For instance, if Mossad needs surveillance vehicles, they have a network of Sayanimy or Jewish citizens who will provide them rental cars or personal vehicles.
CAUSE Foundation’s investigation in the case has already uncovered information on Canadian publisher Ernst Ziindel and Fred Leuchter. If any readers suspect that they may be in the ADL/SFPD computer files, they may write to:
San Francisco Police Department
850 Bryant Street, Room 558
Attn: Sandi Bargioni
San Francisco, CA 94103
j---------------------------------------------------------1
Copies of The Balance are free upon request.
A year's subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 Foreign.
All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance.
P. 0. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711. __________________________________________________________I
6
Davidian Raid, Con*t
That Saturday, March 13, FBI chief spokesman Bob Ricks telephoned Gary Coker at his office. Under pressure from William Sessions, FBI Director, Ricks complained to Coker about the lawyers "tampering with my control here." Ricks stated "I’m a lawyer and I know what these people’s (Davidians) rights are." When Coker asked him "what about the Constitution of the United States," Ricks shouted "if you use that word again I’m going to hang up!"
The following morning, March 12, CAUSE attorneys and criminal lawyers met again at Coker’s office concerning legal strategy. It was agreed that two more applications for Habeas Corpus would be filed before Judge Smith could rule on the previous two. That afternoon, Dave Hollaway bolted for the US District Court to file another barrage of legal documents on behalf of the Branch Davidians. Judge Walter Smith denied all of the Habeas Corpus motions and likewise ordered the information contained in the government’s response sealed. More family members from England and Australia called CAUSE for legal help.
On Tuesday, March 16, the Lawyer’s Response Committee met at Gary Coker’s and discussed the possibility of an appeal to the 5th Circuit in New Orleans, LA. Kirk Lyons and Dave Hollaway, low on logistics (as usual), decided to return to Black Mountain. "We had done all we could up to that point" said Lyons. "It was felt that we could do all we were doing back at our office."
Returning to Black Mountain on Wednesday, March 16, CAUSE began work on combating the suppression of Paul Hall and The Jubilee, a Christian newspaper which was being excluded from the daily government press conference. The government excluded The Jubilee after independent reporter Louis Beam asked Daniel Conroy, Assistant BATF Director, if the actions of his agency were the harbinger of a federal police state in the US. When Beam returned to the press conference on March 18, he was arrested for "criminal trespass" (see related story).
March 29 found Kirk Lyons back in Waco, filing a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of The Jubilee. On April 4, another war council was held with Dick DeGuerin concerning his entry into the Branch Davidian church on the previous day. DeGuerin had finally convinced the feds to allow him inside without being recorded. DeGuerin met with David Koresh and Steve Schneider who related the following facts:
On the morning of the initial raid, the BATF roared up to the front of the church, jumped off their trucks, and began firing;
Several elderly Davidians were asleep upstairs when a helicopter flew over and sprayed automatic fire through the roof, killing two of them in their beds;
Peter Ghent was shot in the water tank and the feds refused permission to recover him
after they themselves had been allowed by the Davidians to recover the federal dead and wounded;
David Koresh stated that he had been wounded initially when he ran to the door shouting "stop, there’s women and children in here!" He was again wounded more seriously when shot by a BATF agent who had entered upstairs and had been wounded himself in the initial assault.
After his meeting with Koresh and the Davidians, DeGuerin was very upbeat about a peaceful resolution to the conflict. "Fight ’em anyway you can," said DeGuerin to Lyons, "they (BATF) fired first, beyond a shadow of a doubt."
When Lyons returned to Black Mountain, we continued to line up attorneys with potential defendants. "It would have been the laigest criminal trial in Texas, if not the country." said Lyons. Gary Coker opined that there probably wouldn’t be enough lawyers in the Waco federal bar to be appointed to the case.
As the siege dragged on into its sixth week, Koresh was making arrangements with Dick DeGuerin to come out. All the attorneys involved were confident that they would, despite the loss of life, be able to ram the case down the government’s throat.
Koresh agreed to surrender and stand trial after he finished writing a religious manuscript on the seven seals as contained in Revelations. FBI agents Bob Ricks and Jeff Jamar told DeGuerin that "we have the time it takes, if he’ll come out." DeGuerin assured the FBI that Koresh would come out in about a week. On Sunday, April 18, a box of typewriter ribbons was delivered to the church door by a Bradley infantry fighting vehicle to speed up the writing. "They were working day and night over it." said Dick DeGuerin, Koresh and the Davidians were looking forward to ending the siege peacefully. The government had other plans.
Behind the scenes, the new US Attorney General, Janet Reno, was plotting with the highest levels of the new Clinton administration to break the deadlock. FBI agents Jamar, Ricks, and BATF Assistant Director Dan Conroy were fayping up Reno with stories that Koresh was torturing babies. "We had information that the babies were being beaten. I asked specifically 'do you really mean babies?’ Yes, that he’s slapping the babies around." said Reno. It would later surface that the allegations of child abuse were over a year old, had been investigated by state authorities, and the charges had been found baseless.
After consulting with President Bill Clinton, Reno ordered the FBI to end the siege; one of the options discussed was to de-escalate the presence of force, but "we had a job to do, to restore order in a situation were law enforcement officers had been killed." as one FBI senior official was quoted.
7
Presidential spokesman George Stephanopoulos said "It is very clear that those children were being abused, that they were being held against their will... Protecting the kids was the ultimate rationale for moving in."
However, the primary reason for ending the siege was the fatigue of the federal agents at the scene. Senior FBI officials stated it was the fear that trained negotiators were getting too tired to function effectively and that there were no specially-trained agents to replace them. Moreover, the Hostage Rescue Team snipers (who killed Vicki Weaver) were too tired to shoot effectively. 'Those guys can kit a dime at 200 yards; they were too tired to aim effectively." (Ed. note: Horiuchi claims he missed and hit Vicki Weaver by accident after being on the scene less than 48 hours).
So, after Koresh and the FBI struck a bargain for his surrender after the writing on the Seven Seals, the FBI, under orders from Reno, reneged. 4 a.m. brought a call from the FBI telling Steve Schneider, Koresh’s right hand man, to surrender or else. Betrayed, Schneider angrily threw the telephone out the window. At 5 a.m., April 19, Patriot’s Day, 51 days after the abortive ATF raid, government tanks, armored personnel carriers, helicopters, and federal agents lumbered forward to save the children.
Armored vehicles began crashing through the walls of the church, injecting CS, a highly potent tear gas. CS was recently banned for military use by international agreement and thus was forbidden for use against the armed forces of Saddam Hussein in Desert Storm. Also, experts have postulated that, in very high concentrations, crystalline CS may form an incendiary catalyst.
For six hours, the heavy vehicles battered holes in the fragile frame structure, pouring in volumes of the CS gas. About 11 a.m., the rear of the church structurally failed and collapsed completely, cutting off any exits from the rear. Squads of trained snipers were concealed in the underbrush and heavy tanks roared around outside; a thirty mile-per-hour Texas spring wind whipped the dust clouds away. A few minutes latter, smoke was scene coming from the upwind side of the church, followed shortly by flames. Fanned by the stiff winds and fueled by the tinder-box construction of the building, the entire world watched in horror as the fire spread the length of the structure within minutes. Though the fire lasted some 45 minutes, for those trapped inside, it was quickly over. 89 people were incinerated, including 17 children. None of the alleged abused babies were saved.
The FBI had neglected to have fire-fighting apparatus at the scene in case of fire. Moreover, by their own admission, the FBI did not summon fire assistance until 10 minutes after the fire had started. By then it was too late for anyone inside. One woman, fled the building completely ablaze; eight others escaped by jumping out of windows. The fire trucks arrived at the scene, but were held back by the government for an additional thirty minutes, for rear that they "would be endangered by the gunfire coming from the compound." Fire experts have speculated that none could have survived more the a few minutes in the inferno. Media
sources captured BATF agents giving each other "high-fives" and one was quoted as saying "now there’s a real Texas barbecue."
From here it would seem that the story is just about over; however, it is only beginning. Immediately, the FBI claimed that the fire was a result of a "mass-suicide" and one of the escaping Davidians told them they (Davidians) had "doused themselves with lantern fuel." The FBI also claims to have infrared videos showing the Ere starting in several places at once. However, a nurse from the burn unit at Parkland Hospital in Dallas, Texas was interviewed on television and said that she had been told to be prepared for multiple burn victims by the BATF the night before.
To appear fair and impartial, the government brought in an independent fire investigator do ascertain the cause of the blaze. In what must have been the quickest arson investigation in history (one day), the expert for the government concluded that, true to the governments position, the Davidians set the fire themselves. A few days later, however, it was discovered that the "independent" investigator had worked for the BATF for over ten years and his wife was a secretary for the Houston BATF office.
In an interview with David Thibodeau from the McLennan County Jail, Thibodeau told Dave Hollaway that the heavy armored vehicles had been battering in the walls of the structure all day. Moreover, parts of the ceiling began to collapse and a table with a kerosene lantern or heater fell through to the ground floor. The Davidians had placed bales of hay in all of the shot-out windows to keep out the cold and FBI sniper fire (Koresh and the Davidians were well aware of the HRT and what happened to Vicki Weaver). The bursting lantern set fire to the hay, producing volumes of dense, acrid smoke. Most of the Davidians were clustered in small groups in the center of the structure to keep the walls from crushing them while the tanks battered at their building. The exits cutoff from the rear by the structural collapse, only nine were able to escape the rapidly expanding inferno.
At the time of this writing, there have been no illegal weapons found in the remains of the church property. David Koresh’s body was recovered from the wreckage on April 22. Mysteriously, he had been killed by a single bullet entering through his forehead, blowing apart his skull. It took a team of anthropologists two weeks to reconstruct the skull and identify Koresh. Many of the Davidians will never be identified.
CAUSE Foundation is currently representing Oliver Gyarfas, 19, an Australian citizen who came out of the surrounded church several weeks before the final federal assault. Gyarfas is being held as a material witness; his sister Aisha and her one year old daughter Startle, were consumed in the holocaust. Aisha was eight months pregnant at the time of her death. CAUSE also will be shortly filing a barrage of civil rights suits on behalf of surviving Branch Davidians or the relatives of those who perished in the flames. An $18-million lawsuit has already been filed against the government in this case.
8
Weaver, Con*!.
Before the shooting started, Randy Weaver, who had separated from Harris and Sam, ran into one of the camouflaged marshals, and fled back to the cabin, escaping.
After the smoke cleared, the US Marshals realized that they were in serious trouble. William F. Degan, their colleague, was shot through the chest and had died. A child was dead along with the child’s dog, both shot in the back. The marshals realized that these deaths were, in fact, totally attributable to their violation of orders against confrontation and the admonition not to injure any of the Weaver children under any circumstances.
Moreover, Degan’s death occurred under circumstances that are still in serious doubt, for although Kevin Harris thought he killed Degan in the melee attempting to defend Sam Weaver and himself, the agents knew that the circumstances surrounding Degem’s death would soon be fully investigated, and that the results might well establish that the officers themselves, not Harris, had killed Degan dining their wild and irresponsible gunfire. The marshals had no warrant for either Harris or the boy (who was no larger than the average ten-year-old, 80 lbs). The marshals, now responsible for the deaths of two people, while Randy Weaver himself, had escaped, began to consider how to coverup their fiasco.
After Degan and Sam Weaver were shot, Kevin Harris returned to the Weaver cabin. Randy had arrived before Harris. By this time no one from the Weaver household were within half a mile of the marshals. The landscape is such that hills and dense vegetation intervene between the "Y" where the marshals hid and the Weaver cabin. Yet the marshals now began to act as if they were under siege. By this time Marshals Hunt, Thomas and Norris arrived at the "Y." Now all the marshals were soon to claim that they were "pinned down in a firefight."
Despite the supposed rain of gunfire that "pinned them down," Hunt and Thomas travelled down the hill to the Rau residence without incident. While the marshals were telling the world that they were under siege, Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris had located Sam’s body and carried it back to the cabin. There, while the marshals were supposedly "pinned down by fire" for twelve hours until rescued by a SWAT team, the Weavers, stricken with grief, prepared Sam’s body for burial.
In the meantime, the marshals began to spread a false story concerning the incident, a story that would result in the infamous standoff at Ruby Creek, the death of Vicki Weaver, and the wounding of Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris. Marshal Hunt called the sheriffs office and made several other calls, including calls the to the US Marshal’s Office. He told Mrs. Rau that the marshals had been ambushed, fired upon, and that they themselves had not fired back. Hunt told the sheriffs and his own office that the other marshals were "pinned down" by gunfire from the Weaver cabin.
The killing of Sam Weaver and his dog was completely omitted from the marshals’ report to the FBI. They acted, instead, as if they did not know the killing had taken place, later claiming that they did not know that Sam had been shot or who shot him. Yet the boy had screamed out when he was hit and lay on the ground in a pool of his own blood until his body was removed by Randy and Kevin. In fact, law enforcement officials tested the ground for blood in the area where the child’s body had lain.
The Washington, DC office of the US Marshals called in the FBI. This office conveyed the same false story relayed to them by Hunt— that the marshals were currently pinned down by fire and under siege, and that a US Deputy Marshal had been murdered. The FBI mobilized, calling in their crack, but misnamed, Hostage Rescue Teams (HRTs) from around the nation. They deployed snipers. They called in the National Guard. Armored personnel carriers were sent to Ruby Creek. Hundreds of federal agents from Spokane, Salt Lake City, and Washington, DC began to arrive at the scene. Two large air force transport aircraft brought in equipment of all kinds, helicopters, radio and TV equipment, an armed robot, and hordes of other equipment. What a few hours before had been a peaceful little mountain home was, overnight, literally turned into a war zone, with hundreds of camouflaged, heavily-armed men, armored vehicles, and other war equipment.
Based upon the false information given to them by the marshals, heads of the FBI teams now briefed their snipers that this was a continuing firefight, even though a full twenty-four hours had elapsed since the original shootings.
At the time of the shooting, Vicki Weaver was in the house with the other children and her baby. But the marshals told the FBI, and the FBI told its snipers, that the real force behind the Weavers was Vicki Weaver herself. She was the fanatical one, the religious zealot who might kill the children and herself. Allegedly, the Weavers embraced the precepts of Christian Identity and attended the Aryan Nations church, an organization of so-called right-wing religious radicals who taught white supremacy. Before the briefing was over, the Weavers were characterized as "skin-head" types led by the fanatical Vicki, who, unless somehow neutralized, would prevent the other members of the family from surrendering.
Today, the FBI claims it was never told by the marshals of Sam Weaver’s death, and that the first time the FBI learned of Sam’s death was when one of the FBI agents found his naked body in a shed. When informed of the discovery, Special Agent Lanceley, the hostage negotiator for the FBI, testified that he immediately thought, "My God, the Weavers are killing their own childrenr
At that time however, the story relayed to the FBI and thereafter by the FBI to the media was simple, to the point and again false: The marshals had been attacked by the Weaver clan, and that these religious-crazed white supremacists had killed Marshal William F. Degan, and the other marshals were under siege and pinned down by fire from the Weaver cabin. Moreover, the FBI told the media
9
that the Weaver children themselves were being held hostage and being used by their parents as "human shields."
On the way to the siege site, the FBI established what are known in military parlance as "Rules of Engagement," that is, rules by which the FBI snipers and assaulters might kill the Weavers and Kevin Harris. These rules were intended, by their operation, to eliminate all of the adults at the Weaver cabin, including Vicki Weaver, for as the FBI already knew, when any of the adult Weavers came out of the house they usually carried a weapon and would, therefore, under these Rules of Engagement, be shot. Under these rules the FBI could eliminate all witnesses who might have otherwise given testimony as to the illegal acts committed by the marshals at the "Y." At the same time, the killing of all of the adults would, of course, avenge the death of Degan.
Richard Rogers, commander of the HRT, testified that the FBFs Rules of Engagement were that any armed adult at the Weaver residence should be killed whether they were menacing anyone or not. For example, if an adult came out with a weapon, presumably even a BB gun, that adult should be "neutralized." Indeed, the mere possession of a weapon of any kind was sufficient under these rules for any adult at the scene to the "eliminated." These Rules of Engagement were illegal since the FBI possesses no power to change the law in order to permit agents to kill when the agents or others are not in eminent danger of death or serious bodily injury.
These illegal Rules of Engagement were to be executed by expert snipers of the HRT who surrounded the house and who were armed with Remington 700 BDL sniper rifles, equipped with ten power military automatic ranging telescopes, especially designed for precision shooting at great distances, up to 1,000 yards.
When the FBI teams arrived at the scene, the marshals were obviously not under siege. The local sheriff had gone to the "Y" and led the marshals out without incident. Yet the FBI made no attempt at independent inquiry on their own to determine the existence of any danger to anyone before the FBI loosed their snipers on the Weavers. Nor did the FBI make an attempt to independently determine what had actually occurred at the "Y" before they decided to shoot the Weavers. No effort of any kind was made to set up communications with the Weavers before the snipers opened fire. Instead, the FBI, nearly ignorant of the facts, adopted the position of the US Marshals, that the Weavers were fanatics who would kill any federal officer who came in contact with them, their own children and themselves as well, that none would surrender unless Vicki were eliminated, and that this was a continuing firefight.
Now, according to Lon T. Horiuchi, HRT sniper who killed Vicki, the snipers established their own strategies to kill all of the adults. They decided that if any adults came out of the cabin, they would wait until all of the adults came out before opening fire. That way they could kill them all. Unfortunately, on the evening of August 22, 1992, a full day after the deaths of Sam Weaver and William Degan, the
Weavers and Kevin Harris gave Horiuchi and his crack assassins their chance.
As the sun began to set, Sara Weaver, 16, accompanied by Randy and Kevin, decided to have one last look at Sam Weaver before he was buried. The walked out the front door of the cabin and headed for the shed where Sam’s body lay.
Across the way, Sierra 4, an expert sniper team consisting of Lon T. Horiuchi and Dale Monroe, were set up at about 200 yards, unbeknownst to the Weavers. Horiuchi said he saw the three come out of the cabin. He did not realize the female was young Sara, but Horiuchi said he saw no weapon in her hands. He was zeroed in on Harris, whom he says he recognized from his size, although the snipers had also been provided pictures of all three adults.
Randy Weaver could not possibly be confused with Harris if the snipers were attempting to discriminate between parties rather than setting out to kill them all. Horiuchi claims that even though he was observing through his ten power scope at only two hundred yards, he mistook Weaver for Harris; he had such an accurate view through his scope that he was able to see his own bullet smash into the shed. As Randy reached up to open the door, Horiuchi fired without warning. The bullet traversed the soft flesh of Randy’s upper arm.
When Horiuchi opened fire, Sara, Randy and Kevin ran for the cabin. Horiuchi testified he followed Harris in his scope and it was Harris bringing up the rear. The fanatical taiget Vicki Weaver ran and opened the door for her family to take cover, nursing Elisheba cradled in her arms. The door had a window in it and Vicki was clearly visible to Horiuchi through his ten-power scope. When Vicki stood holding the door open, her head in plain sight, he shot Vicki who was an easy taiget. Horiuchi now claims he shot Vicki by mistake while shooting at Harris. But the mortal wounds of Vicki show that the bullet entered Vicki’s head first, at the cheek, went though the mouth and tongue, blew apart the jaw bone, and severed the carotid artery, and if indeed, the same bullet hit Kevin Harris, it hit him secondarily. Vicki screamed and continued to scream (she could be heard by Horiuchi 200 yards away) until, after a few minutes, she bled to death in front of her family in a kneeling position on the floor. She died with baby Elisheba still in her arms.
Kevin Harris suffered massive wounds in the arm and chest cavity. The number of shots fired by Horiuchi is in serious question. Horiuchi claims he fired only twice and that the third shot heard by other snipers "might have been an echo." So in quick moment, Lon Horiuchi nearly accomplished the goals of the FBI’s Rules of Engagement: eliminate all the adults at the Weaver cabin; he certainly had hit all three, killing one.
The FBI now faced a serious problem. They had killed an unarmed mother standing at the door with a baby in her arms. They had no warrant for Vicki and were not likely to get one. Moreover, the FBI now discovered that the fanatical leader, Vicki, had not been involved in the shoot out at the "Y." It appears, therefore, that after Vicki was
10
shot, the FBI realized that they had no legal or moral justification for having killed her. Since they had no right to shoot her, the FBI had no alternative but to later claim that her death was an accident. In the meantime, federal authorities at Ruby Creek pretended that did not know they had killed a second member of the Weaver family.
As for Harris, the FBI told the press that they had shot at Harris because Harris was trying to shoot down a helicopter. But the helicopter pilot himself testified that he stayed well out of range when he flew in the vicinity. Moreover, eight other snipers similarly situated to Horiuchi did not feel that a helicopter was in danger and thus did not fire. Indeed, Horiuchi testified that he didn't know where the helicopter was when he fired at Harris or that he had any idea how the purported helicopter could be in danger when Harris was running for his life to the cabin with his back to Horiuchi.
Unless the FBI Rules of Engagement were illegal (which they were), Horiuchi needed no excuse for having shot Harris. The Rules permitted the snipers, in the so-called continuing firefight, to shoot on sight any armed adult and Harris was armed. Therefore, the FBI could argue that killing an armed subject on sight would be justified. But by the time the agents appeared before the Grand Jury, the FBI had abandoned the illegal Rules of Engagement as a basis for the shooting of Harris and killing of Vicki and now attempted to make their shootings comport to law— namely, that the shootings had been necessary to protect innocent persons in eminent danger. Horiuchi testified, 'At this time I decided I needed to shoot that individual to protect the individuals in the helicopter ." Not a single shot was ever fired by anyone from the Weaver cabin.
In his testimony to the Grand Jury, Horiuchi further attempted to distance his actions from the illegal Rules and sought to establish another legally justifiable reason why he might have shot at Harris (but killed Vicki). He suggested that perhaps the armored personnel carriers were on their way up and the Weavers might have been able to shoot into the carriers when the rear hatches or ramps were opened. The carriers were not present at the time of the shooting and did not arrive until the next day.
Lon T. Horiuchi, an expert marksman and team leader, armed with a precision sniper rifle and scope, now claims that both of his shots hit persons he did not intend to hit. Vicki’s slaying was now supposedly accidental and Randy Weaver was supposedly shot when Horiuchi accidently mistook Weaver for Harris. Harris, too, was supposedly hit by fragments of the bullet that went through Vicki’s head. Young Sam Weaver’s death was also attributable to an accident. By the time the federal agents were called before the Grand Jury every person shot or killed had been shot by accident.
Other interesting testimony has emerged in the case. Ronald Howen, the Assistant US Attorney who "has made a career out of prosecuting white supremacists," and prosecutor in trial, was at the FBI command post on seven separate occasions directing the action. Howen authorized the implantation of listening devices in the Weaver cabin.
One of the pistols confiscated as evidence from the Weaver cabin was "misplaced" for months and turned up in an FBI office in Salt Lake City, UT.
Deputy Marshall Cooper (with the dog-killing silenced machine gun) testified at trial that he was ten feet from Degan when Harris killed him and that Harris fired the first shot and Degan "never fired or had a chance." However, trial evidence showed that when Degan was found, his M16A2 was on semi-automatic, seven rounds were missing from the magazine and the spent casing were located next to where Degan lay.
Karl Richins, a probation officer, testified that when it became evident that he had sent Randy Weaver a letter notifying Weaver of his proposed trial date, and the date was wrong, he was taken off of Weaver’s case and told not to correct the mistake. Weaver’s trial on the original weapons charges was scheduled for February, 1991, but his notification letter had the trial date as March 20, 199L When Weaver didn’t show up for trial, Howen went before the Grand Jury on March 14, six days before the purported trial date in the official letter, and received an indictment for Randy, making him a fugitive from justice and setting up the events for the standoff at Ruby Creek.
The US Marshal’s Threat Assessment on Randy Weaver contained allegations that Randy was growing marijuana, was involved in bank robbery, had large caliber guns mounted on tripods, had tunnels under his "compound," excavated fortifications, blackout curtains, and would patrol the "perimeter" with his dog looking for federal agents to shoot. Moreover, the marshals alleged the Randy and Vicki had threatened the President of the United States. Each of these allegations were shown to be untrue at trial.
The BATF and the Idaho Air National Guard had, in addition to the real-time remote satellite cameras installed around the Weaver cabin, been making routine high-altitude aerial photo-reconnaissance missions over their property.
The Boundary County Sheriff told the US Marshal Special Operations Group that he didn’t think that Randy Weaver was as near dangerous as the marshals were trying to make him appear to be.
AUSA Howen decided that the marshals wouldn’t be able to negotiate a surrender with Weaver (before the Degan killing) and therefore disapproved all efforts to negotiate with Weaver except through his attorney, Evertt Hofmeister, who had no contact with Weaver. Marshal Hunt then decided to push Randy Weaver to the edge of confrontation and to keep up psychological pressure on Randy to see if he would fire on federal agents. Tony Perez, head of the US Marshal’s Service in Washington, DC supported this option and stated he would furnish money and manpower.
Kevin Harris and Randy Weaver are being held in the Ada County Jail in Boise, ID. An order is posted at the entrance control point to detain CAUSE Foundation Director Kirk Lyons if he attempts to see Randy or Kevin by order of the US Marshal’s Service. There is a total nationwide media blackout on the Weaver/Harris trial.
11
WEAVER TAPE, WRITE US.
If any of our supporters have requested and paid for a Ruby Creek Massacre video tape but did not receive one, please write us. The producer of the tape had problems with a shipment of about 1,500 tapes and was not able to fill all the orders we gave him. Please contact us if you still haven’t received your tape.
BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM!
The past two months have seen some extraordinary events, indeed the past year. When the HRT snipers killed Vicki Weaver, we thought we had seen just about everything the government would do. However, keeping an open mind, a prediction was made that we would see another major governmental abuse of power six months from the Weaver siege; we were wrong: It was six months and six days! The Weaver siege started on August 22, 1992; the Davidian siege started on February 28, 1993.
Here at CAUSE we have received a few (not many) calls and letters questioning and sometimes challenging our involvement in the Branch Davidian case. One supporter wrote:
I’m not giving you one cent for David Koresh. Haven’t you got more important issues like immigration, taxes, etc.
Let me tell you, if we don’t challenge the government on their actions in the Branch Davidian siege, and win, then free people in this nation won’t even be able to say immigration without fear of having a tank burst through their children’s bedroom wall.
The Branch Davidian case is nothing more than a Weaver case writ laige. The actions of the government are indicative of a pattern to stamp out all resistance to its acts and edicts. First, they have started with fringe elements like Aryan Nations, the Weavers (Identity Christians) and now Branch Davidians. Anyone who wants to separate themselves from society or the New World Order can look forward to a 100 man infantry assault from some federal agency.
In a cause of this magnitude, it is not important who the person under siege may be; it is the acts of the government against this person which are at issue. We received numerous calls from Christian Identity groups who, being similarly situated to the Branch Davidians, found the armed attack on the Davidian church quite disconcerting.
Civil rights are the limiting of the government’s power to infringe on the liberties of the citizens. Our government is supposed to be government by the consent of the governed. If there is to be any freedom left in our nation, we cannot allow the crushing of women and children by armored vehicles, their gassing and burning, to go unchallenged!
Therefore, we are locked in mortal combat with the government over the deaths of the Branch Davidians. Vicki Weaver’s homicide was a prelude to the greater holocaust of
Koresh and the Davidians. We are committed to the attack and on the offensive! The best way to prevent the next government atrocity is to slam the door on them legally. Since Bill Clinton and Janet Reno were personally involved in the decision to send in the tanks, they are personally liable for the deaths.
As you are reading this, we are filing multitudes of suits in this case. We don’t have the money, but we don’t have any choice. Kirk Lyons has already invested thousands in the Waco case (on credit cards). We have hired an independent pathologist to examine the remains; an independent arson investigator (who doesn’t work for the BATF) and an independent weapons expert are costing us several additional thousand dollars. In fact, each trip to Waco costs between $1,000 - $1,500.00.
A state of total legal warfare between us and the government has been declared on both sides. Right now, the enemy is totally on the defensive, despite what media polls say. When a state of total war exists, then the population must sacrifice like never before. Never before in our short existence has it been as necessary for us to call upon every person who reads these words to send every cent they can spare and every cent they can’t spare!
Any government that can sanction the wholesale destruction of innocent women and children isn’t a government by the consent of the governed. CAUSE is the only oiganized resistance to the government atrocity. We are the ones that went to Waco and organized the high-profile lawyers to combat the government siege. As we watched the church and its members burn, we couldn’t help but have the sickening feeling: "If only we had more money, we could have kept the pressure up against the government and prevented this.” Instead, we had to come home.
Koresh and his followers had the courage of their convictions to resist the armed invasion of their home and many gave their lives in the defense. All we’re asking is that you financially support us so that the senseless, but calculated deaths of Vicki and Sam Weaver and little one-year old Star Gyarfas won’t go unavenged; their ashes cry out for us to avenge them! Please answer our battle cry for freedom, send your contribution today— on to Victory!
A National Anthem
Oh, thus be it ever when free men shall stand Between their loved ones and the war’s desolation!
Blessed with victory and peace, may the heav’n rescued land Praise the Power that hath made and preserved us a nation! Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just,
And this be our motto: "In God is our trust!"
And the Star Spangled Banner in triumph shall wave O’er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
12
C. A.
Canada, Australia,
Unit*
S. E.
nited States, South Africa, Europe
Figftting	for your rights.
Donate today!
MOTTO OF CAUSE FOUNDATION
FIAT JUSTITIA RUAT CiELUM Let justice be done though the heavens fall
There are so many worthy causes crying out for justice. Don’t make us turn them down simply because we cannot afford to help. Since we are a small organization with limited funding, every donation is important. Large or small, they all keep our work going forward. Everyone can help, even the many prisoners who have asked what they can do are welcomed to send stamps to cover mailing or subscription expenses. It is amazing that those who have the least means manage to send something. Won’t you consider becomimg one of the faithful few who contribute regularly? The contribution you make may be the one that tips the balance in our favor.