
A Newsl
r of
ivil Rights
nd Curren
Spring, 1996
D.M.A. Hollaway, Editor
Vol7,No.l
It was nearly one year ago at the time of this writing. Associate Director Dave Hollaway was at Mount Carmel, attending the second anniversary of the fire that took 76 lives, including 19 children. He was standing in the early spring drizzle, talking with Dr. Rodney Crowe, the forensic dentist that helped in the exhumation and identification of the Davidian fire victims. Suddenly, the heretofore ho-hum media circus lit up like a Roman candle: “Mr. Hollaway, what is your comment on the bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City?” “Do you think your clients (the Davidians) had anything to do with it?” As he stood looking at the video feed of the bombing and trying to comprehend the reporter from CNN, a question began to beat in his brain like a hammer: “Have I heard from the Oklahoma City (OKC) bombers?"
The day before, on April 18,1995, the phone rang at CAUSE Foundation’s headquarters in Black Mountain, North Carolina. Hollaway was getting ready to leave for the airport for his trip to Waco. Answering the phone, a young male voice told Hollaway that he (the caller) was a “Patriot” and wanted to talk about the Waco litigation. During the conversation, the man, who did not identify himself, said that the government would triumph over the Davidians again in Court. That “these people” need to be sent a “clear and convincing message” that “they will understands”. yollaway cut the man off, saying “You’re dange^aisly <jfo4e to- the edge of your First Amendment rights ...” And saying that it’s possible, but not probable, the FBI is monitoring phone conversations or recording numbers caltetaolhe CAUSE office. “It’s not a smart thing to call people\ou don’t know and tell them you may contemplate an act of violence,” he told the caller, “even if you don’t mean it^yo^cbuld be charged with conspiracy.”	W	^
After returning from Waco, Hollaway began to think about the call. “Have these guys (the bombers) called?”
Ura Bomber Continued on Page 2
TJRA-
BOMBER’
CAUSE
FOILS
FEDERAL
FRAME-UP
s
Case Transferred To Western District
WAKE UP FOR WACO
In the sleepy town on the Texas prairie, the incident that put Waco on the map has again landed in their midst. Relatives and survivors of the botched BATF raid and its tragic aftermath will have their day in court in Waco instead of Houston.
U.S. District Court Judge Nancy F. Atlas has ruled that the case properly belongs in the Western District of Texas and before Judge Walter S. Smith, Jr. CAUSE and Davidian lawyers had argued that the case should be held in the Southern District, in Houston. That’s where most of the critical decisions had been made concerning the raid. They also argued that a change of venue was required because of the stigma the Davidians suffered in Waco as a result of FBI propaganda.
However, Atlas ruled that venue was proper in Waco. That is where Mount Carmel was located when the raid took place and that was the residence of those killed in that raid and the FBI final assault on April 19,1993.
Another concern voiced by Davidian lawyers was the impartiality of Judge Smith, who presided over the criminal trials. “Personally, I don’t have that much of a problem with trying the case in toe Western district,” said Kirk Lyons, lead attorney in the case. However, Lyons is cautious about praising Judge Smith. “He made some pretty drastic rulings in the criminal trial.”
Those controversial rulings and enhanced sentences handed out to some Davidians in the criminal trial are under review by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans. The Davidian appeal has been argued and a decision by toe appeals court is due any day. “I feel good about the panel we had at the appeal,” said one of the Davidian criminal lawyers.
An overturn of the criminal convictions would be of V	Waco	Wake	Up Continued on Page 2
1
_____ Waco Wake Up Continued from Page 1 immense help in the civil litigation and the appeal is being monitored closely by Davidian civil attorneys.
“The Davidians will have their day to put the government on trial, no matter where the trial is held,” said Lyons.
In related developments, the “missing door” from the front of Mount Carmel was found by a foreign television crew and a Texas Ranger at the site. This is the door which the government investigators said “burned up in the fire." The door, behind which David Koresh stood on February 28,1993 as the BATF charged his church, would have proved conclusively that the BATF fired first.
The door was found on the edge of the Mount Carmel property and had to have been moved by the government in the aftermath of the fire. “It’s a mystery to me why they didn’t either destroy it or take it with them ..." said attorney Kirk Lyons, “we’ll see how they explain this in court.”
Lyons and Associate Director D.M.A. Hollaway will be present for a third anniversary of the Fire at the Mount Carmel site>
—...-............  Ura	Bomber	Continued	from Page 1
“Does the FBI know or will they find out in their investigation?" “Should I call them (FBI) or will they call me first?” “What does the bombing do to the Waco case?” These are the questions that continued to rack Hollaway’s brain for the next 48 hours. After thinking about the matter carefully, Hollaway decided to call the FBI. “They had enough false clues without me giving them any more" said Hollaway about the decision. “Moreover, it occurred to me that it would be better to be on record as having contacted them first so there could be no accusations that we were covering for the bombers should it come out later.” “We don’t call the FBI every time someone calls us and says they want to
kill a congressman or overthrow the government___ If we
did, we'd have to install a hotline to Washington” mused Hollaway.
At first the agent who took the initial call wasn’t very impressed, but about a month later into the investigation, the FBI called back for an interview. “I retold them the substance of the call and the agent confirmed that ‘one of the suspects’ had called CAUSE." After the FBI called back, that was the end of it. Nothing more was heard about OKCBOMB (the FBI code for the bombing) until last August.
As luck would have it, Hollaway was struck by a car in the parking lot of the University of North Carolina, reinjuring his back. He had previously undergone surgery after a fall from the Davidian water tower. The fall occurred while he was acting as an independent defense investigator during the federal investigation. While in the hospital, Richard Reyna, an investigator for Timothy McVeigh’s court-appointed defense team, showed up to interview him about the call. "I was on heavy narcotics . . . probably told him (Reyna) that / bombed the federal building” said Hollaway. McVeigh is accused of driving the truck bomb to the OKC federal building and setting it off. The bomb exploded on the second anniversary of the Mount Carmel Center fire. The government claims that the Waco siege and loss of life infuriated McVeigh and was the motive behind the bombing.
Reyna returned to interview both Hollaway and Andreas “Andi” Strassmeir, a German national and former German army officer who was staying temporarily at Hollaway’s residence. Reyna also tracked Hollaway down and interviewed him several times in Houston while Hollaway was working on the Waco litigation. During these interviews, Reyna confirmed that McVeigh had called both CAUSE and Strassmeir just prior to the bombing. “He showed me a list of phone numbers that the defense team had gotten from the government and both our (CAUSE) and the number for Elohim City were on it” said Hollaway. Elohim City is a religious community near the Arkansas-Oklahoma border.
At the time of the OKC bombing, Strassmeir had lived at Elohim City for four years. Elohim City was founded by Rev. Robert Millar, the spiritual advisor to Richard Wayne Snell. Snell was a member of the defunct Covenant, Sword and Arm of the Lord (CSA). CSA was raided by BATF and FBI on April 19, 1985, ten years to the day of the OKC bombing. In a twist of fate, Waco defendant Bill Buford of BATF planned and executed both the CSA and Waco raids. Snell was executed in Arkansas by lethal injection on April 19, 1995, just 12 hours after the fatal blast in Oklahoma. After the execution, Millar took Snell’s body to Elohim City for burial. Snell’s death warrant was signed by then-Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton. ??? Eerily, 19 children were killed by the bomb in Oklahoma and 19 perished in the fire at Mount Carmel; 19 has become an unlucky number.
...........  HI
*We both agreed that it wasn't right for the government to use such force against a religious group or to kill them for what they believed in
Strassmeir said in an affidavit filed in McVeigh’s criminal case that he met McVeigh at a Tulsa, Oklahoma, gun show where McVeigh was selling fatigues and military clothing. “I sold him a U.S. Navy combat knife with a sheath,” Strassmeir said in the affidavit. “Later I returned and bought a shirt, a pair of trousers and a pair of leather gloves from him. During this transaction we discussed the events that transpired at Waco..."
“As near as I can remember," said Strassmeir, “we both agreed that it wasn’t right for the government to use such force against a religious group or to kill them for what they believed in.” Strassmeir gave McVeigh a business card from Elohim City and told McVeigh that his name was “Andi." This was his only contact with McVeigh; later, the FBI and McVeigh’s defense team confirmed that McVeigh had tried to reach Strassmeir at Elohim City on April 5, 1995.
In what has been likened to an “Oliver Stone”-like scenario, referring to conspiracy theories featured in the film “JFK,” McVeigh’s lawyers are now raising the possibility that Strassmeir and others may have a link with the OKC bombing. In court documents, McVeigh’s lead defense attorney Steven Jones, has subpoenaed Strassmeir and CAUSE Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons for testimony.
Ura Bomber Continued on Page 3
Mysterious Missing Front Door Found
2
MONTANA STANDOFF
CAUSE CONSULTED BY FBI
Shades of Ruby Ridge and Waco, another federal siege is underway in Montana. The “Freemen” believe in a strict literal interpretation of the U.S. Constitution. They declared “independence” from the United States. They started their own monetary and banking system, and are now holed up on a remote wheat farm in Jordan, Montana.
“We know they’ve been planning for a siege for a long time because they’ve talked constantly about Ruby Ridge and Waco and said they were going to be better prepared,” said a Freemen neighbor. More than 100 FBI agents have been keeping surveillance on the farm 30 miles outside Jordan since two of their leaders were arrested on federal fraud charges. About 10 other people are at the farm at the time of this writing. They are wanted on various federal and state charges, including conspiracy (naturally), bank and mail fraud, threatening public officials and firearms violations (ditto).
Randy Weaver and his criminal attorney, Gerry Spence, offered to assist in the resolution of the standoff but were rebuffed by the FBI.
However, FBI negotiators contacted CAUSE and spoke with Director Kirk Lyons and Associate Director Dave Hollaway concerning the Freemen and the siege. CAUSE had previously assisted one of the men now in the Freemen standoff. A written proposal for Lyons and Hollaway to go to Montana was submitted to the FBI and CAUSE obtained a power of attorney from the man’s wife to represent him in the standoff.
FBI negotiators assured Lyons and Hollaway that they would not repeat the mistakes made at Waco. “It’s the ‘kinder, gentler FBI.’” said Lyons. Effects from the public opinion about Ruby Ridge and Waco and the effect of the litigation hanging over the government’s head has curtailed the flashy, storm-trooper operations that have characterized previous FBI actions. In fact, FBI Director Louis J. Freeh ordered that no military clothing could be worn by agents in the field and the controversial FBI Hostage Rescue Team has been held back. “We don’t have any hostages so we don’t need them,” said an unidentified agent.
CAUSE is monitor-ing the situation care-
fully and is in touch with “Jt’s the kinder the U.S. Attorney’s of-
fice in Billings. “As long gentler FBI”
as neither side attempts to resolve the situation with force and are making progress on negotiations, I don’t see what We can do in Jordan,” said Lyons. However, if the situation hasn’t resolved or if the negotiations break down, Lyons and Hollaway intend to be on the first flight to Montana.♦
- ............—— Ura Bomber Continued from Page 2
“Instead of a Una-Bomber, Jones now claims that ‘you’re-a-bomber’,” quipped Lyons about the subpoenas.
Over the past three months, Jones and a team of investigators have traveled all over the U.S., Asia, the Middle East, Mexico and Europe to find the conspirators who he claims were really responsible for the bombing.
What Jones is after is support for a conspiracy theory where Strassmeir, Middle Eastern terrorists, and who knows who else, were involved in planning the bombing to avenge the execution of Snell.
According to Jones’ theory, the OKC bombing may have been a government sting operation that got wildly out of hand. Strassmeir, he theorizes, may have been an FBI informant or GSG-9 operative who attempted to trap McVeigh in a phony bombing scheme, only to see his intended victim carry the plan to fruition. “It’s ridiculous to suggest that Strassmeir is an FBI or agent of any government,” said Hollaway of the accusations.
We knew that it would not be long before the FBI and the federal prosecutors would have to respond to all the media furor over Jones’ theory. Although we had assurances that “no, we’er not interested in Mr. Strassmeir,” the Feds might have been forced to at least appear to be doing something about this.
“I’m sure the antics of Johnny Cochran and the O.J. Simpson trial were not lost on them,” said Kirk Lyons. It was only a matter of time with the press, defense investigators and government agents all converging on Strassmeir and CAUSE.
Moreover, the OKCBOMB publicity and investigation was becoming a serious impediment to the Waco litigation. The media pack was in full howl. They were chasing Steven Jones’ white rabbit all the way to Wonderland. It was very difficult to get any serious work done. We were constantly being interrupted by calls from the Press. They all wanted to know if we had seen the white rabbit and which way did he go?
“Before Oklahoma City, there was a lot of anger directed at Clinton and Reno because of Waco and most public opinion was on our side of the case” said Hollaway. After OKC, there has been a subtle shift, as evidenced in the Senate hearings on Waco, toward the government. “The OKC bombing garnered a lot of sympathy for the government that wasn’t there before” laments Hollaway. “They (the bombers) certainly complicated the Waco case” he said.
In fact, McVeigh echoed the idea that President Clinton and Janet Reno were using the OKC bombing for public support for the government’s actions at Waco. In a Time magazine interview, McVeigh was asked:
TIME: What do you think about Janet Reno’s and President Clinton’s calling for the death penalty for the suspects in the bombing before the investigation had been completed?
McVEIGH: I thought it was awfully hypocritical, especially because in some ways, the government was responsible for doing it. I thought she was playing both sides of the fence.
Ura Bomber Continued on Page 4
The media pack was in full howl. They were chasing Steven Jones’ white rabbit all the way to Wonderland.
3
________________Ura Bomber Continued from Page 3
Lyons’ opinion was that “from a legal stand point it would be better for Andi to go back to his own country. There, in the bosom of his family, he will have the protection of German laws.” “The Feds know where he is.” continued Lyons, “If they ever really get interested in talking to him, they will have to go through official German channels.”
Five days after departure, Strassmeir was safely ensconced in his parents’ apartment in Berlin. But the FBI was not to be outdone. Agents in Oklahoma City and Washington contacted their counterparts in Interpol and the Bundes Kriminalamt, saying that they had uncovered a “plot by neo-Nazi extremists to assassinate Strassmeir.” Since Strassmeir’s father is the former Secretary of State under the current German Chancellor, the German officials took the warning seriously. “Suddenly, we had German federal and secret service agents coming out of our ears” said Hollaway. “It took eight hours and a thirteen-page statement to convince the Germans that the FBI made this all up . . . ’No, No, the FBI would not tell us a lie’ the German investigators kept saying to us,” he said.
However, Hollaway made it safely back after two weeks of arctic cold in Berlin. “If anyone thinks I was having fun on this trip, they’re welcome to replace me next time” said Hollaway of the adventure. “If we hadn’t helped Strassmeir to return safely to Germany, then CAUSE, the Waco litigation, Strassmeir, and probably McVeigh himself would have been much more the worse for wear,” he said.+
SUPREME COURT DECIDES FORFEITURE CASE
SEIZURE FEVER I ~ CATCH IT!
A controversial sign in an IRS office once read: “Seizure Fever - Catch It.” Now it appears that the U.S. Supreme Court has been infected with the disease.
On March 4,1996, the Supreme Court decided Bennis v. Michigan, 116 S.Ct. 994, regarding the right of property owners to an innocent owner defense. The decision significantly affects owners, lenders, landlords, and rental agencies, who cannot control how the property in which they have an interest is put to use.
In 1988, Tina Bennis’ husband was arrested for solicitation of a prostitute and the couple’s 1977 Pontiac was seized under an antiquated Michigan “nuisance abatement” statute. Though Mrs. Bennis demonstrated lack of knowledge that her husband intended to use their jointly-owned car for his extramarital activity she found that her innocence was no defense. The state successfully argued to the Michigan Supreme Court that because the state law under which the car was seized contains no exemption for innocent owners, the Court should not be concerned with protecting innocent persons from having their property legally stolen.
In a 5-4, sharply split decision, Chief Justice William Rehnquist, joined by Justices Sandra Day O’Conner and Antonin Scalia, held that Bennis was not entitled to an innocent owner defense under the Michigan law and the U.S. Constitution by showing that she didn’t know about her
husband’s use of the family car to violate Michigan’s indecency law and that the forfeiture of her interest was not a “taking” within the meaning of the “takings clause” of the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Justices Clarence Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsbug filed concurring opinions.
Relying on case law from the 1800's concerning privateer vessels and rum runners, the Supreme Court stripped innocent owners in any state of any defense if a person uses their property for an unlawful cause. In this case, the 1977 Pontiac was valued at $600.00, however, the effect of the decision now subjects rental car companies to seizure of their vehicles if used for an unlawful purpose. Paradoxically, most federal drug seizure laws contain a provision to prevent innocent owners from losing their property. Someone can rent a car and be arrested with millions of dollars of cocaine in the trunk and the car goes back to the rental company; pick up a hooker in Michigan or any number of states without innocent owner protections and the car goes to the government.
What is really frightening about the Bennis case is not that the Supreme Court upheld the lack of an innocent owner provision as constitutional, but that the case may signal the federal government to remove any “innocent owner” impediments to their seizure fever. As may be remembered and as was reported in The Balance, the heir to the Scott paper fortune was killed by Los Angeles County sheriffs deputies and federal drug agents when they broke into his home at 3:00 a.m. A deputy had allegedly seen some marijuana plants hanging on a clothesline from an airplane as he flew over the multimillion dollar estate; nothing was found after the killing. The law enforcement agents “accidentally” left the warrant at the office but a copy of a property appraisal for the estate was in the pocket of one of the deputies during the raid.
We can, of course, take heart because of the severe split of the Court. Justice Stevens, with whom Justices Souter and Breyer joined, wrote a magnificent dissenting opinion. While dissents are hardly presidential case law, it does reflect on the tenor of at least half of the Court:
For centuries, prostitutes have been plying their trade on other people’s property. Assignations have occurred in palaces, luxury hotels, cruise ships, college dormitories, truck stops, back alleys and back seats. A profession of this vintage has provided governments with countless opportunities to use novel weapons to curtail its abuses. As far as I am aware, however, it was not until 1988 that any State decided to experiment with the punishment of innocent third parties by confiscating property in which, or on which, a single transaction with a prostitute has been consummated.
The logic of the Court’s analysis would permit the States to exercise virtually unbridled power to confiscate vast amounts of property where professional criminals have engaged in illegal acts.
... Without some form of exemption for innocent owners, the potential breadth of forfeiture actions for illegal proceeds would be breathtaking indeed. It has been estimated that nearly every
Seizure Fever Continued on Page 5
-----------------Seizure	Fever Continued from Page 4
The purpose of all this is to show that, while what might appear to be a disastrous decision by the Supreme Court (some are), that a careful analysis of the case should be undertaken before we abandon the jury and ballot boxes and pick up the cartridge box to defend our freedoms.*
GOOD OLE BOYS GUILTY Batf off Federal Bomb Case
Two BATF agents facing disciplinary action for attending the MGood Ole Boy Roundup” were removed from an investigation into a series of fires at black Southern churches. The decision to reassign the two agents was announced in a statement released by the U.S. Treasury Department, overseer of the BATF.
The Roundups, gatherings for law enforcement officers held at an Eastern Tennessee campground, have involved heavy drunkenness, racist and sexist conduct. These meetings first came to the public’s attention when CAUSE was representing a former law enforcement officer in an unrelated First Amendment case; CAUSE later represented the man before the U.S. Department of Justice in its investigation of BATF. A formal report of the investigation substantiated all of the allegations made concerning conduct of BATF agents at the Roundups. A copy of the report has been requested by CAUSE and was not available at the time this issue of The Balance went to press.
The Treasury Department officials have proposed new rules of conduct for off-duty federal agents and referred 31 other agents for further investigation.
Although 12 agents investigating the church fires were found to have attended the Roundups, only two were referred for disciplinary action because of their level of participation in the activities. Federal investigators have not found a single conspiracy linking 17 black church fires in the South since 1990, but believe some of the blazes were racially motivated.
“I’d call it the most barefaced hypocrisy imaginable,” said CAUSE Executive Director Kirk Lyons who represented the Roundup whistle blower. "These guys (agents) where running around all over the Southern U.S. accusing every Ku Kluxer and David Duke supporter of being a racist and a conspirator while they themselves were having a high time at the Roundups” he said.
The Balance is a newsletter published by CAUSE Foundation, a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international human-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editorial and submission inquires should be sent to Editor, The Balance, Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711.
Signs at the Roundups said “No Niggers Allowed" and extremely lewd plays were preformed where BATF agents dressed up as Klansmen degraded other agents dressed up as blacks.*
LETTER FROM BOSNIA
We recently received a letter from a young Private First Class who is serving with the UN peacekeeping force in Bosnia which reads in part:
I am currently deployed to Bosnia ... I am writing in reference to the ad you have published ... I find it disgusting that you have the nerve to even publish ads like the one in this magazine. If you had to spend the time I have in Bosnia and see the things I have seen you would think twice about your stand with our government. ... In Waco, the Branch Davidians were ready to start their own “Holy War” and had to be stopped. They killed men who try and protect our country every day from people like you. I only wish I could have been part of that force that crushed those weirdos, and I feel the only mistake that Janet Reno made was letting those clowns get away with a standoff as long as they did. ... I think you should get a life and leave the bitching to real soldiers who defend my country!
Now, before we judge this young man too harshly, let us reflect on few things first. He is young and in a foreign country; he is scared and the only thing holding him together is his faith in his government and in his leaders; and he has seen much misery and human suffering after being jerked out of his protected world of Nintendo’s and Nike tennis shoes.
However, his letter does reflect a certain mentality of many government agents: “Him that opposes me gets served up in parcels!” We can’t blame the young PFC for his intemperance or his ignorance concerning the facts of Waco; all we can do is to try to educate him. Therefore, we sent a very consolatory letter in reply.
Besides the letter from Bosnia, several supporters sent letters asking if the Strassmeir trip was really necessary. Well, we believe from the above narration that one can see the necessity of the operation. Moreover, we are very careful with every dime we receive (since we don’t receive that many). No one is driving a Macerate around here; some of us aren’t even driving at all.
It would be nice to say that we're on the dawn of great victory but, in reality, we still have a long way to travel. We can’t make that journey without your generous and continuous support. While the Waco litigation continues to consume most of our scant resources, it isn’t the only thing we’re doing right now. Every day we work to keep freedom alive and well in our country but our work entirely depends on you. Please send your most generous contribution you can afford to keep our work for you alive!*