ffitaw
A Newsletter of Civil Rights d <3urrent Eve
		
Winter, 1995	D.M.A. Hollaway, Editor	Vol 6, No.3
In other events, Congress and the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee have concluded hearings into the Weaver and Waco tragedies. As expected, it was much ado about nothing. Congress heard the testimony and liberal senators and representatives did everything in their power to sabotage any justice that might have come from the hearings. Particularly obnoxious was Rep. Charles Schumer who acted as if he were a government lawyer defending the FBI. As Theodore Roosevelt said, “when they call the role in the Senate, the senators do not know whether to answer ‘present’ or ‘not guilty.’”
However, some good did come from the hearings despite efforts to the contrary. As is well known, the government targeted Randy Weaver because of his unpopular beliefs about race, politics and religion. In 1989, “tempted in *a weak moment when my family needed money,” they entrapped him when a BATF informant convinced him to shorten two shotgun barrels to an illegal length. When Weaver refused to surrender, U.S. Marshals began a series of “reconnaissance missions” to the remote Weaver cabin. On August 22,1992, Sammy Weaver and Kevin Harris surprised a Marshal team while hunting. In the ensuing gunfight, they killed Sammy Weaver. Later, without warning, FBI sniper Lon T. Horiuchi shot Harris, Randy Weaver, and killed Randy’s wife, Vicki, as she stood in the door holding her 10-month-old baby.
The case agent, BATF Special Agent Herb Byerly, had provided false information to the U.S. Attorney’s office about Weaver. The agent fabricated a lengthy, detailed criminal history that included fraudulent statements that Weaver grew marijuana (necessary to seize the family farm after arrest), was a bank robber and had committed murder. In fact, Weaver had no criminal history whatsoever. Nevertheless, the lies about the Weaver case were magnified and multiplied each step of the way, from the
Ruby Ridge Continued on Page 2
Atlas Shrugged
Federal Judge to Decide Fate of Waco Cases
United States District Judge Nancy F. Atlas sitting in Houston, Texas, will decide the fate of the Waco litigation in the next few weeks. President Clinton under the Federal Judgeship Act appointed Judge Atlas to the bench in August of 1990, filling the vacancy created by the retirement of Judge James DeAnda. All Waco-related litigation has been consolidated in Judge Atlas’ court for trial.
CAUSE Foundation will be filing a joint pretrial response to the government’s motion to dismiss the Waco cases. The government has also asked for a change of venue back to the District Court in Waco and Judge Walter S. Smith, Jr. Judge Smith presided over the criminal trial of some of the Branch Davidians and is known to be adverse to their cause as evidenced by his extremely harsh sentencing. CAUSE has moved that Atlas deny the government’s motions and keep the case in Houston. Final motions are due to be filed in the case by January 16,1996.
Whatever Judge Atlas’ decision, the cases will probably make at least one trip through the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans. If Judge Atlas grants the government’s motion and dismisses the cases, then CAUSE will appeal. If the judge denies the government’s motions, especially qualified immunity for Janet Reno and senior agents of the FBI and BATF, then the government will appeal. What will probably happen is that Judge Atlas will deny part of the government’s motions and dismiss some of the charges made against the government and the case will proceed to trial sometime in late 1996. Meanwhile, attorneys are working nearly around the clock to marshal evidence and witnesses for the hearings. “Whoever puts on the strongest case will probably win this stage of the litigation” said Kirk Lyons, CAUSE Executive Director and chief counsel in the Waco litigation. ♦
Congress
Concludes
Ho-Hum
Hearings
1
Ruby Ridge Continued from Page 1 BATF to the U.S. Attorney to the U.S. Marshals Service and, finally, to the FBI. Along the way, federal agents committed crimes that made a mockery of the U.S. Constitution.
U.S. Deputy Marshals Larry Cooper and Arthur Roderick testified both at the Weaver trial and at the hearings. Cooper stated at the trial that the shootout began when he stood up, identified himself as a federal agent and the Weaver friend, Kevin Harris, fired the first shot. Cooper also said at the congressional hearings that the 9mm bullet that killed 14-year-old Sammy Weaver as fired by Sammy’s father, Randy Weaver.
However, there was considerable credible evidence contradicting the claims of Cooper and Roderick. Fellow Deputy Marshal Tom Norris, who heard the shooting from nearby, said the fist shot fired was that of a .223 caliber weapon, not the deeper and more distinctive report of a bigger-bore .30-06. Moreover, when Roderick talked late that night with Captain David Neal of the Idaho State Police, Roderick acknowledged firing the first shot that killed Sammy Weaver’s dog. Cooper's repeated denial that he killed Sammy is disputed by noted wound-ballistics expert Dr. Martin Fackler, who testified for the government at the trial that it was Cooper’s weapon that killed the boy.
Rogers’ Rules
In the aftermath of the shootout with the Marshals, the FBI Hostage Rescue Team (HRT) was mobilized. As HRT commander Dick Rogers flew westward on a U.S. Air Force jet, he formulated what were to become the controversial “rules of engagement” for his five sniper teams. As initially drafted, the situation report called not only for the arrests of Kevin Harris and Randy Weaver, but also included Vicki Weaver, who was not wanted for any crime. Item A of Rogers’ rules of engagement stated that “if any adult in the compound is observed with a weapon, deadly force can and should be employed to neutralize the individual.” Notice the use of the word “compound.” The Weaver dwellings consisted of one run down cabin with no running water or electricity and one shed. Rogers would later make “compound” popular with the FBI and media at Waco.
These rules of engagement are at the center of a criminal investigation against Rogers and several other agents, including former Assistant Director Larry Potts; both are Waco defendants. On-site FBI commander in Idaho Eugene Glenn said that Potts approved the final version. A precise determination is impossible because someone at FBI headquarters shredded key documents before they could be secured by investigators. Wording was subsequently added, providing that Item A must include the phrase “after the surrender announcement is made Item B still stipulated that “if any adult male is observed prior to the announcement, deadly force can and should be employed, it the shot can be taken without endangering any children.” There was never any surrender announcement made by the FBI.
This amounted to a shoot-on-sight order for Harris and Randy Weaver. It violated not only the rules for the use of deadly force for all civilians and law enforcement personnel, but also the Constitution. At least that was the assessment of the Office of Professional Responsibility, which is the internal affairs branch of the U.S. Justice Department.
“I had never heard of rules of engagement that permitted what was allowed” at the Weaver cabin, said FBI negotiator Fred Lanceley. He described them as “the most severe” of more than 300 hostage situations in which he had been involved. Lanceley flew out with Rogers and the HRT. At the briefing, Lanceley testified, Rogers advised everyone that “this will not be a long siege.”
Final Option “They’re out!” Special Agent Dale Monroe heard someone say over his radio as he sat with sniper Lon Horiuchi. “I looked through my scope and saw three individuals. They were all carrying rifles,” he testified. The individuals were Randy Weaver, Kevin Harris and then 16-year-old Sara Weaver; two of them were on Rogers’ hit list. As Randy reached up to bend back a nail holding the door shut on the shed where Sammy’s body lay, a shot rang out, hitting Weaver in the armpit.
“I’ve been shot,” Randy yelled to Kevin and Sara. Weaver began running for the cabin door, followed by Sara and then Kevin. Vicki Weaver, holding 10-month-old Elisheba, ran to the door, opened it and shouted to the hills, “You bastards!” At last, all three of Rogers’ targets were in the sights of his assassins.
“When Randy and Sara got to the door,” Harris said, “they kind of slowed ... to go through the door. I slowed way down so I wouldn’t run over them." Another shot rang out. Horiuchi had Vicki Weaver in his automatic ranging telescopic sight. He had targeted Vicki for the “final option,” which in sniper terminology means “shoot on sight." Horiuchi later told several stories about why he fired the second shot, all of which were contradictory and mutually exclusive. Horiuchi settled on the story that he fired because of danger presented by the Weavers to an overhead helicopter at which Harris was aiming. “I wasn’t looking back,” Harris said. “I was looking right at Vicki."
When Horiuchi fired, his .308-caliber NATO match bullet pierced the door’s window glass and the blue gingham curtain. It entered Vicki’s neck, severed her carotid artery then exited, ripping away most of the left side other jaw and half her face, showering her children with blood, brains and bits of skull. The bullet then pierced Harris’ left arm, entered the side of his chest and punctured a lung, causing it to collapse.
“Vicki screamed and dropped to a kneeling position, still holding the baby against her body,” Randy testified. “She was like a washrag then. She was gone. I pulled her out of the doorway and lad her beside the table. She was gone.” Everyone began screaming. Randy tried to get a tourniquet on Kevin’s arm. Kevin looked over at the hideous remains of his friend’s wife and cried, “Just let me die.”
Rogers and the rest of the HRT members hid the fact of Vicki Weaver’s death for several days from everyone, including other FBI agents. “We all felt like we were dead, that we’d all be killed, that it was just a matter of time,” Randy Weaver said, “They sent up a negotiation robot with a phone set and a double-barreled shotgun built-in, aimed at the phone. I had no doubt that whoever grabbed that phone was dead meat.”
As the world looked on, the FBI decided to negotiate. Ultimately, they allowed that three non-agents approached the cabin and speak directly to the terrified people huddled inside: family friend Jackie Brown, retired police officer Jack McLamb and retired Green Beret officer
Ruby Ridge Continued on Page 3
Ruby Ridge Continued from Page 2 James “Bo” Gritz. It is to the credit of these three people, not anyone in the federal government, that the siege ended without further bloodshed.
Brown recalled that before she went into the cabin the first time:
“Dick Rogers... motioned me over [and] told me ... that if I did not mind how long I was in the cabin, he didn’t give me an exact time limit, so I had no idea what he considered too long, that he would have no choice but to assume one of two things:
I had been taken hostage, or I had joined them; and it would leave him no choice but to lake’ the cabin. I took that as a threat to my own life, as well as the people in the cabin.”
One of the first people Gritz talked to when he arrived on the mountain, he said, was a Red Cross supervisor, Ed Pharr. Pharr told him he had been present for the HRT briefing at the National Guard armory in Bonner’s Ferry. “Ed Pharr sought me out and said: ‘Bo, they horrified me when I was watching the HRT load their magazines. I heard them saying that no one was coming out alive. After they shot Vicki on Saturday, they put up a sign proclaiming Camp Vicki to be their headquarters.’ He said they didn’t take the sign down until the day I arrived,” Gritz recalled.
Once Gritz made contact with Weaver in the cabin, the response was immediate. “Weaver was concerned .. . that the FBI had killed his wife and was keeping it a secret,” Gritz testified. “It was at dusk when I left the top of the hill. ... Dick Rogers accompanied me back down to where the HRT had their forward command post. Dick Rogers said to me, ‘Bo, we targeted Vicki Weaver because she was profiled by the psychiatrist as the maternal head of the family who would kill her children before allowing them to surrender.’ I didn’t solicit the comment from Dick Rogers. He made it voluntarily.”
“We made good progress [in the negotiations], I thought,” Gritz said. “On Sunday [30 August], I had gone back up to negotiate more with Randall [Weaver]. I was told by Dick Rogers that ‘tomorrow, if you don’t get them all out, we’re taking them out.’ I really couldn’t imagine why the acceleration. It put a lot of pressure on me.”
“I advised Dick Rogers that I would not leave the family under those circumstances ... if I couldn’t get them to come out,” Gritz recalled. “And he said, rather sarcastically, ‘Well, Colonel, you do what you have to do. I’m telling you if you don’t get them to come out, and if it looks like they’re not coming out, we’re taking them out.’”
Ruby Ridge Continued on Page 4
Soldier Refuses U.N. Order
Court-martial Pending
A 22-year-old U.S. Army medic who refused to wear the uniform of the United Nations will be court-martialed for disobeying the order of an officer to submit to U.N. command.
Specialist Michael New, assigned to the Third Infantry Division in Schweinfurt, Germany, was awaiting deployment last month to Macedonia near the Serbian
border. New refused to wear the insignia and blue beret of the United Nations on this deployment. The Army decided to transfer New to another unit after he refused to fight under U.N. jurisdiction. If found guilty of refusing to obey a lawful order of a superior, New could receive a prison term or administrative discharge from the Armed Forces.
The decision to transfer New to another unit temporarily averted a confrontation between New and his superiors. However, this does not resolve the larger constitutional issues raised by the refusal to serve under U.N. command. The court-martial and the refusal to wear U.N. insignia has focused attention on the question of placing United States military personnel under foreign commanders in U.N. peace-keeping operations. Had New gone to the Balkans, he would have served under an officer of the Finnish Army.
In an interview with The Washington Times, New said he was willing to risk a court-martial over his refusal to serve as a U.N. peace-keeper. Remarked New, “it symbolizes... a shift of allegiance from the United States, for whom I swore an oath of allegiance, to the U.N. I swore an oath to the U.S. Constitution and I believe there is a fundamental difference in the U.N. charter.”
In a letter to Army Chief of Staff, General Dennis Reimer, New’s parents asked “by what authority can the U.S. Army transfer my son’s allegiance without his permission? If our son is captured while wearing a U.N. uniform, will his official status be that of an American prisoner of war? Who will work for his release? The United Nations or the United States of America?” New’s lawyer, a Vietnam Veteran, has attempted to enlist the help of Texas senators Phil Gramm and Kay Bailey Hutchison. In a meeting with senate aides, a request was made to have the Army justify transferring American soldiers to the United Nations.
“A soldier’s oath is to the U.S. Constitution, not the U.N. Charter,” said House Majority Whip Tom DeLay, R-Texas. DeLay and others have sponsored legislation that would bar U.S. forces from wearing U.N. insignia and berets while serving as peace-keepers. “Forcing soldiers to wear the uniform of the United Nations effectively asks the soldier to serve under another power," Rep. DeLay said. “No American soldier should be put in Michael New’s position, forced to choose allegiances between the United States and the United Nations.” His bill, introduced in the House, would prevent any other soldier from facing a similar situation. The one-paragraph bill reads:
No member of the armed forces may be required to wear, as part of the uniform, any badge, symbol, helmet, headgear, or other visible insignia which indicates (or tends to indicate) any allegiance or affiliation to or with the United Nations.
Rep. DeLay has attracted more than 40 House cosponsors for his bill. Sen. Larry Craig, R-ldaho and outspoken FBI HRT critic, introduced a similar bill in the Senate that 21 cosponsors in that chamber have signed. The bills have been referred to the House National Security Committee and the Senate Armed Services Committee.
New’s case has become a political sensation in Washington. Two Republican presidential candidates, Pat Buchanan and Rep. Robert Dornan, R-California, have
Soldier Continued on Page 4
3
Soldier Continued from Page 3 mentioned New’s case repeatedly. Recently, on ABC’s Nightline, Pat Buchanan said,
“The U.N. is beginning to impinge on American sovereignty. When you have an American soldier like Specialist New being sent to Macedonia and forced to wear the U.N. insignia, the U.N. beret and serve under U.N. commanders, I think every American ought to draw the line here, and support the Specialist in his opposition to doing that, because it is a standing insult to everything the Founding Fathers stood for... ”
Americans have been raising other questions concerning the wisdom of continued U.S. involvement with the U.N. Particularly galling is the leadership of Secretary-General Boutros-Boutros Ghali, who is committed to the idea of one-world government. The United Nations was founded in 1945 at the end of World War II. Ostensibly, its mission was to deal with traditional international problems and conflicts between warring countries, such as the Korean War. During its first forty-five years, the U.N. rarely involved itself in civil wars and other internal conflicts. This organization was noticeably silent during internal “wars of liberation” under communist support particularly in Vietnam and Central America. Nevertheless, with the demise of the former Soviet Union, the U.N. has taken on the role of an international police agency. It is involved not only in internal “peace-keeping,” but also in what it calls “nation building.” As a result, since 1991, the United Nations has conducted 19 military operations involving more than 70,000 troops. By 1994, the cost of these operations has risen to $3.6 billion, with American taxpayers picking up more than 32 percent of the costs.
Foreign policy experts point out that it is not only the fall of the Soviet Union that has moved the U.N. to intervene in internal nationalistic conflicts, but also Boutros Ghali’s principle of “Universal Sovereignty.” He claims that the rights of individuals and groups as determined by the U.N. come before the sovereign rights of the nations in which they reside. Using this principle, Ghali argues, uthe centuries-old doctrine of absolute and exclusive sovereignty no longer stands.” Therefore, according to Boutros Ghali, when internal strife sets a nation’s factions against each other, the United Nations has a “right” to come in and sort things out according to the doctrine.
Universal sovereignty was the justification used by the U.N. to go into Somalia. What began as a peacekeeping mission in September 1992 quickly turned into a bloody free-for-all and a U.S. task force had to be deployed to save the peace-keepers from annihilation at the hands of Somali gunmen. After two years of dead American pilots being dragged through the streets and the expenditure of a billion dollars, the U.S. forces were withdrawn and the U.N. mission shutdown. Today, Somalia still remains in the grip of a bloody civil war. It remains to be seen what fate awaits Michael New and the American forces now being deployed to Bosnia. You can write to New at:
SP4 Michael New, 73-3242 HHC, 1/15 Infantry CMR 646, Box 1183 APOAE 09226 ♦
Republicans Sell Out Over Antiterrorist Bill
Emerging from the Constitutional Convention, Ben Franklin was asked by a passerby what kind of government the Founding Fathers had come up with. Franklin replied that it was “a republic if you can keep it.” He also said that those who would trade liberty for safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
In the years since, Congress has proposed few pieces of legislation asking the American people to give up more of their freedom than the antiterrorist legislation first introduced by Rep. Charles Schumer and now championed by some notable House Republicans (Schumer was instrumental in sabotaging the Congressional hearings into Waco). The intent of these bills is to neutralize most of the current privacy laws and give the FBI almost unlimited ability to pry into the private lives of ordinary Americans.
These bills contain no meaningful restrictions preventing the information assembled under the flag of “antiterrorism” from being used by the IRS to collect taxes or the BATF to collect guns. If Ruby Ridge and Waco aren’t examples enough, perhaps it would be worthwhile for Congress to remember that for nearly 40 years, FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover couldn’t be replaced by five presidents because he had too much information on too many people.
Incongruously, the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Rifle Association find themselves on the same side in the fight against this legislation. Conservative groups across the nation have been shocked by the number of so-called Republican allies that have sold out to Schumer and his cronies. Certainly one could expect liberal Democrats to support any legislation that destroys individual liberties, but to have the same Republicans just voted into office support such measures was startling.
Most of Rep. Schumer’s original bill was unfortunately carried over by House Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde, a senior Republican from Illinois. Along with Hyde, this bill was sponsored by numerous Republicans from Florida, Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and California.
Many Americans have spent most of their lives fighting both terrorism and totalitarianism. Politicians of both parties who would use the excuse of terrorism to impose totalitarian measures on American citizens should be censured by their electorates. From Command Guidance, by Robert K. Brown, editor and publisher of SOF magazine.♦
Ruby Ridge Continued from Page 3
Warnings for Waco
A Justice Department report echoed Gritz’s account. It cited “much evidence that a negotiation strategy was not the highest priority of the FBI crisis management team .... The management team favored a tactical strategy over a negotiation strategy...
By “tactical strategy,” Senator Herbert Kohl wryly observed after reading that portion of the Justice Department’s report, “we understand to mean that it would be more or less an armed assault." Small wonder, then, that essentially the same bloody results that were achieved
Ruby Ridge Continued on Page 5
4
Ruby Ridge Continued from Page 4 in Idaho were repeated on a grander scale at Waco eight months later. This was the same HRT, commanded by the same FBI agent, Dick Rogers, who both times spurned patience and negotiation over strong-armed force. Rogers’ plan in Idaho called for essentially the same scenario that later ended so tragically in Waco: Surround the target with tanks and armored personnel carriers, saturate the building with toxic chemicals and, if no one came out, to knock the building down with military armor.
“We’re not talking about Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., here,” Gritz said sarcastically, referring to the actor who portrayed a polite, quietly professional FBI agent in a ‘60s TV show. HRT Commander “Dick Rogers did not want to be denied his kills in this instance,” Gritz said. “I really do not believe he wanted to see them come out in one piece.”
The government settled the legal case with Weaver for $3.1 million but it does nothing to curb the excesses of Dick Rogers and his agents. Rogers and Horiuchi remain defendants in the Waco litigation. “If we win against the individual agents," said Kirk Lyons of CAUSE, “then it will send a message. If you pull the trigger on innocent women and children, we’ll come after you.”
Above the Law One fact is certain: The government helicopter Randy Weaver or Kevin Harris was supposedly aiming at— the ostensible reason for shooting at them— was nowhere near. Even the helicopter pilot confirmed this. Other suspicious facts remain unexplained by the government, but that may be found out during discovery in the Waco cases.
As in Waco, the HRT quickly destroyed ballistic evidence. The shed, in which the first shot lodged after Weaver was struck, was removed from the site by FBI agents and “lost.” The front door to Mount Carmel, showing who fired first, was also “lost” after the fire destroyed the complex. Horiuchi’s rifle was not taken into custody and secured as evidence, as is common practice in law enforcement, even in small tpwn police departments. Nor were the weapons of Roderick and Cooper seized as evidence. The FBI agents who took over the scene after the shooting did not even bother interviewing them.
“Unless the people who are responsible for those decisions ... are identified and punished, you’re going to see more” tragedies like Ruby Ridge and Waco, Gritz told the Senate panel.
“I find it heart-sickening,” a tearful Jackie Brown told the Senate Committee, “to suddenly wake up one morning and feel like everything I’ve been taught about the goodness of my government is a lie, that I can’t trust authorities, that I can’t trust my government.”
“There’s no excuse for what happened” at the Weaver home, she cried. “I am not here to ask you to support Randy Weaver or Kevin Harris. I am here to ask you to support right versus wrong. I pray that this all won’t just be talk, because myself and many Americans are waiting to see action.” It’s been months since the hearings ended; Jackie, you are in for a long wait.
“Right now," Gritz said, federal agents “seem to be above the law, because they commit crimes that ordinary people would be prosecuted for. Instead, there are lies and coverup. People are interested in seeing justice equal under the law, with no one above the law ...” Only if there is a victory in the Waco litigation can the American people see justice for Vicki Weaver and the dead at Waco.
The previous article was condensed from an article by James L. Pate, correspondent for Soldier of Fortune magazine.
Win at Waco!
While walking through the woods you may discover a tree growing through a slab of granite. It started as a delicate seedling, but even a seed has a dream. Day after day, year after year, it drove ever upward, taking advantage of every weak spot in its monolithic opponent. The tree lived and the rock began its degradation into sand. The seedling didn’t seek the confrontation; neither did it surrender and die. It only obeyed the first law of nature: Win!
It has been three long years since the killings on Ruby Ridge and nearly three years since the conflagration at Waco. Where is justice, you might ask? Certainly it is neither in the internal review structure of the Justice Department nor in the power of Congress or the Senate. There is only one road to justice available at present, and that is in the courts.
Like the seedling, we did not seek the legal confrontation with our monolithic governmental opponents, but because all of our freedoms are at risk, neither do we choose to surrender our liberty and become slaves. Day after day, year after year, we take advantage of every weak spot in the government’s case and give way where they are too strong.
Yet just as Jefferson said that the tree of liberty must often be watered by the blood of patriots and tyrants, the tree of justice must be nurtured by money. In 1776, patriots melted down their family silver to make bullets for the continental militia; all we’re asking for is a donation.
We must bring Reno, Rogers and Horiuchi, among others, to justice. Only through your continued support is this possible. The Waco cases are accelerating at an incredible rate and consume a tremendous amount of resources; it is the largest civil rights case ever to be filed in American history. And, it is completely funded by your donations.
The National Rifle Association has repeatedly denied our request for funding of the cases. Moreover, the NRA spent double what we were asking to finance a west-coast think tank, Failure Analysis, to analyze the tragedy at Waco. This analysis was to be presented to the House Sub-Committee during the Waco hearings. Well, their analysis was a failure in that none of the information was presented at the hearings. They wasted all that money that we could have used to fight the case.
If you don’t think your contribution means much to the case, your attitude could result in this being the last issue of The Balance you receive. We are perilously close to insolvency because of the tremendous expenditures we have had to make in the last few months. While most of our readers have bom the brunt of the support, we are asking that everyone who gets a copy or reads this publication send a donation now!
We must win at Waco or we are all to suffer the consequences.
5