
A Newsletter of1 C ivil Rights Current Even
and
		
August-September, 1995	D.M.A. Hollaway, Editor	Vol 6, No. 2
CAUSE Expert Finds Key Evidence;
Testifies at Waco Hearings
Malice in Wonderland
D.C. Receives Fallout from OKC Bomb
Obvious links between the April 19 bombing of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City and the 1993 siege of the Branch Davidians in Waco, Texas, have renewed questions about the FBI’s handling of the 51 -day standoff. In the fallout from Oklahoma City, Waco, and Ruby Ridge, several top FBI agents have been suspended or demoted (see related article).
The bombing triggered an acceleration in the scheduled congressional and senate hearings into the Waco tragedy.
Richard L. Sherrow, a former BATF arson expert and retired U.S. Army explosives expert testified at the hearings. Sherrow is an expert witness retained by CAUSE for the Waco civil prosecutions. Sherrow’s testimony put serious dents into the government’s multiple-origin fire theory which they say proves Davidians inside Mount Carmel started the fire. “There are some serious questions that need answers,” said Sherrow when questioned by Charles E. Schumer, a democrat from New York who virtually controlled and stonewalled the hearings. “Most of the information is in the hands of the government...., it won’t come out until civil discovery in the lawsuits is completed.” Sherrow told him.
“I don’t think that the hearings impact on the civil prosecutions at all.” said CAUSE Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons. “It’s pretty obvious that they (Congress) didn't want anything of substance to come out of the hearings.” Lyons said that Congress will now author a report which will be filed “in the dust bin of history” and nothing will come of the expenditure of tax payers' money. “It was all just a show to make the American people think that Congress was finally going to do something about these rogue law enforcement agencies.” said Lyons. “Nothing will happen until we get a large judgment against the government and their agents.” Continued on Page 3.
Weaver Settles for $3.1-Million
Government Pays as Top FBI Suspended in Killings.
Attorney General Janet Reno agreed to pay Randy Weaver and the surviving members of his family $3.1 million days after the Justice Department suspended four FBI agents involved in the government’s killing of his wife, Vicki, and their 14-year-old son, Sam.. The decision to settle the case, in which the government admits no wrongdoing, came three weeks before scheduled Senate hearings into the Ruby Ridge killings. Continued on Page 2.
1
Weaver Settlement, Continued.
The shootout at the Weaver cabin came after Randy Weaver refused to attend a court hearing on a charge that he sold two illegal sawed-off shotguns to an undercover agent of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (BATF). The government, through the U.S. Marshals Service, set up an 18-month surveillance of the family cabin. Gunfire erupted on August 21, 1992, when Sam Weaver and a family friend, Kevin Harris, both carrying deer rifles, stumbled upon six camouflaged U.S. Marshals on “reconnaissance mission” outside the cabin. In reality, the marshals were there to shoot the Weaver dogs because they were interfering with the government agents’ “infiltrations.” Deputy Marshal Degan shot Sam’s dog, Striker, and Sam returned the gunfire, running for his life back to the cabin. Degan shot Sam in the back; numerous cartridges from Degan’s M-16 were found next to his weapon. When Kevin Harris saw Degan shoot Sam, he fired one round from his 30.06, mortally wounding Degan. Vicki Weaver was killed a day later by FBI Special Agent Lon T. Horiuchi while holding her 10-month-old daughter as she held open the cabin front door. Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris were acquitted of federal charges of killing Marshal Degan.
The United States does not admit any wrongdoing or legal liability to the plaintiffs.
The settlement denies any legal liability for the shootings and also comes days after the Justice Department asked the U.S. Attorney for a criminal investigation into a purported coverup of who approved the plan to “shoot on sight” any armed adult seen on the Weaver property near Ruby Ridge, Idaho. No investigation is being conducted into the conduct of the U.S. Marshals who precipitated the deadly confrontation in which Sam Weaver and U.S. Deputy Marshal William F. Degan were killed.
“The settlement reflects the loss to the Weaver children of their mother and brother,” the Justice Department said in a statement. “By entering into a settlement, the United States hopes to take a substantial step toward healing the wounds the incident inflicted.” But the timing of the settlement, framed by the Senate hearings, suspensions and criminal investigation shows that the government hopes to accomplish an additional goal of damage control. “The United States does not admit wrongdoing or legal liability to the plaintiffs,” the Justice Department stated. Nevertheless, the Justice Department is under political siege for the 1992 killings which became a rallying point for those who believe persecutes those with unpopular beliefs.
Noting that “Weaver has become a hero to many antigovernment elements and militant gun advocates,” the FBI’s domestic terrorism unit sent a “threat advisory” early this month to all federal installations nationwide noting that August is the third anniversary of the Ruby Ridge siege.
The advisory said “there is no specific intelligence indicating that a violent act is planned on or around” the Ruby Ridge anniversary. But it does note that the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building occurred on the second anniversary of the federal assault on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas.
A former Weaver neighbor agreed that the government should be paranoid because citizens are certainly paranoid about the federal government. As one Naples, Idaho, resident put it, “.. .. they shot and killed his dog- in the back. Then they shot his son in the back. The shot Weaver from behind, and they blew his wife’s head off while she stood in the door holding a baby. You don’t have to be a radical around here to be alarmed at the federal government."
A federal criminal investigation was opened into whether senior FBI officials covered up their approval of “shoot on sight” orders during the deadly 1992 siege at Ruby Ridge, Idaho (see related article). Five top FBI officials, including Waco defendant Larry A. Potts, former FBI Assistant Director, have been suspended. Potts had been promoted by FBI Director Louis J. Freeh after receiving a letter o censure for this part in the Ruby Ridge killings; Potts was demoted by Freeh last month because he had become “a political liability” in the aftermath of Ruby Ridge and Waco. At least one of the five suspended agents has admitted destroying documents concerning the killing of Vicki Weaver.
Under pressure from Congress, FBI Director Louis J. Freeh removed his friend Larry A. Potts as the bureaus Deputy Director because of the controversy in the Weaver case. Potts was also heavily involved in the planning and execution of the Waco assault on April 19, 1993. Both operations were managed by Potts from FBI headquarters.
Potts’ removal came the same week that Freeh put another senior FBI official, E. Michael Kahoe, on administrative leave from his job as chief of the FBI’s Jacksonville, FL, office. Kahoe was placed on leave after admitting he destroyed the after-action report on the Weaver incident; he was chief of the shooting review team in Idaho.
Freeh informed Attorney General Janet Reno of Potts suspension during a Justice Department meeting, saying “Larry Potts’ removal takes a sword away from those who believe that Waco and Ruby Ridge were a grand government conspiracy." However, up until the week of Potts’ downfall, Freeh had staunchly defended his associate and his promotion, even in the face of a Justice Department investigation that concluded that Potts, Rogers and Horiuchi had violated the constitutional rights of the Weavers and should be charged with felonies. Potts was promoted by Freeh to FBI Deputy Director after giving him a “letter o censure” for his actions in Idaho, the same punishment handed out to an agent for loosing a bureau radio (possibly in a hotel room, ed.). “He’s done nothing wrong." maintained Freeh.
The latest action with Potts brings the number of agents involved in Weaver who are on “administrative leave” to five. In addition to Potts and Kahoe, others suspended are:
Continued on Page 5.
OKC Fallout, Continued.
Another CAUSE expert, Frank Bolz, the legendary retired New York City police captain who invented the idea of hostage negotiation, is scheduled to testify in the upcoming Senate hearings into Waco in September. wl just hope the Senate hearings are not a repeat of the dog and pony show that was put on by congress.” said Lyons.
Sherrow and CAUSE Associate Director D.M.A. (Dave) Hollaway were at Waco attending the second anniversary of the terrible fire. Hollaway had been a post-fire investigator and surveyed the remains of Mount Carmel while the FBI and BATF was still at the site. Sherrow was principally attending to discuss evidentiary matters with some other investigators who were also at the scene. “I was talking with Rodney Crowe (the forensic dentist who lead the body recovery team and made the post mortem identifications) when, like kicking over an ant’s nest, the media were all over us for opinions about the Oklahoma City bombing.” said Hollaway.
“/ thought someone had mailed the feds a pipe bomb.. . I went into one of the media vans and looked at the satellite uplink.... I thought 'Oh my God’
Dave Hollaway, who is himself a former U.S. Army explosives technician, said “I thought someone had mailed the feds a pipe bomb. ‘What are you talking about?’ I asked a reporter from CNN. He said ‘come with me’ and I went into one of the media vans and looked at the satellite uplink and saw the building. I thought, ‘Oh my God, they’re going to blame this on our clients (the Davidians).
Sure enough, in less than ten minutes that media began speculating that surviving members of the Branch Davidians had bombed the federal building in retaliation for the Waco tragedy. As Hollaway continued to handle the press for the Branch Davidians in Waco, Sherrow left immediately for Oklahoma City. During his investigation, Sherrow turned up a key piece of evidence in the bombing, the rear differential gear which helped identify the Ryder truck used in blast; it had been missed completely by BATF and FBI experts.
While the events at Oklahoma City did stir up dormant interest in Weaver and Waco, the investigation into the bombing may be damaged because the BATF supervisor assigned to the investigation is himself the subject of an investigation into fraud and mismanagement, raising concerns that evidence gathered in the investigation will be compromised. BATF Special Agent James Adamcik has been accused of accepting favors from corrupt Chicago police officers, ignoring the theft of money seized from drug dealers, and steering BATF contract work on vehicles to a friend who is a convicted felon.
Rep. Harris W. Fawell, Illinois Republican, said he has reviewed the accusations and found them “so darned
serious, involving fraud and misconduct, that I felt they should be looked into.” He said he discussed them with BATF Director John Magaw, who “just made it clear to me he wasn’t interested in this.”
Legal experts and some BATF agents agreed that having Adamcik on the case could present problems at any criminal trial. They cited the difficulties raised for the police officers in the O.J. Simpson case. “It wouldn’t help in a pending case to have your investigator being looked at on charges of wrongdoing,” Fawell said. An anonymous BATF agent said “what is he doing working on the crime of the century when his credibility is in question.” The Judiciary Committee has documentation on the case and is beginning an inquiry according to official sources in Washington.
Meanwhile, the Justice Department is considering charging two BATF agents with lying about their knowledge of the so-called “loss of surprise” during the botched government raid at Mount Carmel. This refers to David Jones, the father-in-law of David Koresh, discovering from a reporter that the BATF were on their way to raid the religious community.
Justice department lawyers are scrutinizing testimony by Waco defendants Phillip Chojnacki and Charles Sarabyn, both Special Agents in Charge of the Houston BATF field office, about why they ordered the disastrous raid in the first place. The lawyers are comparing statements made by Chojnacki and Sarabyn -- who were fired about lying about the raid then rehired when they threatened to “talk”- during the House hearings with those they made two years ago in the initial Waco investigation.
Lewis C. Merletti, deputy director of the U.S. Treasury Department’s review team testified at the congressional hearings that felony charges could be considered against Chojnacki and Sarabyn. In Waco, the U.S. Attorney’s Office referred the case to the Justice Department public integrity section after Texas Rangers said they were convinced the BATF officials were lying to them in 1993.
At that time, Chojnacki and Sarabyn, as field commanders at Waco, told their superiors and the Texas Rangers they had no indications David Koresh knew that BATF agents were on their way to Mount Carmel. But Robert Rodriguez, the undercover agent inside Mount Carmel before the raid, repeatedly said that he informed Chojnacki and Sarabyn that Koresh knew BATF was en route. Chojnacki and Sarabyn, along with Waco defendant Darrell Dyer, are also accused of filing false reports and making up a fictitious raid plan to cover their incompetence after the raid. The pair were fired last year after a Treasury Department probe indicated they had lied and tried to pin the blame on Rodriguez, but were rehired less than two months later.
Previous to and after the Waco hearings, senior members of the Justice Department and the Clinton administration, including the President, have been involved in damage control in view of the pending Waco litigation.
A Harvard University professor who reviewed the FBI’s role in the Waco disaster for the Justice Department says President Bill Clinton “mispoke” when he said Branch Davidian members were solely responsible for the deaths of 24 children inside Mount Carmel.
3
Continued on Page 4.
Waco, Continued.
“President Clinton seemed to argue on ‘60 Minutes’ that the ultimate fate of the Branch Davidians weeks later, during the final gas assault by the FBI, was somehow morally justified by what happened to the (B)ATF agents who were killed in the botched initial surprise assault,” said Dr. Alan A. Stone, a professor of both psychiatry and law. Stone said that BATF supervisors “deserve some of that moral responsibility” in articles published in the Boston Globe and the Washington Times.
The President, during an appearance on CBS-TV’s news program 60 Minutes, said David Koresh, sought by BATF, “made the decision to destroy all those children who were there.” The FBI’s decision to raid Mount Carmel, which resulted in the deaths of more then 80 people, was “morally justified” because four BATF agents had already been killed, Mr. Clinton said.
Dr. Stone said the FBI decision to use CS gas as a part of a plan to force the Branch Davidians to surrender “pushed the apocalyptic religious group” to mass suicide “just as the FBI had been warned by its own experts.” Attorneys and experts for the CAUSE Foundation do not believe the evidence shows that the Branch Davidians committed mass suicide as stated by Dr. Stone. Stone spoke with CAUSE Associate Director Dave Hollaway and said that the evidence given him in 1993 by the Justice Department led him to the conclusion that there was a mass suicide. This evidence, the recordings from “overhears” or listening devices placed inside Mount Carmel by the FBI, was not completely supported by the House congressional hearings on Waco.
“I cannot believe that the attorney general knowingly consented to a plan which would force the Branch Davidians to choose between watching their babies die or come out of the compound,” said Stone, who was named to be an independent Justice Department panel to make suggestions for changes in FBI procedures as a result of the tragedy at Waco.
“But it is equally difficult to believe that no one in the chain of command realized that the final CS attack was a way of holding a gun to the children’s heads to force the Branch Davidians to surrender,” Stone said. Dr. Stone stated FBI officials never documented the need for CS gas or made public any evidence the Attorney General Janet Reno had to authorize its use.
The FBI’s decision to raid the compound on April 19, 1993. . . . was morally justified because four (B)ATF agents had already been killed. President Bill Clinton.
He said an independent computer search of medical literature showed that children who inhaled CS gas risked “fulminating chemical pneumonia and death,” particularly infants at Mount Carmel who did not have “the lung capacity necessary to breathe through a gas mask.”
“The Justice Department report and the external factual investigation it authorized have never given a satisfactory explanation of why the CS attack was necessary or why the FBI pushed an apocalyptic religious group to such a choice,” Dr. Stone said.
The CS gas used by the FBI to break the siege at Waco had been banned for military use by the Chemical Weapons Convention in Paris in January, 1993. Known as O-chloro-benzalmalononitrile, CS was forced into Mount Carmel as a fine white powder, blown in by compressed methylene chloride and air from armored tanks driven by FBI agents. The chemical poured into the building for six hours before the structure erupted into windswept flames and burned in minutes. Seventeen of the two dozen children who died were younger than 10.
Chemical experts said the children would have been “panicked, their eyes would have involuntarily shut, their skin would have been burning, and they would have been gasping for air and coughing wildly.” Benjamin C. Garrett, then Executive Director of the Chemical and Biological Arms Control Institute in Alexandria, VA, said the children “would have been overcome with vomiting in a final hell.”
Attorney General Janet Reno said concern that children inside Mount Carmel were being sexually and physically abused was the overriding reason she approved the FBI plan to move against the Branch Davidians. She told reporters in April, 1993, that the FBI had told her of the suspected abuse.
But during an October, 1993, press briefing on the Justice Department review, Reno acknowledged she had been “mistaken.”
“I now understand that nobody in the bureau (FBI) told me that it was ongoing, We were briefed, and I misunderstood.” she said. “I thought there was actual evidence after February 28th of ongoing child abuse. I don't know whether there was ongoing child abuse or not.”
Unsubstantiated allegations of child abuse were used by government agents all through the Waco crisis to vilify Koresh and the Davidians and to gain public support for their final assault. These allegations have never been proved.
The White House at the time called the use of CS gas “appropriate” and said the government would use it again i necessary. “There are general, global, international prohibitions on the use of chemicals in warfare,” said White House officials. “Its just that there are certain kinds of gases that are appropriate for law enforcement.” the official said.
Dr. Stone, in a telephone interview with The Washington Times, said he was “surprised and disappointed” by the lack of cooperation from the FBI in his pursuit of information about the Waco raid. He said when he requested information on CS gas, he was given “ambiguous and irrelevant material.”
“Even after the fact, the FBI and the Justice Department have never acknowledged the true import of the CS dangers,” Dr. Stone said. When asked about the original BATF raid, Dr. Stone said “there was an incredible stupidity, incompetence and provocation by a reckless and overreaching federal agency.” Continued on Page 5.
4
Waco, Continued.
In October, 1993, the Justice Department concluded in its report on Waco that the department and the FBI “acted responsibly” in the raid and that Koresh was to blame for the carnage. The 348-page report said the introduction of CS gas into Mount Carmel was justified and that the ensuing fire that ravaged the facility was deliberately set by members of the Branch Davidians, a conclusion hotly contested by lawyers for CAUSE Foundation.
On the ABC News program 20/20, Janet Reno said she would order the FBI attack on Mount Carmel if she could do it over again. “But, based on the information I have to date,
I don’t think that there is anything different that I would do,” Reno said.
At present, lawyers for Branch Davidian survivors and their estates are combating the Justice Department’s attempt to get the litigation transferred back to Waco and Judge Walter S. Smith, Jr. Judge Smith presided over the criminal trials of the accused Davidians and showed his hostility to their cause by handing out ‘enhanced sentences’ over and above those called for by law. CAUSE Foundation had successfully transferred its pending Waco cases to the Houston federal bar and a different judge. ♦
Weaver, FBI, Continued.
Danny O. Coulson, now chief of the FBI’s Dallas, Texas office, but at the time of Ruby Ridge was deputy to Potts, then an assistant director in charge of criminal investigations in Washington, D.C.
Gale Richard Evans, now assistant chief of the Salt Lake City office, but then a unit chief for violent crimes in the criminal investigative division under Potts.
Anthony A. Betz, now assistant chief of the Baltimore office, but then a unit chief with Evans in the criminal investigative division.
Gene Glen, the FBI field commander at Ruby Ridge and then Special Agent in Charge of the Salt Lake City FBI Field Office, was forced into retirement by Potts and blamed for the killing of Vicki Weaver. Glen was not at the scene when Richard Rogers of the HRT gave the green light for the shooting. Rogers was given a short suspension and has returned to duty with the FBI.
Conspicuously absent from the disciplinary proceedings in the sniper who actually killed Vicki Weaver, Waco defendant Lon T. Horiuchi. Informed sources have told CAUSE lawyers that Horiuchi has been quietly transferred from the HRT but still remains with the FBI.
“I find it interesting that they would put these agents on ‘administrative leave’ after all the wrongdoing they’ve done.” said Kirk Lyons, CAUSE Executive Director. “I guess this means that Freeh will wait for things to blow over before reinstating his killer agents.” Lyons said that the suspensions prove that if you kill someone for the FBI, you’re only
going to be disciplined if you’re a political liability or if you get caught destroying evidence, not for actual destruction of evidence or murder.
“However, I do think the settlement of the case impacts the Waco litigation in a positive manner.” opined Lyons. “I think a jury will look at the Weaver incident and its aftermath and see the same defendants who lied and killed before,” said Lyons.
CAUSE Foundation initially represented Randy Weaver and his children in the aftermath of Ruby Ridge but Weaver switched to Gerry Spence, the flamboyant Montana criminal lawyer, after Spence pressured Weaver to drop CAUSE as Weaver’s representative. “We sure could have used the approximately $775,000.00 in attorneys fees that Spence and his associates will receive from the settlement to help finance the Waco litigation, said Lyons.
The Weaver settlement does not personally affect any of the individual agents involved in Ruby Ridge, the principle aim of the Waco litigation to curb government law enforcement excesses. ♦
‘Good Ol’ Boys’ Rounded Up in CAUSE Sting
A Senate committee is exploring whether a tolerant management at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (BATF) allowed the brazenly racist “Good Ol’ Boys Roundup” to flourish for 15 years. The Senate is also investigating allegations that surfaced concerning criminal activity, including drug use and rape, at the annual law enforcement party in the Tennessee hills.
During a hearing in which the BATF was again under the microscope, several members of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee expressed astonishment that directors of BATF and the federal government’s leading law enforcement agencies were unaware of the roundup even though it had been held annually since 1980.
BATF Director John W. Magaw, who appeared alongside the directors of the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Agency and senior officials from the Justice and Treasury departments, conceded that senior agents “should have been suspicious” as early as 1980. That was when the roundup was mentioned in an official BATF newsletter. The “Good Ol’ Boys Roundup is organized by agents of BATF.
Among the racist incidents were signs that greeted arriving officers saying “Nigger Checkpoint.” In a traditional Saturday-night skit highlighting the “Good Ol’ Boys” steak dinner, one BATF agent in Ku Klux Klan robes pulled a dildo and pretended to sodomize another agent who was masquerading as a Negro in blackface. Also included in the roundup were female nude dancers and consumption of illegal alcohol or moonshine.
On sale were T-shirts with Martin Luther King’s face behind a target, O.J. Simpson in a hangman’s noose and white D.C. police officers with a black man sprawled across that front of their patrol car under the words “Boyz on the Hood." Continued on Page 6.
5
‘Good OK Boys’, Continued.
“Nigger Hunting Licenses” also were available throughout the compound, consisting of mobile homes, trailers, tents, and pickups clustered around large beer trucks.
The Roundup, according to invitations sent out on official BATF stationary, has been coordinated unofficially for the past several years through the Greenville, S.C., BATF office, the same office which has CAUSE Foundation listed in its computers as a “criminal gang.” The Roundup is open to “any good oP boy invited to attend.” Non-law enforcement attendees must be sponsored and accompanied by a law enforcement officer and participants wear wristbands to verify that they were invited.
Roundup invitations show that participants were asked to send their registration fees, ranging from $70 to $90, to the Greenville BATF office and the office’s telephone number was listed for any questions concerning the event.
“Well, they have a constitutional right to assemble, put up signs, sell t-shirts, or do anything else as long as it doesn’t break the law,” said Kirk Lyons, Executive Director of CAUSE. “But what really disturbs me is that these are the same people who are crying to congress for more men, more money, and more firepower so that they can ‘combat the racist right and the militia groups,’” said Lyons. Its the mentality of these agencies: they want to take away everyone’s right to ownership of firearms as long as they get to keep their guns; they want to combat racism as along as they can still be racists, said Lyons of the Roundup,
The activities of the Roundup, which is attended by over 350 federal, state, local, and foreign law enforcement agents, including the Canadian Morals Unit, the agency responsible for investigation of “hate crimes” in Canada, first came to public light through a client of CAUSE Foundation.
The client, who must remain anonymous to protect his identity from federal retaliation, was a former police officer from a southeast metropolitan department and who had attended the Roundup for several years. In the course of discussions concerning his case, the activities of the Roundup came to light.
A video tape and several still photographs depicting racist activity of federal agents were sent to media sources by the client. CAUSE Foundation attorneys represented the client in confidential Senate and Justice Department investigations.
“They whole thing is just disgusting,” said Lyons, “its a violation of the Goose-Gander Rule (What’s sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander),” said Lyons of the double standard for FBI and BATF agents and those they seek to prosecute for “hate crimes.” ♦
Related Waco Developments	p
In related developments, BATF Special Agent Robert Rodriguez, the undercover agent who “infiltrated” Mount	J
Carmel Center, says he has become a scapegoat for the	.
raid. Rodriguez accuses high BATF officials of blaming him for botching the investigation to hide their own mistakes. Rodriguez’s complaint, filed in a lawsuit in Waco, Texas,	n
alleges the bureau officials violated his privacy and civil	-r
rights, defamed him and conspired to blame him.
During the height of the Waco Hearings, a burglar broke	-i
into the car of a White House lawyer preparing for Senate ^ questioning in the Whitewater affair and stole copies o t handwritten notes about the handling of Vince W. Foster’s papers. The files also contained information on the Waco raid. The document binder included copies of the lawyer’s , notes and correspondence between the White House and Congress. Whitewater investigators are inquiring as to whether documents were taken from Foster’s office after his J alleged suicide.
Foster, who was White House Deputy Counsel, was involved in the planning of the FBI final assault on Mount Carmel and his reaction to the burning of the Branch Davidian structure could have played a role in his suicide three months later. Foster’s concerns about the Waco conflagration surfaced a year after his death during an FBI interview with his widow, Lisa, who said the Waco standof had caused her husband a “great deal of stress” and he was “horrified” when the site burned to the ground, thinking it was “his fault.”
A key FBI psychological analyst stated that he was “ignored” at Waco. Two years after the deaths of 80 people at Mount Carmel, Peter Smerick, the FBI’s lead criminal analyst and profiler of David Koresh has charged that bureau officials, including Waco lawsuit defendants Larry Potts, Richard Rogers, Lon Horiuchi, and Byron Sage, pressured him into changing his advice on how to resolve the situation without bloodshed.
Mr. Smerick, now retired from the FBI, said he had counseled a cautious, non-confrontational approach to Koresh in four memos written from Waco for senior FBI officials. Smerick stated that he was pressured from above as he was writing a fifth memo on March 9. As a result, that memo contained subtle changes in tone and emphasis that amounted to an endorsement of a more aggressive approach against the Branch Davidians, ultimately leading to unleashing Rogers and Horiuchi on Mount Carmel. Smerick said he believes the FBI rushed to judgment on what kind of man Koresh was, as well as what it would take to make him give up. Continued on Page 7.
The Balance is a newsletter published by CAUSE Foundation, a nonpolitical public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international human-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editorial and submission inquires should be sent to Editor, The Balance, Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711.
Copies of The Balance are free upon request. A year's subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 foreign.
All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance, P. O. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC, 28711.
6
Related Developments, Continued.
At the time of Waco, Smerick was a senior agent from the bureau’s Behavioral Science Center in Quantico, Va, also the headquarters for the Hostage Rescue Team (HRT) headed by Richard Rogers. Smerick wrote psychological profiles of David Koresh to counsel FBI tacticians and negotiators on what kind of approach might work best. These memos urged the FBI to wait Koresh out and warned that an increase in pressure might lead to a catastrophe. These memos were not to the liking of the action-imperative types at Quantico nor to the HRT. Smerick was pressured to adopt a “get tough with Koresh” approach and left Waco in disgust after writing the fifth memo.
The following month, the FBI got the go ahead from Attorney General Janet Reno for its plan to inject teargas into the building. A key piece of information which persuaded Reno to allow the assault was the fifth memo; Reno was never shown the four previous memos authored by Smerick. CAUSE lawyers intend to call Smerick as a witness in the civil lawsuit.
A freshman republican from Texas, Steve Stockman, wants Janet Reno “indicted for premeditated murder.” Stockman contends that President Clinton was not unhappy about the outcome of the siege at Waco. “Waco was supposed to be a way for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms and the Clinton Administration to prove a need for a ban on so-called assault weapons,” Stockman said, “it was no coincidence that Waco happened at the beginning of Bill Clinton’s term.” The House had earlier refused to ban semiautomatic weapons “so an incident had to be encouraged to happen,” alleged Stockman.
In a letter to Attorney General Janet Reno, Stockman indicated he had heard from reliable sources that the government was planning a raid on armed citizen militias and warned her against it. Predictions of such a raid were being circulated on the Internet.
Stockman’s no-nonsense style has quickly made him a leader among freshmen Republicans who swept in on the landslide in November. Stockman has been identified as the voice of the new Right, with his views on issues like term limits, abortion, and the billion dollar bailout of Mexico quoted often in the new media. ♦
'Delays have dangerous ends/	Shake-
speare, Henry VI.
Another summer has come and gone, and remarkably, we’re still here. Summer is always a low time for CAUSE Foundation because many of our supporters have gone on vacation and donations are at an all time low.
CAUSE now has about ten cases in full time litigation. We have two confederate flag cases, one police brutality case, one false arrest and malicious prosecution case (Waco related), one unlawful seizure case (Waco related), and five cases arising directly out of the February 28 BATF raid and the April 19 fire at Mount Carmel.
This doesn’t include all of our other activities which include preparing information and exhibits for the congressional hearings on Waco and Weaver, legal research for others, prisoner litigation, and just being here to answer your questions on the phone; our phone bill averages over $700 dollars a month.
While it appears that whoever was responsible for the Oklahoma City bombing sent a message to the government and that, properly chastised, they will mend their ways, we wouldn’t count too much on it. Anyone who watched the Waco hearings could plainly see they haven’t.
We could recount to you the continued bungling and excesses of many federal law enforcement agencies, such as the BATF agent who stomped a kitten to death in front of some children while search a house (nothing was found, of course), but it would only bore you and we don’t have enough pages anyway.
At CAUSE, we believe the only way to curb these agents is to go after them personally; not the United States like they did in the Weaver litigation. If the government pays the bill (with your money), then the agents are as free as before to continue their unconstitutional practices. And while “administrative leave” may make others pause to think, seizing and running over Stephen Higgin’s house (former BATF director) with a bulldozer on national television would give them even more pause for thought. :
We have exhausted all of our legal tricks for delaying the Waco litigation. The latest transfer to Houston and consolidation of the cases was the last salvo in the legal paper war. We must now go to trial. After the judge rules this month on the pending dispositive motions, we must complete discovery and proceed to trial. We can’t delay any longer.
As you may remember reading in earlier issues of The Balance, we have tried over the last two years to interest the NRA, or organizations with the resources to support the Waco litigation. Several times they have voted to support us and then later withdrawn it because of political cold feet. Meanwhile, the NRA spent more than the $50,000 we asked them for on hiring Failure Analysis, Inc. to analyze the April 19, 1993 fire at Waco. After their analysis, the findings didn’t even make it before congress because of fear of NRA taint. Great.
All of this just goes to reinforce how important each and every donation from our supporters is to our efforts. Without your continued generous support, the Waco cases will collapse. And as the statute of limitations has run, the government and the federal agents would be off the hook forever! You must help us now!
We, meaning CAUSE and our supporters, have been in this great struggle against federal tyranny for now over two years. We cannot quit while we are on the threshold of victory.
The Weaver case is over but Horiuchi and Rogers are still free and unpunished. Only though our efforts in the Waco litigation can we bring them to justice. Please, won’t you send us your most generous donation today to support our lawsuit efforts. We thank you in advance for your kind support. ♦
7