and
wsletter of Civil Rights Current Events
-1
*

I-------------
|June 1992
I_____________
Published by CAUSE FOUNDATION
D. M. A. Hoi 1 away, Editor
l
Vol. 3 No. 2 | ______________I
A TASTE OF ARMAGEDDON
Too Tough for Terminator
Los Angeles, CA- As most US citizens sat glued to the television screen, hell broke loose in the city of angels. Riots by black looters erupted after a jury acquitted four white policemen of assaulting Rodney King, a black. Armored cars and 2,000 National Guardsmen patrolled the streets after LA police were completely overwhelmed by the violence. President Bush had to send federal troops in full battle dress to restore order.
Needless to say, most know of the terrible atrocities committed by blacks against lone whites. Terrified whites armed themselves for a bloody showdown as escalating violence sparked a white backlash. Dozens of white civilians were roaming the streets firing handguns at will. The whole city was a war zone.
Former sedition trial defendant Louis Ray Beam, Jr. was in Los Angeles at the outbreak of the hostilities. "It was a real war zone... the local television news had footage you never saw on CNN... the American people only saw about one-tenth of what actually happened in LA." Beam was stranded at his hotel because of the shutdown of LA International Airport. "Planes couldn’t take off because black rioters were shooting at them with weapons looted from gun stores... I hadn’t seen anti-aircraft fire like that since Vietnam!" Beam is the recipient of 19 Air Medals and the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Arnold Schwartzenegger, who played the fearless cyborg in the Terminator movies, fled in his army Hummvee vehicle when the rioting erupted. Copycat riots erupted in Atlanta, Detroit, Dallas, Houston, New York and Miami. It appeared to be open season on whites by blacks.
CAUSE fears that the turmoil will be used by the government for more restrictive gun laws and legislative attacks on personal freedoms for "public safety." While Korean storeowners sniped at black looters from rooftops, congressmen were drafting an amendment to repeal the Second Amendment (see related story). More than 40
people were killed, thousands injured, and many thousands arrested. This can only be a taste of the future of America as forced multi-cultural integration breaks down into every armed man for himself: a taste of Armageddon.
CAUSE ON GERALDO
New York, NY- CAUSE Executive Director Kirk D. Lyons appeared on the Geraldo Show with WA.R. activists Tom and John Metzger. Also appearing on the show were the Rev. A1 Sharpton and other black activists and was taped on April 28th. "The thrust of the show was to be Civil Rights but not much was said because of the antics of Sharpton and his henchmen." said Lyons. "We just sat there being reasonable while Sharpton made our points for us with his ravings."
Not shown on the show, which was aired May 12th, was a near riot that broke out on the set at the end. Sharpton’s goons confronted Geraldo Rivera and threatened violence. The NYPD constabulary rushed in and saved Rivera from another nose job. Lyons and company had to be smuggled out thn back into a waiting limousine while blacks armed with baseball bats waited out front, possibly practicing for the King riots.
FORSYTH COUNTY DEFENDANT HAS HEART ATTACK IN DEES DEPOSITION
Raleigh, NC- Forsyth County march defendant J. W. Farrands was struck by a heart attack during a stressful deposition conducted by Morris Dees and the Southern Poverty Law Center. Farrands, Imperial Wizard of the Invisible Empire, Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, is sought to be brought in as a defendant in the Forsyth County civil rights trial against the Klan and codefendant David Holland (see related story).
Because of the blunted but successful prosecution of Holland for perjury stemming from a Dees post-judgement
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
deposition, Farrands became agitated at the constant ksis#hte of Dees to answer questions concerning his financial affairs.
"It was clear that he (Farrands) was physically ill and the deposition was too much for him." said attorney Kirk Lyons, who assisted Farrands local counsel during the deposition. Farrands became more ill later that evening and was admitted to a local hospital complaining of chest pain. Medical examination revealed the Farrands, 56, had suffered an acute myocardial infarction, or heart attack, during the deposition, most likely brought on by his anxiety about being prosecuted in the manner of Holland.
CAUSE affiliated attorney Charles R. Sheppard of Augusta, GA has filed a application for a protective order preventing Dees from deposing Farrands until his health recovers. Donations are being sought to help Farrands defray the considerable legal expenses in his battle with the Southern Poverty Law Center. Metzger appeal attorney Michael Null of Chicago has entered the case.
HOLLAND SENTENCED IN PERJURY CASE
Atlanta, GA- A federal judge refused to send former Ku Klux Klan leader David Holland to prison, saying Holland may have been selectively prosecuted for perjury because of his Klan membership.
Holland was found guilty of three felony charges of perjury for allegedly lying about his finances to avoid paying damages to black civil rights protesters who claimed injury in a rock-throwing incident at a 1987 march in Forsyth County, GA. The protestors where represented by Morris Dees and the Southern Poverty Law Center of Montgomery, AL.
When convicted, Holland could have been sentenced to a maximum of 15 years and a fine of up to $750,000.00. Instead, US Federal Judge Orinda Evans place Holland on two years probation with the provision that he spend the first six months confined to his home. She suspended the probation pending the outcome of Holland’s appeal. "I do believe there is substantial issue for appeal," the judge said.
Dave Holland, who represented himself pro se and was aided by CAUSE attorney Kirk D. Lyons, repeatedly claimed that he believes he was brought to trial solely because of his Klan membership. "If I had not been a Klan member, this case would not have been investigated, much less prosecuted," he told the judge.
In her ten years as a federal judge, Evans said the District Court has never heard a perjury case arising from a civil damage suit. Holland’s case is on appeal.
NEW ADDITION
Austin, TX- On 8 June 1992 at 7:07 a.m., William Wallace Lyons was born to Kirk David and Brenna Signc Lyons. William was born at the home of CAUSE Director Dr. Neill
H. Payne, DC in Austin and weighed in at eight pounds, three ounces. Mother and baby are doing fine.
CONGRESS SEEKS TO APPEAL 2ND
AMENDMENT
*>
Washington, DC- Advocates of gun control and confiscation have found an ally in Rep. Major Owens (D-NY) who has introduced a resolution, H.J. Res. 438, that would repeal the Second Amendment to the US Constitution.
The resolution, in the form of a Constitutional Amendment, is not expected to make it out of the Judiciary Committee where it was referred in April. This resolution represents the first time that gun confiscation advocates have made the admission that the Second Amendment does not merely grant states the right to form armed militias, but guarantees the right of individuals to own firearms.
Congress and the states are constantly testing the limits of the Second Amendment by passing restrictive laws against gun ownership such as waiting periods, registration, and the banning of some types of firearms.
In a side note, Los Angeles citizens were shockingly informed that they couldn’t pick up their recently purchased handgun for 15 days while mobs armed themselves by looting gunstores not more than a mile away.
However, if gun control advocates have been right about the Second Amendment, this amendment would provide an interesting Constitutional test in that it would force states to disband their state-controlled military forces and nothing more.
\---------------------------------------------------------------1
THE BALANCE is a newsletter published by CAUSE FOUNDATION, a non-political public service corporation dedicated to the preservation of international human-civil rights. Permission is granted to anyone to freely reproduce this publication in whole or in part. Editor-al and submission inquires should be sent to Post Office Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711. Not responsible for unsolicited materials.
_____________________________________________________________  I
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
FEDERAL HATE LAW BILL
Washington, DC- HR 4794, a hate-crime sentencing act, has been introduced in Congress by Rep. Charles Schumer (D-NY) and Sen. Paul Simon (D-IL), which would allow federal judges to impose longer sentences for crimes that are "motivated by animus for a particular religious, ethnic, or other minority group." Other minority groups include homosexual activists which have joined the Anti-Defamation League in supporting the legislation and its antecedent, the Hate Crimes Statistics Act.
The National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, a major sponsor of the bill, views hate crimes legislation as a device to dismantle anti-sodomy laws, and a means of criminalizing the opposition to the expression of opposition to the homosexual sub-culture.
The federal legislation introduced by Schumer and Simon is modeled on hate crime laws which have been passed by many states. A typical hate-crime ordinance, passed by the City of St. Paul, MN, makes the display of "offensive" signs or symbols, as well as speech, a criminal act if it causes anxiety among a group of people.
Civil rights leaders have challenged the St. Paul law as a dangerous attempt to restrict speech and thought, and the US Supreme Court has heard the case and will rule this term. CAUSE (formerly PDF) has filed a brief Amicus Curiae before the Court on the St. Paul case.
HATE CRIME VICTIM WINS $1.75 MILLION
Chicago, IL- A federal jury took less than 15 minutes to award $L75 million in damages to a black woman who alleged she was the victim of a racially motivated attack by "skinheads." Mary Lampkin, 49, claimed she suffers from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, a condition commonly attributed to Vietnam veterans, and that she was unlikely to recover.
Lampkin’s lawyers, Frederick Sperling and Elizabeth Shuman-Moore, pronounced the verdict as a record for damages in a federal hate crime case in Chicago and that the forewoman of the jury said they doubled the punitive damages to $1.5 million "in order to send a message that such conduct won’t be tolerated." Sperling represented Lampkin pro bono with two other attorneys from Schiff, Hardin, and Waite as part of the Hate Violence Project of the Chicago Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under the Law, which Shuman-Moore heads.
The two surviving skinheads (one was killed in a auto accident last year) do not have any assets or substantial incomes, but plaintiff attorneys plan to garnish 15 percent of the skin’s wages as permitted by law.
The jury, composed of three blacks and three whites, also awarded Lampkin the $250,000.00 she requested in compensatory damages. Lampkin claimed that the skinheads yelled racial threats, threatened her life, and sprayed a
disabling chemical in her face. However, no evidence of chemical burns or irritation were discovered but a fellow school employee testified that he witnessed Lampkin’s "cries of pain" when she sought help in the school.
RACIAL HATRED MOTIVATES KILLINGS
Gary, IN- A Lake County, IN jury heard a convicted killer explain in halting, incomplete sentences how his anger against white people led him to kill two brothers in their Gary tailor shop.
'Angry... angry feeling inside of me," Christopher Peterson, 23, told police in a recorded confession. "They were white people... and I had this vengeance. It just snapped."
Peterson admitted to the seven killings in a spree of random shotgun slayings that spread fear among white northwest Indiana residents from October through December of 1990.
Both brothers where shot execution style in the back of the head.
THREE BLACKS SENTENCED IN RACIAL ATTACK
Milwaukee, WI- Three black men who beat a white man and then chased him until he jumped in the lake and drowned in 1990 have been sentenced to a combination of jail, probation and community service. The Milwaukee County Circuit Judge, Ted E. Wedemeyer, also ordered the three to pay $500 each toward a scholarship in memory of their 21-year-old victim.
Before they were sentenced, all three told the judge that they attacked their victim after exchanging racial slurs with another white man earlier that night. Judge Wedemeyer placed each of the three killers on three years’ probation and ordered them to perform 2,000 hours of community service.
Two of the attackers were ordered to serve one-year terms in the Franklin House of Corrections, a minimum security facility; the other was given a shorter sentence -10 months -
because he threw a life preserver to his victim as he went under.
Copies of The Balance are free upon request.
A year's subscription to The Balance is available for a $20.00 donation; $40.00 Foreign.
All questions and correspondence concerning this publication should be addressed to Editor, The Balance.
P. 0. Box 1235, Black Mountain, NC 28711.
I_________________________________________________________
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191
WAR CRIMES CHARGES DROPPED
CANADIAN FEDS TO PAY COSTS OF PROSECUTION
OTTAWA, CANADA- The Canadian government has dropped war-crimes charges against a Canadian man accused of murdering 400 Jews during WWII. This is the third consecutive prosecution by the Canadian Justice Department to end in failure: no suspected war criminal has ever been successfully prosecuted in Canada.
Lawyer Jim Sutton told the court that there was not enough evidence to convict 74-year-old Michael Pawlowski, a retired carpenter. A judge refused permission last year to send a special commission to Germany and the former Soviet Union to gather additional evidence against Pawlowski. In view of the recent Demjanjuk acquittal, such evidence would have been speculative at best.
Mr. Justice James Chadwick of the Ontario Court general division ruled Pawlowski would not receive a fair trial if the testimony of 12 elderly witnesses who refused to come to Canada was videotaped and played before the jury. Pawlowski’s right to confront his accusers and cross-examine hostile witnesses would have been violated.
The Supreme Court of Canada refused to hear an appeal of that ruling and without the videotaped witnesses, there was absolutely no evidence in the case.
A native of Belarus in the former Soviet Union, Pawlowski was a member of the local police force near Minsk and was alleged to have taken part in the roundup and execution of 400 Jews in 1942 and the killing of two Jewish women shortly thereafter. The main witness against Pawlowski admitted more than a year ago that his 1985 statement placing Pawlowski at the scene of the alleged massacre was "totally manufactured" by the KGB, the Soviet Secret Police. The man died two months after the admission.
Defense lawyer Don Bayne said that the prosecution was "fuelled in part by politics and palpable interest group pressure," referring to Jewish groups who have urged Canada to act against suspected Nazis living there.
Justice Minister Kim Campbell defended the decision to prosecute Pawlowski, but said "there are clear and obvious difficulties based upon the lapse of time, the age of witnesses, and changing political circumstances." Justice Chadwick ruled that the Crown must pay $155,000.00 to Pawlowski for damages in the prosecution.
REVISIONIST CAN SUE JEWS:
If he weren’t dead.
Los Angeles, CA- The US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals has held that David McCalden, revisionist from Belfast, Northern Ireland, can bring suit against Jewish groups that prevented him from speaking at a Holocaust revisionist conference in 1984. McCalden died in 1990.
The case stems from a withdrawn invitation from the California Library Association to McCalden to provide an exhibit at its convention and address a panel discussion on
"The Holocaust and Free Speech." The Library Association canceled McCalden’s appearance after protests from the American Jewish Committee and the Simon Wiesenthal Center.
McCalden filed suit in 1986 alleging a conspiracy to violate his civil rights. He claimed that the Library Association was threatened with having the conference raided, property destruction, and that they would be ‘wiped out.’ Both Jewish groups acknowledge that they applied pressure to the Association to have the presentation canceled.
Last November, four years later and after McCalden’s death, the three-judge Appeals Court panel reversed the District Court’s dismissal for failure to state a claim and allowed the original suit to go forward. His widow vows to continue the prosecution of the case.
LOST CAUSE
Many thanks are sent to our supporters for their generous contributions made in response to our last newsletter. After a serious slump, we are now in a position to begin some offensive legal work. For security and space reasons, we can’t always write about the exact work we’re doing at moment.
In the American Revolution, people melted down the family silver and poured it into musket balls to repel a common enemy: all we’re asking for is a monthly donation.
Please take a moment right now to send us a donation so that we can keep on the offensive and protect your rights. Please don’t let our CAUSE be lost!
NOTE
A few supporters have sent their kind donations with a note telling us that no thank you is necessary. In truth, it costs us more time, money, and energy to select out some of our supporters than to just send the thank you card. So please just bear with us and let us thank you!
CAUSE DIRECTOR KIRK DAVID LYONS
Office: (704) 669-5189 Fax: (704) 669-5191