These so-called governments are in reality only great bands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert. Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to be truely so, must be right in itself; yet many things have obtained the name of ' rights, which are originallyJbunded in wrong. ^	Thomas	Paine, 1780
Volume V	Summer/Autumn	1999	Number	3
PUBLISHED QUARTERLY BY
John P. Zenger Press, Ltd.
$10.00
NOW AVAILABLE...
A Book You
Will Want To Read...
WHO
SHALL
ASCEND?
Fr. James F. Wathen, O.S.J.
A Treatise on The Catholic Faith & The Conciliar Church
A Companion Book to The Great Sacrilege by the Same Author
Chapters dealing with...the Dogma of Faith, Moral Responsibility, Charity & Justice, Pacifism & the Morality of War, Socialism, the Demise of Communism, the Second Vatican Council, the Conciliar Popes, Sedevacantism, the present duty of Catholics, and other subjects—680 pages, in paperback. Both Who Shall Ascend? and The Great Sacrilege are essential reading for serious-minded Catholics.
I Who Shall Ascend?...................................  $35.00	(P&H	$3.00)
• The Great Sacrilege..................................$10.00	(P&H	$1.50)
•	You can receive both titles for.....................$40.00	(P&H	$4.50)
USE THE COUPON BELOW, ORDER BY CHECK OR MONEY ORDER
Yes, please send me:	 copies	of	Who Shall Ascend?
______copies of The Great Sacrilege
NAME__________________________________________|_____________________________
STREET ADDRESS____________________________________
CITY_________________________________STATE____________ZIP	__________________
Enclosed is my check or money order for $ ________________
Payable to: PRIORY of ST. JOHN the BAPTIST Book Fund 3014 S. Third Street Louisville, Kentucky 40208 Phone (502) 637-3839 / Fax (502) 634-9530
Book(s) will be sent immediately. This flyer mey be copied; selling these books is an apostolate for u$.
The RESISTER
Publisher John Peter Zenger Managing Editor SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.) Associate Editors Susan L.M. Huck, PhD.;
SFC John S. Mosby Contributing Editors Dr. Gerald Atkinson, CRD., USN (Ret.) LCDRJames Lawrence, USN (Ret.) Martin Luther, Officer of Marines Zebulon B.Vance John Bolton Ingrid Rimland, Ed.D.
Research Department The Aunts Research Associates McCann Research Associates Illustrator Michael Paul; McClinton Advertising & Marketing Peter Yarborough Distribution Sandy Brighton ISSN:	1099-9140
The Resister is published quarterly by Special Forces Underground and John P. Zenger Press. Address correspondence to: Boxholder, PO Box 35046, Fayetteville, North Carolina 28303, U.S.A. Subscription price: U.S., 850.00; Foreign, SUS75.00; Library, 8150.00 per year. Single copy; 815.00. The editor will consider unsolicited material, but is not obligated to acknowledge receipt or to return manuscripts. Any contributor who is not notified by The RESISTER within 90 days after submitting a manuscript may assume that The RESISTER is unable to publish the material. Copyright © 1999 by The Resister. All rights reserved. Requests to reprint or republish any article in this issue, by any means or method now known, or invented in the future, must be submitted in writing to the publisher.
Statement of Editorial Policy The philosophy of The Resister is straightforward: Individual rights, strict constitutional construction, limited republican government, nationalism, isolationism, and freedom ofenterprise; in short, the principles upon which i America was founded.
We oppose: Socialism, atheism, j egalitarianism, feminism, democracy, internationalism, Zionism, and the United Nations; in short, the ideologies oftyranny.
Our goal is the restoration of the Constitutional Republic as it was originally conceived and founded.___
These so-called governments are in reality only great bands of robbers and murderers, organised, disciplined, and constantly on the alert. Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to be truely so, must be right in itself many things have obtained the name of rights, which are originally founded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
Volume V	Summer/Autumn	1999	Number	3
CONTENTS	
FEATURES	
Correspondence	03
Editorials 8c Commentaries	
Multiculturalism and the Military	11
Camp Follower Friday	13
America’s Death By 1,000 Cuts	14
Horror Quotes	34
Lebensraum!	39
Commentaries	45
Periodic Intelligence Report	51
Leadership and Ethics Training	52
at the U.S. Naval Academy	
by Dr. Gerald Atkinson, CDR, USN (Ret.)	
Books 8c Reviewables	
Soldiers of God	87
Comply! Submit! Surrender!	93
Selling Out America For Cash	96
The Neo-Con Con	97
The Yellow Peril	98
Standing Alone	99
America (An ad review)	100
The ANTI-FEDERALIST	
What is the Color of Crime in America?	63
Jared Taylor
The PARTISAN
The Defense ofVillages and Small Towns	77
Colonel G.A. Wade, M.C.
The RESISTER
What will you do when they come to take your guns?

TURNER
DIARIES


When, in the not-too-distant future, the U.S. bans the private possession of firearms and stages the Gun Raids to round up suspected gun owners, Eari Turner and his fellow patriots are forced underground. The hated Equality Police begin hunting them down, but the patriots fight back with a campaign of sabotage and assassination. As the struggle escalates an all-out race war occurs, with the government enlisting the non-White minorities to put down the White rebels. Turner and his comrades suffer terribly, but their ingenuity and boldness in devising and executing new methods of guerrilla warfare lead to an eventual victory of cataclysmic intensity and worldwide scope.
This is the book which the FBI and the controlled media have been claiming is the "blueprint” for everything from the Oklahoma City bombing to the takeover of the U.S. government by "White extremists." It is the "Bible" of the "racist right," they say. It is the book most hated and feared by the gun-control crowd.
Too many things predicted in the book have been coming true, they believe, and they're afraid that if more people read the book the rest of it also may come true. Actually, says the author, the book is merely a vehicle, in the form of an exciting novel about urban guerrilla warfare and revolution, for his ideas about race and society. You’ll have to read it for yourself to see who’s right THE TURNER DIARIES 211 pages soft cover	$12.95
"White Power, White Pride!"
TW WWw Snffiiift Mowsnmr m r He United bum
X
Betty A Dobratx end Stephanie L Shanks-Matle
WHITE POWER, WHITE PRIDE: THE WHITE SEPARATIST MOVEMENT IN THE UNITED STATES by Dobratz and Shanks-Meile. Two college professors have written the first relatively unbiased book about today's White nationalist movement in America. There have been dozens of books on this subject, but until this book they have been written by those who, for the most part, never left their Manhattan apartments or Beverly Hills condos and never even bothered to interview any White nationalists. The authors of White Power, White Pride not only conducted many interviews, but also they attended many of the meetings and annual get-togethers of the various groups. They name the major players and describe the major groups with major sections on history, ideology, protest and violence. Covered are four main divisions: Ku Klux Klan, National Socialists, Skinheads, and Christian Identity. The authors make a clear distinction between the groups' actual belief of White separatism versus the media's false label of White supremacy. They also show that there is a distinction between the media's label "racism" and the actual ideology of these groups, which is racialism. A book not to be missed if you want to know what is going on in America.
364 pp hard cover	$33.00
GERMANY MUST PERISH by Kaufman—1941 book outlining plan to sterilize all Germans. 60 pp soft cover $4.95
MY COMMANDO OPERATIONS by Skorzeny—Autobiography of Hitler’s and probably history's greatest and most feared commando leader including insights into major German operations. 332 pp hard cover $35.00
RACE by John Baker—By an Oxford scholar Best comparison of Whites and Africans. 623 pp hardcover $24.95
ORIGINS OF THE SECOND WORLD WAR by Prof A J P Taylor—Exposes the true origins of WW2 and how the US was suckered into an unnecessary, bloody war with Germany. "Superlatively written." 298 pp soft cover $14.00
BEHINO COMMUNISM by Britton-Exposes ethnic group behind communist movement 94 pp soft cover $3.95
THE INTERNATIONAL JEW by Henry Ford—Top US industrialist’s famous research. 4 books 1023 pp soft $32.00
RACE. INTELLIGENCE, AND BIAS IN ACADEME by Pearson—Leftist & minorities run US univs. 304 pp soft $17.50
TIGER ACE by Simpson Story of Michael Wittman a farm boy who became history's greatest tank commander. He destroyed 138 tanks and 132 antitank guns before being killed by Shermans. Deluxe hard cover book. $35.00
MYTHS OF THE NORSEMEN by Guerber-Rich detail on Thor, Odin, Yggdrasil, etc. 397 pp soft cover $10.95
JEWISH POWER by J J Goldberg—Arthur Goldberg's son discusses their power in the US. 458 pp soft cover $14.95
THE ALAMO by John Meyers—Best account of fighting Mexicans to capture Texas. 240 pp soft cover $9.95
BEYOND GOOD AND EVIL by Nietzsche—Philosophy of race, peoples, gender, etc. 239 pp soft cover $10.95
BRAVOS OF THE WEST by Meyers—True story of US's wiklest/botoest pioneers & cowboys. 467 pp soft $14.95
KNIGHTS OF THE REICH—Story of WW2 Germany's 27 greatest warriors: stuka, fighter, and night fighter pilots, tank commanders, submariners. & generals. Rudel alone destroyed 500 Russian tanks. 352 pp hard cover $29.95
This is the decade’s most controversial book by the officer seeker most hated by the I mainstream media. David Duke's book is essentially three books in one:
First Duke explains how he came to believe that Blacks and Whites are irrecondl-| ably different. He then goes on to review and analyze historical and scientific research up to the present concerning IQ, crime, personality differences, how differences evolved, and much more. You will be surprised.
In the second part Duke covers the Jewish question including: Jews' relationship to bolshevism and their activities in the former USSR; Jewish 'Suprematism' from biblical days to the present Jews in the US communist. civil rights, immigration, and feminist movements; Jewish media control; the true nature and cause of anti-Semitism; Israel; and Zionism. Comprehensive and interesting if not shocking.
The third part of My Awakening is more autobiographical and includes a history of Duke's radical political activities from his joining the Klan in high school, to founding a nationalist party after traveling to Laos during the Vietnam war, to organizing an updated Klan group, and finally to founding of the National Association for the Advancement of White People. Duke covers his successes and setbacks in Louisiana and national politics.
My Awakening is carefully researched with over 1000 references and 130 illustrations. Read it if you dare.
736 pp hard cover	$29.95
Shipping & Handing In the USA add $3.00 for first book, then 50< per book.
Foreign Orders: For details send $2.00 for main catalog.
Please print name and mailing address clearly.
Send check or money order (no COD**) to:
Hours of reading enjoyment in 80-page catalog
CATALOG—Here are over 600 books and tapes that prove that today's problems are not just caused by well-meaning liberals. The cause is much deeper. The news media are not biased because they are ignorant Includes the best and most reliable and trustworthy books from both underground and major publishers. Many of these you won't be able to find anywhere else The famous, hard-hitting article. "Who Rules the Media?,* is included in every 80-page catalog. Regularly $2 for a catalog, but FREE until 12-31-1999 if you mention the magazine The Resistor
http://www.natvan.com or http://www.natall.com
NATIONAL VANGUARD BOOKS, Dept RR • POB 330 • Hillsboro WV 24946
The lawperverted! ...The law, Isay, not only turned from its proper purpose but made to jollow and entirely contrary purpose!
Frederic Bastiat
Corr
As usurpation is the exercise of power which another hath a right to, so tyranny is the exercise of power beyond right, which nobody can have a right to. John Locke, 1681
ence
Letter From the Editor
Late (Again)
This issue ofThe Resister is late for a number of reasons, primarily having to do with your editor finding himself in the middle of unfolding (or rather, unraveling) Waco developments. Between writing statements regarding the Army’s role in that atrocity for the Waco survivors’ attorneys — which Establishment butt-puppet, Judge Smith, threw out as “outrageous!” (the truth is always an outrage to our nomenklatura) — days on the phone being interviewed by the Dallas Morning News, Washington Post, Spotlight, Washington Times, Ft. Worth Star-Telegram, The Drudge Report, Associated Press, and Mr. Mike McNulty (for who I gave about 8 hours of taped interviews — involving days of travel — for his forthcoming documentary sequel), doing research for and advising the above journalists about which Freedom of Information Act requests they should file, and tracking down documentation, the priority ofwork on this issue ofThe Resister went right out the window. In all, about a month’s worth ofwork, which is how late this issue is.
Readers who have been following the Waco story know that several aspects of the information now coming to light, particularly the role played by the USArmy in general, and Combat Application Group in particular, were first reported in The Resister three years ago, and are now being confirmed by CIA sources. Further, that I passed that, and other information on to Mr. James Pate, late of Soldier of Fortune magazine, who wrote numerous articles about Army involvement at Waco, in domestic law enforcement, and CAG’s use of
Vol. V, No. 3
American towns and cities as live-fire training areas. Also, that I wrote an article for The New American concerning the Army’s involvement in domestic law enforcement. (Bottom line: Only subjective “law” needs to be “enforced, objective law need merely be policed.)
Personally, I don’t spend sleepless nights wringing my hands and worrying about Waco.^^^^^^^l What happened on 19 April 1993 was an effect, not a cause of the fundamental evil embodied in our democratic (read Communist) so-called “government.”
We have a govern-ment run by Jews, homosexuals, Negroes, Mestizos, females, “Greens,” atheists, and other obscene assortments of minority groups and the carnival barkers who pander to them, who daily confirm my definition of democracy as, “The demand by the stupid to rule the intelligent because the stupid outnumber the intelligent.” So, wnat do you expect from our “government?” Probity? Reason? Christ, people, wake up! This is not a government, it’s a freak show.
I made one point to Mme. Jennifer Autrey of the Fort Worth Star-Telegram'. “If US soldiers had been used to attack a church and kill civilians in, say, Mexico, reporters such as yourself would be screaming bloody murder and demanding heads on platters. They do it here, and all you people do is yawn and claim the victims had it coming. If the FBI had attacked a ‘compound’ of Jews, you people would obediently shriek in unison until your vocal cords tore. They attack Christians and you ‘reporters’ ho-hum and
Welcome to the Jewnited States of America; land of the meek, home of the
craven.
parrot whatever party line you are fed.” Her response was, “Uh....” Uh, indeed.
Here is my prediction on the proposed new Waco hearings should they ever be convened. The “independent” investigation headed by Establishment apparatchik, former Menshevik Senator John Danforth, will exonerate the FBI, and Congress’ hearings committee will be sabotaged from within in much the same manner, and by the same tribe — Sen. Charles Jewmer is already at work undermining the proposed hearings, as he did the first hearings — that sabotaged Sen. Joseph McCarthy’s anti-Communist hearings.
.....	Welcome	to	the
Jewnited States of America; land of the meek, home of the craven.
T
New Columnist
he Resister welcomes a new columnist, Mme. Ingrid Rimland, Ed.D., author of Lebensraum!, a trilogy novel spanning the generations of German settlers of the Ukraine and lower Volga, from their search for lebensraum (living space), through their merciless oppression byjewish Bolsheviks following the Jew-led Russian Revolution, to their liberation by the Wehrmacht.
(German) Czarina Catherine the Great’s invitation to German settlers, “No lice. No sloth. No criminals. No Jews,” attracted tens of thousands of Landvolk out of 18th centuiy Germany into the Russian Steppes recently “ethnically cleansed” of barbarian, Asiatic nomads.
Mme. Rimland writes from a “revisionist” view of history. Simply put,
history revision seeks to set the record straignt, to correct the outright lies and distortions of fact that have come to represent “history" from the Jewish Weltanschauung. One look at the filth that passes today for “history” in the Dewey Camps and Brain Laundries should be enough to convince any sane person to deny their child’s mind to “public education” or the “universities. This is truly a degenerate age when truth is reviled as “revisionism” of the lies that swallowed whole
—	and unquestioned by the Talmudvision dulled, stuporous mob
—	as “history."
Jews raise an unholy cacophony whenever their Holocaust® quasi-religion is questioned. My response to that is to point out that scholars and seekers of truth do not need to bully, threaten, censor, attempt to shout down — and yes, imprison — the opposition in the course of free inquiry. Those are the tactics of liars, deceivers and propagandists. In opposition to any honest inquiry into the so-called Holocaust®, bullying, threatening, censorship, imprisonment, and endless “anti-Semite” screams are the tactics of the Jews. And when free inquiry into history is suppressed, as it is in Germany, France, Britain, Canada — to name a few countries where honest historical research is called “disorienting to minors” — you can be assured that country is in the civilization destroying and cultural death-grip of what I call “Jew-law.”
The Resister is often accused of being “misogynist.” In its workaday commentary on the utter hopelessness and dimness of the female sex in general, that may be a fair, if somewhat exaggerated description of The Resisters staid contempt for female participation in the polity. However, one need merely scan The Resister’s masthead to find a remarkable number of ladies — now including Mme. Rimland — as editors, columnists and researchers. The reason is simple; The Resisters ladies are ladies — in other words, real women — not the manipulating “feminine” byproducts of mass media advertising campaigns, nor the “equality seeking, embittered, shrewish crones of the feminist “movement." Thus is The (misogynist) Resister pleased to count Mme. Rimland among its editorial staff.
Holocaust*
Editorial conferences often involve a great deal of hearty laughter. Dr. Huck an I were discussing her latest submissions for her “Americas Death by 1000 Cuts” feature, ridiculing liberals in general and the gullibility of “the people,” who will swallow anything rather than think.
I mentioned that the original meaning of the word holocaust was completely consumed by fire, and that the present-day “Holocaust” has been altered to fit Jewish needs. “The Holocaust,” capitalized, is wholly owned byjews, who bitterly denounce its use in any other context. “This isn’t an historical event, it’s an advertising logo,” I said.“The same with Shoah? These words are used to sell “guilt” worldwide, an immensely profitable product, bringing in billions of dollars annually. The Jews can also sell “victim” and “hate” franchises to other groups, so as to leave White Christian males the only “unprotected class” of inhabitants. (Vou can’t really call the unprotected class “citizens” when they’re that far down the totem-pole.)
Howling with laughter, we considered labeling these words as registered trademarks. “Hate,” I added, “isn’t as far along, so we should label it ‘TM’ or trademark applied for.”
Consider how these changes put a new face on things. Holocaust, or Holocaust®? Shoah, or Shoah®? Hate, or Hate™?
This domineering gang of thought-controllers cant bear having their cherished brainwashing tool exposed for what it is and ridiculed. They have elevated themselves to a magesterium and their propaganda themes must therefore be beyond criticism. It is apostasy — defection from their very recently “revealed” Shoah® religion — to question any detail of the Holocaust®, bringing denunciation as “anti-Semitic,” or Nazi, or both. (Jews love that acronym for National Socialist, and can hardly believe they did not invent it first.)
Speaking for myself, screw them. The Jews don’t want anyone ever to discuss the scores of millions of Christians who died at the hands of Jewish Bolsheviks. No “Christian” or “conservative” who wants to remain “respectable” would dream of mentioning this matter. This is simply another demonstration of Jewish ability to censor public dialogue.
So, Holocaust® and Hate™ it is, in order to shed light on the actual situation.
Review of Reviews
There are a large number of re views in this issue because I am clearing out the “Books Sc Reviewables” hold file to make room for forthcoming reviews. During The Resister’s production cycle, reviews are usually one of the last features to get laid out, and among the first features from which copy is cut to keep the count at 100 pages.
Based on reader correspondence “Books Sc Reviewables” is pretty popular, so I thought I’d take a chance and “bloat” that feature this issue instead of letting review copy sit in the
Conversation drifted to the extremely powerful de ________
facto control which
Jews have oyer our ...when free inquiry
mass communications	.	< . . 1 J
- think of newspa-	^tO history IS Sup-
pers, magazines, tele- pressed, as it is in Ger-
vision and movies as mflnv France Britain a tightly integrated many, rrance, Britain,
and coordinated Ganada to name a
brainwashing com- few countries where
honest historical re-
Jews disapprove of a	„
message, it does not search is called disori-
reach the public. In- enting to minors” —
dependent voices are	° «_	j
monitored, and can be yOU can be assured that
suppressed. The new country is in the civili-
“hate” laws, proudly zation destroying and instigated byjews, are	,	, .	/	•	r
intended	to
cultural death-grip of
criminalize thought what I call “Jew-law.” and expression, as they already do in certain other counties.
filing cabinet collecting dust.
“Letter From the Editor” is also bloated. Veteran subscribers know that my open letter to the readership is my way of keeping them informed about what is going on with The Resister. There may be occasions when the readership may not want to hear, for example, why an issue is late, but at least I tell you why up front. The Resister has no secrets and precious few surprises.
Speaking of surprises, it is no surprise to veteran readers that The Resisters production cycle drags on for weeks beyond its scheduled deadline. This causes some readers to become anxious about their subscription. Here’s the bottom line: A subscription to The Resister is for four issues. No matter how late any particular issue may be, you will still get your four issues regardless of what volume, number, or season they carry.
For example, this issue has a season description of Summer/Autumn
1999,	but it is only the third issue of this calendar year.The next issue will be Volume V, Number 4, Autumn/ Winter 1999 (I know, Volume V will have two “Winter” issues, but I am trying to keep the seasons aligned). Volume VI will start with Spring
2000.	You see, there really are no fixed conventions about assigning volume numbers to publications. Traditionally it is by calendar year, but it could just as well be by the decade.
This issue has an abridged “Periodic Intelligence Report” feature.The Volume V, Number 4, Autumn/Win-ter 1999 issue will carry a bloated PERINTREP. Admittealv, there are many things going on in the military that bode ill for the future, but nothing that will blow up in our faces in the near future. Dr. Atkinson’s article, “Leadership and Ethics Training at the U.S. Naval Academy” is, for practical purposes, this issue’s PERINTREP. Read it carefully. Our “apolitical” military has become thoroughly politicized with its own commissariat.
Bumper Sticker
Enclosed with this issue is The Resister bumper sticker,
“THE MEEK SHALL INHERIT THE GULAG.” Since the
Summer 1999 issue marks The Resister’s fifth anniversary, we thought we’d give our subscribers a birthday present as a token of our appreciation.
Bulk quantities of this sticker may be ordered in a unit of 100 for $150.00. Prices for lesser quantities are:
<10, $3.00 each;
10 for $25.00
50 for $100.00.
As always, we pay the mailing costs.
They are already starting to appear around Fayetteville, NC, and Fort Bragg. As the sticker is an obvious take off “The meek shalHnheriMhe^ earth,” one proud displayer had to explain to one of the inquisitive herd, “If true Christians of the Church Militant are Heaven bound, and Jews are the ‘chosen’ people of the earth, why, in the name of sanity, would one want to ‘inherit’ the latter?”
The secular explanation is, THE MEEK SHALL INHERIT THE GULAG.
We have several other ideas for future bumper stickers. Among them:
RESTORE THE INQUISITION! ©; ETHNIC CLEANSING: The Purge That Restores ©; WOMEN IN THE MILITARY: Go Home and Clean Something ©; WE DONT HAVE A GUN PROBLEM: We
Have A Race Problem © — and others equally candid.
I Hate Email
I go to great lengths to ensure that people do not know my email address. Why? Because people love sharing. People share with me by including my email address in their list of correspondents — in the <TO:>, or <CC:> block. That is STUPID! That is the functional equivalent of Xeroxing your personal address book and mailing it to the FBI. I don’t care who is in your address book, and I do not want people to know I am in yours.
Who is in mine is my business, and nobody else’s.
Now, I really do hate computers, and I am certainly not a whiz with them. However, even I know that if you want to suppress the recipient list you <BCC:> your “explode* address book. That way nobody else knows who you sent your message to. I have an “explode” address book, and when I write “I hate you” letters to the local fish-wrap I explode them to my private list via <BCC:>.That way,you see, they receive it personally, without anybody being the wiser who else is receiving it. Maybe that makes me an outsider. But at least I have regard for other’s privacy.
Oh, sorry, I forgot. There used to be this thing called “privacy.” That used to mean that sharing information about your correspondents, and who they were, was considered rude, and always in bad taste. Let me clue you. If I did not personally give you my email address, or you were not formally introduced to me through a known correspondent, I am not going to read whatever it is you send me. I do not have the time. There is a small handful of people I know and trust to send me reliable information they gather from small handfuls of reliable people they know and trust, etc. And the stuff is filtered on the way up so I don’t get swamped with panicked reports about UN-white, Canadian M-113s in transit to US maintenance facilities for overhaul, or Russian divisions living in caves in Mexico or salt mines under Detroit.
The walls of my house are not lined with aluminum foil, and I do not appreciate email from those whose walls are.
Speaking of Email:
“Hate Speech” Templates
About twice per week I write what I caU *1 Hate You” letters to the local fishwrap, the Fayetteville Observer-Times. Once every six weeks (their time limit) one or the other of them usually gets printed on the editorial page. Once
The walls of my house are not lined with aluminum foil, and I do not appreciate email from those whose walls are.
them to suit your taste, add to or subtract from them as you wish — I don’t care. Sign them with your own name.
There is nothing immoral or unethical about having somebody ghostwrite for you. It is a contractual arrangement, not plagiarism. They will be free of copyright.
All I ask is that my work, for which you will be claiming credit, be compensated. I think $1 per week is fair. A subscription to “Hate Speech” is S50 per year (Two — « ■ ■ ■	.
Free Weeks!). In re-turn you get a letter Now, I am a reason-to the editor or op/ed abJe man as are most template every week	*	«
to send under vour men when the urgency
name to your local	of a situation is CX-
fjshwrap just to let pained to them. But I
them know that you r	,	-
really do hate them. I Was dealing With a
do not guarantee they woman, SO the logic of
TSZStHiXl my request umrly
provocative letters to eluded her. In desperate editor of your lo- tion I looked around
cal fishwrap should, r White man if my personal expe- Ior a VV nite rience is any indica-	~
tor, put you somewhere on the editorial pages at least four or five times peryear.To subscribe, send your email address and $50 to:
every four weeks (their time limit) I respond to a feature called “Forum” where invariably lame “timely questions of concern to our community” are discussed in the Sunday opinion/ editorial section. The usual responses from stunned “Liberals” question why my “hate speech" is given any ink at all. I also submit op/ed pieces, but they seldom get printed. The last one I can recall being printed was when I referred to “The Children” as savages and barbarians in dire want of a sound thumping. The protests from local social workers and “concerned parents” consumed weeks of editorial space until the fishwrap began sending forward the responses to my PO box. At one point it was recommended that I seek “counseling.” Sacrosanct, you see, are “The Children” (vile beasts). And I’m batting 1.000 getting published by syndicated columnist Larry Meeks, a Negro who claims Whites are “subtle racists” even though they don’t know it.
I have a private “explode” email list consisting of friends and associates and the occasional enemy (I always ask if somebody wants to be on the “explode list" before they are included). When I write one my hateful screeds I explode it to the list. Tom Chittum, author of Civil War //, posts them on his web site. Many forward them to their own friends and associates, and so on. Several recipients have asked if they could use one or another letter to the editor and put their name on it. I told them to go right ahead, that is just what the letters were for.
Requests to use my letters to the editor have become sufficient enough that I’m making the following offer to TR subscribers. Recognizing that most people are infuriated by their local nshwraps, but have neither the time nor talent to write letters that will catch an editor’s eye and be considered for publication, I am making the following offer: I’ll ghost write them for you. In return I expect to be paid. Here is how it will work.
Subscribe to the “Hate Speech” list and I will explode topical, insensitive, hateful letters to the editor to you via email. You will receive a minimum of one per week. The average length is 250 words for a letter to the editor, and 500 words for an opinion/edito-rial piece. You may submit them to your local fishwrap as written, rewrite
Hate Speech c/o The Resister PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
“Hate Speech” is one-way commo. I will send, you will receive. Reply traffic will be deleted without being opened. If you have success drop me a postcard, because I hate email.
The Great BookCase Mutiny
It started quietly enough, in secrecy as such things always start. The ringleaders were the top shelves, and their mutinous sedition of the rest of the shelves spread quickly. First, the dictionary book case began to lean, slightly and slowly, thinking nobody would notice.There it stayed, at a five degree cant, encouraging the others. They saw and took the hint.
Shelves began collapsing, books everywhere deserting their posts.They
were quickly rounded upand^ against the wall. After three books*
mutinies in rapid succession there was
nothing left to do but summarily court martial the lot. Mutiny on the
battlefield of historical research.They could no longer be trusted. Sentence: Death by burning.
Unfortunately, that left the books without organization and order. So they were packed off to the bedroom for refitting and reorganization while
awaiting delivery of the new cases.
A reader who is a cabinet maker, Mr. Michael Perrin of Blaine, Tennessee, reading about the first mutiny in the previous issue, generously offered to build replacement book cases for the cost of materials and delivery. However, while we were in the middle of discussing the relative merits of various types ofwood and construction the mutineers hatched their evil plan, picking precisely the most inconvenient time and circumstances.
Given the time needed for Mr. Perrin to build the cases and the distance necessary to deliver them versus the necessity of immediately returning order and discipline to the books, I was forced to draft book cases from the local unfinished furniture store rather wait on volunteers.
Wouldn’t you know it? The furniture store was staffed entirely by women. It started out well enough. 1 ordered the quantity immediately needed for delivery on the day I calculated reconstruction of the office would be completed. I tried various configurations, but the old office arrangement was the only reasonable one. (If you’ve ever lived in a hole in the ground for days on end, claustro-phofc >ia has no meaning; as those who have visited these offices are well aware.) Then disaster struck. I needed a half-height case yesterday. Back to the unfinished furniture store.
Pointing to what I needed I said, “Here’s money, I need that book case now." That seemed to confuse her. “Well,” she said, “we can order one
and it will be here tomorrow evening It was obvious she did not understand. “Look,” I said, “if you can have the same book case here tomorrow, why cant I take that one off the floor now, and you simply replace it with the one that can be delivered tomorrow?”
Now, I am a reasonable man, as are most men when the urgency of a situation is explained to them. But I was dealing with a woman, so the logic of my request utterly eluded her. In desperation I looked around for a White man while she prattled on-and-on (make the bad woman stop!) about how “somebody” might come in right after I took the book case I needed off the floor and “maybe” want just as many of those as the others I had ordered the day previously, and if	/bookcase wasn’t there, well, they
couldn’t order them — blah blah blah.
“Figure the odds,” I tried reasoning with her. (The triumph of hope over experience.)
When confronted by a lunatic I always assess how long it will take to strangle them based on their weight and build. “Beefy, probably ten minutes,” I was thinking to myself while using my peripheral vision to spot the relative positions of potential witnesses. (It takes much longer to strangle people than you think.) “You’re staring at me,” she said, her hand hovering near her throat, that her lizard brain-stem sensed was in immediate peril. “No,” I responded, “I’m thinking.”
Patiently (witnesses everywhere), I again explained my dilemma. “We have regulations against allowing things to be sold oft the floor,” she announced triumphantly.
Women love regulations. Regulations obviate the necessity to think, make decisions, or take responsibility for either. In other words, women are born clerks. The perfect act of sabotage is to put women in charge of whatever organization or activity you want crippled. Hopelessly defeated (too many witnesses, and no White men working in the store), I surrendered and accepted delivery of what I needed yesterday, tomorrow.
We are utterly doomed. We are a “service economy,” and women love serving and helping.
How Much? (Revisited) or
Defying “Hate Speech”
01 ne Jew-law that is almost I certain to be inflicted upon I America in the near future is the forbidding of “hate speech.” If you want an example of Jewish Bolshevik proscriptions on freedom of thought, speech and I the press, you need only look at Jew-law afflicted Canada (AKA: Absurdistan),
Britain, France and Germany, among others. In those countries anything Jews don’t like is called “hate,” and it is a “crime” to say or publish any-thingjews don’t agree with.
In the words of A.J. Liebling, “Freedom of the press is guaranteed only to those who own one.”
That is why Jewish Bolsheviks try to control all means of information dissemination in whichever nation they infect, so you only read, watch or hear what Jewish Bolsheviks want you to read, watch and hear. They call this “freedom of speech.” Abraham Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League of the Jewish-Masonic order, B’nai B’rith, calls Jewish Bolshevik censorship “responsible” speech. By controlling all media sources Jews attempt to deflect attention away from their acts of destruction, because in a truly free society, with a free exchange of information, Jews are rapidly identified as the Problem behind most of society’s ills. History is too consistent on that matter to conclude otherwise.
One of The Resister’s long term projects was to become self-sufficient, a completely “in-house” operation from writing through printing and shipping. I am pleased to say that that objective has almost been met.
Mr. Daniel New, ofConroe,Texas, father of SP4 Daniel New, the young soldier who openly defied the Jewnited Nations by refusing to be-
come one of their mercenaries, thereby demonstrating more moral character in a single act than every general in the US military combined, after reading “How Much?” in last issue’s (Volume V, Number 2) “Letter From the Editor,” contacted an associate of his, Mister Ed Steelhammer, of Angleton, Texas, who used to publish patriotic works and reprint old field manuals and magazines, including the Republic ofTexas magazine. Mr. Steelhammer offered to sell his press to The Resister. We accepted, and now John P. Wenger Press, Ltd., and The Resister, are self-contained. Almost.
When I mentioned in “How Much?” that The Resister may need to raise subscription rates to cover the increasing cost of “out of house” printing, I had not anticipated Mr. Steelhammer’s generous offer to sell his printing shop. Which raises further logistics questions, like, where to set up the
f ress. It is one thing to have a press, t is another thing to house it, train people to operate it, and keep it in operation between issues of The Resister (an idle press is no press at all). That means, regrettably, we are going to have to raise subscription rates to cover some of the cost of getting the printing shop operating.
Beginning with Volume VI, Number 1, the annual subscription rate for The Resister will be raised to $50, single copies will be $15, and distributor units of 25 copies will be $200 (we’ll still pay shipping), with a sliding discount schedule based on the number of units ordered.
The target date to have the press up and running is July 2000. That will allow us time to secure a facility, train the operators, locate reliable sources of supply, and otherwise get set up as a truly independent press.The reason we are giving it a year is because we have no intention of taking out a loan. When the first truly independent copy
Abraham Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League of the Jewish-Masonic order, B’nai B’rith, calls Jewish Bolshevik censorship “responsible” speech. By controlling all media sources Jews attempt to deflect attention away from their acts of destruction...
ofThe Resister rolls off the press, we want it to be debt free. The Resister has always paid for its goods and services up front, and we see no reason to change our business practices now.
After we are up ana running, between issues of The Resister, John R Zenger Press, Ltd., will accept printing jobs from other anti-socialist, anti-egalitarian, anti-democracy reactionary organizations and individuals. We may even begin reprinting classic works on unconventional warfare, and important manuals that will be “useful" in the future. However, that will be a subordinate purpose for “owning the press." The primary purpose will be to keep The Resister publishing when we finally become, through Jew-law censorship, the Jewnited Mates of America. (Although many Europeans, who have been afflicted by The Problem for over 1800 years, say we already are.) We have the largest Jewish population in the world. Anyone who can demon-] strate to me a single advantage thereof is welcome to try.
LETTERS FROM READERS
I have been reading The Resister since it first began publishing. The re are terms, words and phrases that still confuse me. What are the definitions of: nomenklatura; apparatchik; change agent; transcendental; fellow travelers?
GK
Sacramento, CA
Response
Nomenklatura means ruling class. An apparatchik is a member of a political party responsible for the execution of policy, or a functionary of a public or private organization. A change agent can be an institution, organization or individual from the public or private sector (or both), wno act to replace old behaviors and values with new ones, using psychological techniques “developed specifically for the wearing away of attitudinal resistance. (Malachi Martin, Windswept House,
1996, p.249.) Transcendentals were an early 19th century New England cult under the leadership of Ralph Waldo Emmerson, that was influenced by Platonism, Kant and German idealism (i.e., the external world is created by mind) acting against dogmatic rationalism. A fellow traveler is one who is not a member of the Communist Party, but who sympathizes with its policies and goals and works to further the Communist transformation of society — in other words, a Liberal.
Due to the number of requests such as yours, The Resister will publish a glossary of frequently used terms in the next issue, then a glossary for each issue as new words, terms and phrases are introduced. SMB
hen I turned 181 was living in Brooklyn, NY. First thing I did was go out and et my license to own rifles/shotguns. econd thing I did was run out and buy a nice, new AK. (This was about 1985.) Each gun I bought was registered with the NYC Firearms Control Section (think about those three words for a minute). Over the next year I also acquired a Mini-14, HK-93 and an AR-15, all duly registered.
Flash forward a couple years ...I’ve gone to college and am living in the great state of Montana. My brother, still living in NYC, forwards me some mail from the NYPD. It says “our records show you own these assault weapons ... turn them in or get them out of the city. Send us proof you no longer have them."
I, being freshly filled with Mon-tana-ness and not in the mood for any bureaucratic Gestapo mandates, write them back a letter saying, “You want 'em? Come and get 'em." A few months go by....
My brother calls and says, “Hey, remember the guy we sold the house to? Half-a-dozen cops showed up on the porch the other day looking for your guns"
Moral of the story: Next time someone says “registration does NOT lead to confiscation,” you give 'em my e-mail address and tell them to write me.
western@bigsky. net
I have enjoyed reading your artici*!
posted on Thomas Outturns CW2 website. They have a good bite to them which reflects my own attitude towards the enemies of the now utterly ruined American Republic.
I am writing because I somehow hope to get something of a more solid idea about whether Special Forces Underground really exists as it purports to be, or ifThe Resister is just a magazine which uses the idea of an underground organization of active and retired Special Forces members as a marketing scheme.
It the SFU really exists, and they are what they purport to be, and if they have members who are on active duty in the U.S. military, then I would have to think that the government would want to investigate it, identify its members and, if not disband tnem, at least keep a very close watch on them and their activities.
But, I have to believe that the government would very much want to destroy the SFU. oo, with that in mind, I have tried to think carefully if it is possible for such a group as the SFU to maintain complete secrecy with respect to its membership, at least the leadership. I am not an intelligence expert, nor even an amateur. I am a software engineer, however, and have tried to apply my skills with logic and mathematics to evaluate how long could such an organization exist without being infiltrated by government intelligence agents. Not very long in my opinion. Still, I like your writings as well as of another SFU cadre,J.F.A. Davidson, who I do not see much from anymore. Perhaps I should go ahead and subscribe to The Resister, but I detest the idea of sending my money to an organization that may well be other than what it claims to De.
Dan Parker Elizabethtown, NC
Response:
Working backward through your letter: The Resister never claimed to be Special Forces Underground. TR is what the subtitle claims; “The Political Warfare Journal of the Special Forces Underground. (Emphasis added.) TR
The RESISTER
speaks, in the main, for SFU, but is not SFU proper. TR never claimed to be anything other than TR. Subscribing to TR puts you no closer to SFU than gazing at the moon puts you on its surface. TR is the reflection of light off that surface.
SFU never claimed to be anything anyone could “join.” It does not recruit. It was never opened to recruitment. One is part of it, or one is not. SFU was closed to membership on the first day TR appeared in 1994. Thus, something that was not known to exist prior toTR, and does not seek recruits, cannot be infiltrated through recruitment. Oh, not for lack of trying. CID has been sending people through the Special Forces Qualification Course since 1996 trying to get somebody close to or inside SFU. Someday, when I’m in a playful mood, Til publish their names. The closest they get is The Resister. The fact that I was the editor (as J.F.A. Davidson — you really need to read the thing) was the worst kept secret in Special Forces since its inception.
The Resister exists to spread antisocialist, anti-egalitarian, anti-democracy — in other words, anti-Communist — reactionism within the U.S. military. SFU engages in no political activity. TR raises a stink about military policies. SFU personnel enforce them to the letter. TR is accused by the Communists of being “racist” ana “anti-Semitic.” SFU personnel will look you in the eye and lie, “Were all green,” and, “Jews are wonderful.” The Resister does not seek publicity, but does not shun it when it happens. Pray SFU never “goes public.
So, ya pays yer money and ya takes yer chances.” Subscriptions are still $35.00 until 01 January 2000, when they increase to $50.00. TR is just a magazine, a window if you will, and there is no membership involved in any organization. SMB
It has been my observation that a “war criminal” is merely a pow erful man on the side tnat happens to lose a war: the label means nothing in absolute terms. Was Julius Caesar a war criminal? Or Alexander the Great? Or Josef Stalin? In 1944-1945, Soviet Marshal George Zhukov s Red Army raped, pillaged,
and plundered its way across Germany. Was Zhukov a war criminal? No. But Hitler? Yes, of course. (Of course, this is conjecture, since Hitler never actually stood trial. However, had he been captured alive he would most certainly have been convicted as a “war criminal.”)
In 1945, the Allied air forces attacked Dresden — an open city — and killed 135,000 civilians, mostly women and children. Hamburg—in the ironically named Operation GOMORRAH — suffered a similar fate. President Truman ordered the obliteration of two Japanese cities. Tolwo was intentionally firebombed.
Our allies, the Soviet Red Army, were ordered to use rape as an instrument of terror to demoralize non-combatant German civilians. And, yes, the British were the first people in the Second World War to actually bomb cities under the rationale that they were legitimate, military targets.
And, yet, neither we, Americans, nor our former Communist allies are considered “war criminals.”
I think we need a better term — one not invented byjewish Communists.
“An Officer of Marines” Camp Pendleton, CA
RATE INCREASE
Due to increased printing costs, and the purchase of a press, subscription rates for The Resister will increase to $50.00 per year beginning 01 January 2000. If the issue volume and number beneath your name on the mailing label reads Vol.V, No.3 or greater, renew now and beat the rate increase.
OUT OF PRINT
Why Do We American’s Submit to This?, by Dr. Susan Huck, and The New Totalitarians: Bosnia as a Mirror of America’s Future, by Dr. Gerald Atkinson, are out of print.
A second, expanded edition of Why Do We American’s Submit to This? is scheduled for publication in January.
Dr. Atkinson is writing a new book that refines and expands upon his The New Totalitarians. Publication is planned for next spring.
Please do not order either book until you see an ad for them.
The RESISTER
Who Commits Crime... ... and against whom?
Arrest Rates by Race
Multiples of White Rate
Asian |	|	White	Indian	Hispanic H Black
Get the facts, in a hard-hitting report published by the editors of American Renaissance. You will learn that:
• Blacks commit 90 percent of the interracial crimes of violence.
• There is actually more black-on-white than black-on-black violent crime.
• Hispanic criminals are classified as whites in crime statistics-even “hate crime” statistics.
• Blacks are as much more violent than whites as men are more violent than women.
• Blacks are twice as likely as whites to commit “hate crimes.”
For a copy of our meticulously researched and documented 20-page study, The Color of Crime, please send $5.00 to:
American Renaissance Box 527-T, Oakton, VA 22124 (703) 716-0900
Virginia residents please add 180 sales tax.
No manb life, liberty, or property is safe while the legislature is in session.
Judge Gideon J. Tucker
Editorials
The Highest art in the world cannot guild socialism, t is impossible to make beautiful the denial of liberty.
Auberon Herbert
mmentaries
M ulticultur alism and the Military
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
You are not going to like this given your entire lifetime of egalitarian brainwashing. Regardless, it begs saying: The military needs to purge its ranks of Negroes, Mestizos, “others,” and females. “Equality* and democracy is destroying our military, and by extension, our nation.
I know a general purge of the unequal is not going to happen. America is too debased, too corrupted by culturally suicidal egalitarianism, too far down the path of “multicultural” societal disintegration, and too many generations have been brainwashed into actually believing that “all men are created equal,” to stop our devolution into a Third World, miscegenated and feminized sewer.
Proof of the above is provided daily in all mass propaganda media. White men who, to put not too fine an edge on it, once conquered and colonized every continent, and subjugated eveiy Colored race on the face of this planet, are daily depicted as bumbling incompetents, while Coloreds are depicted as bright, competent saviors over whom White women swoon. Homosexuality, promiscuity, bastardy and miscegenation are depicted as “normal.” Christianity is mutilated beyond all recognition, while atheism, heathenism, paganism, and orientalism are raised to breathtaking heights of ecumenical enlightenment. But worse, and far more mind
lepi
cted
as
crippling, women are d equal to men. Completing their own effeminate destruction, “men” have come to believe it.
And while you are sitting there trying to reconcile your daily observations that the above is true with the canned bromides about “equality” that ——
homing beacon for savages and barbarians. Cold, dispassionate, not “politically correct,” but true.
Now answer this question. Why then, should White men surrender governance of America — and thus control of its military — to Colored and female “inclusiveness?” I cannot think of a single reason.
Nevertheless,let’s imagine that our headlong rush into a new Dark Ages could be reversed and America restored to something our Founders would recognize. What would America, and the outward manifestation of its might — the military — look like?
First, America would be patrist. Patriarchy means there is a delineated hierarchy of exclu-
continent was conquered by intolerant, “racist,” non-egalitar-ian, White men. Coloreds were
sivelymale authority, the daily, omni-direc- '-pi yr a • America would
7The North American	unquali_
fiedly anti-demo-cratic. Women would be sanely relegated to their God created role as “help,” and both Coloreds and .	.	women would be
brought to this Conti- banned from the pol-
nent as cheap labor, ltY- The military __	would be exclusively
not as immigrants or White, male and au-
potential Citizens. thoritarian.
swer, of course, is n°. White men created the The N orth American r
freest, most prosperous nation in the
tional egalitarian brainwash demands you gratuitously parrot, consider and answer this question honestly. Could this “tolerant,” deracinated, emasculated, feminized “multicultural” society have conquered the North American continent? The an-
continent was conquered by intolerant, “racist,” non-egalitarian, White Coloreds
world — for them-
Second, America would be segregated. Segregation means to place one group apart from the rest.
men.
were
-	-	.	America	would
selves; not as a homing therefore be antibrought to this con- beacon for savages and egalitarian. Coloreds
tinent as cheap labor barbarians. Cold, dis- would be separated immigrants	.____wfrom White society..
not as
or potential citizens, passionate, not polltl- No Colored would] White men created cally correct,” but true. hold political office, the freest, most pros-	   couldJ)eaLjMtness
perous nation in the
world — for themselves; not as
against a White man, and juries would be exclusively White
and male. The society of women would be separate from the society of men. If the martial service of Coloreds was required in a national emergency; their regiments would be segregated from the standing military and officered by Whites. Women would be organized for “help," but not within the standing military.
If the foregoing rings “racist" and “sexist” in your ears, congratulations. Your socialization through “public" education, your university mind laundering, and the egalitarian drivel you absorb unquestioning^ from the social gospel pulpit or “liberation the-ology" apse will hold you in good stead as a herd animal in Bladerunner America.
The daily propaganda concert trumpets that the military must be a “reflection of society;" as society changes so must the military. And change it has. The military has become democratized, deracinated and matridzed. Officers and noncommissioned officers are not longer authorities in a clearly defined chain of command. Officers have lost all distinction as a hierarchical class. Noncommissioned officers are no longer authoritarians, charged with training and maintaining order and discipline in the ranks.They are instead “surrogate parents" and mentors” who “care” and have empathy for their “charges" in the "Army Family." How did this feminization come about? By the very presence of females in the military, who are parasites on an institution they could not have created, yet who demand “tolerance” of their alien presence and accommodation for their female "needs.”
The integration of minorities into a military created by White men, for White men, has been no less disastrous. The incessant minority squabbling about "equality of opportunity’* and quotas for promotion — again, like females, within an institution they demonstrably could not have created — are the demands of parasites for more blood from the host. Ask yourself another question. If Coloreds are the equal of Whites, why do they demand integration with Whites instead of proving their alleged equality in segregated institutions?
The answer is simple. Minorities need Whites and the institutions Whites have created. Whites do not
of quotas — would have wound up on the bottom of the heap as a consequence of their inherent inequality. Minorities call that “institutional racism." Racially conscious Whites call it the natural order of the universe.
Of course, White racial consciousness is what the military’s “equal opportunity" program is specifically designed to eradicate. I have in my
library almost all of
DEOMI’s
course
need minorities to justify their creation of those institutions. The same truth applies to females. Females need men and the institutions men have created. Men do not need females to justify their creations. In other words, demands for “equality” are screamed the loudest by the most unequal.
However, the military has become the very model of egalitarianism and matrism. As a conse- ^ quence, unit cohesion
is coming unglued. Egalitarianism causes material. There are Egalitarianism causes •.	*	•	.	volumes extolling the
umt cohesion to come Unit Cohesion to come “virtues” and “contri-
unglued because the unglued because the butions” of every con-
closer one’s compelled
.	.	,r	.	What about Whites;
proximity to minon- y0U know, the race
one recognizes racial ties, the more one rec- that actually did all
disparities in intelli- Ognizes racial tbc WOr^ anc* hi
disparities in intelligence, behavior and performance. Or, as I frequently point out,
“One’s love for Negroes is proportional
forces: “I joined the to One’s distance from page is taken up with Army loving every-	them.”	lumping “Middle-
body, now I hate	*	Eastern Americans’
closer ones compelled proximity to minorities, the more
gence, behavior and performance. Or, as I frequently point out, “One’s love for Negroes is proportional to one’s distance from them." There is an “equal opportunity” joke in Special
America? One, slim, 9 page pamphlet that declares “...it is next to impossible to describe a White-American....” Whites are officially written out of existence! And no wonder! An entire
blacks.”	——■
Even the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute recognizes the fundamental truth underpinningthatjoke. DEOMI instructors tell Equal Opportunity Advisor students, “If you came here a ‘racist,* you will leave here an educated ‘racist.”*
So, what is the bottom line here? What everyone who is subjected to forced integration knows first hand. Forced integration creates racial animosity where none may have existed before. It primarily creates animosity in Whites because in short order it becomes obvious that, on the whole, stereotypical descriptions of any given minority prove themselves to be true; that stereotypes are in fact self creating. Further antagonism is created when minorities are given undeserved preferences in the name of “equality of opportunity” when, had they been competing with Whites on the basis of nothing but merit, it becomes obvious those minorities — without standards lowered to accommodate them, and without a blatant system
"	(i.e., Semites — real
ones, not Jews) with Whites of European ancestry. At DEOMI, and in “equal opportunity” brainwashes military-wide, White men of European ancestry, and the institutions they created, are called derisively,"the White Male Club.” That description is perfectly in tune with Jewish Communist Theodor Adornos description of White Christian men as the “authoritarian personality."
Let s accept as correct what the Jew Adorno defined as the “authoritarian personality." What, precisely, is the alternative? Western civilization was created by White Christian men. History demonstrates that Western civilization, and its institutions, can be maintained only by White Christian “authoritarian personality" men. No civilization has ever been build by females, and no civilization worth living in by the Coloreds now worshipped by multiculturalists as “contributors" to the civilization created by Whites. History also demonstrates what happens when the institutions of Western civilization are left in the
hands of Coloreds, or infected by female “tolerance,” permissiveness, and “inclusiveness.” Civilization devolves into ruin and relativistic moral degeneracy.
Our military is rapidly becoming a “reflection of society,” and America is in deep trouble because of it. Racial integration in the military is held together solely by the punitive glue of the Uniform Code of Military Justice and the incessant egalitarian brainwashing of Whites by what amounts to an “equal opportunity* political commissariat. The mere presence of females in the military renders the institution effeminate and “ungendered,” while at the same time females require extraordinary conces-
sions to “make” them “equal” to men. And it was a short step from rendering the military effeminate to “tolerating” homosexuality in the ranks. Updated “sexual harassment” brainwashing is now required to ensure that normal men “get the message” that sodomites are to be “tolerated” — or else. Witchcraft is now in the military a recognized “religion,” instead of a one-way trip to the Stake.
We no longer have a military. We have a “multicultural” freak show. A “reflection of society” enforced puni-tively against Whites and men. What we have is a positive menace to our once (when it was segregated and run by White men) great nation.
Camp Follower’s Friday
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Secretary of the Army, William S. Cohen, designated Friday, 14 May 1999, as Military Spouse Day to “...recognize the innumerable contributions of military spouses.” This was inevitable. In our “diverse” and “inclusive” Army where everyone has “consideration for others” (or else!), anyone who is not a White male has a day, or a week, or a month to celebrate their “contributions” to an institution they could not have created.
Said Cohen in his official Military Spouse Day message, “Dealing with deployments, family separations, and frequent moves requires special skills and commitment... military spouses have proven that they are up to these challenges.” Challenge is the Newarmyspeak word of favor these days, and because it is Newarmyspeak it does not have any recognizable English language meaning. In the English language the word challenge means to accuse, reprove, call to account, or invite hostile action. It is what, in our kinder, gentler, effeminate Army, is known as a “strong word,” that may hurt somebody’s feelings if used properly. But the sound of die word challenge has a pleasing ring and it would be a shame if it couldn’t be used at all. The solution? Invert the word’s meaning. In the
feminized lexicon of Newarmyspeak challenge means “a problem.” You see, commanders hate problems; they may be held accountable for solving them. Accountability is viewed as a potential “career enaer” — and for most officers today, moral cowards that they are, it would be. So now there are no
fnroblems. No prob-Jems to be solved and to be held accountable for. Just ongoing “challenges” to be ■ ■ — passed-off to the next commander, ad infinitum nauseam. “Challenges,” like camp followers.
Like, what to do with a soldier’s camp followers when he is deployed. Almost 70% of the Army is married. Never mind that the soldier took the burden of camp followers upon himself and is thereforepersonally responsible for them. Tne Old Army — the man’s Army — adage, “You were not issued a wife,” recognized that universal truth. But, because the feminized “Army family” cares, camp followers become everyone else’s burden. Think of it as an extended commune. There are mandatory “Family Support” and “dependent care” programs complete with Army Regulations, classes on “partnership, and
“You, Sir, have an army — we have a traveling brothel.”
“parenting,” and how to shop and balance a check book (“life skills,” etc.) for the publicly educated. “Counseling” is available for dimwits who believe marriage is just a logical progression from rutting on the first date. “Day care” for the (mostly Negro) illegitimate spawn of (mostly Negro) “soldier-mothers” has become a major issue on military facilities. (Has anybody else noticed that Negroes seem singularly unaware of the fact that sex results in babies?) And don’t notice females who wanted the “choice” of joining the Army waddling around in their maternity uniforms, or sick-call formations swamped with “woman problems.” All this is a “challenge1’ for commanders, who are expected to drop everything at the whim of any camp follower who invades his office to whine about her squalid Payton Place life. What does our enlightened command call all this? Why, nothing less than “Quality of Life.”
“Quality if Life” for soldiers’ camp followers is important because, quoting Cohen, “Their support and dedication provide a vital element of stability to servicemembers [sic] and to our military communities.”That is a lie of course. Scores of millions per year out of the military budget is squandered heedlessly on “Quality of Life” for camp followers while mechanized units sit idle in motor pools for lack ■ of spare parts, training in infantry units is degraded by lack of training funds and ammunition, and flight hours are reduced in aviation units. Meanwhile, the Army medical system designed to treat soldiers is overwhelmed with camp followers whose “access to ‘free’ medical care” costs taxpayers hundreds of millions annually. For all this, Cohen offers his “personal thanks to every military spouse for a job well done.”
Today’s “Army Family” reminds me of a remark made by a captured French officer to the Duke of Wellington in Spain, 1810; “You, Sir, have an army — we have a traveling brothel.”
The RESISTER
AMERICA’S DEATH
BY 1,000 CUTS
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
FIRST, WE KILL ALL THE TEACHERS...
Thuggee at Duke University
Two freshmen have been receiving a lurid variety of death threats. They had written to the student newspaper that “multicultural” Duke offers a minor in Hindi, the main language of India, but enrollment is low, ana therefore the creation of a “major in Sanskrit, Hinduism, and Hindi did not appear to make sense.The students also ventured the opinion that Western culture was superior.
That did it for the politically-cor-rect crowd.
The word “thug” is Hindi. Thugs, until the British taught them better manners, were “worshipers of Kali, in whose honor murder, usually by strangulation, was made a profession. The university administration deplores as “repugnant” and “obnoxious” any comments deemed pro-Western, pro-American, pro-Christian, or prowhite. However, the administration is silent on the subject of thuggee.
Flynt at Georgetown
Imagine thinking that Catholic I colleges are allowed to be Catho-I lie. Ah, but too many Jesuits at Georgetown University lost their hearts to Moscow back when Moscow looked like a winner. Following the leftist line, queers are in and the crucifix is out.
Students didn’t like it when the university president invited pornog-rapher Lany Flynt to speak — on the subject of iree speech," of course. Students know that only politically-
correct speech is free. Students who merely permitted the questioning of Holocaust® details were literally “force-marched” to the Holocaust® Museum.
A student writes that “Georgetown continues to deny freedom of speech to groups such as the Knights of Columbus and the Catholic Daughters
Leftists who sheltered for genera-tions behind “academic freedom* while warring on the host society now pioneer censorship. Colleges try to prohibit speech alleged to cause loss of self-esteem or a vague sense of danger,” “psychological discomfort,” or “insensitivity to the eroeriences” of some favored group. “Inconsiderate jokes” may lead to “inappropriate laughter.” Leo even cites a serious accusation of “anti-feminist intellectual harassment” for rolling one’s eyes at the nonsense those shrews pour forth.
Accusation equals condemnation, and truth is no defense. That’s the idea.
Once off campus, one learns that ______________ lawsuits and loss of
_	employment	are
of America. This Students who merely highly effective sanc-freedom is available permitted the ques.	^imposed by the
tioning of Holocaust® Canada, lacking
to homosexual student clubs. And at a recent election of the Hoya newspaper’s leadership, students were required, at the instigation of university officials, to disclose	their
membership in an organization known for its pro-Catholic speech and activism.”
“Whatever Makes Me Feel Uncomfortable”
details were literally “force-marched” to the Holocaust® Museum.
T
he young today are instructed that the rest of us must ensure their psychic as well as their physical “comfort.” The above comment was the response of a student at my local brain laundry to the question, “What is 'harassment’?”
Columnist John Leo recently reflected upon the manner in which we are expected to submit to the muzzling by the thoughtpolice. He quotesl a “gay activist*; “When negative
First Amendment, is free to press ahead; fines for speech “offenses” are common enough. Criminal prosecution protects — the feelings of the “protected classes.” A professor in Ontario was plunged into years of trouble over a truthful, defensible academic paper. Leo, while deploring this sort of thing, would not dream of pointing out that actual prison terms in Canada tend to be reserved for those fingered by the Jews.
On the Cultural Cutting Edge...
W
negativ
opinions... intentionally hurt others, that’s when opinions should no longer be protected.”
(Are the thought police “sensitive to my concerns.”)
In order to disguise their direct assault on freedom of expression, we will be taught that the speech is “verbal conduct,” “expressive behavior," or “non-traditional violence.”
eslyan University, in Connecticut, has only 2,700 students, so it is not quite believable that university president Douglas Bennet was blinasided in this matter. Nobody on campus had complained about a course which “required students to create their own work of pornography as a final project.” When it hit the fan in the Hartford Courant, the president responded — he “issued a memo... auestioning the appropriateness of this course.
The course was quite openly entitled “Pornography, and as such it must have appeared in all manner of
Vol. V, No. 3
university publications long before outsiders got wind of it.
The class is the brainchild of “Hope Weissman [wouldn’t it just figure?], a tenured associate professor of letters who helped found the private school's women’s studies program.’’ She has announced that she “does not put the brakes on her students’ project ideas.” So there was plenty of explicit video being created. One of the more printable was merely “a short film that focuses on a man’s eyes while he masturbates.” We are further informed that “similar courses in pornography are taught at about five dozen campuses throughout the United States.” That’s 60 campuses!
In 1993, my local brain laundry, Washington College, went cutting-edge in this matter. One of the more useless professors created his own porn course, which attracted a large enrollment. Creation of a porn video was not (then) required, but Professor Richard DeProspo said, “I doubt that many students would have the resources to do that, but I would leave open the possibility....”
For bringing this matter to public attention, I was denounced in nearly five feet of ink in the local paper. DeProspo called me (in order of appearance) “cowardly, mendacious, perverted, deranged, a vandal, a scrawler, a defacer, ignorant, dishonest, paranoid, a distributor of smut [his own!], foaming at the mouth, of suspect sanity, stupid, nasty, and crazed.” The editor of the paper being a liberal, I was not permitted even one inch in which to remark that DeProspo had provided “a rare and splendid display of' losing it.’”
It All Depends Upon Whose Religion is Being Established
After four years, the third-grade students are in junior high by now. Bedford Central public school district in New York State was finally ordered to stop certain practices, but allowed to continue others, foUowingcomplaints from Christian parents. The attorney for the offending school district whined about such intrusion into the educational process.
The judge ruled that parents could not rightfully object to the school day being spent at the cemetery. (That s
Death Education. I once interviewed a Professor of Death at the University of Maryland. He was teaching teachers how to teach Death to impressionable children.)
District Judge Charles Brieani found that third-grade students were indeed placed under “subtle coercive pressure to engage in the Hindu religion.” He also found it inappropriate to teach “superstition” by making “worry dolls... to keep ........
bad dreams away.
During the trial, a minerals expert had to be engaged to assure the court that
screwballs emerge from the public schools?
Aw, Gee...
t seems that some New Yorkers — including school board mem bers themselves — are paying “$4,000 to $12,000” to send their kids to New York public schools — those outside their own school district. (Pri-
I
This Board of Ed reli- vate schools in New gion continued with York
°	,	apparently charge
moaning about there upwards of $14,000 a
crystals did not have being tOO many people year for sixth grade—
"SS5455-.'	fsjastt*.
nothing wrong with done.... Then we make erating such trans-
tombstones for “extinct animals.” Then we “pray to Mother human sacrifice, and Earth for permission,
4?nH a AAiifYMil nfi /\n	*	_
for consent for this killing” of a plant of any kind. (Lawnmowing equals Holocaust®?)
the kids playing “magic” card games employing “casting of spells, satanic images,
the accumulation of 'mana, the power that comes from the Earth.’”
That merged nicely with the lengthy and elaborate celebration of Earth Day. See, you make this altar. The creed Mother of us all is
Breads “The Jthe Earth. The Father is the Sun. The Grandfather is the Creator who bathed us with his mind and gave life to all things. The Brother is the beasts and trees. The Sister is that with wings ” (What? — four parts animism and a teaspoon of creationism?)
This Board of Ed religion continued with moaning about there being too many people — something must be done....Then we make tombstones for “extinct animals.” Then we “pray to Mother Earth for permission, for consent for this killing” of a plant of any kind. (Lawn-mowing equals Holocaust®?)
Of course this isn’t an “establishment of religion.”
Making the school altar for Earth Day wasn't enough of an educational
ra. The judge found the ensuing Day rituals “truly bizarre.” We owe to Phyllis Schlafly reports in greater detail.
Do you still wonder why ignorant
fers, inadvertently injures struggling communities... allowing neighboring districts to skim off the brightest students and making it even harder to provide an integrated education,” [!] wails the superintendent of the Mount Vernon, N.Y.
_____________ schools, which are
now “more than 90 percent black or Hispanic.” (Like so very many other American towns, Mount Vernon used to be white.) And gosh, so sad, you know, that the white school grounds are “clean and cheerful” while Mount Vernon’s middle school is scrawled with “obscene graffiti.” I mean, like, don’t you want your kid in a culturally diverse environment?
Scarsdale is filled with wealthy Jewish families, and has a different take on things. It does not permit transfers in, at any price, since why should others “get the benefits of our schools while avoiding the high cost of living in Scarsdale?” Integration and “Diversity* (both Jewish inventions) are to be inflicted upon everybody else, folks.
States even more “progressive” than New York, such as the reople’s Republic of Taxachusetts," either encourage blacks and Hispanics to transfer out of their districts into white schools “without charge,” or, like California, “bar transfers of stu-
dents out of cities like San Francisco because this chips away at integration." Such policies are endorsed by “Gary Orfield, a professor of education at Harvard." (And where do his kids go to school?)
Brave indeed is the parent who says frankly that “he does not want his son to attend a school where he is one of only a small group of white children." The rest of them, and their timorous and brainwashed kids, whine and mumble just any other excuse.
Mandatory Voluntary Community Service
Maryland’s lieutenant governor Kathleen Kennedy Townsend (of the Kennedy clan) is credited (?) with the reinstitution of slavery in that state. In order to obtain a high school diploma, she pushed the requirement that students “volunteer” 75 hours of "community service.”
We wondered how this would play out. Now we have some clue, and proponents are disappointed.
To shellac over the involuntary servitude aspect, the terminology was changed to ‘service learning.” Establishment blather is filled with phrases like “jjood deeds” and “right attitudes,” and doing so with the proper grav-
ty* .	.	'	•	TM
Yet it turns out that "community service" can be “school community service,” which can be plain old extracurricular activities —band, drama, working on the yearbook.
In the immortal phrase of that horrible kid on The Simpsons, Ha-Ha!
WEDONT NEED THEM
Drip, Drip, Drip
These endless campaigns are intended to wear down resistance. "Tucked in a comer of Mississippi’s state banner, the Stars and Bars is an anchor for some proud Southerners, but a painful reminder of segregationist history for others."
Meanwhile, in South Carolina, the cover of a legislative manual features a photo, in the background of which it is possible to discern the Stars and Bars. Black agitators demand that the manual be shredded and reissued in censored form.
Having all the money it needs, much of it from Jewish sources, the NAACP simply reinstates its lawsuit against the symbol of the Confederacy each time it is dismissed. They borrowed that tactic from the Jews. The feelings of the Sons of Confederate Veterans and, indeed, the majority of those living in states	I
where the symbol remains important, are Hurt feelings are
justice system, the large number of blacks on death row, and capital punishment. When pressed about whose decision this was, she laid it off on the ground-swell of student opinion — three (3) students had requested him.
Lee v. Lee
T
opposed by attorneys “„enocide<” 0h, yes it complaining that a . ©	7	^	.
dozen blacks are suf- is! Read the Genocide
Convention. Jews wrote it. Blacks believe it.
fering some vague form of hurt feelings.
Hurt feelings are “genocide.” On, yes it | is! Read the Genocide _____ Convention. Jews wrote it. Blacks believe it.
Who shall rule? Don’t leave it up to the lawyers.
Racist Cop-Killer for Commencement Speaker
Jane Jervis, president of Evergreen State College in Olympia, Washington, appeared on TV in June explain her decision to invite the convicted black murderer of a white policeman to be the College’s commencement speaker.
Mumia Abu-Jamal addressed the graduates on tape, not in person. The widow of Officer Faulkner, at her own expense, had decided to attend that atrocious event, trying to display a photo of the man Mumia murdered in cold blood — in 1981. Mumia has not yet been executed, of course. Mrs. Faulkner was denied an opportunity to speak to the graduating class. Contradicting the brainwash is not permitted.
Ms. Jervis, as was apparent during the interview, thinks a cop-killer on death row is the perfect person to send her college products into the world. Since Mumia has been the icon of leftist demonstrations for the past 18 years, she thought he would be the right person to discuss the criminal
his comes under the headin of “How low have we sunk? Or, rather, how low will we allow them to drag us?
^ Item One: On the complaint of “Richmond City Council member Sa’ad El-Ami n” [yeah, right], a large portrait of Robert E. Lee was removed from a group of 29 portraits of noted Virginians _____ decorating something called Canal Walk. That Lee is to be expunged from the record.
Item Two: The United States Navy is paying Hollywood’s Spike Lee for “recruiting commercials which will inspire those who admired Malcolm X and the white-bashing film Do the Right Thingto)om the Navy. Remember the black mutinies under the feckless rule of CNO Elmo Zumwalt?
Ask yourselves — “who rules?”
A
Reading Scores
chievement gaps are “unnecessary and dangerous,” quoth an education bureaucrat. Every time you measure educational levels, the same gaps appear in the same places between the same races.
Fourth-grade students reading at or above the “proficiency* level averages 37 percent for whites, 14 percent for “Hispanics,” and 9 percent for blacks. “Dangerous!”
The fact of the matter is, data for learning, as for crime, dependency, and other failings, when presented by cities, counties and states, practically tell you the ethnic make-up of the reporting unit.
YES, OUR GOVERNMENT STILL HATES US
Big, BIG Nanny
Credit Phyllis Schlafly for publicizing this one. Whether or not Big Nanny in Washington is paying your medical bills, She is acutely interested in you. Would you believe a form asking 53 questions about what you do in the bathroom? Of particular interest is your “elimination performance.”
OASIS stands for Outcome and Assessment Information Set, a “twelve-page, fine print form” which must be filled out every sixty days for all people served by some 9,000 “home health care agencies.”
What do you eat? What are your attitudes? How much money do you have? And of keen interest to cold-eyed Hillary types anxious to shave costs, what is your life expectancy? You may not know, but the “health care provider” must take a stab at an answer.
Those who refuse to answer the questions will find that the blanks are filled in anyway, based upon “observation,” educated guess, or simply what the hell, gotta fill in the form or I don’t get paid.
All this is keyed to your Social Security number and forwarded to Big Nannies at both the state and federal level.
Ha! Let’s say 100 reports a month from 9,000 home health care agencies times 53 questions on personal habits in the bathroom, that makes 47 million items of “data” per month, or about 1.6 million per day pouring into Snoop Central. \Vhat will they do with it all? You may die, but your toilet habits will live on. In the fullness of time, they may be transferred to the National Archives.
Jury Nullification
There we have a pair of words which terrorize die Establishment. “We recognize, as appellants urge, the undisputed power
of the jury to acquit, even if its verdict is contrary to the law as given by the judge, and contrary to the evidence.”
A jury has “the unreviewable and irreversible power... to acquit in disregard of the instructions of the law as riven by the trial judge.”
These are quotes from American appeals courts in the 1960s and 1970s upholding what is termed “jury nullification [of the law], a right de-| scended from!
English common law tradition — for good or ill, for better or worse. It can be a final defense against tyranny, which is the aspect that furrows brows among members of an Establishment bent on tyranny.
Basically, nullification means that if a juiy finds the law itself outrageous, it is under no obligation to convict a violator of that law. This is indeed disorderly. Yet we do have more and more laws which should never have been passed, much less enforced.
Lest we imagine that jury nullification works only to the advantage of defendants, consider that a type of nullification is involved when juries, in defiance of the law, find innocent parties criminally “guilty of” or civilly “responsible for” some event when they are really only the nearest demonized propaganda target or financial “deep pocket.”
Nullification’s most high-profile recent example was the acquittal of O.J. Simpson, when a predominantly black jury walked Simpson, despite his two murders. They were not even “saying” that laws against homicide are unjust; they were simply saying, “don’t touch our boy.”
On the one hand, In a 1995 Yale Law Journal [article], George Washington University Law Professor Paul D. Butler argued that black juries should vote to acquit black defendants... “because of the disproportionate impact” of the law on blacks. That’s what happens when a disproportionate number of blacks are
criminals. Butler was simply placing a seal of approval on a fairly notorious practice.
On the other hand, “rightwingers” have been severely penalized byjudges for handing out leaflets outside the courthouse explaining the principle of jury nullification to potential jurors.
Everything depends upon who is doing it. During the vicious Reconstruction period in the South, jury
nullification became a real problem for carpetbagger and Negro governments.” J uries just wouldn’t convict, period.
Supposedly, judges are obligated to inform jurors of their right of nullification — for it remains a right, derived from English law. However, they don’t. They would
frobably “rather die.” Fine by me.] Supposedly, they are required to do so “in Indiana and Maryland,” but having been a Maiyland juror on several occasions, I can attest that I have never been informed of this right, by a judge or any other officer of the court.
A jury saying essentially, “to hell with the law” — is certainly disorderly. Wouldn’t it be nice if the legal system would clean up its own act, rather than suppress everyone’s common sense?
Rewarding Incompetence and Failure
One of the prime headlines of last May was “CIA may gain from embassy bombing.” Defense Secretary William Cohen had pronounced the event “an institutional failing,” nothing to do with people or anything like that.
senator Ted Stevens (R-AK), chairman of Senate Appropriations, naturally assumed that topping up the $29 billion intelligence budget might helg. Given another billion, perhaps an intelligence community which spends more on intel than the rest of
George Washington University Law Professor Paul D. Butler argued that black juries should vote to acquit black defendants... “because of the disproportionate impact” of the law on blacks. That’s what happens when a disproportionate number of blacks are criminals.
the world combined could to afford new tourist maps, and maybe even hire a local cabbie to see what the brass plate on the door of the target says. (Well, sure, those sly Serbs could put up a sign saying Embassy of China" to disguise a target, but wouldn’t SIGINT offer some heavy clues?)
Here’s a prize sentence from the Washington Times.
“Just for the CIA, the admission that it used out-of-date maps... and that it used educated [say what?] guesses in pinpointing a purported military target... could yield a similar budget increase."
Congress is also increasing the budget for barn door locks at our nuclear research labs. The Red Chinese can now retire elderly spies and re-deploy the younger ones.Theywill still find it worthwhile to slip big bucks to Slick Willies hopeful successor, A1 Gore, who can’t get enough of those Buddhist nuns.
How the Clintons Could Stay in Office
Nightmare City! Luckily, I don’t think any of this will hap-| pen. Pessimists suggest that a Y2K meltdown might provide just the excuse to cancel elections in 2000. If it meant that Congressmen kept their seats as well, who would protest?
Clinton for U.N. Secretary General, with license to sample all the world’s pubescent females? That might be attractive. Otherwise, Bill Clinton, in the very prime of life, is about to be put out to pasture. Life is so unfair. He’d like to see the Constitution fixed so that, if he couldn’t have a third term right away, he could have one (or two) more terms after a one-term break.
And who might keep the White House warm for him? He didn’t make any suggestions along those lines, but a June news item about a California boomlet touting Hillary for president in 2000 spurred certain lines of thought. Elect Hillary, meanwhile changing the Constitution, and we could have Clintons alternating in office for the rest of their natural lives. In fact, they could take turns pardoning each other for their serial crimes.
For example, the clintonistas now claim that if they really must do a real census for purposes of apportioning Congress, that doesn’t mean there cant ..._____ be a phony census full of “virtual use the connection, The goal was, and re- people" for every *“J "-1— *“ A":	other	purpose.
Grover Norquist
Now, of course, it is highly questionable whether they are of a mind to do each other favors any more.The subject of divorce is often bruited about. I don’t really see it. Hillary can still
/
and unless an Ari _______
Onassis heaves into mams>t0 adJUSt the
view
with an census tO Cut down on attempted to explain
Onassis-type deal white folks and inflate the means by which (forget the sweaty t	t	c	•	^	real	people	would	be
hanfs, bub, just the the number of
big payoff) neither of	people,
them need bother about marriage. Bill is
clearly incapable of a mature relationship, and Hillary seems pretty soured on men, if she wasn’t soured on them all along.
TheU.S. Census Reduced to Just Another Clinton Scam
One way or another, Bill Clinton and his Democratic foot-soldiers in Congress are determined to reduce the venerable decennial Census of the United States to just another partisan political swindle.
Since 1790, the U.S.has conducted an “actual enumeration” of the population, as per the U.S. Constitution. Obviously, it was never error-free, but to this day, researchers can use the Archives to find actual details about the real people counted in each census.
The original clintonista scheme, breathtaking in its scale and sweep, was deliberately to count only ninety percent of the population and then fiddle the numbers for the ten percent — about 27 million Americans deliberately not counted.
The goal was, and remains, to “adjust" the census to cut down on white folks and inflate the number of victim-people. And what politician wouldn’t sacrifice a right arm in order to fiddle ten percent of the numbers in his or her Congressional District.
The Supreme Court supposedly nixed the scheme. “Supposedly'’ means that whatever they said may still be ignored. (Appeal? Fancy six years or more of litigation while the fruits of the swindle are both enjoyed and set in concrete.)
arithmetically adjusted” out of existence, erased from the tally — their census returns shredded to avoid future embarrassment, for all we know — because native-born whites are too numerous.
Cry woe, there are too many middle-class whites and not enougn victim-people. Cry woe, people are leaving the big cities, where too many of the remaining inhabitants scuttle into the cracks at the sight of an unfamiliar official.
Buchanan Tells It Like It Is
S
o now the Communists in Beijing will soon enough be I able to nuke us with our own weapons. But rest easy, say our guardians, they can’t do it quite yet.
The Cox Report on Red Chinese spying should have enraged the public, but it hasn’t had any such visible effect. The mass media dealt with it “as a one-day story.” Are we indifferent, or simply numbed and helpless? Neither answer is satisfactory, but both, I believe, are valid.
Certainly the Department of Justice is wondrously laid-back about all our nuclear secrets — fifty years of research — having taken wing to Beijing. The strange Miss Reno, Attorney General of the United States, denied only one of the thousands of FBI wiretap requests — the one on Wen Ho Lee — and she simply has no credible explanation of that damning fact. No one in the Clinton administration has even felt obliged to resign.
Presidential candidate Patrick Buchanan pointed this out in no uncertain terms. He has also discussed the gutting and over-stretching of our armed forces, the illegal misuse of
18
Vol. V, No. \
both NATO and our own forces, and our meddling in the chronic mess in the Balkans.
But Buchanan also dared to mention the Unmentionable — Israels part in the theft and sale of American weaponry and technology.
“Israel [is] the beneficiary of $100,000,000,000 in U.S. aid,* he states. (That figure is actually low.) But “according to the London Financial Times, [Israel has] sold China the technology for its Python 3 air-to-air missile and Phalcon radar, giving China an AWACs capability. China has also reportedly acquired the technology for Israels Star-1 antimissile radar, the U.S.-backed Lavi fighter and the Patriot missile. [In case of war] the craven refusal to confront Israel will be paid for with [American] lives.”
Treason, Right Up Front
Yes, but “you’ll never be able to prove it,”That was the gloomladen prediction of a disgusted veteran intelligence professional.
That was his response to the ever-more-numerous and ever-less-disguised public hints that our Kapist-in-Chief is a flat-out traitor. Paul Craig Roberts, a former subcabinet official, writes that Clinton “may” be the first U.S. president to earn that title.
Needless to say, Slick Willie, in what passes in his duplicitous heart as all honesty, would never see it that way. The finest thing he ever did for his country was to become its president and then stay its president. We need to appreciate that Beijing did us a huge favor by making it possible.
Essentially, the Clinton administration said, “Take all our secrets! Cheap!” Oh,yes, cheap! The Chinese spread around inside the White House less than it costs the State Department to purchase an audience with a central African despot.
And this goes on “in front of God and everybody.”Those who are tasked to do something about it mope and slouch, averting their eyes and figuring somebody else maybe ought to look into it. Forget about the Janet Reno’s operation, the Department of Justice, and Congress is once burned, twice shy. They can only hope our
own nukes don’t shower down any time soon.
So Slick Willie walks again.
“We’ll All Be Killed!”
Carol Browner, the ecofreak in charge of the Environmental Protection Agency, is utterly outraged that a three-judge court struck down one of her imperial decrees. Through the Department of Justice, the clintonistasvrill try harder to impose her ridiculous regulations. “If this ruling
“particles” larger than
l/28th the width of a human hair.
Otherwise people will die! Now, this is “junk science,” and Browner is an out-of-control fanatic. But she has heavy-hitting supporters.
Flag-Burning
It is a Flag Day ritual for Congress to soberly debate constitutional amendment to prohibit burning the American flag.
This is silly. Publicly burning or defiling the American flag is simply disorderly conduct, and ought to rate ten days in the local clink for firsttime smart-asses and increasing penalties for slow learners. (I would also avert my eyes from a bit of rough justice metea out by veterans.)
What we have now is flag-burning as free “speech,” and cross-burning as a “hate crime” — and not because it offends Christians, either.
They are both disorderly conduct, to be handled at the local level. Forget a constitutional amendment. We need to teach common sense to a Supreme Court which dignifies flag-burning by “protecting” it.
Details Unavailable,
But Maybe Good News
The House of Representatives voted — overwhelmingly, and with many a strange bedfellow — to clip the wings of “law enforcement” agencies engaged in legalized armed robbery. We speak of “civil forfeiture.” This procedure is alleged to inconvenience “drug kingpins.” Name one so inconvenienced! On the other hand, arguably innocent or entirely innocent people — people who may not even be accused of a crime — can be plundered of cash, cars, boats, homes, aircraft, or anything else of value which tickles either the suspicion or fancy of agents of the state. Will the Senate likewise clip the wings of the armed robbers with badges? And what would the replacement law look like? Here, we must wait and see.
One Plus and One Minus on George W. Bush
JPust two tiny notes. As the Texas legislature voted to prohibit the I alliance of lawyers and local gov-nments from suing firearms manufacturers for the acts of criminals, Bush commented accurately that it was not right to “subcontract legislation” to the American Trial Lawyers’ Association. On the other hand, would you buy a used “no-new-taxes” pledge from this man?
stands, she screamed, “125 million Americans [about half the population], including 35 million children [emotion!] will breathe air that doesn’t meet health standards.”
That is, they will breathe what they are now and have always been breathing.
Browner’s “health standards” are strictly her own. One is that there should not be 8 molecules of ozone per 100,000,000 air molecules, and no
Publicly burning or defiling the American flag is simply disorderly conduct, and ought to rate ten days in the local clink for first-time smart-asses and increasing penalties for slow learners. (I would also avert my eyes from a bit of rough justice meted out by veterans.)
The RESISTER
THEY DESTROY BECAUSE THEY CAN
Clinton's Navy
Merc self-love, says Secretary of the Navy Richard Danzig of a submarine service low on “minorities” and devoid of females. This is a demo-cracy!
Navy Secretary Richard Danzig says its “a problem” that only eight percent of submarine crewmen are minorities."
And then too, zero percent are women. So, as a foot in the door, ROTC women will be bunking in on the boomers this summer.
Creating coed quarters “would further degrade habitability for both genders and require removal of operational equipment, thus reducing warfighting effectiveness,” say some in the Navy.
On the other hand, Navy Secretary Danzig says, “I am animated by the fundamental perception that we are a democracy. The character of our country is changing [and] so must the character of the military.”
Crude sex jokes out of Navy officials at Marine General Krulak’s retirement ceremony.
And the forced retirement of a superb Navy officer, Lt. Patrick Burns, for attempting to maintain standards in naval aviation by exposing the falsification of flight records in order to create "poster girl” fighter pilots.
Hiring Spike Lee to pitch recruitment ads at his kind of people. Then they wonder why white men give the navy a pass. (And the Army. The army recruiting goal is 22% females.)
ACLU vi BSA: The Campaign Goes On
The American Civil Liberties Union has sued to halt any federal agency from sponsoring Boy Scout troops in the United States [see below], on the grounds that this constitutes government support of religion.”
As we have noted before, the Boy
Scouts of America — a private and voluntary organization — “asks a member or scout to recognize a duty to God.” Under huge pressure, the organization “does not Hiring Spike Lee to
specify as to who •. *	_	•.___ .	j
(Sod is, or what God Pltdl recruitment ads is. That is up to the at his kind of people.
Then they wonder
why white men give
the navy a pass.
scout and his parents or religious advisors.”
So Wiccans could specify the nearest oak tree as God, and satanists can recognize an obligation to Satan and still be scouts? But nothingvnW satisfy the Destroyers short of destruction.
“There’s no tolerance,” whines the ACLU lawyer. “A kid who doesn’t want to pledge allegiance to the flag can’t be kicked out of school, but the Boy Scouts will exclude him.”
The purpose of the weasel words about scout troops “in the United States” is because at overseas military bases, “there maybe no local alternative” to military (and thus “government”) sponsorship.
So the government can “support religion” there but not here? The ACLU has always regarded the Constitution not as a framework of limited government, but as a wrecking bar.
Rilev even suggested that every child needs “active parental involvement” Not control—just “involvement,” a ^_ if parents are “involved” in the decision of government
schools to bring junior up to speed on the proper practice of sodomy.
“We need to rally even more support for this pivotal family issue,” declaimed Riley. Translation: Shovel more federal money for propaganda to Hillary’s feminist, mind-mangling friends in the business.
Kevorkian Wimps Out of Death
H
ot news item. Jack Kevorkian, who “assisted” over one hundred people “to the other side,” had threatened a hunger strike if he were imprisoned. After due consideration, however, Kevorkian has decided prison food isn’t that bad after all.
Setting Hillary Down Hard
Federal Kid-Snatchers
As with gun-control, thought policing, and other programs essential to the imposition of tyranny, shifting control of children from parents to agents of the state is simply an ongoing project. The pressure is always there. Not content with its system of K-12 “Dewey camps” which indoctrinate rather than educate, liberals seek to spread the net wider.
Education Secretary Richard Riley, who knows full well that decades of Head Start programs have had no discernible lasting effects on the “disadvantaged,” is pushing Hillary’s agenda by seeking “universal preschool” for three-and four-year-old children.
“Every child needs intellectual stimulation, trained caregivers, emotional support, a safe andhealthy environment...” and with a final breath,
This account is from an eyewitness. Some time ago, Hillary Rodham Clinton swept into the staid old University Club in Manhattan. This establishment forbids yakking on your cell-phone where others are trying to read, sleep, or engage in quiet conversation.
Rules are for peasants. Hillary unlimbered her cell-phone and began conducting her business. A Club employee kept discreetly informing Hillary that such activity was against the rules. Madam, you must desist, or I shall have to ask you to leave — all to no effect.
Finally, Hillary pulls her Empress act. “Don’t you realize that I am the First Lady of the United States?"
The employee had had it with Hillary. He said, “So what? Get out!"
The Club members’ consensus was “Yesss!”
Gore's $100 Million Screen-Saver
A1 Gore not only admits to his literal brainstorms, but uses our money to make them come true. And for Space Agency bureaucrats, any lunatic scheme which adds substantially to their budget is a swell idea.
Gore woke up one night fancying a satellite system dedicated solely to beaming to earth a continuous image of the world. “With El Nino causing growing concern, this will be of tremendous value,” he said, even after the cobwebs had cleared.
We can already observe such things in glorious false-color, and not in ultra-slow “real time.” With the earths 8,000 mile diameter reduced to the size of your screen, you would see blue oceans, white clouds, and parts of continents. The Weather Channel provides the same, plus “fern-meteorologists” to relieve the boredom.
We have already squandered $40 million on this. Faced with reluctance to throw the next $32 million at it, the ranking Democrat on the House space committee, a dim-bulb hack named Bart Gordon (D-TN), declared that it would “cost more” to stop spending the money than to keep spending the money.
“We are going to need a safety lock on the GOP to help protect the American people” from those Gore refers to as “Luddites.”
Long ago, when machinery was replacing handwork in the textile industry, some British workers thought to save their jobs by smashing the machines. Gore, of course, has written of his desire to smash internal combustion engines to save the earth. Who’s the Luddite?
Oxing Al’s Gore
Bob Zelnick, author of Gore: A Political Life, concludes that Gore has trouble with “the idea that there are legitimate opinions aside from his own." This is every liberals problem!
A1 the Super-Environmentalist — see his nutty book, Earth in the Balance — “willingly undercut efforts to
stop Champion International’s toxic waste deposits... in exchange for political profit,” Washington Times reviewer Michael Rust notes. “Those who
ily counselor and a dentist. Melissa Graham wants to be an Army family counselor, while Chih-Yuan Ho ex-__pects to enter dental school, perhaps to be
recall Mr. Gore’s at- This exercise of federal a Navy dentist.
titude toward the tobacco industry—and abortion, Iraq and campaign contributions — may see par
For reasons best known to those who determine these matters, “Miss Graham will be stationed at
judicial destructiveness at VMI will, it appears, produce a
wivsiio llidV OCC L/dl~	£	*	A	|	1	win i/« oiauvuvu ac
allels.” The theme is family counselor and a Field Artillery hypocrisy, money,	dentist.	Officer Basic Course
______ at Fort Sill, Oklahoma.” At first blush, it seemed they were going to make an artillerylady out of her—the army is capable of doing things like that — but family counselor is more likely.
Making general or admiral comes later.
and political oppor- ^ tunism.
Zelnick mentions that Clinton consultant Bob Squier informed his boss that Gore “will not stab you in the back, even if you deserve it.” Perfect for a Number Two man.
If you care to look at it this way, Gore's six-month tour in Vietnam writing Army propaganda “was a decent and honorable” act, compared to Slick Willie’s behavior.
We may or may not review it, but Zelnick’s book is worth reading.
Dual Citizenship Again
Even a liberal like Georgie Ann Geyer deplores the watering-down and rinsing-away of “citizenship” in concept and in fact. Of course, citizenship must be eliminated in the same manner as national sovereignty, to clear the ground for the New World Order.
Some fourteen percent of voting-age Mexicans live in the United States. We need hardly add that every possible opportunity is provided for them to vote for leftist candidates in the United States, fraudulently as well as legally. Now the Mexican government would like them to be able to vote in both places, just as Jews can vote in the United States and also Israel, too.
Virginia Missy Institute
Liberals have been all a-twitter over the fact that two women graduated who had been strong-armed by the feds into The Citadel in Soutn Carolina and Virginia Military Institute. This exercise of federal judicial destructiveness at VMI will, it appears, produce a fam-
Y
Fondaling the Foe
ou only need be politically cor rect in order to win the hearts of the American Association of University Women. Surprise, the AAUW lavished a “Speaking Out for Justice” award on Jane Fonda. If there were any real justice around, Jane would have been convicted of treason a generation ago.
In 1972, she was quite clearly allied with the North Vietnamese Communist government. There was the famous picture of her pretending to shoot down an American plane, but worse than that was her repeatedly expressed contempt for and vilification of American prisoners of war, and her deliberate effort to demoralize them.
Columnist Jeff Jacoby reminded his readers that “Navy captain David Hoffman was hung by his broken arm from a hook until he agreed to take >art” in a propaganda charade with ane Fonda. “Michael Benge... was breed to kneel on a concrete floor, holding a heavy iron bar, and whipped with a bamboo cane” for the same purpose. When the prisoners returned and described their ordeals, this disgusting creature simply called them “hypocrites and liars.
Jane ronda was a vile traitor and should not really be walking around at all — much less being honored as, of all things, a champion of “justice."
The RESISTER
Two Deaths in the NewYorkTimes
Occasionally, I buy a Times. June 28, page 16, recorded two deaths, that of George Papadopoulos in Greece and Rose Kryzak in New York. One was an anti-Communist, one was a Communist. The anti-Communist died in prison, the Communist was lauded as a "vigorous advocate for the rights of the elderly.”
In 1967, Colonel Papadopoulos moved to prevent the son of Greece’s leftist prime minister from carrying out his Aspida conspiracy. Young Andreas Papandreou had been placed in charge of the Greek intelligence sendee, and plotted to pull Greece our of NATO and establish Marxist rule, an effort bound to revive Greece’s extremely cruel postwar civil war.
When Papadopoulos fell from power in 1974, Papandreou and his friends sent him to prison for the remaining 25 years of his life.
As for Rose Kryzak, her Jewish socialist father arrived in the U.S. in 1910, and she became “a member of the Communist Party for her entire life," and was lauded in the usual films about noble Communists.
Decadent American Art
The U.S. pavilion [at the Venice Bienalle] "is... a superpower’s force.” With a cool million dollars to squander, our government’s Fund for U.S. Artists at International Festivals and Exhibitions could erect “a 90-foot wall of steel and glass” to showcase “Ann Hamilton’s severe meditation on violence in America,” quoth Time magazine. Hamilton created four empty rooms. A sifting of “fuchsia powder” covers the floors. The walls are studded with descriptions of “American violence” — in Braille. A recording intones the Gettysburg address — spelled out phonetically as foxtrot, oscar, uniform, romeo — need I go on? Obviously, all these “messages are incomprehensible to normal minds. Her previous masterpieces included beetles eating meat, and herself burning “words from a book.” For this sort of thing, she received the 1993 “genius award?
SEWER RATS
AIDS Lies
Michael Fumento has been a “lone voice in the wilder ness,” opposing engineered public hysteria over AIDS. He reports that Oprah Winfrey, who can reach a very large proportion of the brain-dead population, stampeded the herd in 1987 by announcing that one in five heterosexuals would be dead of
AIDS—by 1990.In ____________
1988, USA Today predicted that by 1991, ten percent of all American babies would be “AIDS victims.” In 1990, Surgeon General Koop
There is method in this madness; it is about shaking loose multi-billions in tax
0.1 1WUU ___ •	J	W11C1G 11U11U1 6UO l/l
predicted an “explo- money in order to Sat” high schools and col-sion” of the disease isfy the queer lobby. leges [the later claim among the general _— was 200 altogether]
graph: “Thursday...marked a day at Washington College when students against homophobia did not speak out for the rights of people of all sexual orientations. Instead, they remained silent in order to help spread awareness about the silence that lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgendered youth are forced into every day. This was done in order to increase the visibility of those who support the equal treatment of otherwise outcast members of society, and also to teach people not to be afraid to speak out against homophobia.”
—^Should any reader bother to unscramble the logic, do drop me a post card.
“The Day of Silence is a nationwide, youth-led event where hundreds of
population, and in 1992 Pat Schroeder said AIDS would threaten “the loss of another generation” as teen-agers were wiped out by the disease. And in 1993, Hillarys pick for Secretary of Health and Human Services, Donna Shalala, announced that unless her outfit received billions for research, “There may be no one left.”
There is method in this madness; it is about shaking loose multi-billions in tax money in order to satisfy the queer lobby. “AIDS education,” as an example, amounts to hiring queers to tell each other not to do what they do. The facts remain much as they have always been — AIDS affects homosexual men, intravenous drug-takers, females who consort with same, and luckless babies born to them. Hispanics have four times the rate, and blacks have ten times the rate of infection as whites. It has to do Math “life-style.”
The Light Side of Victim Studies
For the student paper at my local brain laundry, every week is a slow news week.
First page headline: “Students speak out for homosexual rights tnrough day of silence.” Lead para-
protest the oppression of lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgendered youths.” Ah, the pomposity and moving in herds!
At this college, “there were 33 official participants, but it was estimated that more than 100 students and faculty members participated.” It was estimated? How? Was everyone not speaking at the moment presumed to be supporting the queers? On the other hand, how does a faculty member go about remaining silent through all his/her/its classes?
GALA spokes-creatures look forward to bigger and better Days of Silence on campus, since “there is much more to be done in combating prejudice...ending the silence and hatred students face. Following the silence was a session to provide additional information to students about what the silence stood for.... Another goal is to encourage an even greater number of students to have their voices heard without speaking at all.”
As the kids say, *Duh! Yeah, I guess....”

They Never Quit
omnivorous reading includes The Presbyterian
Layman, a publication of the Lay Committee of the Presbyterian
H m v, No. i
Church (USA). Under Parker Williamson, the paper has bravely exposed the machinations of the wacko libs controlling the church bureaucracy.
It scores an occasional win against the goddess-worshipping feminists and the militant sodomites.
But John Knox, call your office! New from Westminster John Knox Press — Coming Out as Sacrament, by gay activist Chris Glaser.
As a book reviewer notes, “Where is the connection between God’s call to prophets and priests and a 'coming out’ ritual for homosexuals?
How can' coming out’ be equated with a church sacrament?”
Since this screed was published by the church press, the reviewer feels obliged to go over the theological objections, instead of just picking up a stick and screaming “geddoudahere!”
The public schools push “gay pride” and “Coming Out Days,” so a religious sacrament is just the next step.
Oh, thaaay! Think of the cotn-tumes, the rit-thuals, the theater]
TV and Queerdom
Prime time, the after-dinner hours when people like to kick back and be entertained — yet the kids are still at large — will fester more than ever with characters conducting and joking about their kinky lives.
Liberals boast that “25 homosexual characters are featured on prime-time dramas and sitcoms — in a positive manner.”
Anything less is “defamation,” which is reserved for normal people.
The kids may have to enlighten their parents. By grade four, it’s *now, children, what’s the word for when you stick this in there}
On the other hand,TV realizes its social responsibility and therefore it does draw the line somewhere.
There are those who say that homosexuality can be overcome. But not on the public airwaves!
Several family-oriented groups assembled quite a lot of money and wanted to spent it on sixty-second ads to the effect that it is possible to “come out of homosexuality.” No way\
Reaching Out to Queers
November 2000 is a long way off, but the election campaign season seems to have begun depressingly early. Kissing babies was probably easier than schmoozing queers with AIDS, but this is what some candidates feel they must do, lest they be labeled bigoted, hate-mon-gering homophobes. On a June fundraising swing through California, the only folks who could press A1 Gore’s flesh without a thousand-dollar campaign contribution were the denizens of a homosexual waterhole.
Bill Clinton and Frau Hillary’s New York nemesis, Mayor Rudy Giuliani, was also at it, seventeen dreary months before November of 2000. The president anointed a New York fag-bar a National Historical Site, in ^honor” of a cop-bashing riot staged there a mere 30 years ago. Meanwhile, Giuliani, (who, for political or deeper reasons, has already flounced around in drag) took part in the Gay and Lesbian parade, right there with the queens and the lads flaunting their leather thong underwear.
But of course the queers and their liberal allies can freely attack other people.
The Promise Keepers, whose announced objectives are to “motivate men to be active in their churches and promote racial and sectarian reconciliation,” draw particular fag ire. For this offense, the Promise Keepers are to be harassed by “a coalition of [gay] activists and religious leaders sympathetic to furthering gay rights.”
The group is accused of being “fundamentalist, sexist, homophobic, [and] devoted to the mores and values of 19th century white America.” Sounds good to me. It beats what we have now.
BUY LONG IN ROPE FUTURES...
Bill’s Gun-Control Tantrum
ABC’s Charlie Gibson probably does believe fervently in “gun control.” But by criticizing Clinton over gun-control proposals that do not yet disarm us, Gibson got Bill’s dander up.
Clinton told Americans, “Of course I want federal gun registration!” But the House did not immediately rubber-stamp his brand-new law,“so now it will take yearsr
Our president is so accustomed to instant gratification.
Knee Jerks
A shooting anywhere jerks the knees ofjerks everywhere. Besides, the warm season is the “demo season.” One of the large but unspoken attractions of aemos is that silly girls attending these things fall for politi-cally-correct lines of patter. Thus, demos gained a reputation decades ago as “a great place to pick up chicks.”
From the looks of so many of those who decided that the National Rifle Association was responsible for Littleton, their best days were over. What’s worse, they could look around them and check out those same dumb chicks thirty years later! Aargh!
“Handsome, a.k.a. “The Big Jerk,” lives in the White House now, where chicks “stalk” him in the Oral Office, despite his Secret Service protection. The presidency was once called “a bully pulpit,” but it is now another kina of bull pulpit. Playing to his con-
The president anointed a New York fag-bar a National Historical Site, in “honor” of a copbashing riot staged there a mere 30 years ago. Meanwhile, Giuliani, (who, for political or deeper reasons, has already flounced around in drag) took part in the Gay and Lesbian parade...
Vol. V, No. 3
23
they wanted to find out if we would
rive approval to letting Gore take
credit for this internet “tool”] in pub-• »
1C.
Fallout From Littleton
The fragments rain down on all sides, as everyone tries to make hay of the event — or conceal his/her/its possible contributions to the event. Congress appeared ready to roll over for the gun-grabbers. Ambulance-chasing lawyers, politicians, and roving “grief counselors” moved in to partake of the available morsels. Such a profusion of finger-pointing is a marvel to behold. In fact, there has been a teensy bit of finger-pointing at the local armed-to-the-teeth and armored SWAT-cops, who waited two hours for the shooting to stop and everybody to finish bleeding to death before venturing inside. Cops are so brave, so decisive — when the opposition is unarmed.
Getting Good Grades
students. The video was violent, and ended with the two bludgeoning a dummy amid much fake blood."'flu Post reported that “everybody’s video involved fighting,” and that a female student’s own video “contained sexual scenes.”
The high school transcript, of course, would have shown that these “students” had earned fine grades in creative writing, government and economics!
The picture devel-oping is that of schools as mere “youth centers.” If schools don’t “entertain” young people, or better yet, allow them to entertain themselves and each other, the kids won’t come. Subsidized dating is but one aspect.
Being more familiar with the college-level scene, this sheds light on such phenomena as “grade inflation” — professors seeking popularity by handing out high grades — and the proliferation of easy, trendy, worthless courses. If one campus doesn’t offer four years of dating, sports, parties, victim studies and pom flicks, the kiddies are apt to flock to some rival institution of higher learning.
Cops are so brave, so decisive — when the opposition is unarmed.
stituency in the CFR and their patsies marching in the street, the all-seeing and all-knowing federal government has a package of proposed new laws which simply advance, in a plodding, predictable manner, the forty-year drive to disarm the American people before they catch on.
Cash for Dispensations
President Clinton repaid those who had just given him $2,000,000 by assuring the Hollywood fat-cats that it wasn’t their products that tipped kids over the edge, it was the fault of the retailers ana exhibitors down the food chain who peddled their garbage to the schmucks.
In a surprising twist, Clinton did not condemn gun manufacturers, either. No, the guilty parties were Republicans who wouldn’t pass the Establishment’s gun-control laws, intended to make the world safe for agents of the state. (Is Clinton planning a firearms industiy fund-raiser? He could always point out that the Establishment is going to need plenty more armed agents of the state. Like mercenaries everywhere, you have to wonder how many are willing to die for their paycheck.)
The Zombie With the Fertile Imagination
A1 Gore had a spate of bad luck back in May. No sooner had he praised the film Matrix, with its trench-coated “heroes” blasting away, automatic pistols in each hand, than some trench-coated kids began doing the same at Littleton. Oops!
In a move which passes for nimble, candidate Gore went to Colorado to “physically embrace” the parent of murdered students. (Not long ago, candidate George Bush read off his own prompting card, “Message: I care.”) Gore then returned to Washington to claim as his own “an internet tool to protect children.”
An industiy expert who preferred not to be fingered by the Vr’s office said, ”1 got an emergency phone call that the vice president s people wanted to play off the Columbine tragedy and
II	t is painfully obvious that Ameri-can public high schools are J largely playpens, not educational institutions. I must credit Newt Gingrich with his summing-up of high school as “subsidized dating.” Certain aspects were revealed in the “fine print of reports out of Littleton. Bowling class? Oh, yes!
Eric Harris, togged out in suit and tie for his juvenile court hearing, announced that he got “As and Ss” at Columbine High School. His fantasies were rewarded in creative writing class. They were “pretty gory* and “littered with profanity,” but well-received by classmates.The lady teacher gave these obscene fantasies top grades, although in the aftermath of events, “she could not be reached for comment.”
The Washington Post reported that Klebold and Harris “made a video for a government and economics class in which they showed themselves as hit men... who could be hired to wreak justice on jocks who picked on other
Hello-oo! Anyone Awake?
The Harris garage doors opened out upon a short driveway. A neighbor did notice the pair in there noisily smashing glass — for shrapnel, as it happened. The accepted explanation was “this is for a class project.” Junior is wearing his silly costume to school again. Junior is doing God knows what all night with his computer. Junior is making lurid videos again. Junior s language has coarsened over time. Junior is making odd things in the garage. Such a brilliant boy! Did you take the pills the nice doctor gave you? Good!
Zonking the Kids
Amok killer Eric Harris “was one of more than 800,000 school-aged children nationwide taking anti-depressant
drugs," psychiatric experts told the Washington Times. The number of “U.S. children ages 6 to 18 taking one of three anti-depressants — Prozac, Paxil, or Zoloft (and not including Luvox) rose from 661,000 in 1996 to 752,000 in 1997 and over 800,000 in 1998.
But hey, even more kids “need help.” “The National Institute of Mental Health estimates that as many as 1.5 million children and adolescents — 2.5 percent of all [60 million] Americans under age 18 — are seriously depressed.The American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry puts the number of' significantly’ depressed children and adolescents at 3.4 million.”
“National polls indicate that 1 in 4 kids thinks about suicide each year. And by the end of high school, 1 in 10 kids has made at least one suicide attempt.” A “tragedy,” that “most kids who suffer depression go undiagnosed and untreated.” So we are to believe that fifteen million kids a year contemplate suicide, and six million a year try it? Or is this a “cry for help” out of the under-employed psychiatrist, psychologist, therapist “community.”
The Times article was remarkably unclear about what, exactly, these drugs are supposed to be accomplishing. Luvox, Harris’ “medication,” “is officially approved for treating obsessive-compulsive disorder, not depression, in minors, even though it is commonly prescribed as a depression therapy in this age group, doctors say.” “Do tnese medications cause violence?” the shrinks ask rhetorically. “The answer is absolutely no.” But... they can “unmask an underlying manic depression” in those “predisposed to that type of mental disorder.” (Try making sense out of these statements.; The snamans who once used masks and rattles now use pills.
In case you wonder, these pill-popping figures are in addition to the “four million schoolchildren who are on Ritalin, a drug many physicians acknowledge maybe over-prescribed for restless children believed to suffer from a condition known as attention deficit disorder.”
Before the current era of enlightenment, zillions of children went undiagnosed and untreated, and society was in a lot better shape. Of course, there were no psychiatrists or psy-
chologists either. “Attention-deficit” was cured, swiftly and cheaply, by a no-nonsense command to “pay attention!” — reinforced, if need be.
Ambulance-Chasers
Attorneys are “calling relatives of the deceased [students] in a search forpotential clients.” So begins another Washington Post story in the wake of Littleton. The parents of those two nut-cases are apt to be sued out of their socks and join the ranks of the homeless. Deeper pockets, namely those of the taxpayers, will also be sought.
The parents of the lone black killed at Littleton evidently intend to work the “racist” angle in suing “the parents, the school, and other government entities,” claiming that their children were “subject to repeated racial taunts.” (No evidence that they were!)
One lawyer lusting to make more millions for himself out of this is none other than Geoffrey Fieger. (He “just happens to be...”) “Fieger is an accomplished personal injury lawyer with expertise in racially charged wrongful death suits. Last April, Fieger won a $13 million judgment from a federal jury for the family of Edward Swans, a mentally ill African-American who died after a struggle with police....” He was Jack Kevorkian’s lawyer until Kevorkian proved the old saw about having a fool for both attorney and client. After leaving the employ of Jack the Dripper, Fieger went on to gain the Democratic nomination for governor of Michigan. He lost — big time — a nice black eye for a truly rotten, Red-infested Democratic Party of Michigan.
Target Selection
Racist, Nazi....The first-choice round of cuss-words gradually fell to ground when it turned out that Klebold’s grandparents are Jewish and that the targets were school athletes and devout Christians. The lone black was an athlete, re-
gardless of Fieger’s prospecting for Colorado gold. Harris and Klebold were suctioning up every kind of garbage, and evidently lacked any moral underpinnings or adult guidance. They had turned themselves into foul-tempered, foul-mouthed freaks without any grown-up either troubling or daring to mention it.
Libs hate school athletes, so it was easy for them to sympathize with a murderous rage directed against them — without explicitly excusing it, of course. Why a pack of surly, offensive freaks should not have been teased remains unexplained. Were Harris and Klebold homosexuals? Who knows. We are to imagine that a giggling girl’s query, a year ago, about when Harris and Klebold were going to get married, was responsible for the year-long plotting of revenge. The propaganda point is, homosexuals can only be “victims,” never perpetrators.
Too Christian!
Evangelical “tone of memorial spurs backlash,” said the frontpage headline in the Washington Times. “Some liberal Christian, black, and Jewish leaders are outraged over the strongly evangelical Christian tone of Sunday’s memorial service for those massacred at Columbine High School.”
“It turned into an evangelical prayer service,” said Rabbi Stephen Foster of Temple Emanuel. “The issue was one of insensitivity to the kind of statements that were being made that were exclusively directed to not just Christians, but fundamentalist Christians.” Jews hate Christians, even their own invention, fundamentalists.
The paper reported that Rabbi Fred Greenspann, “who gave the service’s closing prayer, told the Denver Post the program exhibited “a pretty ignorant, narrow-minded streak of Christianity.” He meant there was no groveling at the feet of Jews. The service mentioned of acceptance of Christ as a personal savior, and even “featured songs with a Christian theme.” Also, there was no black preacher at that service, although this
Jews hate Christians, even their own invention, fundamentalists.
mii more than amply remedied in a hastily-convened Dlack-and-white spectacular. Jews allow blacks to be Christians. They re easier to control that way.
“The Reverend Lucia Guzman,” apparently a politically-correct Hispanic female reverend, “executive director of the [liberal] Colorado Council of Churches,” moaned that the service was “heavily weighted toward what you might call evangelical or independent churches.” (Trans-| lation: Churches not contributing to the state, national, and world Council of Churches racket.) “I have many rabbi colleagues,” Guzman continued, ‘who were incensed by the one-sided nature of the service.
So what?
“Critics are trying to arrange a meeting with Colorado Governor Bill Owens” to complain about the brand of sentiment expressed when people bury their kids. In words he will probably be forced to eat, Dick Wa dnams, spokesman for Governor Owens, blurted, “It’s just reprehensible that they would try to politicize the memorial service.” Backpedaling almost at once, he whined that the liberal, black, and Jewish critics just didn’t move fast enough when the service was being planned.
garbage may be bad for the nation’s kids, but it’s good for the Gores. No contest.
Robert Squier, a professional political staffer serving anybody, ran around spinning that Gore “was in such physical and emotional contact with these victims in Littleton that it powerfully affected him.” Poor Gore can’t come close to the performances of that multipurpose lip-biter in the White House.
THOSE “o” THINGS (AGAIN!)
T
Gore Exploits Colorado—in Iowa
Tooling around early-reporting Iowa, presidential hopeful A1 Gore deplored violence and extolled gun-control and “better access to mental health care" (welfare! for the pill-pushers). He also uncorked his latest astounding discovery, that "the community can be a powerful force in society. This is at the essence {sic) of what community [singular] can do."
Those with moderately long memories may recall that Al*s wife Tipper, ten years ago, thought to oppose the worst products of Hollywood and the “music” industry, but was stopped dead by the clear message that a freeze on political contributions from those sources would punch a huge hole in A1 Gore’s political treasure-chest. Hollywood and MTV
Disclaimer
his issue of The Resister contains an uncommon amount of theological discussion. 1 am not interested in that.
What interests me are the effects of Jewish tribal hostility toward me, people like me, my country and my civilization, as shown in the recent past, the -■ -	-	-
present, and the likely future.
Not “all Jews,” okay? But we have wealthy, well-positioned, tightly-organized,
contemptuous gangs of Jews proud oftheir ability to dominate a much larger population. The majority population has been remarkably
invent them. I bring them
tention of our readers, and comment upon them.
That is already a “crime’’ in other countries.
Americans, having provided refuge for Jews run out of other societies are now reaping their “reward ” The more Jews prosper, the easier they find it to manipulate and control the host society — in this case, ours. Its astonishingly blatant.
If there are Jews who consider this not nice, or at least unwise in the long run, they need to make more effort to be heard, because they *//know, from thousands of years of tribal experience, what happens when the magic wears off.
A
Slobber, Slobber, Grovel, Grovel
t times, some venturesome soul will suggest that America’s .role in the endless “Middle East peace process” is less than even-handed.
If you wonder _____ how that can be, Vice
President A1 Gore gave us a fresh example. On May 18, he addressed the 39th Annual Policy Conference of the
If there are Jews who consider this not nice, or at least unwise in the long run, they ind need to make more ef-
r	-	.	,	,	lie	Affairs Commit-
fort to be heard, be- tee (AIPAC), the cause they all know,
from thousands of years of tribal experi-......	,	ence,	what happens
dimwitted so far, and «	•	•	*
the tribal Thought when the maglc wears Police are determined	off.
to keep it that way.
The
urge
to control, transform, and should it please them, even to destroy a host society is all too obvious, so it is unseemly to accuse the rest of us of “hate.” Perhaps the urge is hardwired into their tribal brains, considering how persistently this urge manifests itself.
What 1 present in these pages are samplings of tobat is going on. These examples are original^ reported elsewhere, often by the boasting of the hostile tribesmen themselves. 1 don’t
tee
most powerful, most feared lobby in
m
Washington.
Gore acknowledged his “many warm friends” in the audience, the Jews inhabiting the White -■ ■ i	House	and	the	State
Department. “I want to salute you for your love of Israel." Not a word about anybody's love of the United States of America. Keep your barf-bags handy.
When he and Tipper were in Jerusalem, Gore said he had had “the honor of putting into words to the people of Israel the bottomless reservoir of love and respect felt for them by the people of the United States of America."
“Our admiration for Israel has
26
Vol. V, No. 3
never been greater, our commitment to Israel has never been stronger, our friendship with Israel has never been deeper. America stands by Israel now and forever. Our special relationship with Israel is ironclad, eternal, and absolute."
America will do anything for Israel. America exists to serve Israel. Lest Israels actual or potential adversaries gain strength, “Let me assure you that the United States government at every level has been working diligently to block this process, to cut off its oxygen and suffocate it and end it.”
Next, “To [AIPAC members] who have worked so hard to make sure that Israel will never be threatened, I pledge to you here this evening that this administration will continue to use all of our resources and all our ingenuity to win this battle to ensure the safety of Israel."
“There is one constant: The United States has an absolute, uncompromising commitment to Israels security and an absolute conviction that Israel alone must decide the steps necessary to ensure that security. Whatever Israel decides cannot, will not, will never, not ever alter our fundamental commitment to her security.”
“It is tsaddik that we pursue together!” Gore declaimed. It is doubtful that his AIPAC speechwriter bothered to translate from the Hebrew for him. All that was required was to make a decent stab at pronouncing it.
Gore finished with a review of 4000 years ofjews-as-victims, a story which “I believe, and the people of the United States believe, entitles Jews to everything we can offer.
“May God bless Medinat Yisrael!” Gore concluded to a standing ovation.
A1 Gore wants to be President of the United States, the better to serve Israel.
[Editor’s comment: Tsaddik is Hebrew for a Hassidic spiritual leader or sage. Sounds pleasant, yes? No. Jewish author, Israel Shahak, in his 1994 hook, Jewish History, Jewish Religion, remarks about Hassidim tsaddik, “...their fanatical cult of... ‘holy rabbis’ who extort money from them... (and Americans) in tune with the totalitarian admiration of anything ‘genuinely Jewish’....” Elizabeth Dilling, in her 1958 book, The Plot
Against Christianity,quoting the Uni-\ versal Jewish Encyclopedia, is more candid; a “[Tsaddik] rules by the possession of the largest number of ... ‘sparks’ of divine emanation... he stands on the same level as Moses and the Prophets, and not only speaks with the authority of the Torah, but may even change and abrogate it.... Hassidim must... cater to his every whim, and not question his conduct even when it seems to depart from the accepted norm.” When A1 Gore, Jr., son of Communist Jew Armand Hammers stooge, Senator A1 Gore, Sr., declares that Israel is the tsaddik of the United States, I think it is time for AIPAC to be ruthlessly crushed.
SMB]
Jewish Lobby Rated Tops
Tlhe American Israel Public Af-I fairs Committee (AIPAC) is I rated by the liberal Aspen Institute, as “one of the most highly effective nonprofit (sic) advocacy groups in the nation.”
The word AIPAC (Ay-pack) is| also the most feared! on Capitol Hill, and as far as “nonprofit” is concerned, when a relatively minor investment of millions is repaid in billions every year, the word “nonprofit” has been seriously abused.
The Aspen Institute reports with admiration that “Foreign aid funding issues are dominated bv three
J
distinct types of nonprofits — international policy think tanks, nonprofit deliverers of international relief and development assistance, and the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.”
AIPAC “can get close to a 100 percent coverage rate, meaning that every member of Congress is contacted.” “AIPAC s main strength is the intensity with which [its Jewish] members believe in the importance of the relationship between the U.S. and Israel." “Most of AIPAC s staff come from government or academic backgrounds. The legislative staff is
steeped in government experience.”
You bet! AIPAC people are infiltrated into Congressional staffs. A Congressman emerging from a closed committee meeting often returns to his office to find the phone ringing off the hook with comments from AIPAC members about what he did or did not say during the meeting. Congress is covered like a blanket on behalf of Israel.
Under the heading “Recent Legislative Achievements” we find:
1)	Enhance U.S.-Israel Strategic Cooperation.This means Israel takes credit for the technology stolen from the U.S., and wins contracts for “joint” projects based upon it.
2)	Derail Iran’s Nuclear Weapons Program — using Uncles financial and political power.
3)	Strengthen Israel Through Military and Economic Aid — send many billions, and “within thirty days!” That’s a special Jew-law just for Israel.
4)	Counter Terrorism — AIPAC pushed for the Clinton administration’s National Commission on Terrorism. Jewish groups
have set themselves up as America’s de facto political police.
5)	Advance the Peace Process: AIPAC also gloried in instantly rounding up “82 senators and 236 representatives” to “dissuade the
fresident from pub-icly pressuring Israel
in [the 1998 Wye River] peace negotiations.” Or else.
6)	Broaden the U.S. Israel Relationship — by bringing ever more members of Congress to Israel to don the yarmulke and demonstrate their “unshakable bond” of commitment to Israel. Or else.
7)	Protect Jerusalem as the Capital of Israel — no part of Jerusalem to be described as other than wholly Jewish on any official U.S. document. Or else.
8)	End Israel’s Isolation at the United Nations.The method explains at last why Israel is suddenly being called a “West European nation.”“Israel is the only countiy not in a re-
When A1 Gore, Jr., son of Communist Jew Armand Hammer’s stooge, Senator A1 Gore, Sr., declares that Israel is the tsaddik of the United States, I think it is time for AIPAC to be ruthlessly crushed. [SMB]
gional group, making it ineligible to serve on special committees such as the Security Council."
As a follow-up to that last point, in May, "at a dinner attended by Henry Kissinger and former Israeli Foreign Minister Abba Eban, [UN Secretary General Kofi] Annan promised to nelp Israel find membership in one of tne organizations regional groups, which would allow the country to take a more active role within the United Nations.”
Watte nberg’s Pick
Pewish “neo-conservative” colum-I nist Ben Wattenberg was eager to I list the Jews who now constitute #1% of the U.S. Senate (so if he can do it, we can do it).They are Feinstein and Boxer (CA), Kohl and Feingold (WI), Schumer (NY), Levin (MI), Wyden (OR), Wellstone (MN), Specter (PA), Lautenberg (NJ), and Lieberman (CT).
Note that Jews may boast of their ethnic solidarity. Whites (and Christians) may not.
Wattenberg told us that "Lieberman, representing the right wing of the left-wing party, would be the strongest Democratic candidate for president — or vice president.” Wattenberg says A1 Gore, on being told that Lieberman, is "a Modern Orthodox Jew who holds the Sabbath sacred,” would “likely do very well," because "voters in Tennessee admire people who are God-fearing and religious.” (But Christians had best not advertise themselves as such, or the Jews will be all over them!)
A1 Gore has groveled energetically before the Israeli lobby. Wattenberg would like to place a Jew a heartbeat from the presidency.
“The Fires of Hate™ Consume Us All”
Down Memory Lane: Cleaning up revealed a full-page Washington Post ad dated June 14, 1996 signed by "Abraham H. Foxxnan, National Director" and "David H. Strassler, National Chairman" of the Anti-Defamation League.
Remember that 1996 scam? There was no rash of church burning, black
church burning, or “racist-inspired” black church burning. It didn’t happen. But “those” in control of the mass media can make you believe it happened. Bill Clinton said he recalled these nonevents clearly, and remembered how badly he had felt at the time! Just another politically advantageous lie.
Foxman and the ADL extended a kindly helping hand to “good Americans” as they struggled to overcome their own guilt about this non-event. “You can — ——■ indeed you must — stop these vicious hatemongers... Write letters to members of the burned churches. Send them to us. Send your check made out to ADL Rebuild the Churches Fund. ADL will continue to combat hatred™... tracking and exposing haters™ and hate groups™, promoting laws against hate crimes™.”
There must be a separate file cabinet for the scbmucks who actually wrote snivelly letters of apology and sent money. That’s how tney work.
“Ex-Nazi Guilty of Genocide”
You “were there and took part in the bloody business” of November 1943, even if, as you claim, you just reloaded rifles as ordered, thundered a self-righteous Judge Teichmann. Students of history may realize that much bloody business was being engaged in by all parties at that time.
But Alfons Goetzfrid, 79 and hobbling on a crutch after 13 years in a Siberian slave camp, was convicted of “assisting in the killing of 17,000 Jetus" There’s the key word.
“The conviction came as Nazi hunters around the world race to press charges against suspected war criminals before they become too old or feeble to stand trial." Seventy-nine and a crippled survivor of a Jew-run Soviet gulag, however, is just about right for Jewish vengeance.
"Prosecutors in the United States opened a new legal effort this week to deport John Demjanjuk, 79, who has been accused of operating a gas chamber at theTreblinlca death camp (has anyone else noticed that "death
camp” “survivors” '
(has anyone else noticed that "death camp” "survivors” is an oxymoron?)
is an oxymoron?) during World War II,” continued the Associated Press reporter, conveniently overlooking the fact Demjanjuk hadn’t done that at all
To paraphrase a disappointed Rabbi Marvin Heir’s reaction at the time, “So vat? So hang ghim for ^^a_g_a^_somsing galse!" That lis the present effort, 22 years after the first try fizzled.
The ordeal ofjohn Demjanjuk deserves book-length treat-Iment — far more 11 1	than the thumbnail
effort which follows.
Demjanjuk was targeted by Jews as someone called “Ivan the Terrible." A Jewish book about Treblinka states that said Ivan the Terrible was killed at the end ofWorld War II. That "evidence” was flipped off by the simple statement, “We lied.” And “we lied again” in the accusation, as it turned out.
At the demand of the Jews, Demjanjuk was quite frankly framed by the Justice Department’s Jew-run Office of Special Investigations, a unit which works exclusively for the Jews. A federal court in Ohio found the OSI guilty of egregious misbehavior—but of course nothing bad happened to OSI or its people as a result of that finding. It is forbidden to punish Jews.
The frame-up was helped along by Soviet agent Armand Hammer, who paid for a forged ID card from the KGB. (This little episode is never included in biographies of Hammer which reveal many other unsavory aspects of his career, including his “purchase” of A1 Gore’s father.)
Demjanjuk, who had lived an unblemished life as an American auto worker, was deemed guilty of haring lied on a form in the 1940s, the pretext for stripping him of American citizenship and sending him to Israel to star in a show trial. And quite a show trial it was, with young Jews trucked into the courtroom to watch "Holocaust® survivors” screaming, “That’s him! I’d know him anywhere!” forty-odd years later.
They were, of course, mistaken at best, enthusiastically lying at worst.
Demjanjuk was sentenced to death. He spent seven years in solitary in an Israeli prison, waiting to be hanged




for something he didn’t do, before the Israelis finally admitted the whole thingwas sort of a big misunderstanding. Demjanjuk returned to the United States and had his citizenship restored by a federal court in Ohio which also passed judgment on the Justice Department s disgraceful behavior.
Vengeance, like looting, never ends voluntarily for these people. Crippled old veterans are their favorite individual prey, while “deep-pocket” banks, insurance companies, and whole governments are their favorite institutional prey.
N asty As They Wanna Be
As ever, the leftist double standard prevails. During the impeachment hearings and trial, bratty Hollywood libs like Alec Baldwin felt free, in defense of their equally bratty president, to call for the murder of Congressmen and their entire families.
Spike Lee wants to drill Charleton Heston with a .44 because of his position on gun control. Lee’s own position is made clear in his films celebrating black violence against whites.
It’s not that they haven’t always been bloody-minded, it’s just that they’re feeling ever more free to publicize their violent, vengeful fantasies.
The above renders the left’s verbal excesses almost tame. We need only recall the crass insults directed against non-leftists from the level of Supreme Court nominees to potential local school board members.
One columnist recalled Harvard Jew-law professor Alan Dershowitz, a defender of O.J. Simpson, spewing his hatred for Rep. Bob Barr of Georgia. When an interviewer tried to encourage a bit of civility, Dershowitz turned on him, calling nim “a horse’s ass, a wimp, and a liar. You’ll be working for McDonald’s in a few years, because you’re playing ball with rac-ists!
Note the typical Jewish threat to cut your throat financially if you challenge them. All too many conservative commentators and columnists have seen their livelihoods curtailed or cut off completely because organized Jews have made sure they have few or no sources of income.
Suppressing the Goyim
Legality of “graduation prayers still not clear after court ruling,” it says here. Late spring, early summer — the Commencement Sea- ■——— son, the season of rancorous Jewish-led crusades against
DeKalb County
seems to be full of young Christians Christians who fancy
seeking to acknowl- *	^	, r J
edge Christ’s help. that they have free-Item: Two federal dom of religion. Aggressive Jews and their ACLU lawyers have spent years teaching them that
proselytizing — pe- they do not have free- gious, it coerces ob-rennial Jewish dom of religion. Only jecting students to themes. What they’re	t	participate in prayer
trying to say is “non-	jews QO.
religious.” What they
circuit courts have ruled that a sort-of prayer might be sort-of okay, if it’s nonde-nominational, nonsectarian, non-
Court’s armed federal marshals “to use religious words if they are more than brief in duration.” No laugh, that, about armed federal marshals. As we reported some issues back, school per-sonnel considering defiance of a court-ordered brain-■1 ■■ washing course were threatened by the feds with that midnight knock on the door.
The mid-May decision in a Florida case tells us who the 11th Circuit obeys. The court “declared that Florida students may not vote on a two-minute commencement message because, if it is refi-
mean is non-Christian. Perhaps a nod to the spirits of the rocks and trees might be okay, as long as it’s short, ana Jews approve.
Item: “Tne 3rd Circuit in 1995 struck down a New Jersey school district policy allowing a student-writ-ten prayer if school officials reviewed it first. You’d better believe it would have been equally forbidden if a proposed prayer were not officially reviewed first. Ordinary people and local officials keep twisting and turning, thinking there must be sensible solution which will satisfy their Jewish tormentors short of total surrender. That ain’t the name of their game, fools.
Ah, but the 11th Circuit has these Christians firmly in hand. Whatever your question is, the answer is No!
“In DeKalb County, Alabama, a 1997 court injunction stopped a policy that allowed the valedictorian to speak on any topic at any depth, including a religious one.” DeKalb County seems to be full of Christians who fancy that they have freedom of religion. Aggressive Jews and their ACLU lawyers have spent years teaching them that they do not have freedom of religion. Only Jews do.
The 11th Circuit is supposedly mulling whether it is “constitutional* for students within reach of the
Nonsense, of course. —— Nobody can coerce you into prayer. But some Jew might be “offended,” so stop the world!
“Groups” — guess which ones — “cheered the ruling. Phil Baum, executive director of the American Jewish Congress, said the court ruled correctly... lest a majority impose their will on a minority and permit prayer that would be offensive to some* [Emphasis added.]
Yi
Sheinbein
oung Samuel Sheinbein is no longer pretending that he didn’t murder Alfreao Tello in Maryland in September of 1997. He’s just going to claim he didn’t know what he was doing when he stabbed Tello and dismembered and burned his body. That’s a lot of work! Two years after the fact, in September of 1999, Sheinbein is due to go on trial in Israel for a Maryland murder. In Israel, they can go easy on Jews who kill non-Jews and then don’t “waste the court’s time” by claiming; innocence. Now Israel promises’rto imprison Sheinbein.
Sheinbein and his daddy are both U.S. citizens, but daddy is one of those “dual citizens” with allegiance to Israel. His son was not, at the time of the murder, officially a dual citizen,
Vol. V, No. 3
29
but Israel decided that, as a Jew, he could take refuge with his tribe. Sheinbeins daddy knew something the rest of us didn't. "Mr. Sheinbeins defense team benefits from a 1978 [Israeli] law, passed at the request of then-Prime Minister Menachim Begin, who argued that Jews should not be handed over for judgment to gentiles."
Disappointed Suitors
Arab-American “lawyer Josph Zogby is resigning as a State Department special assistant on the Middle East, following criticism from Jewish groups that called him “an anti-Israeli extremist.” Tribesman Jamie Rubin, the State Department spokesman, praised Zogby while shoving him out the door. Zogbys father lamented that the White House didnt, shall we say, follow through on its promises to him that State would hire more Arab-Americans. Zogby would never have received apatently worthless Clinton promise if he had not “given generously."
Grow up, Zogby. Keep your moneuLook around. Who owns the State Department now?
Vote Here and Vote There
Not everybody can do this, but "dual citizenship” Jews can do this. And the Mexican government recentlyjumped on the same bandwagon. So Jews can vote in the United States and in Israel, and now Mexicans can vote in the United States and Mexico. Once upon a time, citizenship was supposed to mean undivided loyalty.
Something like 15,000 Jews were ferried by air to Israel to vote in the May elections. It does seem odd that the lunatic Carville, the “Ragin' Cajun,” would be spending months working for the election of Ehud Barak, out disgruntled Netanyahu supporters complain that “our” Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright, has been meddling inordinately, and a horde of Jewish clintonista fat-cats are subsidizing free trips to Tel Aviv so that their brand of Jews living in America can vote. Please note that I deliberately avoided saying “Ameri-
can Jews."They are not behaving like Americans.
Jewish Groupthink
Ml ona Charen can say it — she’s Jewish. She quotes I “pundit and historian Richard Brookhiser's” wisecrack that Reform Judaism is “the Democratic Party with holidays.” There’s a shock.
She then offers tidbits from the American Jewish Committees fairly continuous polling. The AJC found that only 15% of Jews I find “religious observance” important.
“This," Ms Charen grants, “tends to stun non-Jews who assume that Jews believe in Judaism.” Ms Charen's “good news” was that Reform Judaism is becoming more like Conserva-^ tive and Orthodox Judaism — more Jewish. However, 98% of Jews found the Holocaust* to be vital to their Jewish identity. Also, “62% think anti-Semitism is more of a threat than intermarriage [with non-Jews],
TheNewYorkTimes Puffs a F avorite J ewish Agitator
Churchgoers’ “Discount Creates Rift at Ballpark,” screams the big-city paper. The only “rift” is being created by the arrogant Jew posing in front of the Hagerstown, Md. ballpark. Among other discounts, the ballpark offers one to people who show up with that day’s church bulletin, indicating that they may have been to church that Sunday. Carl Silverman doesn’t even live in Maryland. He goes there to make a stink because “Church Bulletin Day is my battle.”
We have mentioned Carl Silverman before. He is a Jew who describes himself as one who “rejects all religion as being a brand of mental illness.”
His war on Church Bulletin Day is aided by the misnamed American Civil Liberties Union and a puff-piece in the New York Times by a likely fellow tribesman, Michael Janofsky.
The ACLU will simply load the •njn with legal bills until they surrender
th* AcfS? *S W^at Jews >Qd
“No Business Like Shoah® Business”
Lisa Lipkin and Rabbi Moshe Waldoks sing to Jewish audi ences, “There's no business like Shoah® business, like no business I know. Everything about it is
“holocaust® survivor. The article then tells us that there were only “75,000 Jewish survivors of the Nazi camps.” (Were they all in my high school?)
Shoah® Business: Part II
This publication is dated 1996, which means that I haven’t been keenly searching out Anti-Defamation League publications. But this one is a 48-page slick-paper catalogue of propaganda targeted on students of any age. School systems have lots of money and little sense, so they are “soft targets."
The ADL Anti-Bias/Diversity Catalogue provides “tools for teachers, reading material for students,” without overlooking “school board members, school administrators, teachers, parents, and others.” (Others?)
ADL propaganda teaches that a Good Christian is one who sacrifices everything to save a Jew. That is the theme of so many publications and videos.
Try The Longest Hatred,: The History of Anti-Semitism (three 45-minute video lessons, $89.95 for tenth grade to college level). It’s about
2000 years of anti-Semitism ."“From
The article then tells us that there were only “75,000 Jewish survivors of the Nazi camps.” (Were they all in my high school?)
appealing, everything the traffic will allow/
“Everybody join in!’ ’ Miss Lipkin calls to the New York audience.
Everyone identified in the article on this cultural performance is called a “Holocaust® survi-
vnr * nr rhilfl nf %
30
Vol. V, No. 3
The RESISTER
the Cross to the Swastika” gulps down the 1950 years from Jesus to Hitler. (Wah.)
There is a huge soft-cover for only $10, describing how “the disease of anti-Semitism infected some of the greatest figures of Western civilization.” It’s a public health problem, you see. It couldn’t possibly be a considered opinion.
America and the Holocaust: Deceit and Indifference, a Public Broadcasting video being sold by the ADL for $69.95, shows how “U.S. policy and native anti-Semitism became contributing factors to the death of six million Jews.”
The old Jewish Commie actor, Ed Asner, narrates another $69.95 video about the purpose of the Holocaust® Museum in Washington — to “educate future generations.” American schools pay to Parademarschschritt their pupils through that Museum.
Shoah® Business: Part III
In May, a breathless report in the Washington Post notea a possible new target of Jewish plunder — Argentina! It is simply assumed that any gold transferred to Argentina in the wake of World War II must have been taken from Jews by Nazis.
“Three letters from the 1950s” bolster “rumors and claims” constituting “the first breakthrough” for Jews combing the globe for loot. After all, there was “Argentina’s tolerance of Nazi Germany — it did not sever ties with Berlin until the war was almost over.” Argentina had no need to involve itself in World War II, but Jews try to lay a guilt-trip on Argentines sixty years later, so that they will not resist being plundered.
“Sergio Widder of the Buenos Aires branch of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, said it is crucial to investigate the [gold] transfers.” He has laid on the Argentine government “a list of 90 Argentine companies, some of which still exist, that he believes may have been underwritten with money from fugitive Nazis.” “Verification will be difficult,” sighs “a central bank source who asked not to be identified.” The source-who-asked-not-to-be-identified realizes that if the Wiesenthal Center “believes” a thing “may” have happened,
arm-twisting by Uncle Schlemiel (formerly known as Uncle Sam) may be all it takes.
Shoah® Business: Part IV
Jewish “groups reject” $40 million from an Austrian bank. It’s not enough!
Shoah® Business: Part V
gant Jewish-American Communist brats who roam the world, inflicting “revolution” on strangers. After doing her thing through Central America, Ms Berenson moved on to Peru to join the fun with the Tupac Amaru Reds, but “struck out.” She was bagged as a terrorist and imprisoned.
Some two hundred Members of Congress, at last report, had been sandbagged or arm-twisted into signing a demand for her release.
Art historian Hector Feliciano is being sued because his book names a Jewish receiver of “stolen art” during World War II. Jews can only be innocent victims.
Other reports have the father of Madeleine Albright I accused of making off with valuable paintings from the apartment he rented in Prague immediately after the war. The owner, a German, had fled because the Commies were burning alive Ger-I mans. Two of the missing paintings are reportedly safe and sound in Madeleine’s brother’s apartment in Virginia.
Jews Abroad
Great international hubbub! “The last Jew in Afghanistan” is missing! Gnashing of teeth and rending of garments!
Rabbi Yitzhak Levi, “well-known in Kabul for his potions and palm-reading,” is still alive. He had been warned to stop preying upon ignorant Afghan women, and was turned in to Afghan authorities by fellow tribesman Aaron Simantov, after Levi accused Simantov of “trying to steal a precious Torah.”
In Switerland, a Mossad officer could be prosecuted for having more chutzpah than skill. His wiretapping was sufficiently poor to draw unwanted attention from the authorities. The Swiss are still smarting from last year’s big-time extortion — but can Swiss prevail in their own country any more?
Or can Peruvians, for that matter? Lori Berenson is one of these arro-
Future Building Blocks
aving visited Roman sites in North Africa, I am well aware that the monuments of fallen empires can provide building-blocks for others.
May the massive, in-your-face Holocaust® Memorial planned for a huge rime location in erlin suffer the fate of the Roman Volubilis. May the 2700 ugly slabs planned to deface an area of “two football fields” in sight of the main symbols of the German nation be used to build something else, once Germans develop enough sense to regain their freedom.
This is a monument to you’d-bet-ter-believe “six million Jews,” perpetrated, designed, and pushed through by Jewish power, so that “there can be no more denial, no more indifference, and a continuity of learning (sic!) for young [Germans].”
The Ten Commandments
Like the flag-burning flap, in a sane society, this one would be equally simply silly.
We are well aware of the Jewish-inspired judicial dictatorship determined to extirpate any sign of Christianity in any public place. This has resulted, in Alabama, in Prayer Police at school events and charges brought against a judge who posted the Commandments in his courtroom.
In the wake of Littleton, Congress has considered a law permitting the posting of the Ten Commandments in schools. This would have no bad effects, and might possibly have a
Jewish “groups reject” $40 million from an Austrian bank. It’s not enough!
beneficial influence on thoughtful people. But for liberals, this is a shrieking matter.
Shut up!
Holocaust9 Denial
The New York Times of June 26 engaged in great rabbinical stroking of beards over whether a “Holocaust skeptic” can be called an historian, just because what he says is true. "Respected for his research, scorned for his perspective,” was a mild sub-head, considering that David Irvings biography of Josef Goebbels was strangled in its pubishers crib by Jewish censorship pressure.
Irving is suing a Jewish professor for libel — in a British court, where he feels he has a marginally better shot at justice than in the United States. (He was libeled in both countries.)
The Times smugly points out that Irving i researches made him a criminal in Germany; he was convicted of the "crime" of "Holocaust* denial,” for pointing out facts and questioning the official line.
THE GLOBAL KIBBUTZ
A Geographic Note
The outline map of Kosovo regularly flashed on our television screens is always without any indication of scale. Kosovo would fit inside just about any American state short of Rhode Island.
More recent is the sudden and suspicious appearance of a large slice off the northern side of Serbia. 1 know this to be the Voivodina, an attractive area terminatingyur/ across the river from the Serbian capital of Belgrade. It has a substantial Hungarian population, and it has been suggested (although not publicly) that Hungary might be receive the region as a reward for facilitating a NATO invasion of Serbia from the north. That approach to Serbia is far superior to the strangled supply-lines from any
other direction.
American meddling in the Balkans began just after World War I, when President Wilson brought his entourage to Europe to participate in the dismemberment of the Austro-Hungarian empire. Borders were redrawn at the whim of distant victors, and Yugoslavia was “invented” at that time.
Hitlers New Order rearranged borders his way. After the war, the post-WW I borders were restored. And now the New World Order is at it again. Oddly enough, the New World Order has more or less restored some of Hitler’s borders — Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, and Bosnia.
Kosovo will be a new one, then perhaps the Voivodina and Montenegro, leaving a shriveled rump of a Serbia. In the course of all this, fun-and-games can continue as our spon- ■■ ■■ ■	■
sored Kosovo Lib-
On the other end of the scale, word is seeping upstream to Secretary of Defense Cohen that military pilots have “had it” and are leaving behind the political correctness, the mickey-mouse, the boredom, and the “vision* of working for Slick Willie and the New World Order.
In fact, I’d imagine that men who think themselves brave are a tad ashamed of bombing the hell out of people who can’t fignt back.
U.N. Land Grab in America
I
n the classic barn-door-locking maneuver used so deftly with regard to America’s nuclear secrets, we find that the House of Representatives actually passed a bill to say that pieces of America ■ - cannot be handed off to the United Nations
eration Army moves Oddly enough, the without the Congress
to liberate parts of New World Order has ■gg”pg.t0
Macedonia and	t _____._____j
Montenegro, and the more or less restored
Greeks chew their some of Hitler S Dor-
nails about being ders — Slovakia,
clamped between re- o* . n . j
surp-ent Moslems in hlovenia, Oroatia, and
surgent Moslems in Europe and ever more feisty Turks.
Oh, yes, if you want to terrorize populations in the Balkans, just suggest letting the Turks back in! Turkisn rule was absolutely no joy! But we are doing that.
As Kissinger might observe, “Effiyting depends who iss runnink the New Order.”
Tin Medals and Burnout
Normally, I leave military matters to SFC Barry, but six medals apiece for getting captured? A purple heart because tne barroom brawlers wore Serb uniforms? And they give medals for being a prisoner of war? Hanging tough while hanging by your thumbs for a couple of years in the Hanoi Hilton, well okay, but not just for being captured!
More than fifteen minutes of fame and a ting-along with Jesse Jackson, followed by an unscheduled trip home? It really makes losing your humvees worthwhile!
Bosnia.
HThis is the third time such a bill has been proposed. The Senate always kills it.
“There are already 83 U.N. land designations in existence in the United States,” Alaska Representative Don Young reminded the House last May. “They include 47 Biosphere Reserves — or wilderness areas surrounded by a buffer zone or zones; 20 World Heritage Sites, which are natural or cultural properties determined to have' outstanding universal value’ and to be in supposed need of protection, and 16 Ramsar Sites, which are wetlands.”
“A staffer for the Resources Committee said World Heritage and Ramsar Sites are negotiated by treaty.”
Never heard of any of this, did you?
For example, our national parks are easily enlarged with “buffer zones." Rep. Young noted that one "Adul Wiehiencharoen of Thailand has been advocating the creation of a 12 million acre buffer zone around the 2 million acre Yellowstone National Park.”
Who’s in favor of this? Try Rep. George Miller of California, ranking Democrat on the Resources Committee. Mere discussion of this matter,
Miller snarls, “Plays into conspiracy theories that this is land-use planning by the U.N.. Nothing coula be further from the truth! This legislation is absolutely loony. It’s based on unsubstantiated conspiracies” by people who worry about black helicopters and like that.
The fact is, world government apparatcbiki talk about and write about global land-use control all the time. It’s part of global everything-control. Miller knows it, but he also knows its his job to lie about it. Its his job to ram through the laws they want and ferociously block measures they oppose.
W hat can we do about it? Well, on another occasion I was impressed when a Dutch U.N. bureaucrat examining “his” Yellowstone and its “buffer zone” noted that the local “militia” were eyeing him. He left well before his scheduled departure. Mister Whatsisname of Thailand could be similarly encouraged to return to his point of origin or go to the bottom of the food chain under the land of ours which he covets — his choice. Hands off, or we use direct and universally understood means.
The problem is, our Liberal Establishment intends to wire around the entire Constitution in order to clamp the shackles on us.The United Nations is one of their chosen instruments. Mr. Whatsisname is merely a jumped-up Third World employee who has been filled with delusions of grandeur.
An End to History?
Today’s students think “history” is what happened while they were in grade school. So its easy to end history—just don’t teach it.
Ah, but there are evil people who might insist upon teaching history. There are others who might study history on their own. Well, stop them!
I have heard two seemingly quite serious suggestions lately, with regard to our Kosovo mess.
The first, from a professor of political science, is that the teaching of history should be banned “for two hundred years.”
The second, published in a major newspaper, was that NATO bomb to
rubble all the historic sites in Kosovo which are important to Serbs. Then they wouldn’t think Kosovo was part of their turf any more.
See? It’s simple.
To be honest, when viewing the Ulster mess many years ago, I had rather wished those folks — nice folks on both sides — would just “hang it up" and get on with a pleasant life.
Now, however, considering the sources of the “ban history” recommendations, I realize that what is re-| ally desired in a I deracinated, rootless, anomic population of blobs whose minds are blank, a tabula rasa upon which anything can be inscribed by professional propagandists.
You can be certain that one small tribe will not forget its own history, however. That tribe would like the rest of us to forget ours, so that we maybe even more easily manipulated than at present.
Viva Pinochet!
General Augusto Pinochet, the 83-year-old soldier-hero who saved Chile 25 years ago from an international army of Reds imported a traitorous president, is imprisoned in Britain because the the Communists never forgive a defeat. The “non-Communist” socialists currently governing Britain want to hand him to their fellow Reds in Spain, and leftist governments elsewhere would like a piece of him as well Vanity Fair writer Judy Bachrach reports that Pinochet’s lawyer has repeatedly suggested to him that “a public apology, or at least an appeal for the world s sympathy, might work to his benefit.”
Readers of this journal, at least, know that “world opinion” is nothing more than leftist mass-media opinion. The left would delight in seeing that crusty old hero beg for their mercy before doing him in.
Pinochet’s response was brisk and to the point. “The dignity of Chile and its army is more important than my life.”
Can we even imagine one of SFC
Barry’s “starred cowards” saying anything like that?
Revised Party Line
As a footnote to history, the Bachrach article also revealed that the liberal-socialist-communist “party line” on the death of Chile’s traitorous president Salvador Allende seems too frayed to be worn in public any more. Allende’s widow first said he committed suicide, but once in the hands of the Mexican Communist Party, she switched over to the “party line.”
In 1974,1 reported what is now acknowledged as the truth. When the game was up, Allende committed suicide by placing the muzzle of Fidel’s machine-pistol under his chin and pulling the trigger. He got off two shots; two holes remained in the ceiling molding in La Moneda. He bled Chivas Regal, but never mind, it got the job done.
Still, the left’s lies seem immortal. A Reuters story about Chilean elections reported in June that “mysterious circumstances shrouded Allende’s death.”
Looks like Tim McVeigh knew more about Waco than Janet Reno. “The Slasher”
Hands off, or we use direct and universally understood means.
The RESISTER
Gary Bauer, are conservatives
being dissed?
Bernard Shaw, CNN Anchor, Inside Politics, 12 July 99
Well, Negro “ebonies” has now made it to prime time news. Bernard ohaw, aside from his obvious Communist bent, can usually be relied upon to anchor his program in a manner that is commensurate with his education. You see, Mr. Shaw speaks excellent English. Nevertheless, the veneer on his genes rubbed off, and he spliced his question with “dissed,” a word that only exists in the gutter that birthed it. A sad commentary not only on himself, but on the propaganda ministry as well. In fact, when I typed the word into my word processor it underlined the word in red telling me the word does not exist and asks me if 1 would like to add it to my dictionary. (No, 1 would not!)
Flashback: It was December 1996 when Oakland city schools applied for a grant to teach young Negroes in "ebonies” as an alternative language that brought this discussion to national attention. Lest we forget, the U.S. Department of Education almost approved its use in Oakland. The rationale used by Negro teachers in Oakland was that "ebonies” (nigger-English, folks) was genetic, therefore young Negroes would learn better with its usage. I'm not joking. My question would be: Who decided linguistic ability is heritable, but intelligence is not? I suppose that intelligence and criminal Behavior are areas where mere mention of such correlation with genetics would have been considered ^racist.”
Equal access to online services is
the civil rights issue of the 21st
century,
Steve Case, AOL Chairman, Leadership Conference on Civil Rights
lunch at the National Press Club. 11 May 1999
II am sitting here considering the I absurdity of that comment. At I first I thought it was a joke, but it’s not. Look at your phone bill. Search one of the various pages that computed your total bill. Do you see anything like this: “National Access Contribution Charge”? Here in lovely Fayetteville, our local telephone carrier (Sprint), just like your local carrier, has been charging you a “contribution” to wire “poor” areas and “underachieving” schools to the Internet. When 1 called Sprint and told them I no longer wishea to “contribute,” they informed that it was an “involuntary contribution.” (!) “Oh,” I said, “you mean a tax”? (Only the Legislative branch has the authority to levy a Federal Tax.) They attempted to worm their way! out of it, repeating that I was helping the rest of America enjoy the Internet. I don’t want the rest of America to “enjoy the Internet,” least of all at my expense!
Anyway, regarding Steve Case, his plan, as outlined to this “leadership conference,” was to have the government do more to help “minorities” not only have access to the Internet, but to own computers as well. (Why can't people be intellectually honest and say “Negro and Mestizo? ; Case cited a 1998 Commerce Department study that said whites are more than twice as likely to own a computer as blacks and Hispanics. Just as the “civil rights” issues of the 1960=8 were used as an excuse to take White money to pay for the socialist welfare “Great Society,” no doubt Steve Case and his "civil rights” issues will tax us to pay for computers
for Negroes and Mestizos in the next century.
If the phone companies ever become intellectually honest, your next phone bill might read: National Negro and Mestizo Computer Tax.
We're going to spend it, and then
some.,, From the get-go, the
strategy has always been we're
going to spend what's left.
Tom DeLay, Republican, TX. House Majority Whip. New York Times, 06 August 1999. Page Al.
T) er
Ks
If the phone companies ever become intellectually honest, your next phone bill might read: National Negro and Mestizo Computer Tax.
emember back in Volume V, Number 1 when I quoted Mr. eLay as beaming over the 1.5 trillion dollar spending bill he enacted with the Bolsheviks? It seems as though Menshevik DeLay has been slipped some truth serum.
Do any of you ever get tired of hearing Mensheviks bleat about how
they are fiscally re-sponsible; how, if only we would vote for them, we would have a large reduction of government at the federal level? Well, after their vacuous promise to scale back government after the 1994 Congressional elec-■ tions,	the
Mensheviks did nothing they promised. In fact, government spending has increased exponentially to the point that all of those “social” programs have ballooned.
So large have those programs grown that Republicans, having tasted the fruit of power, have no desire to let it eo. Determined to commit sui-
teo.
.the]
cide, they are courting "minority" votes by acquiescing on pivotal issues such as affirmative action and welfare, and have conducted “outreach" programs to bringour domestic barbarians under the Republican “big tent.” (Don’t believe me? See the next quote.)
Gay Voters Finding G. O.P. Newly Receptive to Support.
Headline, New York Times 11 AUG 99
Now “conservatives” openly court the queer vote. It is bad enough that the Mensheviks work hand-in-glove with the Bolsheviks extort our wealth for redistribution to irrelevancies, now they wish to race the Bolsheviks to see who can destroy what little culture we have remaining. Would you like to know who is saying what about homosexuals?
Senator McCain, who has appointed Representative Jim Kolbe of Arizona, the only openly homosexual Republican in the House, to his national steering committee, has similarly said he would hire on “merit” alone. (Sure! Ignore moral relativism.) McCain has supported “hate-crimes” legislation that would extend “protected class” privilege to any self-elected “sexual orientation.” McCain, who obviously never recovered from his Vietnamese Communist brainwashing during his “heroic” POW stint, said that someday he could envision a “gay President!”
Elizabeth Dole has said she would appoint to her Administration anyone who was qualified, emphasizing in an NBC interview last month that “all people are welcome” and adding: “I’m inclusive.” Of the contribution her husband spurned in 1996, Mrs. Dole said that if she received a check from the same group (Log Cabin Republicans), “I would not turn it away.”
“The tone has totally changed,” squeaked RichTafel, executive director of the Log Cabin Republicans. “What I hear is gay Republicans enthusiastic about the tone being set by the leading candidates. It looks like Republicans for the first time are saying, ‘This is a community I’m not going to alienate and maybe I want to reach out to it.’ That’s kind of a shocking revelation.” Of course! The Mensheviks would rather alienate normal people.
One particular stereotype that we renounce today is that homosexuals are inherently immoral. That myth is repudiated by decades of social science data that convincingly establish that being homosexual does not, in itself derogate from one's ability to participate in and contribute responsibly and positively to society.
Justice Alan B. Handler, New Jersey Supreme Court, quoted in New York Times, 02 August 1999
In a decision that is sure to be argued before the Supreme Court, justice” Handler, in his last opinion for the New Jersey Supreme Court, argued on the basis of Social science data” that ho-mosexuals are not inherently immoral. It seems that “social science data,” which has been used in court pro-
Oh, by the way, the anti-Christian, Boy Scout hating, sod-
life of our country. The human price of this bigotiy has been enormous. At a most fundamental level, adherence to the principle of equality demands that our legal system protect the victim of invidious discrimination.” Translation: The Boy Scouts need queer scoutmasters.
Just as Elizabeth Dole is gushing about how “inclusive” she is, New Jersey Governess Christine Todd Whitman applauded the ruling during a public appearance in Bergen County. She said she did not believe in discrimination “in any form” and said a person’s sexual orientation was a private matter. “If the troop leader is a good leader, there’s no reason to worry” about his sexual orientation, Governor Whitman said. It’s called a “woman’s way of‘knowing’.”
Oh, by the way, the anti-Christian, Boy Scout hating, sodomite friendly Handler and
... Poritz “just happen to
be” Jews.
[Editor’s comment: I was shocked to learn
ceedings since Brown omite friendly Han- fromSFC Mosbythat Et Al. v. Board Of	m	/	.	the Christian founded
Education Of Topeka dler and Poritz just Et Al.. 347 U.S. 483 happen to be” Jews.
(1954), has delivered ..._________....
us to the logical cesspool of democracy where society is god, and the mystical interpretations of its will by a priesthood of sociologists who divine truth by the shrillness of minority screaming now dictates our “laws.” Faggots can sound pretty loud when their noise is amplified by anti-Christian Jew lawyers and judges.
In a unanimous (7-to-0) decision, the court first rejected the Boy Scouts’ arguments that it is a private organization and that its decision to remove the scout, James Dale, was protected by the First Amendment. The court contended that homosexuality is not immoral, and compared it discrimination against women and blacks.
(See what I mean?)
After saying Mr. Dale’s dismissal was “based on Tittle more than prejudice,” the ChiefJustice, Deborah T.
Poritz, wrote: “The sad truth is that excluded groups and individuals have been prevented from full participation in the social, economic and political
Boy Scouts were under attack byjews and their female-butt-puppet governess. “Butt-puppet” is a Special Forces joke meaning; toady, or sycophant. A “butt-puppet is one of those hand puppets you slip over your forearm and move its mouth with your hand. In New Jersey’s case, every time a Jew’s hand moves and voice is heard, governess Whitman’s lips flap up and down. Maybe we should start calling it “Jew Jersey, the Gulag State.” (© 1999, by Steven M. Barry and The Resister).
SMB]
Speaking of stupid women...
A womanfor President, doesn't that soundgreat?
Elizabeth Dole, CNN’s Inside Politics, 12 July 99
N
o! It does not! Remember, Elizabeth Dole is “inclusive.” She wants homosexuals to mince around in her administration, as if we didn’t have enough already.
is if we didn’t have enough already. You know, 1 honestly think I would rather have a Negro male than a White woman in the White House. Fm voting for Alan Keyes. Surprised? At least I could reason with the man.
Want to know why women should never have political power? Just read this one.
I can't take this anymore; bow can I go onf How can If Hillaxy Clinton, commenting on Bob Woodward’s new book, Shadow, telling "all” on the Clinton’s.
See that? The first sign of feces hitting the oscillator and they fall apart. Mean Bob Woodward; picking on a girl! May I make a suggestion Hillary? Don't bother going on. If you cut your wrists, cut lengthwise, not across; and don’t forget your ankles, you’ll bleed out quicker. Don’t forget the tub of hot water so the blood doesn’t coagulate. The bathtub is easier to clean than the floor. Really, women can botch the simplest things.
Nevertheless, some things Hillary says makes sense
We can no longer shut our eyes to the impact the media is having on all our children, and the potentially violent impact it is having on some of them,
Hillary Clinton the day after the shootings at Columbine High School, 21 April 1999
That is about as truthful a quote as one can get from a politician regarding the "media.” Um, Hillary.... Your Jewish friends control the media. You know, the ones your shack job turned the federal government over to.
Then Hillary followed up with...
We need to stand up and say what needs to be said about guns and firearms.
Now how does one go from the media to guns in one sentence? (Even ignoring the fact Hillary is so dense she thinks guns and firearms are different things.) But
The RESISTER
okay, Hillary, I will stand up and say what needs to be said about guns: They protect our liberty from people like you. Any questions?
Three business days, an inconvenience to somepeople. It is not infringing on constitutional rights. It is not taking away anyone's right to own a gun. Ido not think that is difficultfor us to do. If we do not do it, shame on us, because I have to tell my colleagues, the American people will remember.
Carolyn McCarthy, Congress-woman from New York
Yes, waiting three days is an infringement on my unalienable right. Let me askyou: What part of “shall not infringe” do you not understand? I wonder what Mrs. McCarthy would do if someone legislated a three-day waiting period, complete with license, registration, and an armed regulator agency for enforcement, to exercise iree speech.” [The net effect of Jew-inspired “hate speech” “laws.”] As for her quote, “It is not taking away anyone’s right to own a gun;” no, not at first; but that is her intention.
For those of you who recall her last name, her husband and son were killed by Negro supremacist Colin Ferguson, during the Long Island Railroad massacre on 11 November 1993. If you ask me, I say Ferguson killed the wrong McCartny. Nobody suggested disarming Negroes.
It gets worse...
I know it'i an amendment. I know it's in the Constitution. But you know wbatf Enough is enough.
Rosie O’Donnell, Daytime TV talk show hostess.
In other words, because some ere tins have violated the law, let’s dis arm every law abiding American. Typical emotional reflex from a woman. Oh, yeah; we need more women in government. By the way, ODonnell just happens to be” a dyke.
Just thought you would like to know who is saying what. Maybe Elizabeth Dole will “include” her in her administration. BATF directress, perhaps?
Still harboring thoughts of “conservatives” on your side? Perhaps this will jolt you into reality.
If all the triumphs that have
marked this as America's century
— breathtaking advances in
science and technology, the
democratization of wealth and
dispersal of politicalpower in
ways hardly imaginable in 1899
—none is more inspiring, if
incomplete, than our pursuit of
racial justice. The milestones
include Theodore Roosevelt's
inviting Booker T. Washington
to dine at the White House,
Harry Truman's desegregating
the armed forces, Dwight
Eisenhower's using Federal
troops to integrate Little Rock's
Central High School and
Lyndon Johnson's electrijyingtbe
nation by standing before
Congress in 1965 and declaring,
"We shall overcome
Gerald Ford, 38* President of the United States, in an Sunday 08 August 99, The New York Times Op-Ed.
SIGH! Where do I begin? The first point that leaped out of the page was the "...democratization of wealth and dispersal of political power in ways hardly imaginable in 1899....” What your dear “conservative” former president is saying, without mincing words is, “We (the two wings of the Social Democratic Party) have taken your wealth and redistributed it to the incompetent, undeserving, and slothful who refuse to be productive (because they cannot). Teddy Roosevelt decided that America would no longer be isolationist and in fact would be /A* player on the world stage addressing, of all things,“Peace Conferences." He personally negotiated the "peace" between the Russians (refused loans) and the Japanese (financed to the hilt
and the Japanese (financed to the hilt by Jew bankers).
[Editor’s note: The “peace” included intensive revolutionaiy “reeducation” of Russian prisoners in Japanese prison camps by Jewish anarchists and Communists from—yes — Jew York City. SMB]
Ford then points to Trumans desegregation of the Armed Forces. Thank you Mr. Ford. Now I have Equal Opportunity zampolit listening to my every word and watching my every move. God forbid I discipline a Negro. Why, I might be charged with “discrimination.” Put aside the fact that average Negro operates at one standard deviation below average Caucasian intelligence. The fact that he is incompetent and has been promoted to be a “role model” is of no concern to the chain of command. And if an incompetent Negro happens to be the weak link on an ODA, and puts the mission and thus the team at risk, we are not able to address the problem because his complaint to the zampolit will bring random HEAT rounds on the rest of the team for its “racism,” thereby reducing its military effectiveness by reason of bad morale.
But hey, we have “racial justice” now.
Then there is Eisenhower’s use of Federal troops to force Caucasians to integrate with Negroes. Yes, just as in the War of Northern Aggression, the federal government vicuated the Constitution and invaded a sovereign republic - Arkansas. With malicious disregard for State sovereignty and the Tenth Amendment, Eisenhower (Bernard Baruch’s errand boy), at bayonet point, forced an end to the sanity of racial separation to promote Jewish Communist inspired “equality* between the inherently unequal. The result of that fiasco? Schools that once were the admiration of the world have become integrated cesspools that exist for the egalitarian brainwashing of White children. Worse, far worse, is that superior European culture has been subordinated to inferior Negro culture as our youth, after being inculcated with “multicultural” insanity, begin adopting Negro ways thus earning the apt epithet, whiggers. You see, White
youths, ignorant of their own culture, are now dressing and acting like niggers (yes, I said niggers) ana their parents do nothing to stop it. But we can all thank Eisenhower, according to Gerald Ford.
Lastly, we find the Menshevik Ford extolling the Bolshevik Johnson for his wonderfully progressive stand on racial equality and his blatantly socialist “Great Society.” We have Johnson to thank for the 1963 Civil Rights Act and the 1965 Voter Rights Act, which was the logical enforcement of the Twenty Sixth Amendment (disallowing Poll Taxes and literacy tests as a precondition for voting). Now Negroes, as true advocates of democracy, threaten Whites with “long, hot summers” if their whims are not satisfied. Translation, they will riot.
And Ford’s drivel continues...
In the last speech of his life, Lyndon Johnson reminded us of how much unfinished work remained. “To be black in a white society is not to stand on level and equal ground,” he said. “While the races may stand side by side, whites stand on history’s mountain and blacks stand in history’s hollow. Until we overcome unequal history, we cannot overcome unequal opportunity.”
Let’s compare and contrast exactly what it is that Whites have accomplished that enables them to stand on “history’s mountain” and what blacks have accomplished to earn their place in “history’s hollow.”
Whites have accomplished: organized agriculture; domestication of animals; metallurgy, written language; a calendar; the wheel; organization of society, the printing press; (and leaping ahead) transportation and communication infrastructures; equating property with rights; circumnavigation of the globe; representative government (alTright, maybe that was a mistake); electronics; flight; space exploration. In short, everything in demand by everyone else on this planet.
And what are the Negro contributions to civilization? Um, cheap labor?
So, it seems that Whites have cre-
ated their way to the top of “history’s mountain,” and Negroes, without the intervention and assistance ofWhites, would, as demonstrated by their efforts at self government in Africa and Haiti, still occupy “history’s hollow.” You’d think Negroes would be more polite to us. But, sadly, no. You can take the Negro out of the Stone Age....
If the Negro race had never existed, would the advancement of Western Civilization have be retarded in any way? I’ll go so far as to say that Whites owe Negroes exactly nothing. Except a one-way ticket to Africa when they misbehave.
Speaking of “tolerance.”
California Town Seeks To
Become 'Hate Free Zone. *
Headline, San Jose Mercury News
A group of “activists” launched a signature drive aimed at us ing the March 2000 ballot to declare Santa Cruz, California an official “hate free zone” - the first in the nation. Normally, when I read something like that, I first wonder what are people thinking when they come up with this sort of idiocy. I mean, really folks, d oes anyone believe that you can outlaw “hate?” This sort of thing is all geared against Whites of course. Coloreds know it’s all a huge con, and only Whites are stupid enough to fall for it; over and over. Just listen to a resident of Santa Cruz and see for yourself. “Heck yeah, I’m for it," said guitarist Frankie Sarro. He continued, “I don’t enjoy hate; I enjoy love.” See what I mean?
The intended outcome? Just listen to the organizer of the initiative, David Minton Silva, “What I hope is that when people from out of town come here, that they just chill." California.
"When Nomination Turns to Wtangling to Impasse ” (news articlet July 28) attributes the
And what are the Negro contributions to civilization? Um, cheap labor?
stalemate over Richard C, Holbrooke^ confirmation by the Senate to be the chief American diplomat to the United Nations to mthe unpopularity of the United Nations both in Congress and among the American public. * While the Senate may indeed have Vow esteemfor the United Nations," the American public does not
A Zogby International poll last Decemberfound that about 70 percent of registered voters had a favorable opinion of the United Nations. In fact, in a recent CNN/Gallup/ USA Today poll, 47 percent said that they trusted the United Nations to udo what is right always or most of the time, ” while only 24percent trusted the Government to do the same.
DAVID E. BIRENBAUM, Washington, July 28, 1999 (The writer is chairman of the Emergency Coalition for United States Financial Support of the United Nations.)
Do I need to explain why large segments of the population need to be disfranchised immediately, or why “the people” are truly the “enemy domestic?”
There are days when I have little hope for the future. Read this.
TV is my lift.
Laurie, age 8.
Every Independence Day, military duties permitting, we head up to New Jersey to visit my in-laws and spend the holiday on their boat watching the fireworks show in Manhattan Harbor. This year, my in-laws invited their new neighbors to join us. The neighbor's children brought their favorite videos to watch in case they got bored. (I know what you are thinking, don't ask) When I asked the children the meaning of the Fourth of July, I was told, “To shoot off firecrackers.”
“No," I politely retorted, “we are celebrating a birthday. How old is America,” I asked? (Blank looks on their faces, folks.) When I asked what year did we sign the Declaration of Independence, the answers advanced well into the 20th Century.
I asked another historically significant question. “What year did men land and walk on the Moon?” (This being the 30th anniversary of the Apollo XI Moon landing, I thought the question rather appropriate.) No one knew. Honest, folks, I can’t make this stuff up. I asked them who was the first man on the Moon. No one knew.
Their mother reflected I was being “mean” and “embarrassing” her children. When I replied that they should take the movies out of the VCR and study, and that my children do not watch TV at all, Laurie, their youngest daughter, became quite agitated and struck me saying, “Tv is my life!”
That is the next generation speaking. God help us all.
Resister Distributors
The Resister keeps a limited number of back issues on hand, and we charge over double the cover price for them because our press overrun is only ten percent. Once they are gone, that is it. They will never be reprinted as single issues.
These distributors may have back issues at their original cover price that are no longer available through The Resister.
Arizona Response Systems 5501 N. 7th Ave., Ste. 1005 Phoenix, AZ 85013-1755
Bohica Concepts PO Box 546 Randle, WA 98377
Wildman's
2879 South Main Street Kennesaw, GA 30144
Michael Paul; McClinton General Delivery Girard Post Office Girard, Pennsylvania [16417]
C-FAR	I
PO Box 332
Rexdale
Ontario, M9W 5L3 Canada
R. Crabtree 2929 Hoyt, #515 Everett, WA 98201
Larry Bills
4806 NW Radial Hwy., #2 Omaha, NE 68104
Bob Moore 3890 Old Vinyard Rd., Apt. llB Winston Salem, NC 27104
Michael Galatin 407 Avenue H.
South Houston, TX 77587
38
Vol. V, No. 3
The RESISTER
LEBENSRAUM
by	I
Ingrid Rind and, Ed.D
History or Dogma?
The United States government has recognized and subsidized the State of Israel for more than 50 years. According to an article in idle Washington Report on Middle East Affairs, October 1996. p. 44, America has spent more than $5 billion in one year alone in direct and indirect aid.That is roughly 13.5 million a day - 365 days a year!
Why? Because the ^Holocaust” is claimed to have been a factual historical occurrence, commonly called “genocide” targeting Jews, thus entitling Israel to special consideration and protection among nations.
For half a century, since the founding of Israel, hundreds of billions of US dollars in money and technology, in overt and covert aid of various forms, have been transferred to Israel from U.S. government and private sources. According to an article by Donald Neff (Washington Report on Middle East Affairs, Jan-Feb. 1997,
?■. 74), “...the (US) aid program to srael has amounted to the largest voluntary transfer of wealth and technology in history, far more than all American aid given to rehabilitate Western Europe under the Marshall Plan after World War II.”
Why? Because of massive, systematic, repetitive media hype ofWorld War II atrocity propaganda, familiar to the Western world, which claims the following:
“The Jews living in Europe prior to WW II were innocent and loyal citizens of the nations in which they lived;
“Without cause, Hitler and the Germans hated them and made them scapegoats for Germany's problems;
“Hitler and the National Socialists designed a systematic and insti-
tutionalized program to exterminate all the Jews in me world, beginning with German-occupied Europe;
“Homicidal gas chambers were built and used by the Germans specifically for this purpose;
“Six million Jews and five million non-Jews were exterminated, mainly by gassing, and their bodies were [conveniently] com- ____________
world engaged in the study and revision of history. Revisionists’ research asserts: To accept without doubt, to accuse without trustworthy evidence, to intimidate without proof, to lie without punishment, to censor with impunity was unthinkable in the Western democracies in ages past.
In the case of the “Holocaust”, the numbers of victims are wildly inflated, the method of killing is forensically disproved, the “murder weapon” is missing, and the tales of the “witnesses are scientifically and historically unverifiable.
Nevertheless, in spite of revisionist research by competent scientists and scholars of the West who have risked all that is possible in life for the sake of ascertaining historical truth, self-serving fictionalizing about the “Holocaust” proceeds untouched by facts in the popular press and electronic media, in the
pletely consumed in ———m0vie industry, in
Urge crematoiy fa- The prospectus of the
cilities and outdoor ,r	u	i	in me public schools
cremation pits and United States riolo- as early as kindergar-
ovens, to dispose of Caust Memorial Mu- ten!
the “evidence of ___________ . .	•. • «	Why?	Because	by
genocide”	scum	SMBS	it	IS	an	nowth' -Holocaust*
True or false, the educational institution is treated not onlyjust
Holocaust story has dedicated tO teacllinc history but as a had, and continues to ,. ^	„	r>r»t	Jewish doctrine, a
historical facts of 1 he Holocaust.” This is a lie. Only indoctrina-
to marshal popular tion takes place there, age persecution and support for establish- at taxpayers’ expense! often prosecution, ing the state of Israel, ^____________________ Does America need a
have, big historical, political and financial ramifications. After the war, it was used
temporal religion. To uestion the
3
new
ogma makes one a heretic, subject to sav-
and to turn the German people in the minds of many Americans into a nation of genocidal maniacs — see sweeping accusations by Theodore Kaufman, Steven Spielberg, Daniel Goldhagen, Elie Wiesel etc. — and to this day the “Holocaust” story is used to lend moral and political legitimacy to Israel, permitting the U.S. Congress to vote huge taxpayer-funded subsidies (outright grants as well as interest and loan guarantees) to the State of Israel. This in addition to private subsidies, Israel bonds, and donations to all kinds of organizations with tax deductible status!
Enter a small but determined movement of scholars all over the
new, temporal religion described as a Holocaust “Cult of the Dead”? What will such a dogma do to the cherished First Amendment and the American tradition freedom from state-imposed religion?
The prospectus of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum states it is “an educational institution dedicated to teaching historical facts ofThe Holocaust.”This is a lie. Only indoctrination takes place there, at taxpayers' expense! No educating can ever be done where there is no comparison or choice or dissent, and where no alternate point of view is allowed or made available.
Who is powerful enough to dictate in these closing years of the
Twentieth Century what shall be heard or not heard, spoken or not spoken, written or not written? Certainly not the average citizens of the United States with little access to the media, who merely, like sheep, are forced to ask for a bleating of equal time.
The "Holocaust* must be examined, and questions must be asked. The imposition of a quasi historical religious dogma by stealth via guilt for something alleged to have happened that fears the light of scrutiny is not acceptable to conscientious and decent Americans — including Jews. Not at the tail end of the Twentieth Century!
It is not necessary to hate a person who has committed a crime. It is only necessary to restrain him legally from committing additional crimes and to bring him to the bars of justice for past crimes. It is not necessary to hate all Jews to stop the abuses of a hand-
ful of self-serving Zionists, here and abroad, who have a stake in the continuation and exploitation of a myth for their purposes.
Thanks to Revisionist research spanning half a century, millions of people all over the world are now asking: What, exactly, was the “Holocaust”? What is so unique about the alleged “facts” of that part of history that massive censorship and persecution must be unleashed to stop thinking people from asking probing questions?
The options before us are simple: *If the Holocaust is history, it must be open to investigation.
*lf the Holocaust is a religious dogma, it has no place in public schools and does not deserve to be promoted and upheld as part of the curriculum by taxpayers’ money.
So, what is it - history, or the dogma of a state religion?
getting ready to fight his arch-foes the powerful Canadian Holocaust Lobby. All the experiences gained in the 1985 trial now bore rich fruit. He and his team, the witnesses, attorneys, translators etc., were working round the clock. Everything ran like a well-oiled machine.
The “Toronto Star”, genuflecting to the Jewish delegates, who had visited the Star to ask for quasi-censor-ship, had promised that it would print its Ziindel court-reports always on the same place and page inside the newspaper, and that it would take the personal approval of one of the highest bosses of Toronto’s largest daily to print an account of the Ziindel trial elsewhere in thepaper, much less on the front page. The outcome of this decision was that the 66 articles printed in the Toronto Star about the 1988 Ziindel Trial appeared on the same page and at the same place every day — easy for all the readers to find! It was as if the Ziindel Team had its own column in the Star each day. Once again Jewish censors had shot themselves in the foot.
The Jewish Defense League and its thugs were on duty again on the first court day of 1988, just as they had been during the 1985 Ziindel Trial. Ziindel’s bodyguards were numerically stronger tnis time and soon had the situation under control.They steadily fought their way through to the entrance of the courthouse.
The Toronto Police was also better prepared than they had been in 1985. After only a few minutes the ringleaders of the Jewish thugs were lying face-down in riie slush on the sidewalk, while Toronto policemen knelt on them and held them down, clicking the steel handcuffs securely in place. The media couldn’t have asked for anything better! Their cameras clicked and whirred, and the none-too-pretty picture of the Jewish terrorists lying handcuffed on the ground soon appeared on TV screens and newspaper front pages throughout the coun-
pT L
In the courtroom itself, Judge Tho-
The Leuchter Documentary
I came to the Revisionist struggle quite late, and I have always been jealous of the lucky participants who lived high drama in the Ziindel-Haus in the two historical 1985 and 1988 Great Holocaust Trials — the absolute highlight and outcome of which was the Leuchter Report.
How I would have loved to have been there; to chronicle and to report how history was made by a valiant and dedicated few! 1 always felt that the Leuchter segment itself deserved fair and impartial professional movie or documentary treatment. It was truly live drama at its best.
Well, guess what happened finally? A controversial Jewish film maker, Errol Morris, has put together a telling documentary. It already premiered atKobert Redford’s Sundance Festival in America and will be featured in a Toronto film festival this September. Afterwards, it will play continent-wide, both in Canada and the United States. Although we all ex-
pect that it will have the conventional Holocaust Promotion spin-doctoring, we know that his important documentary will be another link that will become a bridge between the dry science and cold statis-tics that are the backbone of Revisionism, and popular understanding that there is obviously
more to the “Holo- Ziindel<s bodyguards...
The Jewish Defense League and its thugs were on duty again...
caust story Hollywood has been willing to tell — until now.
Spin back to January 18,1988, the anniversary of the founding of Bismarck's empire. That was the day when the Canadian Second Great Holocaust Trial began against the German-Canadian, Ernst Ziindel. As he had done in 1985, the world’s most dogged, controversial Revisionist, was
steadily fought their way through to the entrance of the courthouse.
mas quickly hid behind the principle of “judicial notice,” which is unique in Canadian court tradition out which occurs routinely in Revisionist trials in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
“Judicial notice” is a legal term and indicates that certain matters are not open to challenge and doubt. Such as, for example, that the sun rises in the east and sets in the west, or that night follows day. This was to be the “principle” pertaining to the “Holocaust.” By judicial decree, it was declared to have happened. Period.The only question left for the jury to consider was: Was Holocaust Denier Ziindel “villainous” in questioning the Holocaust, or was there a screw loose in his head?
To apply such a legal principle in such a serious historical court case in Canada, where so many issues were disputed, violated the Anglo-Saxon tradition of freedom of speech and civil rights. Defense attorney Doug Christie had to fight with the Judge over every word and every sentence. Christie was able to tone down the Judges “judicial notice of the Holocaust;” unfortunately he could not prevent it entirely.
It meant tnat Ziindel was not to be allowed to defend himself with all the facts at his disposal. The Judge forbade it. The only question that remained was whether he was “...too dumb to understand the self-evident,” or whether he acted “...with malicious intent against the Jews” when he dared to raise his questions about the “Holocaust!” After all, the “self-evident” nature of the Holocaust could be shown and “proven” with hundreds of books, written by witnesses and historians and freely available in any library!
Christie told Ziindel that, given Judge Thomas’s “judicial notice,” he could not possibly win the case for his client. He advised Ziindel to restrict his defense to a minimum, not to waste his time and energy, and to save the money required for the enormous costs entailed in the defense. Christie kept beseeching Ziindel: “Before this Judge, in this courtroom, in this court, the battle is hopeless! I can’t win it for you!”
Ziindel requested time to think it over. A few days later he called his team together, outlined the situation
and told them: “We’re going to go on! This time I am not fighting for myself. I’m fighting for the honor of my country and my people. I want to I have our extremely important witness testimony recorded in the Canadian court transcripts and the history books for all time.”
The outcome was now a foregone conclusion — or so it was believed.
The media pressure and the threats of violence against!
Ziindel diminished markedly after the Judge has taken “judicial notice” of the Holocaust. The uniformed policemen, who to date had accompanied Ziindel’s every step, even in the courthouse and on his way to the washroom, disappeared.
Ziindel and Christie took hours-long walks through the snowy parks near the Ziindel-Haus and discussed in detail all the possibilities that were still open to them. On the discus-^ sion agenda were the specialists, wit-1 nesses and court experts who had come from all parts of the world to help.
Ziindel sounded out their attitudes, and in the end he himself set the course for the trial: in spite of his attorney’s and some of his foremost advisors’ recommendations, he would see the trial through as planned-in-depth and as tough as it had been envisioned. Salami tactic all the way!
He declared that it would be attorney Christie’s task to block, to bypass, to ignore the Judge’s “judicial notice,” to hollow it out and to cut it down to size, bit by bit, with a kind of “policy of small steps,” until in the ena the Ziindel Team would be able to demolish or at least invalidate a large part of the government’s evidence. The witnesses for the defense would attempt to have all their documents submitted and discussed in court — regardless of the outcome. In this way the Ziindel Team dug down into the subject matter in a kind of judicial trench warfare.
The Ziindel-Haus became the
command bunker. Phone calls, faxes, letters and press releases were daily and sometimes hourly fired out into the world. A second house was rented to accommodate the guests and the additional bodyguards, witnesses, lawyers, secretaries etc. Everywhere, important documents were analyzed, sorted, classified, and reproduced on five photocopiers, to be produced and submitted in court at the right time.
The energywas high; production was spectacular. Soon everything was running smoothly.
In the course of the trial, cooks prepared almost 6,000 meals, which were eaten jointly in two large canteen-like dining rooms. Carpenters reconstructed ^Auschwitz beds” exactly as per the design of the bunk beds of Auschwitz. And witnesses, advisers and typists slept right there in the building, crowded like sardines, in bunks stacked up to four high.
Inside the courtroom, day in, day out, Ziindel’s team of lawyers ana advisors now revised and rewrote Germany’s recent history—“judicial notice” or no “judicial notice.” The Crown attorney and the Judge could hardly believe their eyes and ears, clearly frustrated by the happenings. Slice by slice and day by day, the old Holocaust version was dissected, scrutinized, debunked!
In the midst of the legal proceedings, electrifying news hits the Ziindel-Haus much like a lightning bolt! The Warden of one of the largest American prisons, Bill Armontrout, who was to serve as Ziindel-witness and to testify about the complicated technical requirement of gassings, suggested his expert, Fred Leuchter from Boston, as witness for the defense in questions pertaining to gas chambers!
Fred L euchter, he said, was the man who was currently the only expert and consultant in the entire United States on matters of execution equipment, including electric chairs
“Judicial notice” is a legal term and indicates that certain matters are not open to challenge and doubt. Such as, for example, that the sun rises in the east and sets in the west, or that night follows day. This was to be the “principle” pertaining to the “Holocaust.”
Vol. V, No. 3
41
and gas chambers. Armontrout even had me address and telephone num-ber of this potential expert witness on hand. What a sensation! The legal team had not even known that such an expert existed.
Ziindel reacted with lightning speed, even though he was already in tne midst of the actual trial proceedings. Without hesitation he sent his foremost adviser, Professor Robert Faurisson, to Boston to question Leuchter.
Fred Leuchter was a highly respected professional in the United States "execution industry." He was regarded as the number one expert in the designing and operating of execution equipment. As he later admitted, even though he should have known better, he had never given any thought to the technical impossibility of what was claimed so noisily and repeatedly as having been the "genocidal gassings” of millions of Jews by the Germans. Prior to getting involved and entangled in the Revisionist movement — largely against his will, since he was thoroughly apolitical and therefore certainly without any inkling of the serious consequences to his reputation and career — Leuchter s expertise and integrity had never been questioned. Little did he know what was awaiting him.
Dr. Faurisson, Europe s most noted Revisionist and Ziindel advisor, flew to Boston to engage Fred Leuchter as an expert witness for the defense in this historical struggle. He soon found out that Leuchter believed in the Holocaust and that he did not doubt the gas chambers, insofar as he had heard about them. However, everything else about Leuchter indicated that here was a man who knew what he was doing, that he understood his job - and that he was honest and professionally ethical.
Leuchter was asked to come to Toronto to meet with Doug Christie and speak with the other experts; to analyze and to familiarize himself with the documents and testimony of both sides, especially Dr. Raoul Hilbcrgfs trial transcripts of the 1985 trial and the statements in his books. The models of Auschwitz and Birkenau that the Ziindel team had constructed to scale from German blueprints, discovered by Dr. Faurisson, were shown and explained
to him. Ziindel asked Leuchter for a cost estimate for his expert report and testimony. The price was steep; but the testimony was extremely important. Now what to do?
Ziindel made a bold decision. Leuchter would not merely testify. He would go after evidence first-hand! But from where was the extra money to come for Leuchter’s trip to Auschwitz, the on-site inspection, the taking of samples and their subsequent analysis in a US laboratory?
Ziindel examined bank statements and current income from donations. He compared the constantly accruing expenses and considered tapping his strategic financial reserve. He sounded out his supporters to see whether any extra donations might be obtained. It was tough going; the funds were just not there.
Meanwhile, Leuchter flew back to Boston. Time was of the essence, since the trial was already approaching half-time. Ziindel spent entire nights on the telephone and explained the situation to donors both large and small. In the end, some larger contributions from several elderly German women and men became the deciding factor in this historically so exceedingly important decision.
Together with a small, quickly-assembled group of translators, draughtsmen, video- and cameramen, Leuchter would fly to Auschwitz and Majdanek in what was then still Communist Poland. He would examine and measure the facilities and draw up precise technical building and construction plans. Working meticulously to prevent contamination, he would
take material samples, wrap them uD carefully, and smuggle them back to the United States, where a well, known laboratory would examine and analyze them for their Zyklon B content. This dramatic expedition wag to be carried out clandestinely while the trial still continued in Toronto.
At the Ziindel-House it felt like at the General Staffs Headquarters during wartime! People were buiy planning, testing, measuring, weigh* ing, packing. Work plans were drawn up. Visas, passports and plane tickets were arranged in a great hurry. The word was: silences
The Ziindel/Leuchter “Holocaust" expedition left North America and Europe at different times and via different airports. Friendly Poles awaited to be of assistance at the other end. Everything went off without a hitch. The rest is Revisionist history!
Leuchter s investigation was first rate pioneering work. It has since been replicated and expanded on three times — in the Liiftl Report, the Rudolf Report, and the Cracow Report — with virtually the same results. Today millions of people around the world know that the forensic evidence of Leuchter s report and Professor Roths sample analysis have acquitted Germany of the genocide of the Jews by means of “gas chambers."
Later this year, the Leuchter Saga will be shown in American theaters under the title: "Mr. Death: The Rise and Fall of Fred Leuchter." (Watch for the truth beneath the Holocaust Enforcers’ spin.)
Talk Show With Ira
The big project over the last few weeks has been a stepped-up "Lebensraum!" media campaign. The Government of Canada is mum on what grounds mypolitically incorrect trilogy was confiscated in the first place, but a legal challenge has been submitted, and the case will be fought with all the vigor due our cause in court.
At the beginning of the year, I had placed an ad in a trade media maga-
zine to run in six consecutive issues. It was headlined "Beyond Saving Private Ryan: Do a Show on the Heroism or 'Little People’ Caught up in WWII." This ad pulled only a moderate response at first. I did a few radio interviews, but nothing much came of it except some practice for me on how to keep my cool and speak intelligently yet passionately on censorship issues to live and sometimes very hostile audiences.
42
Vol. V, No. 3
The agency that handled this ad campaign called me and asked me how it aid I told them that I was not happy with the looks of the ad — or the results. They suggested a change in the title at no extra charge to me. So we called it: “Has America Become Too Politically Correct? It’s Worse Than You Think!”
What a difference this change of title made!
Before we modified the ad, I logged one to two calls every week. After the change, the calls came rolling in. Now I have done numerous radio shows. I would say that these shows are “fifty-fifty” in terms of acceptance of what I say. The Midwest shows are friendly ana courteous.The closer you come to both coasts, the more hostility you feel from both host and audience.
The most dramatic radio talk show so far was out of the Hollywood-Los Angeles area. I had received a friendly call from a fellow called Fred who said there had been a cancellation on an important syndicated show, would I be available for a one-hour talk show with a host called Ira? Most shows are done via long distance out of my home, but this producer wanted me in the studio because it was one of the best stations in America. When I told a friend and fellow activist about this show, he was a bit apprehensive, because the program was at 10 p.m. at night, ana it would mean a trip of some two hours, both ways, through heavy LA traffic. Besides, there is always a security factor. One only needs to remember what happened to Dr. Faurisson in France to wonder what crazies might do if they hear me on a specific radio station for an entire hour and knew out of which door I would exit.
So I called two of my fellow activists, Jonnie and Tom, who live in the area and know it well, and who agreed to accompany me. Jonnie came fortified with an umbrella! Others made sure that the homefront was protected. As a precaution, I took a motel room for the night and parked my car elsewhere. The three of us arrived in a different car.
The studio, it turned out, was an important CBS affiliate in Los Angeles. It is located in an elegant high-rise building, with heavy security and all the trappings of very big money.
What shocked me in the waiting room was a larger-than-life promotional display of Howard Stern, the Jewish porn king of American talk radio. “Never has a man done so much with so little,” said the inscription.
So there we sat, four feet from Howard Stern, and waited for a man named Ira. Soon I was positioned in front of the micro-1 phone. Then Ira came in; a rotund, yawning, jovial man in his mid-fifties — with the looks of a stereotypical prosperous, selt-assured Jew.
He told me that he had not read my pro-motional material and had no idea where the talk would take us, but that he trusted me, since I was experienced in doing radio shows,| and we would just happily wing it.| This we did, for about 45 minutes, during which I talked about my dramatic life and past experiences, while he listened attentively and with a friendly and benevolent smile on his face. We went swimmingly past several cliffs. I told of my unusual background of Russian Germans welcoming the Wehrmacht in 1941 - as liberators, not tormentors. He smiled at that and said he knew, he had read history. I told him that I was well into my thirties until it dawned on me that not everybody in the world respected Hitler, the way I had been raised in my isolated South American German colony. He thought that was funny. It became a bit iffy once we started talking about the literal meaning of “Lebensraum.” He wanted me to say it meant the “rapacious behavior” of the Wehrmacht. I corrected him and said that it meant “Living Space” — and that small danger spot passed, too.
But then I mentioned Ernst Ziindel, the fabled Canadian-German activist who has locked horns with the Holocaust Lobby for about twenty years. A change came over the man. I don’t think I have ever in my life seen such a sudden change from friendly social chitchat to ice-cold hate!
He said: “I know him. Are you a Holocaust Denier?”
I thought he was going to punch me out; he looked that angry and upset. I got a few sentences in, explaining what Revisionists believe and don’t believe. I knew that I had very little time to say what I had come to say, and I leaned into the microphone and said that Revisionist challenged three tenets of the traditional Holocaust Lobby: The six million number, the claim that there had ever been a Fiihrer order for genocide, and the tale of the gassings. I am very proud of myself that I said in a very clear, controlled voice, “The gassings... did... not... happen!”
Ira shouted (and I write this from memory here): “I will not listen to this. I don’t have to listen to this! This is offensive! This is revolting! I cannot believe that a nice lady like you would go for something like that!” He said more — quite a bit more, and then he slammed buttons and the show went on a commercial break.
I must confess I was so taken aback by this sudden verbal attack I was not that quick on my feet. I now feel I ought to have said more and should have taken hold of the direction of the show, but I was clearly scared. While I was trying to compose myself,Tom, one of my companions who was with me in the studio, lit into Ira verbally and gave him a piece of his mind. I tried to motion to him to calm him down, because I could see how aggravated Ira was already, but there was no way to stop the two going at each other with verbal claws exposed. I knew then that the show was over. I made a small suggestion and asked Ira if we could maybe keep this civil and talk about my books rather than the Holocaust, but there was just no way. He terminated the interview in a huff, did not allow a single caller to come on the air so I could answer questions, and the three Revisionist Musketeers got up and left the studio.
Barely were we out of the door when one of the studio people came running after us, highly excited and
What shocked me in the waiting room was a larger-than-life promotional display of Howard Stern, the Jewish porn king of American talk radio. "Never has a man done so much with so little,” said the inscription.
The RESISTER
absolutely furious that he didn’t get to hear the rest of the story! He said, “This is entirely off the record,* and then told us how unfair and biased the show had been, as others in the past had been, how he agreed with our point of view, how he had had it with the liberal media, etc. We stood in the hall for maybe 10 or 15 minutes. The fellow was so excited he practically shouted. I actually felt he was endangering his job!
Now 1 am one experience richer. It just goes to show, yet one more time, how controlled the media are, even in America - supposedly “the land of the free.* However, on balance, 1 think 1 did okay. This was a live show, lasting almost an hour, broadcast coast to coast in dozens of cities, and Ira destroyed himself right on the air. Here I was, wanting to do a show on censorship — and America got treated to a prime example of exactly how censorship works!
Back Issues
& Subscription
The following back issues ofThe Resister are available. Prices are determined by availability of remaining stocks and are subject to change as stocks are depleted.They will never be reprinted as single issues. We mil not honor third party offers. (Check with our distributors listed on page 38 of this issue before you ord er a listed back issue at The Resister’s inflated price.)
All back issues listed are $25.00.
Vol.II,No.3 Vol.II,No.4 Vol.III, No.3 Vol.III,No.4 Vol.IV, No.2 Vol.IV, No.3 Vol.IV, No.4 &
Vol.V,No.2
Conservative Review
(Most Issues Available)
$7.00 ea.
SUBSCRIBE
Sample:	$10.00
Subscription: $35.00
Please indicate with which issue (current or next) you	*
begin your subscription.
The Resister PO Box 35046
Fayetteville, NC 28303
Vul. v. **
COMMENTARIES
FROM READERS
Y2K: Crisis or Con Job?
by
Frank Pinelander
By now, I’m sure you have heard about Y2K, even those of you living under rocks. Shorthand for Year two Thousand, one can’t escape the influx of information promulgated about it.
In short, its alleged that most comnuters will fail to one degree or
T
th
legree
another come certain dates. This supposedly due to programming shortcuts that were necessary in the old days where computer memory was lacking. Not many people have seen programming. It’s the instructions that computers use to perform the various tasks that society has come to expect from them. Personally, I think it’s easier to learn Swahili than programming.
Anyone who has used one of these infernal machines can understand how potentially serious a Y2K failure could be. You are going merrily along; typing, researching or communicating with your infernal machine and all of a sudden it decides to not cooperate. Anything from error messages that offer no solution, something that requires the nefarious Ctrl Alt Del sequence, or the now infamous “Bill Gates Blue Screen”. When it’s all said and done your data is gone, and along with it most of your sanity.
Now, imagine this occurring at a power plant or a city’s traffic control center. That would definitely be a bad thing. Many of us have had to deal with the inconvenience of computer failure in our day to day affairs at one point in time or another. The bank that screwed up your statement, the gas pump that won’t read your debit card, or anyone else’s for that matter. Lines form, tempers grow short and everything stops because no one carries cash, but that wouldn’t matter even if they did, because the registers won’t
is
open. The prospect of a massive failure at a single point in time is not a pleasant one.
Now, how realistic is a Y2K failure? That depends on whom you speak with. Old time —^————— programmers are loving it, they’re making large sums of money doing reprogram-
see the end of the world around the corner whilst viewing things through holes in the aluminum foil covering their windows, the “pavtriot” community. With Y2K it’s different, it’s all over mainstream media - or as our editor calls it, Talmudvision. There is the constant barrage of information; Alan Greenspan printing up additional Worthless Securities in anticipation of a bank run, numerous large cities in America spending MILLIONS of dollars on reinforced Y2K command centers, military installations quietly reinforcing their perimeters. 1 could go on,but I m sure most of you are familiar with it all.
Paranoia? Answer me this: what entity benefits from societal conflict? There is but one. Government. This country started as dis-
parate groups, barely
The image of one able t0 get ^^6- A
XT	i	|j*	war	with Britain
Negress, holding a re- made it
w 4 I	 Ha	nation.	A
ming. They are not cently looted TV, Stat- variety of rebellions the only ones. Every-	that	aweez	made it stronger.The
one seems to be ,	§	,	,	<	War for Southern In-
pushing one product Oee“ZlinVS Q1S, Ull null, dependence gave gov-
or another that is das rite” will Stay with ernment it^start
Y2K compliant . me forever# J listen to 1 hat s tine that s A1C1	11#
what free enterprise is A1 kharpton telling
all about. Then there Negroes that its time
are those that are say-	*1.	_•
ing Y2K will be but ^ seize their birth-
a bump on the right, (uood! Africa
timeline of humanity.	is	over	fherel)
Of course, they too seem to have a vested
interest in their position; bankers, brokers, insurance agents, etc.
One programmer I spoke with laughed. He was reprogramming the FAA’s computers, which were all stuck on the year 1957. Planes still flew. But then there was the engineer who works at the local nuclear power plant. He said everyone that he knows was buying a generator.
So, whom do we believe? Unfortunately, I can’t tell you because I don’t have an answer. I do have the advantage of looking at things from a different perspective, based on experiences ana associations with oth-
ers.
Normally, information addressing societal chaos - gloom and doom -comes from various business that make a profit selling to those who
towards the oppressive. The First World War brought on the nascent forms of global government, reinforced by the Second World War. Then there’s the Cold War, the ultimate achievement of government authority. Hiding behind the veil of “National Security”, our freedoms have been erased. It’s just a matter of enforcement now. Large-scale organizations were built around the Cold War, and along with them plans.
Personally, I don’t think that computers are the problem. However, I do believe that events will be created to induce chaos, with computer failure taking the blame. It won’t take much. I grew up in Cleveland and remember the consequences of one citywide electrical brownout - the Colored hordes reverted to type.
The image of one Negress, holding a recently looted TV, stating that “weez dee-zuhvs dis, uh huh, das rite” will stay with me forever. I listen to A1 Sharpton telling Negroes that it’s time to “seize tneir birthright.”
The RESISTER
(Good! Africa is over tbere\) I’ve driven around and watched the graffiti change from “Start the Revolution" to starting the Revolution." I find out that the Mexican Mafia (La Familia) is arming heavily, and I’ve grown extremely concerned. I’m concerned about the intelligence that was gathered by the 51st Infantry, combined with lessons taught at The Magic Kingdom (remember Admit Nouting, Deny Everything, Make Counter Accusations?) creating the type of environment that will result in the death of this Nation. Strategically, what better time to move against a large populace?
People who don’t normally celebrate New Year’s Eve will more than likely be out at parties. Those that normally celebrate are planning on something far more extravagant for this year, with many going overseas. It will be deep winter in most of the country. Indeed, what more could a planner ask for?
This is but one possibility. Remember PACE. - Primary, Alternate, Contingency, Emergency. “They” live by it, and so should you.
Horowitz Fell For It
by
Samuel Nicholas
Recently, self-avowed Liberal turncoat David Horowitz came under verbal attack by his former tovarishi in the Left wing.The method of attack used was the age-old agitprop technique of “The Accusation Is the Crime." As the target of an accusation from the Left, me victim is labeled with a common, Liberal swear word, such as “racist," “sexist," “homophobe," etc., ad infinitum nauseam. The victim is thus placed in a dilemma; either to address the accusation, and spend more time defending himself against the smear than getting his point across, or ignore the accusation altogether, and subject himself to further such “accusations" until his supporters abandon him for fear of not being “liked" by his accusers.
Mr. Horowitz, by defending himself, fell for it — hook, line, and sinker.
Admittedly, there is no effective way to defend oneself against a Liberal smear if one accepts the Left’s lexicon and the premises underlying their corruption of the English language. One must simply dance to the tune played by the Left’s media musicians, until they become bored with
die game and permit the victim to fade
into obscurity after an humiliating ordeal of accusation, self-criticism, and explanation. After his ‘purification,’ the victim will have been effectively isolated as an_________________
‘extremist’and be forever after publicly marginalized. (For a contemporary example of this modus
presumably, as a Jew, Mr. Horowitz is also immune to the Liberal’s trump card: “anti-Semite.” Time, of course, will tell. Israeli Jews have gotten away with murder (literally, and for doing the same sorts of things to the Palestinian Muslims that the Serbian Christians dared to attempt against the Kosovar Muslims), all in the name of their own racial bigotry based on their lie that, as God’s chosen people, they are entitled to commit murder ana forcibly evict people from their sovereign territory.
Therefore, Mr. Horowitz’s answer to the accusation of racial bigotry should not have been, “No, I’m not!" It should have been, “Of course I am! You mean you’re not?”
Instead, Mr. Horowitz equivocated, “feeling" the “need” to explain himself to his tormentors. He protested to his accuser, Jack White, and his accomplice, Walter Isaacson (yet another media vhozd who “just happens to be...”), that the article was a hateful, racial lie" [!] and that the magazine that printed it committed an outrage" against Mr. Horowtz and his family. Perhaps someone should point out to Mr. Horowitz that the sauce that is good for the goose, is also good for the gander.
At least nobody burned his house to
6«n> WWII .nn-Nazi
Because nearly every modern, Liberal cliche for living his life in a
is derived	ultimately	politically incorrect
---------I---manner.
________________________________________________ Mr.	Horowitz	in-
radio disc-jockey propaganda, presum- sisted that he was
P,oulCth?	G?ease	ably, as a	Jew, Mr.	elnen ****** al!e!
Man Trachant s	ca-	TT '	•	• i •	Kampfer, what with
Horowitz is also lm-1——~ mune to the Liberal’s trump card: “anti-Semite.’’ Time, of course, will tell.
reer.) The only manner by which a credible defense against a Liberal smear can be organized is to reject categorically their —mmmmmmm———_ philosophical premises and to stop using their lexicon.
The one thing that the Left does not expect is a counterattack.
For instance, Mr. Horowitz is a Jew. By definition, he is a member of the most race-conscious, culturally-sensitive tribe on the face of the Earth. Because nearly every modern, Liberal cliche is derived ultimately from WWII anti-Nazi propaganda,
having supported Martin Luther King, Jr., during the so-called “Civil Rights Movement” and all. He demanded that his record of aiding and abetting Leftists in the past somehow qualifies him to speak objectively about matters concerning race. What he did not intend, or realize, is that he kicked his own argument in the groin by confessing to having supported a known Communist.
But, you weren’t supposed to notice that.
And why should the average,
46
Vol. V, No. 3
drooling, Boobus Americanus be ex- I pected to notice? Charleton Heston got away with the same thing in his speech to the ignoramuses at Harvard with exactly the same alibi.
In his own defense, Mr. Horowitz resented his “inclusive” “credentials” y recalling proudly his contribution to assisting the ideological corruption of the GOP. At a “conservative* [sic] convention that he organized in Arizona, Mr. Horowitz told Republicans that they were not “doing enough” for African-Americans (he must’ve meant ‘Negroes’) and the “disadvantaged” (disadvantaged by whom he never defined explicitly). As if to say that state-supported welfare parasitism, subsidized bastardy, racially-based hiring quotas, and taxpayer-funded “needle-exchange” programs are not “doing enough” Tor ^African-Americans ”
Mr. Horowitz even went so far as to grovel about being a member of the Exploratory Committee to Draft Colin Powell for President. Never mind that Colin Powell is a self-proclaimed racist and anti-Liberty advocate.
You weren’t supposed to notice that, either.
You were just supposed to “feel good” about his “tolerance” and “pro-gressivism” by virtue of his support-ing a Negro for the American Presidency within a political system that neither General Powell, nor any of his ancestors, could have created.
And what exactly was Mr. Horowitz’s crime? Stating the obvious. Namely, that Negroes, when left unsupervised by Whites, revert to type and engage in primitive manifestations of violent, territorial behavior. In aggravation to his crime, Mr. Horowitz attempted audaciousfy (perhaps inadvertently?) to dispel tiie Liberal myth that inanimate objects (firearms) are “somehow” responsible for violent crimes.
Mentioning either fact is itself heresy against contemporary, Liberal dogma. Mentioning both in the same argument is apostasy. Liberals have long known how best to deal with heretics.
The lesson that should be drawn from this tragic comedy is that no one, no matter how well empirical observation and analysis support his position, and no matter how
well-connected within the Liberal intelligentsia, will be allowed to hold a dissenting opinion — particularly when such an opinion contradicts the Communist utopia that proponents of the New World Order are working to enact and enforce against our will.
In other words, you will not be permitted to use your mind to draw an incorrect conclusion — the facts be damned.
Mr. Horowitz’s outrage is laughable, and his calls for support from
Bill Pryor, the Attorney General of Alabama, warned two years ago that “the lawsuits filed by state attorneys general against the tobacco industry threaten America’s entire business community.”
Today, with the tobacco settlement as a precedent and big city mayors filing lawsuits against the gun industry, Pryor is reiterating his warning. “This dangerous marriage of tort lawyers and governments must be severed soon, he says, “before it further weakens what remains of limited government, the rule of law, and respect for individual responsibility in this nation.”
Few of us, says Pryor, fully understood the threat to business when the first tobacco lawsuits were filed. Few observers saw that trial lawyers, richly rewarded for providing financial support for tobacco suits, would have even more incentives as they began their assault on the gun industry, and then on the alcohol and fast-food industries.
Pryor argues that this “litigation madness” is undermining “the rule of law and its historic respect for freedom of contract,” i.e., the makers of 100 percent legal and non-defective
those he used to despise should fall on deaf ears, as far as I’m concerned. He will get no sympathy, or empathy, from me. Until sucn a time as our leaderless mass of “fiercely independent” patriots in the ever-diminishing silent majority (wherever they might be) stumble upon some adult supervision, I’ll be content with watching Mr. Horowitz hang by the intellectual noose that he helped to create.
products are now being hauled into court and ordered to pay huge sums in a legal environment they never envisioned when they began to manufacture their products.
An associated consequence, says Pryor, is the corrosive impact at the courthouse: “When filing these suits, trial lawyers select judges known to be susceptible to ignoring legal doctrines. The judges pander to their trial lawyer friends, who, in turn, contribute generously to judicial campaigns. The same judges then bask in the media attention that usually accompanies their ‘landmark’ rulings.” Mayors and other politicians join in, extolling the virtues of‘public interest’ litigation. “Framed as a crusade to protect innocent kids,” Pryor ex-lams, “the campaign then attracts a ost of liberal interest groups.*
This shift of “political disputes from legislatures to the judiciary,” Pryor contends, is jeopardizing the basic tenets of American government, such as the separation of powers. Rather than applying existing law to resolve legal aisputes, the courts are simply propagating by judicial fiat what couldn’t fly in the democratic process. “It’s frightening,” says Pryor,
The Legal Threat to Free
Markets
Ralph R. Reiland
The RESISTER
•to read about the mayor of Miami asserting that *this it exactly what courts are there to do, to fix inequities that you cant accomplish in the legislature."
The mayors, unwilling to take responsibility for their own crime problems, are playing a "blame game,” Pryor maintains. As a law enforcement official, 1 know crimes are caused by criminals, not by the gun industry, he says. "Indeed, by providing good-quality firearms at reasonable prices to law-abiding citizens and law officers, the gun industry helps reduce crime. The way to disarm criminals is to enforce laws that prohibit felons from purchasing firearms and to enhance penalties tor crimes committed with guns.”
In earlier decades, a liberal "blame game" focused on the "root causes” of crime, i.e., inequality, racism, discrimination, capitalism, Western culture, the unhappy childhoods of murderers. The result? Crime rates soared. “Those who paid the highest price for these excursions into utopian justice were not the judges or the theorists whose notions the judges reflected,” says Hoover Institution economist Thomas Sowell, "but the victims of rape, murder and terrorization by hoodlums.”
It's the same utopian preoccupation with "fairness” that targets successful companies with anti-trust suits and targets companies whose work forces do not statistically mirror the ethnic composition of their local labor force. Companies can be found guilty of "discrimination,” in other words, even if no one can find a single job applicant or employee who was treated unfairly or had different rules or standards applied to his or her qualifications or work.
Last week, a few days after Mr. Pryor spoke of lawsuit abuses, an Alabama jury awarded $581 million to a family who says they were overcharged $1,224 for two satellite dishes. Barbara Carlisle of rural Alabama, along with her parents in Greensboro, sued Gulf Coast Electronics and Whirlpool Financial National Bank, claiming the companies tried to gouge them for $612 each on the purcnase of two $1,100 satellite dishes sold in 1995 by a door-to-door salesman. Once the lawsuit was filed, the companies waived payment on the
dress the tort reform issue, this is it.” A few years earlier, it was another Alabama jury that awarded $4 million to a doctor who didn't like how the paint had been touched up on his new BMW.
Ingram could have added that it’s all of us, as consumers and workers, who eventually pay the price for these
TI here's a small scene in All Too I Human, the book by George I Stephanopoulos, that tells much about the Clinton years. He and candidate Clinton were riding in a van on the way to campaign stops in Claremont, New Hampshire, writes Stephanopoulos, when the Gennifer Flowers story was splashing across the airwaves. Bill Canton, naturally, denied the accusations and Stephanopoulos, convinced that the Flowers story was false, spent the entire trip to Claremont on his cell phone, assuring the nation’s reporters that Flowers was lying. Her story, he thought, was planted by a right-wing conspiracy.
A few days later, Flowers released her taped pnone conversations with Bill Clinton. "He lied,” Stephanopoulos now writes. "How could he have let me hang out there? Never said a word that whole ride to Claremont while I swore to report-
out-of-control damage awards, and for the demonizing ofindustry for the criminal misuse of their products. Each day, we Day the price with lower investment, less innovation, slower economic growth, higher prices, fewer jobs, and smaller paychecks. With prices, for instance, each American, on average, is now paying $1,200 a year for sky-hign jury awards, nearly $5,000 per family,according to a recent study by the National Federation of Independent Business.
The bottom line? “The free market and the cause of human liberty," says Alabama Attorney General Bill Pryor, “cannot survive much more of this litigation madness.”
ers her story was false —just sat there, pretending to read Lincoln.” Lincoln. It’s quintessential Clinton. Lie toyour| top spinmeister and then watch him lie aU dav to anyone who’ll listen while vou re pretending to read Honest Abe. It’s like that phony White House morning, Easter Sunday, when Lewinsky was slipped into the Oval Office before The Big He, with his Bible and Missus in hand, headed off to stroll past the TV cameras on the church steps to celebrate the Resurrection.
There was, Stephanopoulos found, no loyalty coming back the other way, nothing ever coming back from Bill Clinton. Nothing mattered—not Easter, not the wife upstairs, not Lincoln, not loyal George, not the enablers. Everything was a prop, a stage set, things to tear down at the next stop. All that lasted was the spin, the daily win, the counterfeit compassion, fake devotion, the simulation,
amount that was disputed. Still, the jury awarded Ms. Carlisle and her parents $975,000 for their alleged mental anguish” plus an additional $580 million in punitive damages.
"Alabama businesses cant survive in this kind of environment,” responded Ragan Ingram, spokesman for Lt. Gov. StevenWindom. “That’s a lot of money. If there was a prime indication that Alabama needs to ad-
Private Sneak, Public Spin
by
Ralph R. Reiland



the mouthed “I love you” before the TV cameras at the State of the Union.
Still, said the party hacks and White House lawyers, it was nothing for any of us to worry about. It was all too private, too small, just about sex, just about tying about things that weren’t the public’s business. A private sneak ana liar, they insisted, isn’t necessarily a public sneak and liar.
And then, of course, came March 19 and it was nothing about sex this time. ABC’s Sam Donaldson asked Bill Clinton a simple question: “Can you assure the American people that under your watch no valuable nuclear secrets were lost?” Clinton’s reply: “You asked me a question, which is: Can I tell you that there has been no espionage at the labs since I have been president? I can tell you that no one has reported to me that they suspect such a thing has occurred.” Later in the press conference, a FOX-TV reporter sought a clarification. Bill Clinton’s reply: “To the best of my knowledge, no one has said anything to me about any espionage which occurred by the Chinese against the labs during my presidency.
Today, of course, nearly three months later, Bill Clinton’s own Energy Secretary Bill Richardson is now acknowledging that espionage had in fact taken place “during past administrations” and “during the present administration.” In addition, die Cox Report states that Bill Clinton was briefed in early 1998, i.e., about a year before the March 19 news conference, by National Security Adviser Sandy Berger about the Department of Energy and FBI investigations into ongoing Chinese espionage at U.S. laboratories. On top of that, a last-minute footnote in the Cox Report reports that Berger amended his testimony and “aavised to the Select Committee that the president was briefed in July 1997.”
Injanuary 1999, some two months before the March 19 news conference, Mr. Clinton also received a written executive summary of the classified version of the Cox Report, prepared by his own national security staff. The Cox Report concludes that (a) “in the mid-1990s the People’s Republic of China stole from a U.S. national weapons laboratory classified U.S. thermonuclear weapons information,”
(b) “significant secrets are known to have been stolen as recently as the mid-1990s,” (c) U.S. intelligence agencies had reported in 1996 the Chinese theft of neutron bomb technology from a U.S laboratory, and (d) Lawrence Livermore employee Peter Lee had passed the Chinese classified research infor-mation. And further,
heading back to yet another round of “Everyone does it” from the White House, just like when Lewinsky’s dress surfaced and Mr. Clinton’s hatchet men began digging up sex dirt on Thomas Jefferson. This time, it’ll be Reagan and Bush, even Carter, who will be smeared. Anyone and everyone, in short, will be pulled down,
concluded the Cox Anyone and everyone, again, to keep Bill
Report, the espio- . v	.1t	« n j Clinton from looking
nage is still going on. ^ Snort, Will be pulled so peculiar, so excep-
“The espionage con- down, again, to keep tionally devoid of
tinues we state in our	Bill Clinton from honor-
report, says Rep. .
Christopher Cox, “to looking so peculiar, so
this very day.” exceptionally devoid of On May 11,	i _ _
Democratic fund-	honor.
raiser Johnny Chung
told a House committee how the head of intelligence for the Chinese military, Gen. Ji Shengde, gave him $300,000 to funnel to Bill Clinton’s re-election. Chung also told Congressional investigators that an associate of Gen. Ji’s passed along a threat on his life for talking to U.S. authorities.
Something else we now know is that China had virtually no high performance supercomputers in 1996, the type of equipment that’s necessary to develop nuclear weapons. Toaay, China nas over 600 U.S.-origin high performance supercomputers, thanks primarily to the loosening of export controls. In 1996, big money rolled into the Democratic National Committee from Hughes Electronics and Bernard Schwartz, head of Loral Space and Communications, along with requests for Bill Clinton to ease export controls. At $600,000, Schwartz was the single biggest financial contributor to DNC in 1996. As the money flowed, so did the exports. Over the objections of the State Department, the Clinton administration authorized the transfer of authority for licensing satellites to Ron Brown’s Commerce Department.This transfer, concludes the Cox Report, “permitted the loss of U.S. technology to the People’s Republic of China.” In addition, the Cox Report concludes that both Hughes and Loral knowingly and illegally passed classified information to the Chinese government.
And so, as the facts pile up, we’re
Ralph R. Reiland, Associate Professor of Economics at Robert Morris College in Pittsburgh, is co-author with Sarah J. McCarthy of the new book “Mom & Pop vs. the Dreambusters: The Small Business Revolt Against Big Government,* available at McGraw Hill, phone 1-800-262-4729, ISBN# 0072347740. Reiland’s e-mail address is :rrreiland@aol.com.

A compelling new feature length documentary film, narrated by former FBI Special Agent ‘Whistleblower* Frederic Whitehurst, reveals shocking new revelations brought forward by former FBI Agents, Special Forces operators, and the CIA as one of„this nation s largest cover-ups unravels.
To Order Call: 1-800-277-9802 .
LEGAL TERRORISM
The RESISTER
by
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
With the growth of the more violent incidents of terrorism throughout the world, little attention has been paid to a more insidious form of activity which Dr. Huck defines as “Legal
Terrorism.” Dr. Huck defines legal terrorism as a form of political warfare... designed to ruin a target’s life... via the courts by filing politically motivated civil suits against [patriots]. The primary practitioner of legal terrorism has been the Christie Institute... a ‘liberal’ church-funded tax exempt group.
$7.00 (softcover) $14.00 (hardcover)
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, N C 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery.)
For anybody who- dreams of the day when Communists twist in the wind... this book is a necessary reference.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA, Ret.) Editor, The Rcsistcr
The Christie Institute s brand of lend terrorism will continue until Congress corrects the current flaws In RICO.
Robert K. Doman
ISBN 1-899798-04-1
RED COCAINE
The drugging of America and the West
Moscow’s secret global drugs offensive exposed
JOSEPH D. DOUGLASS
The leading authority on the political use of drugs
EDWARD HARLE LIMITED London & New York PUBLISHERS OF ‘POLITICALLY INCORRECT’ BOOKS. London: TELEPHONE: +44171 233 0185. FAX: +44 171 222 2635. New York: TELEPHONE: 212-447 5111. FAX: 212-679 1094
PAGE1
LENIN LIVES. OKAY?
UNDERSTAND THE GLOBAL REVOLUTION!
ORDER TWO BOOKS WHICH EXPOSE THE CONTINUING SOVIET WORLD OFFENSIVE:
THE PERESTROIKA DECEPTION: The World's Slide towards the 'Second October Revolution' ['Weltoktober']
Second Edition, 1998. ISBN 1-899798-03-X. REGULAR PRICE: $35.00.
By Anatoliy Golitsyn, the famous genuine Soviet defector
and author of the classic 'New Lies for Old' [Dodd, Mead & Co, 1984]
Edited and with a Foreword by Christopher Story, Editor of Soviet Analyst, London, England.
THE PERESTROIKA DECEPTION confirms Golitsyn's reputation as the most accurate analyst of Soviet strategy in history. His predictive record puts all intelligence sources and communities to shame - which may be one reason why his analysis, based upon an understanding of the Leninist dialectical method, has been disregarded by US intelligence - with disastrous consequences. By 1993, no less than 94% of Golitsyn's predictions contained in his classic book 'New Lies for Old' had been fulfilled. Golitsyn's record in The Perestroika Deception [Edward Harle Limited, 1998] has been just as impressive. This book explains what the continuing Russian Leninists are up to, showing that the United States and the West have been deceived into believing the Soviets' lies about 'the collapse of Communism'. Essential reading for all serious students of international affairs, who need to know why the United States and the West are in such big trouble, and why the West is caving in to Soviet Bolshevik strategy.
RED COCAINE: The Drugging of America and the West
1999. ISBN 1-899798-04-8. REGULAR PRICE: $35.00
By Dr Joseph D. Douglass, well-known as the leading US security analyst
and expert on the geopolitical exploitation of drugs for strategic purposes.
Edited and with an Introduction by Dr Ray Cline, former Deputy Director of Intelligence, Central Intelligence Agency and a separate Introduction by Christopher Story, Editor of Soviet Analyst, London, England.
RED COCAINE explains, first of all, that the global drug scourge is a long-term operation of Soviet and Chinese intelligence, designed to weaken and demoralise the West, while providing the resources for the permanent prosecution of the World Communist Revolution.
The second disturbing feature of this book is its revelation that certain well-known Western banks were hand-selected and corrupted by the Soviets in the mid-1960s to handle the laundering of the proceeds from Moscow's global drug operations. This means that the international financial community has a vested interest in the perpetuation of the drug explosion, and explains why the West was eager to fall for the Soviet intelligence deception of 'convergence' -as explained separately by Anatoliy Golitsyn in The Perestroika Deception.
A senior official with an international financial institution recently said that 'we can't fix the drug problem, because if it were to be fixed, the international financial system would collapse'. RED COCAINE shows that the accumulated proceeds of drug operations since the start of the Soviet drug offensive in the mid-1960s is of the order of $40 to $50 trillion - the annual proceeds from this evil trade being conservatively estimated at more than $2.0 trillion, and probably as much as $3.0 trillion.
PAGE 2
Christopher Story's introduction elaborates, for the first time, how the drug offensive provides the foundation for, and is a key component of, what can be called 'the Antonio Gramsci dimension' of the World Revolution - the unceasing work of undermining religion, the family, institutions, and 'loyalties', which involves the replacement of civilised values with 'garbage values' and the promotion of the supremacy of a distorted mental 'counter-hegemony' which the continuing heirs of Lenin consider to be conducive to capitulation to the World Socialist Revolution.
ORDERING INFORMATION
[BOOKS ONLY. You can also order the 2 books plus 2 INVALUABLE newsletters: see 6e/ow].
THE PERESTROIKA DECEPTION
By Anatoliy Golitsyn. ISBN 1-899798-03-X. $35.00
Send order plus full name & address with check or Credit Card details [$35.00]
[Visa or Mastercard, not American Express please] to:
EDWARD HARLE UMITED, SUITE 1209,280 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-0802.
For expedited orders, send fax with Credit Card details to: 212-6791094.
To order by e-mail: Send order plus full name & address with Credit Card details to: bookordersGedwardharle.com
RED COCAINE
By Dr Joseph D. Douglass. ISBN 1-899798-04-8. $35.00 [$35.00]
Send order plus full name & address with check or Credit Card details [Visa or Mastercard, not American Express please] to:
EDWARD HARLE UMITED, SUITE 1209,280 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-0802.
For expedited orders, send fax with Credit Card details to: 212-6791094.
To order by e-mail: Send order plus full name & address with Credit Card details to: bookordersGedwardharle.com
BOTH BOOKS ORDERED TOGETHER
The Perestroika Deception + Red Cocaine G 25% discount = $52.50
Send order plus full name & address with check or Credit Card details [$52.50]
[Visa or Mastercard, not American Express please] to:
EDWARD HARLE UMITED, SUITE 1209,280 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-0802.
For expedited orders, send fax with Credit Card details to: 212-6791094.
To order by e-mail: Send order plus full name & address with Credit Card details to: bookordersGedwardharle.com
BE YOUR OWN GOLITSYN!
LEARN TO PREDICT ACCURATELY LIKE THE RESPECTED GENUINE DEFECTOR!
SUBSCRIBE TO SOVIET ANALYST & ARAB-ASIAN AFFAIRS - TWO NEWSLETTERS EDITED BY CHRISTOPHER STORY FROM LONDON, WHICH LOOK AT EVOLVING SOVIET GLOBAL STRATEGY WITH THE BENEFIT OF GOLITSYN'S METHODOLOGY (BASED ON A PROPER UNDERSTANDING OF LENIN).
SPECIAL NEWSLETTER OFFER WHEN YOU PLACE SINGLE ORDER FOR BOTH [SEE BELOW]:
The Resister has arranged special terms for purchasers of The Perestroika Deception & Red Cocaine!
SOVIET ANALYST: An intelligence commentary
Published since 1972 ISSN 0049-3538.10 issues per series. Regular institutional price: $350.
Reviews Russian global deception operations and strategy, revealing how Lenin's World Revolution is being prosecuted amid Western ignorance and indifference by what Golitsyn calls the General Staff of the Revolution.
Arab-Asian Affairs: A regional geopolitical intelligence commentary
Published since 1975 ISSN 0196-3538.10 issues per series. Regular institutional price: $225.00.
Monitors and explains continuing Soviet/Russian strategic deception operations in the Middle East.
SPECIAL PACKAGE DEAL PRICE FOR OUR READERS:
THE PERESTROIKA DECEPTION & RED COCAINE PLUS subscriptions to SOVIET ANALYST [10 issues] 8r ARAB-ASIAN AFFAIRS [10 issues]
Regular total price: $627.00.	^ _ AA
SPECIAL PACKAGE DEAL FOR THE RESISTER'SUBSCRIBERS: 5150.00
Send order plus full name & address with check or Credit Card details [$ 150.00]
[Visa or Mastercard, not American Express please] to:
WORLD REPORTS LIMITED, SUITE 1209, 280 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-0802. For expedited orders, send fax with Credit Card details to: 212-6791094.
To order by e-mail: Send order plus full name & address with Credit Card details to: subsO worrep.com
EDWARD HARLE LIMITED, Publishers of 'politically incorrect' books WORLD REPORTS LIMITED, Publishers of 'politically incorrect' intelligence services SUITE 1209,2890 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-0802, USA TELEPHONE: 212-447 5111.
FAX: 212-679 1094
EDWARD HARLE UMITED, Publishers of 'politically incorrect' books WORLD REPORTS UMITED, Publishers of 'politically incorrect' intelligence services 108 HORSEFERRY ROAD. WESTMINSTER, LONDON SW1P 2EF, UNITED KINGDOM TELEPHONE: ♦ 44 171-222 3836
FAX [relays to London from New York at nil expense to caller]: 212-679 1094.
NOTE: AT THE END OF SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD, A $125.00 RENEWAL INVOICE WILL BE SENT. IF NO RENEWAL IS REQUIRED, JUST RETURN MARKED CANCEL. OTHERWISE CONTINUE TO BENEFIT FROM THIS PACKAGE DEAL ANNUALLY I
IF YOU NEED MORE COPIES OF THE BOOKS, LET US QUOTE YOU SPECIAL RATESI E-MAIL U
Editor & Publisher: CHRISTOPHER STORY Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, London.
The RESISTER
Intelligence is a simple and self-evident thing. As an activity it is the pursuit of a certain kind of knowledge; as a phenomenon it is the resultant knowledge.
Sherman Kent
Periodic
The line of demarcation between Jriend andfoe...passes a nonphysical, often ideological boundary, which must however be expressly delineated if we want to reach the adversary and to defeat him _____RogerTrinquier
Report
Next!
Pentagon sources have confirmed that operations plans (OPLANs) for the invasion and forcible expulsion of Serb forces in Montenegro are now being staffed for conversion into operations orders (OPORDs). For those of you not familiar with the difference between an OP LAN and an OPORD, an OPLAN is a contingency plan that replaces .the first paragraph of an OPORD (Situation), witn an Assumptions paragraph. OPLANs are updated continuously as events unfold in any given theater for which they are written and assumptions are modified to match ongoing events. When the warning order (WARNORD) is given that an operation is to take place, assumptions are updated and then become the Situation — in simple terms, the relative strengths and weakness of friendly and enemy forces (among other things the commanders need to know).
Sources in the Pentagon also confirm that the unit designated as the spearhead for the invasion of Montenegro, II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF), stationed at Camp Lejune, NC, has an Operational Planning Team (OPT) in Macedonia calculating how best to secure bridgeheads to militarily support the Montenegran government should it decide to declare its independence from the Former Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia (FRY).
II MEF has been directed to conduct command post exercises (CPXs) — in other words, exercise their staff — to work out the OPORD execution requirements with the aim of confronting Serbian ground forces in Montenegro. Serb ground forces consist primarily of the 2nd Army, about 20,000 men. Also included as enemy ground forces are the 33,000 man police force. Pentagon joint operations
planning is based primarily on crippling the Serbian army, isolating Serbia, then the insertion of occupation forces as “peacekeepers” (in other words, the political decision has already been made — by “our” “government” to separate Montenegro from Serbia). Designated units are planning for an armed
invasion
What is the chain of command’s reaction? No problem — put more bodies through the SF Qualification Course! After all, the Starred Butt-Puppets have made it nearly impossible to fail. For practical purposes it — takes a general officers signature to fail a student out of SFQC. Before every officer-branch loser
Speaking of Starred Butt-Puppets... Spe-
with a “peacekeeping” cial Operations has 16 and RIF potential
j.	^	^
Sub°rj (!) general officers... swarmed into Spe-dinate units are tasked w°	i	rr*	cial Forces when it
with the seizure of HlOre general Officers became a branch of
ports, airfields and than deployable Spe- service in 1984,
hnesofcommnmea- cial Forces battalions! tion (LOC).
The invasion will
follow anti-Serb Montenegran demonstrations organized and financed by the CIA, followed by a declaration of independence by Montenegran separatists and the expected suppression of separatists by Serb military forces.
75th Ranger Regiment has been given a WARNORD to dust off contingency plans for airfield seizures in Montenegro, and'will soon stage a number of airfield seizure exercises within the United States as rehears^ als.
Bail Out
Forty-one 1st Special Forces Group (Abn) Operational Detachment —Alpha (ODA - A) soldiers terminated their Special Forces status within the past several months. Voluntary terminations are increasing in the other Groups as well. 1st SFG(A)’s strength is so low that companies have been reduced to four ODAs instead of the normal six. 3d SFG(A) is reducing the number of ODAs per company to five. The situation is pretty much the same in the other Groups.
instructors could fail a student on their own signature. Today, SFQC instructors simply throw up their hands in disgust, spit whenever General Tangney’s name is mentioned, and go through the motions waiting for their pointless instructor tours to end.
Speaking of Starred Butt-Puppets and grossly bloated chains of command, Special Operations has 16 (!) general officers. Real Special Forces soldiers will remember those halcyon days when we had one. BG Lutz, CG, 1st SOCOM. Special Operations now has more general officers than deployable Special Forces battalions! Each general, of course, has his own staff whose collective genius can be measured by the fact that rarely have any of them have served more than 18 months on an ODA. It is axiomatic that stupidity flows down hill. The generals and their staffs scratch their heads wondering, “Why so many terminations?”
It couldn't possibly be because of them. Oh, no. They’re officers. They’re smart. The fault must lay with those terminating Special Forces noncommissioned swine who have more time in the chow line than they’ve had in the field.
i rjc ivL/jiu x a^iv
LEADERSHIP AND ETHICS TRAINING ATTHEU.S. NAVAL ACADEMY
■L	by
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson, CDRUSN (Ret.)
Suppose you became aware that our public school system over the past 30 years had become subject to methods and techniques which weakened the moral fiber of children and adolescents. Further, suppose you found out that this program had a name — “values clarification."1 I have my morals, you have yours and one is as valid as die other. There are no real standards, even religious standards, to guide sound moral and ethical behavior.
Suppose you learned that graduate students in solid M.B.A. programs at major U.S. universities were judged by their professors to be budding young Marxists.2 That is, the students nad been taught to equate ethics with correct views on social and political issues rather than with honesty and integrity.
Suppose we awakened one day to learn that members of our military,3 from the highest ranking officer to the lowliest recruit,4 were being sub-| jected to a process of thought control called “sensitivity training/ a process of indoctrination designed to reach into the furthest depths of ones being.
And then you discover that the same virus has also taken root at a prize military education establishment, the U.S. Naval Academy. Let us examine this situation.
Dr. Atkinson is the author of The New Totalitariant: Bosnia as a Mirror of\ America's Future, and From Trust to Terror Radical Feminism is Destroying the U.S. Navy.	________________
Re-Education, Brainwashing, Sensitivity Training, Values Clarification, Situational Ethics—All the Same Thing?
W!
hile conducting research into the history, personalities, and techniques of “sensitivity training,” I have found direct evidence that the U.S. Naval Academy has been indoctrinating future naval officers in political correctness, actually a “cultural Marxism,” that has a long dark history. This is being conducted under the cover of a “leadership and ethics” program that has the blessing
“Sensitivity training” in its present form... has roots in philoso-hifh‘ra“king phy that leads directly u.es tthat is» c^an^
Navy Flag officers rt J i . yr ,	J	those	traditional
and other honorable hack to Jvarl JVlarx... moral values
Admiral Charles R. Larson, the former Superintendent of the Naval Academy, has described the new pro-1 gram: “We have implemented a com-prehensive, four-year, integrated character development program. It includes a new required course in ethics ... Integrity Development Seminars (IDS), another part of this important effort.... Once each month we hold a Yard-wide ‘stand-down* to consider and discuss ethical issues... led by a trained facilitator. For 90 minutes during the middle of the day, midshipmen are divided by company and class into 252 groups of about 15 peers.”5
This type of “leadership training” using trained “facilitators” and care-fully-crafted peer pressure is right out of the Tavistock Institute, Kurt Lewins National Training Laboratory (NTL) at MIT, and the “change agent” movement at the University of Michigan in the early 1970s that has so destroyed our public schools. And it is being implemented as “leadership training” at the U.S. Naval Academy!
The former Superintendent continues to describe his intentions. “By grouping the midshipmen in this manner, they are prone to more open discussion about the moral issues presented in the readings. The intention of these discussion groups is to allow all participants to look within themselves to define and clarify their basic moral val-
and well-intentioned	—
naval officers, active duty and retired.
Behavioral scientists have striven to perfect techniques that can modify a persons psyche to cause a person to hate a life once cherished and espouse ideals that once would not have been tolerated. “Sensitivity training” in its present form evolved from World War II research in Great Britain, the Soviet Union, and the United States as a method of psychological warfare. It is being carried out at the U.S. Naval Academy to inculcate a “morality" that has roots in philosophy that leads directly back to Karl Marx — the father of the Communist Manifesto.
im-
■ » ■" "i-—- printed during their youth by their families and churches — if they had such institutions in their lives] and to see why those values are important and how they relate to our profession." And you had better believe that if those moral values are based on fundamental, traditional American values, they will be weakened and changed to the relativistic morals and values that “facilitators” and “change agents” have been inculcating in the minds of public school children over the past two decades. In fact, many of the midshipmen receiving this indoctrination will have come from a public school system that preached “values clarification” in K-
52
Vol. V, No. 3
The RESISTER
12.6 They may be ripe for further indoctrination in the New Age religion of secular humanism.These new moral values” will surely be based upon rebellion against authority.
The former Superintendent presents a reading list that is assigned to midshipmen in preparation for the IDS seminars.The tides are often self-explanatory.
A Defense of Moral Relativism, by Ruth Benedict.
The Child as a Moral Philosopher, by Lawrence Kohlberg.
Egoism and Moral Skepticism, by James Rachels.
Good Will, Duty and the Categorical Imperative, by Immanuel Kant.
Kant was the forerunner of Georg Hegel and Karl Marx. Kant leads to Hegel who leads to Marx.7 Kant laid the foundation for today’s “secular humanism.” He believed that a “moral sense” transcends religion and God. To him, religion must not be based on the logic of theoretical reason but on the practical reason of the “moral sense.” Any Bible or revelation must be judged by its value for morality and cannot itself be the judge of a moral code. To Kant, “Morals are not absolute; they are a code of conduct more or less haphazardly developed for group survival, and vary with the nature and circumstances of the group.” That is the concept of “situational ethics” which has pervasively captured contemporary American “modern liberal” society. To Kant, “An action is good not because it has good results, or because it is wise, but because it is done in obedience to this inner sense of duty... by placing morality above happiness, we can cease to be beasts and begin to be gods.” This philosophy later became the basis of the Universalist movement in the U.S., embraced by the Unitarian Church. Man would no longer serve God, but God would serve man as men became gods. So our future Navy leaders are being brainwashed by a “leadership and ethics” program that indoctrinates them into the philosophical mold that leads to KarlMarx. Their “character development” program reading list travels inexorably
from Kant to Hegel to Marx. And undoubtedly the “facilitators” or “change agents” will use the techniques of the small-group encounter to mold their psyches into the socialist “moral imperatives” of today’s “cultural Marxism.” Critical theory will be a paramount element in this process. Tliat is, criticize everything in American culture with the objective of undermining that culture.
Other texts include:
Virtue or Duty, by Bernard Mayo.
The Moral Virtues, by Aristotle.
aside. Indeed, the whole process is a method of purging the officer corps of the U.S. Navy of any who would oppose the inculcation of “cultural Marxism” into their psyche.
Several examples that reveal the hidden objectives of this new character development program are taken from essays in the January-February 1999 issue of Shipmate, the official magazine of the Naval Academy Alumni Association.
The underlying objectives of the Integrity Development Seminars (IDS) and the required “ethics” course at the U.S. Naval Academy are revealed by USNA Professor Aine Donovan. First, she indulges in the Critical Theory approach to discredit the reputation of the academy. “When I tell people that I teach ethics at the __. United States Naval Academy, a common response is a snicker ana a self-righteous remark such as ‘good
***8
The Judeo-Christian Tradition.
(Various Biblical Pieces — presumably chosen by the “facilitator” to assure the elements of the Frankfurt
School “critical	______________
theory* method will
be applied. Observe The goal is “anti-
didonal moral teach- printed by getting rid luck, they need it.
ing has been 0f you? principles, and ^he then makes relegated to last — a	f.	..	.	her case for correct-
mere peripheral role ^hen Subjecting yOU tO jng perceived
in the “moral” lead- their principles. If you situation through a
ership training at the don’t go along, peer new kind of moral U.S. Naval Acad-	®	.Y|	f	training. She relates
emy.)	pressure Will be	that an overwhelm-
The former Su- brought tO bear tO em- ing redundant re-
P"inte“tent barrass you, intimidate sP°n“ ,
plains, 1 hese texts	r • i.	j	midshipmen to the
are intended to offer you, irighten yOU, and new “ethics” training
a unique opportunity if still unrepentant,
you will be pushed aside.
for the midshipmen to discuss, debate and internalize moral concepts. Moral di-	■■	-	■
lemmas are seldom simplistic or entirely straightforward. The IDS offers an opportunity for midshipmen to search their souls and critically self-examine their moral values.” In other words “cognitive dissonance” is instilled by the discussion materials. Then, after cognitive dissonance is sown by the facilitator, you are ripe to have your fundamental belief system criticized, challenged, and destroyed. The goal is “antiauthoritarianism,” imprinted by getting rid of your principles, and men subjecting you to their principles. If you don’t go along, peer pressure will be brought to bear to embarrass you, intimidate you, frighten you, and if still unrepentant, you will be pushed
is, “We already know what it means to be moral, why do we need a class?” This ___ straightforward and reasonable response is to be expected from youngsters from solid, traditional Christian families, whose children already know right from wrong based on the fundamentals of Christian theology.
But Professor Donovan gives herself away by stating, “No one, it seems, sees a need for moral education except the professional gadflies who persist in challenging assumptions and behaviors of future military leaders.” She identifies herself as one such gadfly and states her objective is to ...transform the soul of a twenty-year-old.” But the transforming of such “souls” is not to be conducted in the sense of a Christianity that defines the soul.
me	1
ADM Leon A. Edney,USN (Ret) supports Professor Donovans goals at the academy. He was the first occupant of the Distinguished Chair of Leadership at the U.S. Naval Acad* emy, which is the professional cover for the "cultural Marxist" "ethics" training being conducted there. ADM Edney served as Commandant of Midsnipmen from 1981-1984 and as the Vice Chief of Naval Operations during his distinguished career. In an essay that is exemplary in stating the traditional morals ana ethics handed down to generations of naval officers, his reiteration of the value of trust and confidence, based on ethics and integrity, is right out ofjohn Paul Jones’ “...nicest sense of personal honor."9
Yet, in the midst of his essay, ADM Edney succumbs to the failed logic that Eakman10 has warned us about in our K-12 public school system — that is, claiming “victimhood" by circumstances beyond the control of traditional methods. The Naval Academy must reduce its standards to accommodate the principle of nondiscrimination so that preferred minority groups may achieve equitable outcomes and thus be represented by quota in the output of Academy graduates.
Listen to ADM Edney explain the problem. “What ethical messages are our children getting from afternoon TV talk shows, as well as prime time violence and comic titillation on TV in the evening? Now this same material is easily available on the Internet" He excoriates the incidence of cheating, suicide, crime, and drugs in today’s teenage population. He complains that these values and lessons of life are being transferred to our youth. What ADM Edney does not tell us is that most of these people came from minorities who are being afforded preference in admission to the academy to remedy perceived “dis-crimination." A majority of the academy Midshipmen come from Christian homes where their parents have brought them up to avoid the social pathologies that result from promiscuity, illegitimate births, and Single parenthood."
Nevertheless, ADM Edney continues the “victimhood" hypothesis to justify the Academy’s new "ethics” training. "It is often a message that subtly implies the idea, 'so what if it
is wrong, everyone is doing it.* This is the background from which our entry level enlisted and officers are coming from."
This is simply nonsense. Without affirmative action, there would be no pressure for accepting the immoral at the U.S. Naval Academy. Without pandering to political pressure to accept and promote preferred groups, there would be no moral vacuum.
This “victimhood” premise is simply a guise under which our Midshipmen — all of them— are indoctrinated in a corrosive “cultural Marxism" via a new set of “ethics" that are .■■■■■ ■ ■
aimed at transform-	,	vealing, not only for
ingthe souls ofMid- Without aihrmative her world view but shipmen.The fact of action, there would be that of her professors
this transformation	r	at the AraH^mv "Tn
is nowhere more an- HO pressure for accept- rationaj beings it apparent than the ing the immoral at the pears a simple matter
cal materialism.” Her choice of Mill as the major yardstick for her ethics essay is especially revealing. Mills philosophy was at the heart of the counter-culture’s emphasis on the hedonism of the 1960s on America's college campuses. “If it makes you feel good, just ao it! That which makes the most people happy is good.” Of course, the women’s liberation movement was based on this view. The fact that the sexual liberation of women that followed resulted in disaster for millions of young women is lost on today’s new “ethics" movement.
Two quotes from House’s essay are re-
Midshipman.
Midshipman 3/C Carmella M. House won top honors for the Ethics and Moral Reasoning for Naval Officers course at the annual Ethics Dinner —— sponsored by the Class of 1964. Her award-winningessay11 was published intheJanuary-February 1999 issue of Shipmate. The title of her essay was, “Preparing for the Future: Lessons Learned from Tailhook.”
The essay is a classic example of Critical Theory12 straight out of the teachings of the “cultural Marxist" Frankfurt School. Consistent with the objective of Critical Theory, House presents a biased and purposefully negative criticism of everything “male," including high-level Flag-rank N avy leadership, at the Tailhook ’91 bacchanal while remaining completely silent regarding the decidedly unladylike behavior of females, especially female naval officers, at the event.
Midshipman House uses the writings of the 19th century philosophers Immanuel Kant, Jeremy Bentham, and John Stuart Mill to evaluate Tailhook ’91. Of course, Kant was the founder of the "dialectical movement” which led to Hegel, whose philosophy led to Karl Marx, the father of “dialecti-
political pressure to accept and promote preferred groups, there would be no moral vacuum.
agree with the inequalities behind pleasure and pain as presented by Bentham, and the greater value placed on mental sensations ■■ than those physical, as argued by Mill. However, despite disagreeing with Kant’s absolute view of lying [Kant said lying was immoral], and despite the potential abuse of rationalization, it is his philosophy of the categorical imperative that seems most applicable in evaluating Tailhook. It is this theory to which 1 subscribe, as I have found it gives me the greatest utility in evaluating my own actions and those I observe
in my life."
How can it be that America’s youth, the cream of its crop of patriotic young men and women, most of whom were raised as Christians with concomitant morals, ethics, and a sense of right and wrong, are being indoctrinated in a New Age “cultural Marxism?" How can it be that our future military leaders are to have the moral values and ethics of Karl Marx’s foot soldiers?
Listen to Midshipman House’s testimony regarding her personal ethics and those of our future Navy leaders. “Upon entering the naval service, we must decide our own max-

The RESISTER
ims — what we stand for personally, and what the Navy stands for morally.” Oh yes, right down the path of moral relativism that has destroyed our public schools — values clarification. I have my moral values, and you have yours. One is as good as the other. Who am I to judge another’s morals? Right out of the teachings of “cultural Marxism.”
Midshipman House is but a pawn in a very dangerous game being played by the counterculture revolutionaries of the Boomer generation. In their mid-life years, this elite has come to power in every American institution. As in all other institutions, they are destroying the U.S. military. It is another step in the long march through our American institutions. It is nowhere more apparent than at the U.S. Naval Academy.
John Stuart Mill’s Utilitarianism and "Ethics” at the U.S. Naval Academy
General Charles C. Krulak, USMC (Ret.), the former Commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps, spoke to the Greater Washington Chapter of the U.S. Naval Academy Alumni Association on April 21, 1999. During his inspirational talk, GEN Krulak commented thus on the Academy’s new “leadership and ethics” program:
4They [the Midshipmen] have noticed the increase in emphasis on their leadership and ethics instruction. But both they, and I, question the form. The atmosphere for moral and professional development is full of theoretical classes and seminars — mumbo jumbo about Freud, Kant, and utilitarianism — but short on straight talk, responsibility, accountability, and example. More significantly, they are still somewhat demoralized, and very cynical. The Academy, they feel, is Talking the talk,’ but in many cases still not ‘walking the walk.’ They point to the inconsistent decisions in several misconduct cases — such as the *Door’ case13 — as examples of the lack of integrity in the Academy’s message.” GEN Krulak was given a standing ovation at the end of his speech in which he told the audience what must be done to resurrect the image
of the U.S. Naval Academy and the Navy/Marine Corps team in the eyes of the American people.
GEN Krulak is rignt on target. But it is too simple to dismiss what is going on at the Academy under the guise of “character development” in the “Leadership and Ethics” Department as “mumbo jumbo.” This program is a covert attempt to attack the institution at its very roots. It is insidious. It is powerfully totalitarian in its methods. It is politically motivated from above — right on up to the Commander in Chief. And it is being carried out under cover of a clueless, compromised, or complicit group of senior naval officers who should know better.
If you awoke some morning and realized that an influential minority of the elite Boomers today openly discuss and defend the practice of neonaticide14 (the purposeful killing of an infant soon after birth), you might wonder how this is related to Mill’s philosophy of utilitarianism. In fact, Mill is cited as the ethical foundation for the modern-day suggestion that mentally or physically deformed babies should be destroyed. For example,
Peter Singer, author of Practical Ethics, suggests that, “Killing a disabled infant is not morally equivalent to killing a person. Very often it is not wrong at all. He promotes [John Stuart Mill’s] utilitarian philosophy of who is worthy to live. He specifically targets the newborn.”15
According to Steve Pinker,16 a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, “...we need a clear boundary to confer personhood on a human being and grant it a right to life... What makes a living being a person with a right not to be killed? ...[T]he right to life must come... from morally significant traits that we humans happen to possess. One such trait is having a sequence of experiences that defines us as individuals and connects us to other people. Other traits include an ability to reflect on
ourselves as a continuous locus of consciousness, to form and savor plans for the future, to dread death and to express the choice not to die.” Of course, under this definition any of us could have been killed, not only shortly after birth, but right up to adolescence or even young adulthood — subject to a decision by one of the self-anointed NewTotalitarians.
Pinker observes that “...several moral philosophers have concluded that neonates are not persons... and thus neonaticide should not be classified as murder.” Rational observers of this abomination remind us that infanticide is rightly universally treated as a “...greatly aberrant act, the very definition of a moral horror.”17 Dr. Laura Schlessinger, a critic of Pinker, offers an opposing “world view” to his. She notes that Pinker “...suggests that if killing the newborn hemophiliac induces the parents to have another child who is born without hemophilia, ‘the loss of a happy life for the first infant is outweighed by the gain of a happier life for the second.’”18 Yes, John Mill, we must reward those who seek the greater “happiness.” Even if it means neonaticide.
Schlessinger scolds Pinker, who she points out, “is the
frandchild of Holo-t is astonishing that someone from a 4,000-year-oldJew-ish tradition could argue so vehemently against the inherent sanctity of life as a gift from God and instead embrace utilitarianism and subjective happiness, the antithesis of Judeo-Christian philosophy, as the determiners of life or death for an old person or a newborn.”
The fact that Midshipman House s professors in the “Leadership and Ethics” Department at the U.S. Naval Academy have founded the “character development” program there on the philosophies of Kant and Mill is a testimonial to the bankrupt, corrupt, and yes, evil, influence at one of the nations premiere officer academies. The fact that House (and possibly
This program is a covert attempt to attack the institution at its very roots. It is insidious. It is powerfully totalitarian in its methods. It is politically motivated from above — right on up to the Commander in Chief.
many other Midshipmen) chooses Mill as one of the guiding lights for her particular choice of “morals” under this indoctrination, is a disgrace — not for her, but for the Academy which subjects her to such a false creed. Indeed, the same cancer that has invaded the heart of Americas public education system and its prestigious universities has found its way into the minds of at least some of Americas youth who are sent to the Academy in loco parentis. America is not being well served by this covert operation under the cover of well-intended naval officers who support the inculcation of true “ethics, the traditional ethics of Christiandom and John Paul Jones (...nicest sense of personal honor) in the future officer corps.19
What is “Sensitivity Training?”
You should be horrified that our future naval officers are being subjected to psychic intimidation and indoctrination by behavioral psychologists and clinicians. The “cultural Marxism” that has invaded our military academies and other military institutions is pervasive. These future naval officers will not have an understanding of the essence of what they are chosen to protect, that is, American civilization — the most vital and precious descended of Western civilization.20
In mid-1970s, after the Navy had experienced race riots on many of its ships, including the aircraft carrier USS Kitty Hawk toward the end of the Vietnam War, a young naval aviator was ordered to attend a training session at the Naval Air Test Center at Patuxent River, MD along with about a dozen other naval officers.21
The two “facilitators” who led this small-group encounter session were a young Hispanic enlisted woman and a black chief petty officer (CPO). Their goal was to apprise the all-white naval officer attendees of their insensitivity to the plight of “disadvantaged” minorities in the U.S. Navy, to examine their attitudes and “behavior” toward minorities and women and change them if warranted.
After a short introduction, the CPO exclaimed, “All of you are rac-
ists!” The astounded attendees were draped in a silence that was deafening. After looking at each other in disbelief, someone overcame his temerity to ask,“Why?”The CPO shot back, “Because you are white!” All of the attendees, save one, looked at the ceiling, or at the floor, or at each other in embarrassment or ^^ forced-guilt resulting "" from this unexpected, outlandish frontal assault. The exception
The “cultural Marxism” that has invaded
stood and in a steady, our military academies firm voice said, “Ex- j ^ military in_ cuse me, but I object .	.	*	.
to being called a rac- StltUtlOnS IS pervasive, ist. I do not and have — never discriminated against anyone on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex. In fact, my ancestors are from the North and several of them fought in the Union Army during the Civil War to free the slaves.”
Instead of retreating at this rational and forthright reply, the CPO told the young Lieutenant that he was not cooperating, was being disruptive of the class, and should immediately leave the room. The officer asked the CPO to come out into the hallway.
Once there, the LT reminded the CPO that he was an enlisted man in the U.S. Navy and in his Navy enlisted men did not give orders to officers nor treat them with disrespect.
The CPO insisted that he was bound by the “sensitivity training” syllabus to conduct the class as he had and that under this set of orders was required to remove the recalcitrant naval officer from the class. At this standoff, the young LT decided to leave rather than cause further disruption of a “required” training session.
Welcome to the world of behavior modification via a technique that has been perfected over time — “sensitivity training.” It is being used to overcome resistance to the lowering of standards in naval aviation to enable females to join the air combat arms of our military, including the manning of combat ships at sea. It is a technique developed steadily over the past fifty years that has proven successful in changing a persons values, fundamental beliefs, and even religious convictions.
Sensitivity training has also been
successfully employed by behavioral scientists in the service of the Federal Government over the past thirty years to implement radical curriculum changes in K-12 education. Sensitivity training has been used for years in Americas business community to implement Equal Opportunity goals and guidelines (read quotas) generated by Federal Government overseers.
Sensitivity training is based on research on human behavior that came out of efforts during World War II to ascertain whether or not an enemy’s core beliefs and behavior could be modified by the application of certain psychological techniques. These techniques have been gradually perfected over the years by efforts ofbusiness and advertising firms to persuade people to buy products, including the raaio and television industry to ascertain how an audience might be habituated to certain types of programming.
A Point Of Origin: The Frankfurt School
H
istory identifies a small group of German intellectuals who devised concepts, processes, and action plans which conform very closely to what Americans presently observe every dav in their culture. Observations, such as those made in this series of essays, can be directly traced to the work of this core group of intellectuals. They were the forebears of what some proclaim as ‘cultural Marxism,’ a radical social movement that has transformed American culture. It is more commonly known today as “political correctness.”
“Cultural Marxism” and “critical theory* are concepts developed by a group of German intellectuals, who, in 1923 in Germany, founded the Institute of Social Research at Frankfurt University. The Institute, modeled after the Marx-Engels Institute in Moscow, became known as the Frankfurt School.22 In 1933, when the Nazis came to power in Germany, the members of the Frankfurt School fled
56
Vol. V, No. 3
to the United States. While here, they migrated to major U.S. universities (Columbia, Princeton, Brandeis, and California at Berkeley).Those Marxist intellectuals included Herbert Marcuse, who coined the phrase, “make love, not war,” during the anti-Vietnam War demonstrations.
The counter-culture revolution of the 1960s was set in motion and ided intellectually by the “cultural arasts” of the Frankfurt School — Herbert Marcuse, Eric Fromm, Theodor Adorno, Max Horkheimer, Wilhelm Reich, and others.23 Its influence is now felt in nearly eveiy institution in the United States. The elite Boomers, throwbacks to the dangerous idealist Transcendental generation of the mid-1800s, are the “agents of change” who have introduced “cultural Marxism” into American life.
We must also consider the writings of the Italian Communist Antonio Sprainsci.24 Gramsci, a young communist who died in one of Mussolini’s prisons in 1937 at the age of 46, conjured up the notion of a “quiet revolution” that could be diffused throughout a culture over a period of time to destroy it from within. He was the first to suggest that the application of psychology to break the traditions, beliefs, morals, and will of a people could be accomplished aui-euy and without the possibility of resistance. He deduced that “The civilized world had been thoroughly saturated with Christianity for 2,000 years...” and a culture based on this religion could o within.
Gramsci insisted that alliances with non-Communist leftist groups would be essential to Communist victory. In our time, these would include radical feminist groups, extremist environmental organizations, so-called civil rights movements, anti-police associations, internationalist-minded groups, liberal church denominations, and others. Working together, these group8 could create a united front working for the destructive transformation of the old Judeo-Christian culture of the West.
By winning “cultural hegemony,” Gramsci pointed out that they could control the deepest wellsprings of human thought through the medium of mass psychology. Indeed, men
nly be captured from
could be made to “love their servitude." In terms of the gospel of the Frankfurt School, resistance to “cultural Marxism” could be completely negated by placing the resister in a psychic “iron cage. The tools of mass psychology could be applied to produce this result.
The essential nature of Antonio Gramsci’s revolutionary strategy is reflected in a 1990s book by the American Boomer author, Charles A. Reich, The Greening of America. “There is a revolu-| tion coming. It will not be like revolutions of the past. It will originate with the individual and the culture, and it will change the political structure as its final act. It will not require violence to succeed, and it cannot be successfully resisted by violence. This is the revolution of the New Generation."25 Of course this New Generation would be Reich’s elite Boomer generation. And the mantra for thesel New Age “foot soldiers” of the Frankfurt School prophets, would be, “Have the courage to change.”26 Kurt Lewin is credited with being the “father” of sensitivity training in the United States. Although not an official member of the Frankfurt School,27 Lewin was a close friend of one of its founders, a Comintern agent and leading member of the German Communist Party named Karl Korsch. Lewin was trained in Wundtian theory at the Psychology Institute Berlin University, and in the 1920s began collaborating with Soviet psychologists, in particular the infamous Alexander K. Luria, who would later develop a process called “Artificial Disorganization of Behavior” aimed at creating mass social chaos. Luria wrote about the work of Lewin in his 1932 book, The Nature of Human Conflicts: A Study of the Experimental Disorganization and Control of Human Behavior. Luria described the specific method of inducing an “artificial disruption” of the psyche:
“K. Lewin, in our opinion, has been
one of the most prominent psychologists to elucidate this question of... the experimental disorganization of behavior. The method of his procedure — the introduction of an emotional setting into the experience of a human... helped him to obtain an artificial disruption of the psyche of considerable strength... Here the fundamental conception of Lewin is very close to ours.
After Lewin came to America in 1933, his work, The Topology of Psychology, launched what became known as the “Topology Group,” a band of leading social psychologists. Under the cover of studying prejudice in children, primarily	anti-
semitism (which was a hot topic, with World War II in progress),	he
launched a host of well-funded studies that eventually led to the first American-based, high-stress, spirit-breaking, encounter-style, behavior modification facility, the National Training Laboratory (NTL) in Bethel, Maine. The NTL later became formally aligned with the National Education Association (NEA). This and Lewin’s “sensitivity training” changed America’s educational system and civil society forever.
The only comprehensive biography on Lewin available anywhere was written by Alfred Jay Marrow 29 This book describes Kurt Lewin as the key link in the Frankfurt School/ Tavistock migration to America.
Small group encounter methods have been expanded to reach an even higher goal — to influence masses of people through coordinated media techniques of thought control through polls, focus groups, and other propaganda mechanisms. Now, these techniques are being used nationwide to force all military personnel to accept the radical notion that women should engage in combat. On a larger scale, they are being used on the American public to accept, encourage, and support such a notion.
The tecnniques perfected by be-
in terms of the gospel of the Frankfurt School, resistance to “cultural Marxism” could be completely negated by placing the resister in a psychic “iron cage.” The tools of mass psychology could be applied to produce this result.
The RESISTER
havioral scientists to change our core beliefs aim at sowing confusion in the minds of those who would oppose such change. This confusion is created by presenting logical contradictions as equally plausible, valid, and actionable. Those without a strong belief system are especially susceptible to the urgings of those who seek change. Those who have strong enough belief systems that enable them to challenge, refute, and oppose this change are coerced by small-group encounter techniques to conform to the ‘majority’ view as determined and sown by a ‘facilitator and supported by the core group of “believers” plus the newly recruited “sheep” who join the “majority” group for fear of confrontation. If the challenger does not conform to the group pressure to adopt the ‘consensus view, he is further isolated from the group or discarded. He is never allowed to participate fully in the process thereafter. In the U.S. military, he is purged from service via the mechanism of his annual “efficiency report,” thus blacklisted on his promotion to the next higher rank.
According to Eakman, it was the Tavistock Institute that initiated “sensitivity training” in the United Kingdom.30 Beginning in 1932, a psychiatrist and British military officer by the name of John Rawlings Rees headed England’s famous Tavistock Clinic, an outgrowth of the Tavistock Institute of Medical Psychology, founded in 1920 and alive and well in London today.
It was primarily Rees (under the influence of Lewin) who shaped the Tavistock organization and developed what is known as the “Tavistock Method” of mass psychological control — the deliberate inducement of neurosis. It was Rees who coined the term “psychologically controlled environment” to refer to the manipulation of a population by the mass media. Rees claimed it was possible to turn an adult population into the emotional equivalent of neurotic children. World War II provided an excuse to test Rees’ psychological control theories. His staff conducted tests on American and British soldiers to ascertain whether, under conditions of induced and controlled stress, groups could be made to behave erratically. In particular they wanted to
know whether people would let go even firmly held beliefs under “peer pressure” to conform to a predetermined set of “popular” beliefs. This Tavistock Method may be familiar to those who remember reading about
Erocedures used in the former Soviet Union’s “mental hospitals” to correct the attitudes of political prisoners.
There, it was called “re-education.”
Tavistock-style centers soon started cropping up in America; at Stanford’s Research Institute’s _____
Center for the Behavioral Sciences, at If the challenger does
the Sloan School at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and at the various National Training Laboratories (NTLs), where con-
not conform to the group pressure to adopt the Consensus’ view... he is purged from service via the
cePts aE,°£ularl? mechanism of his an-
knownas T-Groups	<«	<y>	•
: r- nual eihciency re-
(therapy groups) and “sensitivity training” were developed. It was “brainwashing,” utilizing the small-| group approach.	—^_.
Eakman describes the way it works. “A controlled stress situation is created by a group leader (‘facilitator’) with the ostensible goal of achieving a consensus or agreement which has, in reality, been predetermined. By using peer pressure in gradually increasing increments, up to and including yelling at, cursing at, and isolating the holdouts, weaker individuals are intimidated into caving in.They emerge, facilitators hope, with a new value structure in place, and the goal is achieved. The method was refined and later popularized by other schools of behavioral science, such as Ensalen Institute, the NTL Institute for Applied Behavioral Sciences, and the Western Training Laboratories in Group Development.”31
A version of the Tavistock Method, called the Delphi Technique was developed by Rand Corporation in the late fifties, initially as a method of forecasting trends so that managers could make product production decisions. It evolved into a process of separating supporters from detractors in small-group situations so that a predetermined consensus could be manipulated by the “facilitator."
port/’ thus blacklisted on his promotion to the next higher rank.
Research stemming from the U.S.Government’s overt psychological warfare program has taught us a clear lesson. This lesson is best expressed in a book financed by the Carnegie Corporation, The Proper Study of Mankind by Stuart Chase (a self-described American Marxist), who wrote, “Theoretically a society could be completely made over in something like 15 years, the time it takes to inculcate a new culture into _____ a rising crop of youngsters... Prepare now for a surprising universe.”32
Change agents (i.e. “facilitators ) are trained in the Delphi Technique for use in small-group consensus-building. These “sensitivity trainers” are, today, trained and credentialed by over 30 various tax-exempt foundations and non-governmental o rga nizations (NGOs) as well as for the U.S. military at the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute (DEOMI) at Patrick Air Force Base in Florida. A change agent serves as a lightning rod in a small group to draw out the objections (and more important, the objectors) so that the target group can be manipulated toward the predetermined affirmative outcome. This is why the change agent must be an “advocate-organizer-agitator.” His credo is “Have the courage to change.”
L
The Technique
et us see how a change agent crafts his art on an unsuspect f ing public. As an advocate, the change agent gets the target group to trust him, by making the group believe that he is on their side, a ‘good guy,” someone who really cares what each individual in the group thinks. The change agent goes through the motions, as an “organizer,” by getting each person in the target group to voice concerns about the policy, project, or program in question. He listens attentively, breaks the larger group into smaller discussion groups,
urges everyone to make lists, and so ! on. As he listens and watches, members of the group express their opinions and concerns, “The ‘change agent’ all the while is learning something about each member of the target group.” He is evaluating each participant, learning who the “leaders” are, who the loudmouths are, which persons seem weak or noncommittal, which ones frequently change sides in an argument. The weaker opponents of the plan or program in question become primary targets.33
The “facilitator’s” real self begins to emerge as he points out possible objections to an ^undesirable” position. He may warn that those who hold certain views might be perceived as too extreme by members of the larger group, or by the leaders in the community. Of course he claims his only “concern” is that the group succeed. The change agent is still everybody’s buddy.
Suddenly, the “change agent” becomes devil’s advocate. He dons a professional agitator hat and pits one sub-group against the other. He knows exactly what he is doing, who to pit against whom. If the change agent has done his homework, he has everybody’s number, as the saying goes. The change agent begins to question the position of opposition leaders, plays on the fears ofindividu-als with weaker convictions, and finally drives a wedge between the “pro” group and the “con” forces by helping to make the latter seem ridiculous, ignorant, dogmatic, or inarticulate — whatever works. The change agent wants certain members of the group to get mad; and thus forces tensions to “escalate,” as per the Havelock training text, always with the “good of the group” in mind. The change agent is well-trained in psychological techniques and can discern everyone’s hot buttons. Dissension breaks out. Goals become muddled. But in the end, the individuals against the policy or program will be shut out. The desired outcome will be achieved.
A specialized version used on teachers is called the Alinsky Method. It is a staple of the National Education Association (NEA). Saul Alinsky penned Rules for Radicals in 1971, in which he asserted that “any revolutionary change must be preceded by
a passive, affirmative, non-challenging attitude toward change among the masses of people.” The radical organizer, he said, must be “dedicated to changing the life of a par- The “facilitator's” real ticu ar community, self begins to emerge
as he points out possible objections to an “undesirable” position. He may warn that
To accomplish this, the organizer must, “Fan the resentments of the people of a community, fan the latent hostilities of
with adults, and teachers, and school children. It works with students in college classrooms, community lead-^ ers, and even church groups. It works in “leadership and ethics” programs at our nation’s premier military academies. “Change agents” walk in with a smile, a pleasant demeanor and a handshake.The
many of the people to those who hold Certain targets rarely, if ever,
the point of overt expression — he must search out controversy and issues... An organizer must stir up dissatisfaction and
views might be perceived as too extreme by members of the larger group, or by the
know they are being manipulated. This is now becoming a reality in the nation’s military — the last institution to come
discontentment... leaders in the commu- under the spell of the
•	*1	TT	1	  al	-	4_1a.__1	A	^	.	,1	«	4-	’
[sic] He knows that values are relative...! truth to him is relative and changing.”34
Ronald G. and Mary C. Havelock (at the University of Michigan during the 1970s), in their Training for Change Agents: A Guide to the Design cfTraining Programs in Education and Other Fields, describe that social architects and political “change agents” are charged with the task of “finding out the values, beliefs... of [group] members.” This reads like a page right out of the Institute of Social Research -Moscow’s Social Psychology and Propaganda text. In fact, Eakman informs us that the book credits for Havelock’s text includes a mention that the ISR (a.k.a. Frankfurt School) affiliate at the University of Michigan provided financial support and contributed to the writing of the text.35 So it is hardly surprising that this training text sounds like its Moscow counterpart. Indeed, Trainingfor Change Agents is the single most damning hard evidence that Marxist-Leninist, Soviet-style manipulative tactics have been part and parcel of America’s educational “restructuring” effort, just as it provides proof that educational restructuring is, at its root, an attempt to remold American society.
Make no mistake. The Tavistock-Delphi-Alinsky approach to “consensus building” works. Each is a further refinement upon the last. It works
nity. Of course he claims his only “concern” is that the group succeed. The change agent is still everybody's buddy.
cultural Marxist’ social engineers.
In particular, this approach is apparently becoming entrenched in the “Leadership and Ethics” Department at the U.S. Naval Acad-"	emy.The psychology
professors who are in charge of this program are trained in the specific skills of the change agent, the provocateur, the “sensitivity trainer. They are professionals who are simply implementing at the U.S. Naval Academy, the same program that they have implemented in K-12 public school education over the past 30 years — bit by bit, step by devious step, as they slowly “march through the institutions” of the United States of America.
NOTES:
1 Kilpatrick, William, Why Johnny Can’t TellRightfrom Wrong: And What We Can Do About It> Simon &. Schuster, 1992. p. 16.
2Jennings, Marianne M., “Business Students Who Hate Business,” The Wall Street Journal, 3 May 1999.
3Pexton, Patrick, “The ‘better way’ of addressing prejudice: On matters of equality, services learn from within,” Navy Times, 13 May 1996,
P- 6-
4Pexton, Patrick, “Services discuss
affirmative action,” Navy Ttmes, 6 May
1996.
sLarson, Charles R., ADM, USN, Superintendent of the U.S. Naval Academy, “’Pumping’ Character,” Undated paper.
6Witham, Larry, “Panel puts moral relativism under a secular microscope,” The Washington Times, 16 June 1999, p. A2.
TDurantjWill, The Story of Philosophy, Simon & Schuster, 1961. pp. 192-226.
8Donovan, Aine, “The Case for Ethics Education,” Shipmate,]anuaiy-February 1999, p. 7.
’Edney, Leon A., ADM, USN (Ret.),“Leadership Starts at the Top,” Shipmate, January- February 1999, p. 12.
10	Eakman, B.K., Cloning f the American Mind: Eradicating Morality Through Education, Huntington House, 1998.
11	House, Carmella M., “Preparing for the Future: Lessons Learned from Tailhook,” Shipmate, January-February 1999. p. 10. See also: Himmelfarb, Gertrude, “Deity and Doubt,” a review of the book, God's Funeral, by A.N. Wilson, The Wall Street Journal, 15 June 1999. Himmelfarb summarizes Kant’s ‘Co-pernican revolution which saw reality as a reflection of mind, thus God as 'not a being outside me, but merely a thought in me.’ Himmelfarb summarizes Mill’s utilitarianism as a philosophy which “tolerated Christ as a exeat ‘moral reformer’ but regarded Christianity as a threat to liberty.”
12	Critical Theory is the label given to the practice of negative criticism formulated bv the Frankfurt School. Die “theory is simply to criticize. The objective, in the large, is to destroy Western Civilization. In the small, as practiced by Ms. House, it is used to justify affirmative action and reduced standards for preferred groups (including women), which in time will destroy the institution of the U.S. military. A concise, understandable discussion of Critical Theory and its founders in the Frankfurt School is presented in a 45-minute video entitled, “Political Correctness: The Dirty Little Secret,” by Paul Weyrich and william Lind ofthe Free Congress Foundation, America’s Voice, April 1999.
13	A fictitious name for a real life
USN A star athlete who was not only commissioned recently, but wasl awarded the NAAA trophy for leadership excellence after being involved in a sexual relationship, while on an unauthorized absence, with a female plebe.
14	Pinker, Steve, “Why They Kill Their Newborns,” The New Yorkl Times Magazine, 2 November 1997.
15	Schlessinger, Laura, “Killing‘unfit’ babies a sick idea,” The Washington Times, 29 June 1999.
16	Ibid, quoting Pinker.
17	Kelly, Michael, “Arguing for Infanticide,” The Washington Post, 6 November 1997.
18	Schlessinger, Laura, “Killing‘unfit’ babies a sick idea,” The Washington Times, 29 June 1999.
19	For example, Ethicsfor theJunior Officer, Naval Institute Press, is compendium of selected cases from current military experience which has been compiled by the USN A Class of 1964. It is an excellent handbook of hands-on experience in fleet-wide situations where ethics came into play. A copy is handed out to each graduating Naval Academy midshipman. Maybe it should be handed out at the beginning.
20	Vazsonyi, Balint, America’s 30 Years War: Who is Winning?, Regnery, 1998.
21	Atkinson, Gerald L., From Trust to Terror: Radical Feminism is Destroying the U.S. Navy, Atkinson Associates Press, 1997. p. 69.
22	Raehn, Raymond V., The Historical Roots of “Political Correctness, Free Congress Foundation, Number 44, June 1997.
23	Wiggershaus, Rolf, The Frankfurt School: Its History, Theories, and Political Significance, The MIT Press,
1994.
24	Lind, William S.,“What is ‘Political Correctness?,” Essays on our Times, Free Congress Foundation, Number 43, March 1997.
25	Reich, Charles A., The Greening of America, Crown Trade Paperbacks,
1995.
26	A phrase commonly heard during the 1992 Presidential campaign.
27	The Frankfurt School (or Institute for Social Research) was a group of German Marxist intellectuals who migrated to the U.S. in 1933 when Hitler came to power. They trans-
60
formed Marx from economics into culture by coalescing the philosophies of Freud and Marx — to pro-duce a “cultural Marxism. ” These individuals fanned out over the U.S. to our major universities and became the driving force behind the counterculture revolution of the 1960s. See: Jay, Martin, The Dialectical Imagination: A History of the Frankfurt school and the Institute for Social Research, University of California Press, 1973.
28	Eakman, 192.
29	Marrow, Alfred Jay, The Practical Theorist: The Life and Work of Kurt Lewin, Teachers College Press, New York, 1977.
30	Eakman, 193.
31	Ibid, 194.
32	Ibid, 197.
33	Ibid, 147.
34	Recall the slogan, “Have the courage to change,” endlessly repeated by then-presidential candidate Clinton in 1992.
35	Eakman, 249.
Vol. V. No. 3
From Trust to Terror
$15.00 to:
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
Radical Feminism is Destroying the U.S. Navy
by
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson
Praise for “From Trust to Terror”
No matter how inane, or destructive to the military‘liberal’ and feminist social engineering fads are, the Starred Cowards will compel their implementation and punish those who dare speak out against the destruction.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA, Ret.)
Editor, The Resister
In his latest book, Dr. Atkinson presents irrefutable evidence that ‘politically correct’ policies imposed upon naval aviation... have enforced double standards while making a mockery of the truth.... This is a blockbuster of a book and a ‘must read’ for patriotic Americans.
RADM C.A.‘Mark’Hill,Jr.(USN, Ret.)
Former carrier commanding officer and Asst. Chief of Naval Operations for Manpower
CDR Atkinson discloses the U.S. military’s biggest secret, the Stalinist atmosphere in which America’s fighting men must now work and suffer, forbidden to say what they know is the truth: that women have no legitimate place on a battlefield or a warship.
William S. Lind, Host ‘Next Revolution’ on NET-TV and former staffer to Senators Gary
Hart and Robert A. Taft, Jr.
America’s 30 Years War
Who is Winning?
^ . by .
Balint Vazsonyi
New From Resister Books
Mr. Vazsonyi has condensed in a single volume the most articulate, succinct, and candid description of how America is being destroyed from within that I’ve read in years. When he points at something and says, that’s the work of Communists, you had better pay attention — he’s “been there.”
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Vazsonyi takes by the horns a problem which tends to paralyze the thinking, such as it is, and all action by “nice” people. He calls liberals communists. And he will prove it to you. Liberals spout the same doctrines, use the same tactics, claim the same fine-sounding goals, and in their hearts, aim for the same evil objective — total power.
Dr. Susan L. M. Huck
Cash, money order or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
WOMEN in the MILITARY
Flirting With Disaster
Finally, the real—and devastating—story of the disastrous impact women have on U.S. military readiness!
Captain Brian Mitchell reveals what top military leaders are afraid to admit. America’s effort to integrate women into the U.S. armed forces has seriously jeopardized our national security. Read firsthand:
The feminization of the military—a failure from West Point to Desert Storm
The true and horrifying story of women in Operation Desert Storm “Sensitivity training” for drill sergeants turns boot camp into day care Service academy honor codes corrupted—to protect co-education Senior officers forced to lie—or retire—to keep the truth buried
Please send me___copies of Women in the Military.
by
Brian Mitchell
$20.00
RESISTER Books	N,me -
PO Box 35046	Address
Fayetteville, NC 28303 city/state/ziP
Cash, money order, or check.
(Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
Chinese Intelligence Operations
Nicholas Eftimiades
With the fantastic aid of the Clinton-Gore administration, the Peoples Liberation Army is being converted... into a 21st Century military force. It already threatens Taiwan and its mainland Asian neighbors. But we must now realize that our President and his allies have made it possible for Chinese missiles to strike portions of the United States.
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
The author points out the huge effort by the PRC to steal our technology. As Eftimiades states: “PRC intelligence operations against the United States have become so intrusive that senior U.S. law enforcement officials have publicly identified China as ‘the most active foreign power engaged in the illegal acquisition of American technology.”*
Frederick N. Smith
The RESISTER
A representative body, composed principally of respectable yoemanry is the best possible 1 security to liberty. Any law rendering property insecure, would be injurious to them. Melancton Smith, 1788
Every law, or resolution having the force of law, shall relate to but one subject, and that shall be expressed in the title. Constitution of the Confederate States of America Article I, section 9, clause 20
^ WHAT IS THE COLOR OF CRIME ,	IN AMERICA?
Jared Taylor
Who is committing crime in this country and against whom? How much crime do blacks commit? Are Hispanics as violent as blacks? What about Asians? How much so-called hate crime is there in the country and who is committing it? The U.S. Department of Justice collects a huge amount of information on crime-enough to answer these questions. And, indeed, there are very substantial differences in crime rates by race.
Government statistics are essentially of three kinds: survey data, statistics on crimes reported to the police, and arrest figures.The annual Department of Justice survey is important because it gathers information on crimes that victims don’t report to the police. Even more important, every few years it gathers information on the race of both victims and perpetrators of violent crimes. It is therefore the only information about interracial crime collected at the national level. The survey is about as accurate a picture as it is possible to get of crimes Americans say they have suffered.
The Department of Justice also collects data on the number of crimes reported to the police and the number of arrests made — and racial data
are included on most people who are arrested. Needless to say, these three kinds of information — crimes reported in surveys, crimes reported to the police, and arrests — represent a steady decrease in volume. For example, in 1997, the most recent year for which there is complete information, the annual survey found there were 1,883,000 cases of aggravated assault (attacks that could cause serious injury or death). Only
1,022,000	cases were reported to the police, and only 535,000 resulted in an arrest.
It is significant that the racial proportions for perpetrators as found in the survey data and the racial proportions for arrests are remarkably similar. Americans report in the survey that close to 60 percent of all robberies are committed by blacks and, indeed, 57 percent of arrests for robberies in 1997 were of blacks. The proportions are close for other violent crimes as well, which means that the police are arresting people of different races at essentially the same rates at which the public is being vic-
timized by them. Endless assertions that the police arrest non-whites because of racism” are largely false (see sidebar, p. 5).
So who is committing the crime — and against whom? To start with the survey data on interracial violent crime, in 1994 (the most recent year racial data were gathered) there were about 1,276,000 single-offender crimes and 490,000 multiple-offender crimes. Although the survey categorizes victims and perpetrators as only “white,” “black,” and “other,” 89 percent of the single-offender crimes and 94 percent of the multiple-offender interracial crimes were committed by blacks against whites.
These are astonishingly lopsided figures. One way to understand just how lopsided they are is to express them as rates. The frequency of crime
is usually expressed as a rate per 100,000 people. In these terms, 3,494 blacks out of every 100,000 committed a violent crime against a white person in 1994 while only 63 whites out of every 100,000 committed a violent crime against a black. The black rate is more than 55 times the white rate, meaning that the average black was 55 times more likely to attack a white than vice versa. In the case of robbery, or “mugging,” blacks were 103 times more likely to go after whites than the reverse. These figures are shown on figure 1.
The numbers are even worse for group attacks. For overall group violence, the black-on-white rate is 102 times the white-on-black rate, and for robbery it is 277 times the white-on-black rate. It is very unusual to find multiples this great when comparing
...89 percent of the single-offender crimes and 94 percent of the multiple-offender interracial crimes were committed by blacks against whites.
The RESISTER
Single Offender Black-on-White Crime
Rate as Multiple of White-on-Black O	20	40	60	80	10O
Homicide Rate
10
iiyrt
Arrest Rates by Race
Multiples of White Rate
|Asian |	|	White	fj	Indian
•figure /02-
Black
6 r
Arrest Rates by Race
Multiples of White Rate Asian QWhite | Indian ■ Black
Murder Rape Robbery Assault Car Theft
‘A*5x/rc
Forgery	Prostitution	Gambling
Embezzelment
15 r
California Arrests by Race
Multiples of White Rate
Liquor Laws -figure
12
|	|	White
9
6
3 -

Murder
Rape
Assault Robbery
AA
VaI V No. 3
the behavior of different groups. If blacks are just two or three times more likely than whites to drop out of school or die of prostate cancer, it is considered a matter of national importance. But practically no one even knows that blacks are 50 to 200 times more likely than whites to attack someone of the other race. If whites were just four or five times more likely to attack blacks than the reverse, it would be considered a crisis that required national attention.
Some people have argued that blacks attack whites because whites are richer and more likely to be profitable robbery targets. However, fewer than 20 percent of all violent black-on-white crimes are robberies. The rest are assaults and rapes, which presumably do not have an economic motive. In 1994 more than 30,000 white women were raped by black men while only 5,400 black women were raped by whites (the latter figure is uncertain because the actual survey found too few actual white-on-black rapes to permit confidence in an extrapolation to the country at large). Blacks are thus approximately 40 times more likely to rape whites than vice versa. It is hard to avoid the conclusion that much of the violence committed by blacks against whites is motivated by racial hatred.
From the national survey data it is possible to tell how much violence is interracial and how much is not, and in fact there is more black-on-white violent crime than black-on-black. When blacks committed violent crime in 1994, they attacked whites 56.3 percent of tne time, whereas when whites committed violence they attacked blacks only 2.6 percent of the time. This does not mean that blacks are victims of violent crime no more often than whites are. Even if blacks are victims of only about half of all black violence, that half is concentrated in the 13 percent of the population that is black. Therefore, blacks are still about five times more likely than whites to be victims of violent black criminals.
These findings from the national survey data are very important, but the data are limited to crimes of violence other than murder (you cannot survey a murder victim) and the racial breakdown of “white,” “black,” “other” tells us nothing about His-
panics or Asians. For information on other crimes and for better racial categories we can turn to arrest data.
Murder is, of course, the most spectacular violent crime but it is relatively rare. Of all violent crimes reported to the police, fewer than one percent are murder. In 1997 there were 15,289 known murders in the United States, which represented a rate of 6.8 per 100,000 Americans. This is the lowest rate since 1968, and represents the fourth straight year of decline. The murder rate hit an all-time high of 10.2 per 100,000 in 1980.
Of the 15,289 Americans who were killed in 1997, 49 percent were black, 48 percent were white and the rest were “other” with a handful of “unknowns.” More than half of those ar-
Because blacks are so much more likely to commit murder and
national rate of 6.8, and higher than that of any state. The murder rate was lower than that of the District of Columbia, however, which had a 1997 rate of 56.9.The states with the highest murder rates were those with the highest percentage of blacks: Louisiana (15.7 per 100,000) and Mississippi (13.1). The lowest murder rates are found in overwhelmingly white states like North Dakota (0.9), South Dakota (1.4), New Hampshire (1.4), and Vermont (1.5).
Needless to say, big cities with large black populations had the highest murder rates. In 1996, New Orleans came in first at 72 per 100,000 followed by Atlanta (47), Baltimore —^, (46), St. Louis (44), Detroit (43) and Birmingham (42). By contrast, Seattle — mostly white — had a murder rate of seven
rested for murder robbery than any Other per 100,000J were black. Murder is .r„ * t .....
the one crime for racial group, the per-which the federal ar- centage OI blacks in rest data give some {he local population is
information about	«	,,	*
the race of both vie- # probably the best tim and criminal, and single indicator of the different groups are murder usually does level of violence calculated as mul-
When arrest data for other crimes are compared by race, the results are as shown in figures 3 & 4. Here, arrest rates for
not cross racial lines Approximately 90	—
percent of murderers were the same race as their victims.
When murder is interracial, blacks are considerably more likely to be the offenders.There were approximately 1,100 whites killed by blacks and 480 blacks killed by whites, which means that a black was about 15 times more likely to kill a white than vice versa.
Because blacks are so much more likely to commit murder and robbery than any other racial group, the percentage of blacks in the local population is probably the best single indicator of the level of violence. Figure 2, compiled by Glayde Whitney of Florida State University, plots the murder rate against the black percentage of the population for the 50 states and the District of Columbia (which is the outlying data point at the upper right). Tne trend could not be much clearer.
Puerto Rico is not included in Prof. Whitneys data, but according to 1997 data, it had a murder rate of18.9 per 100,000, which was three times the
tiples of the white “ arrest rate, with the white rate always set to one. The black rate of about nine for murder, for example, in the first graph does not mean that blacks committed nine time as many murders as whites, but that they were arrested for murder at nine times the white rate. Since there are about six times as many whites as there are blacks, it means that in absolute numbers, more blacks than whites were arrested for murder — in this case about 7,200 as opposed to 5,350.
Figure 3 shows a very clear pattern: Asians are arrested at lower rates than whites, and American Indians and blacks are arrested at consistently higher rates. (The “Asian” category includes Pacific Islanders, some of whom are quite crime-prone. Tongans, for example, are much more violent than Chinese or Koreans. However, their numbers are small and do not distort crime rates veiy much. All the data in this article on Asians also include Pacific Islanders.) As we saw earlier, arrest rates are a very good indicator of actual crime rates. Blacks
Vol. V, No. 3
Adjusted Arrest Rates
Multiples of White Rate Asian | |White | Indian ||| Hispanic |Black
12 r
Unadjusted Arrest Rates
Multiples of White Rate
]Asian | | White | Indian
Black
10r
Murder Rape Robbery Assault Car Theft Adjusted by separating out Hispanics
fi yre
Murder Rape Robbery Assault Car Theft Hispanics included with whites
Male Arrest Rates
Multiples of Female Rates

Men
Women
Murder Robbery Assault Burglary Larceny Car Theft Arson All Violence
-PiAvre
Arrests for Murder	Arrests	for	Robbery
10r,	Expressed as Multiples			’Ti	E	xpressed as Multiples *	
4				T			
*1				4			
T		■		41			
1		m	'	•			
0U		1 ■		oL			L___	L.
V	Man v. Woman Blacks v wiam			u	Man v. V\tmen Blacks v WNtsa		
■p'gure If
Arrests for All Violent Crimes
6 Expressed as Multiples
Man*WxnanbiocXswVMSn
■figv/e XI
are the most dangerous, crime-prone group in America and Asians are the least dangerous. Only a few crimes break this pattern, figure 4 shows multiples of arrest rates for atypical crimes. Gambling, for example, is the only crime for which Asians are arrested at a higher rate than whites (blacks are arrested at a much higher rate). Alcohol offenses are unusual in that whites are arrested for them at essentially the same rates as blacks, while Indians — true to their reputation — are the worst offenders. For white-collar crimes like forgery, fraud, and embezzlement, blacks are arrested at about three times die white rate and Indians at something close to the white rate. For most crimes, however, the pattern is consistent, with blacks committing the most crimes, followed by Indians, whites, and Asians.
Hispanic Crime
What about Hispanics? The national arrest data give the impression that Hispanics are never arrested for anything. Hispanic criminals are, of course, included in the four obligatory racial categories for arrests: white, black, Indian, and Asian. How many in which categories? The US Census Bureau gives us a clue. Its official estimate of the 1997 population divides all 268 million Americans into the four standard racial groups, but adds that there were also 29 million Hispanics who “can be of any race.” However, it also gives an estimate of non-Hispanic whites, non-Hispanic blacks, etc. Thus we find that according to the strictly racial classification there were 221 million whites in the country in 1997 but only 195 million non-Hispanic whites. When American Hispanics — approximately half of whom are Mexicans — are apportioned to the four racial categories, the Census Bureau thinks 91 percent are white, six percent black, one percent American Indian, and two percent Asian. This is crazy — it would be more accurate to consider the majority of them American Indians — but as far as the US government is concerned, almost all Hispanics are white.
This makes for odd census results.
For example, according to the 1990 census, of the 3,485,000 people in Los Angeles, 52.9 percent were white, 13.9 percent black, 0.4 percent Indian, and 22.9 percent Asian — which adds up to 100 percent. This makes the city sound majority white. However, Los| Angeles was also I 39.3 percent Hispanic, and if we subtract the 91 percent of them who were probably classified as white, the real white population suddenly drops to 16.6 percent.
what does this mean for crime rates?
Since at least 91 percent — if not all —
Hispanics are lumped in with “whites, if Hispanics commit| crimes at higher rates than whites J official statistics inflate the white crime rate. Fortunately, some govern^ ment jurisdictions can tell the differ-^ ence between whites and HispanicsJ The state of California, which has more Hispanics than any other, clas-| sifies its criminals as black, white, Hispanic, and other. Figure 5 shows California arrest rates for the major violent crimes. As expected, blacks are the most violent, and specialize in mugging. Hispanics are roughly three times more likely than whites to be arrested for violent crime.
There is another way to estimate Hispanic crime rates. In 1996 the Department of Justice calculated incarceration rates per 100,000 population for non-Hispanic whites (193), Hispanics (688), and non-Hispanic blacks (1,571). Expressed as multiples of the white rate, the Hispanic rate is 3.56 and the black rate is 8.14.These multiples are close to the multiples for the California arrest data and justify the conclusion that Hispanics are roughly three times more likely than whites to commit various crimes.
We can calculate more accurate racial arrest rates if we separate out the 91 percent of Hispanic criminals we can assume are classified as white when they are arrested. By doing so, the white arrest rate decreases by about 20 percent and the arrest multiples for other races increase proportionately (in some cases Asian rates begin to approach white rates). The
two side-by-side graphs, figures 6 6c 7, show how arrest rate multiples change when Hispanics are treated separately. For lack of more precise information, the Hispanic multiple is set at three times the white rate for all crimes even though there is certain to be some varia-tion for different crimes. Both graphs are drawn to the same scale, with the white arrest rate set to one. They show at a
fiance how treating lispanics as “whites* distorts crime figures.
It is worth noting that the survey data from which interracial crime data were extracted do not treat Hispanics as a separate category and probably includes virtually all Hispanics in the “white” group. It is therefore impossible to know how many of the “whites” who were reported to have done violence to blacks (or against whom blacks did violence) were actually Hispanic. If Hispanics commit violent crimes against blacks at a higher rate than whites — and judging from their higher arrest ana incarceration rates for other offenses this is likely—then the survey data inflate white crime rates. The true figures for interracial crime are probably even more lopsided than those reported in the survey.
Disproportionate black crime rates have a seldom-discussed consequence: A lot of blacks lose the right to vote. In all but four states, felons cannot vote. In twelve states, a felony conviction can mean disfranchisement for life, but in most states, felons can reapply for the right to vote after they are off probation. Lefties have been wringing their hands over this, unsure of whether by calling attention to the number of blacks without the vote they can fight “racism” or whether calling attention to staggering black arrest rates will promote “racism.” Human Rights Watch and the Sentencing Project have plumped for the former, and report that two percent of all American adults are without the vote because of felony convictions and that among black men the figure is 13 percent. In seven
Since at least 91 percent — if not all — Hispanics are lumped in with “whites,” if Hispanics commit crimes at higher rates than whites, official statistics inflate the white crime rate.
states — Alabama, Florida, Iowa, Mississippi, New Mexico, Virginia, and Wyoming—a quarter of all black men are permanently ineligible to vote.
The lefties go on to point out that by 2020 about one third of all black men will probably have lost the right to vote, in the black parts of cities like Houston, Memphis, Miami, and New Orleans, as many as half the black men might be off the voting rosters. It causes the lefties great pain to imagine cities with black majorities but more white voters than black.
A very illuminating comparison can be made between arrest rates for blacks as compared to whites, and men as compared to women. We find that in terms of their likelihood to commit violent crimes, blacks are as much more dangerous than whites as men are more dangerous than women. Figure I shows the arrest rates for men for various crimes as multiples of the arrest rates for women. Figures 9,10 & 11 compare the male-female arrest multiple to the black-white multiple. Blacks are as much more dangerous than whites as men arel more dangerous than women — and these graphs are not even adjusted for the inclusion of Hispanics in “white” arrest figures.
Everyone knows that a group of unknown men is potentially more dangerous than a group of otherwise similar women. It is entirely reasonable to take precautions around men that one would not take around women. From a statistical point of view, it is just as reasonable to distinguish between blacks and whites as carefully as one distinguishes between men and women. It would be foolish not to lock the car doors when driving through black neighborhoods.
Police, of course, know that blacks commit a great deal of crime, and this| explains “racial profiling,” the practice of stopping and questioning proportionately more blacks than people of other races. The police would be crazy not to.They also stop more men than women and more young people than old people. The police know from experience who the crooks are likely to oe. If they spent as much time investigating old Asian ladies as they did young black men they would never get their jobs done. Everyone understands that men are more crime-prone
than women and they understand why men are stopped more often than women. It is only because of racial hysteria that so many people at least pretend to believe the police stop Macks more often than whites because of “racism.”
P
Why Crime is Down
oliticians and the press have made much of the fact that crime rates are inching down — and indeed they are. The rate of violent crime declined every year from 1991 to 1996 and decreased by a total of 12.7 percent during that period. However, violent crime rates were still 300 percent higher than they were in 1960. President William Clinton likes to take credit for the recent decline, claim-	—
ing that his initiative to spend federal money on a few thousand more police officers is what did the
ism.
n
It is only because of racial hysteria that so many people at least
‘trickRerUtyUnotUso pretend to believe the
kind. Crime rates are police Stop blacks
down because of the more often than huge increase in the <*.	,	ru
number of bad guys whites because or rac~
who are in jail. As the graphs on the next page show, we have never had so many people in prison, and incarceration rates, in terms of prisoners per 100,000 population are at unprecedented highs.
As the graph for incarceration shows, America has traditionally had about 100 people in jail for every 100,000 citizens. In the decade of the 1960s there was a terrific increase in crime. Perhaps not coincidentally it coincided with the triumph of silly liberal views about crime: society rather than the criminal is to blame, imprisonment is ineffective, the police are brutal, blacks never get a fair shake, etc. And so, despite the surge in crime, prison sentences were reduced and incarceration rates actually went down during the decade. By 1970, however, the combination of more crime and less imprisonment had reached intolerable levels, and we started sending people back to jail: to the point that we now have 400 prisoners per 100,000 citizens — a 400 percent increase in incarceration rates.
Current research suggests that every year of incarceration prevents 12 to 21 crimes. If we returned to our I traditional incarceration rate of 100 per 100,000 it would require releasing nearly one million jailbirds — and would loose upon the country a crime wave that would drive every citizen I into the arms of the National Rifle Association. The connection between falling crime rates and increasing incarceration rates should be clear to even the dimmest liberal; a crook who is doing time carit stick a knife in your ribs. And yet, the most common big-media reaction to the swollen prison population is to argue that it is caused by some kind of malicious “prison-industrial complex,” and to worry that so many of the prisoners are black.
Because of the unprecedentedly large number of adults who are locked up and off the streets, juvenile arrest rates are a better indicator than adult arrest rates of real crime trends in the country. All children begin life out of jail, after all, so their crime and arrest rates are not held down by the fact that the worst ~ of them are already locked up and out of circulation. And, in fact, the celebrated drop in adult arrest rates has largely passed them by. From 1991 to 1996, while adult crime rates were dropping steadily — as more and more bad guys were put behind bars — juvenile violent crime was rising for all but one of those years. In fact, since 1987, juvenile violent-crime arrest rates have risen every year but one. There is every reason to think that this is the true crime trend in the United States.
Crime trends for girls have been even worse than for boys. In 1967, boys accounted for 92 percent of juvenile arrests for violent crime and girls for only eight percent. By 1996, girls were committing fully 25 percent of violent juvenile crime. From 1967 to 1996, violent crime arrest rates for boys increased 143 percent, but for girls the increase was an astonishing 345 percent.
It is often pointed out that immigration keeps the population young
because immigrants have more children than natives. Most immigrants are non-white, so the American population is turning non-white most quickly at the younger ages. With the exception of Asians, non-whites commit considerably more crime than whites, so the demographic shift cannot help but produce more crime. Rising rates of juvenile crime — probably fueled largely by immigration — are reliable harbingers of rising rates of adult crime. Since the country does not seem likely to go through another 1960s-style period of soft-headedness about sentencing, we can expect the prison population to continue to grow at a good clip.
The prison population will also turn increasingly non-white — whites are already a minority. According to the Department of Justice, the 1995 racial breakdown in American prisons was as follows:
Total:
Black:
White:
Indian/Eskimo:
Asian:
Not Known:
1,126,287
544,005
455,021
10,176
6,483
110,602
110,000	Not Known? A footnote to the table warns that in California, Illinois, New Jersey, Nevada, Wyoming, and 15 other states, “some or all Hispanic prisoners [are] reported under not known “! Footnotes also tell us that Montana considers all Hispanics to be white and that seven states — including big ones like Texas and Mississippi —just “estimate” the racial numbers. Once again, crazy bookkeeping makes it impossible to keep track of Hispanics, and impossible to know how many are lumped in with “whites.” But even if we ignore all the “not knowns” and assume none of the “whites” is Hispanic, “whites” account for only about 40 percent of all prisoners.
In 1995 there were 100,250 federal inmates, of which 20 percent were non-citizens.The feds do not have any “not knowns,” and report their prison population to be 36.9 percent black, 32.6 percent white, ana 27.5 percent Hispanic, with Indians and Asians at 1.5 percent each. It is clear that an all-white America could make do with a much smaller prison system.
The dwindling minority of white
prisoners — now likely to be controlled by non-white prison guards — will be increasingly vulnerable to rape, humiliation, violence, and extortion. More and more will seek protection	by	joining
white-consciousness prison gangs. Already, in largely non-white prisons, it is whites who are members of “racist” gangs who maintain the best morale.
The large number of black and Hispanic prisoners has a significant but unquantifiable bearing on racial differences in rates of violent crime. According to the graph on page 6, blacks are about five times more likely than whites to be arrested for violent crime. Periodic Department of Justice surveys also find that Americans report blacks to be committing violent crime at about five times the white rate. It is worth noting that these figures apply only to blacks and whites who are not already in jail. To get a true indicator of genuine racial differences in violent or other criminal tendencies rather than just a record
of criminal behavior for a given year, one would have to turn all the convicts loose and then compare crime rates. The 1997 black-white differential of 500 percent is large enough already, but it is substantially reduced by the fact that, proportionately, eight times as many blacks as whites are already in jail and are restrained from the violent acts they would certainly commit if they were free. A true black/white multiple of violence not distorted by existing differential incarceration rates would be considerably greater than five.
With the exception of Asians, the burgeoning non-white population presents a very significant threat to our safety and security. Crime considerations alone would justify a return to a much more selective immigration policy. So long as whites remain too timid to discuss the challenges they face, those challenges will never be met.
Do some people prefer to keep us ignorant?
by
Jared Taylor
In the July issue [of American Renaissance] we reported that New Century Foundation, which publishes American Renaissance, had released a report called The Color of Crime: Race, Crime, and Violence in America. Public reaction to this report has been such an instructive example of the way Americans deal — or rail to deal — with certain information, that we decided the story would interest our readers. Particularly in the context of how the media are currently handling other awkward facts, there is a pattern of concealment and denial that is dishonest and dangerous.
The report we released in June was, to be sure, not flattering to blacks. It
noted, for example, that they are at least 50 times more likely to commit criminal acts of violence against whites than the reverse, and that they are as much more violent than whites as men are more violent than women. It also found that despite federal data-gathering methods that exaggerate the number of “hate” crimes committed by whites, blacks are still twice as likely as whites to commit such crimes. Other equally important findings were summarized in the July issue of AR.
The figures in the report were based on state and federal crime statistics that, taken together, are unassailable evidence that different racial groups in America commit violent
crimes at vastly different rates. Because we knew these findings are so jarring to conventional minas, we included as appendices to the report facsimile pages from some of the government documents from which we took key figures.
In order to get maximum publicity for The Color of Crime, we held a news conference at the National Press Club to announce the report’s release. We publicized the conference and the report as significant contributions to the current controversy over “racial profiling," or the police tactic of stopping blacks more often than whites, on the assumption that blacks are more likely to be criminals.
Our efforts were successful. Even before the report was released, many big news organizations were asking for copies. The Associated Press, Time, CBS Evening News, National Public Radio, Knight-Ridder, and the Washington Times wanted advance copies rather than wait for the news conference. A dozen other media organizations, including the Washington Post, picked up the report at the conference itself. C-SPAN thought what we had to say was so important it broadcast the news conference live and then rebroadcast it several times. On the day we released the report we arranged to have it delivered to more than 450 news organizations in the Washington, DC, area.
What happened next? Almost nothing. With one exception, everyone who had wanted the report ahead of time decided to ignore it. The Washington Times stood alone in running a substantial news story, in which it interviewed several prominent criminologists who confirmed the accuracy of our numbers and added that they were simply too inflammatory to be discussed publicly.
Was this why everyone else decided to kill the story — because the facts were too inflammatory? I do not claim to know the motives of people I have never met. News organizations have their ownpriorities, and no one called to say, “Thanks for sending us this fascinating report, but it's just too hot to handle.
However, other things were happening that suggest what decisions were being madein newsrooms. One was the release of a different report
on crime by an organization called Violence Free Duluth, in Duluth, Minnesota. As we reported in the July “O Temp ora” section, this group studied a year’s worth of gun crimes in detail in an attempt to understand the connection between firearms and violence.
They looked into such things as the type of gun used, the role of alcohol and drugs, the relationship between killer and victim, and the age, race, and sex of the criminals. In April, the group released its report, but left one thing out: race of perpetrator.
Frank Jewell, who heads the organization, said that minorities are perhaps just arrested more often than whites, and explained that “we didn’t include it [the race data] because it might be misinterpreted.’’ Duluth’s deputy police chief Robert Grytdahl agreed with this decision, saying that the race findings might distract whites from the real problem: “It’s a com-| fortable place for white people to park the (gun crime) problem. It would be a huge distraction, and we wanted to focus on firearms.”
What are these people really saying? By claiming that information about race “might be misinterpreted,” Mr. Jewell is saying that the people of Duluth cannot be trusted with the truth — that they are either evil or stupid or both, and might draw unacceptable conclusions if they knew how much gun violence is committed by non-whites. He, of course, is a superior being and can be trusted with difficult truths.
Mr. Grytdahl is just as contemptible. According to the 1990 census, Duluth was 95 percent white. What if it turned out that virtually all the gun crimes in the city were committed by the other five percent? Is this what Mr. Grytdahl means by “a comfortable place for white people to park the problem,” whereas he wants to “focus on firearms”? Isn’t he saying that if the truth got out someone might conclude that Duluth has a minority problem rather than a gun problem?
His views can be put this way. Let
us imagine the dawn of the automobile age, and drivers are getting into lots of accidents — so many, in fact, that some people want to ban cars. A study finds that a large number of accidents are caused by drivers under age eighteen, and that the auto safety problem would be largely solved if young people were kept from behind the wheel. The anti-automobile forces might want to suppress that information. “It’s a comfortable place for older people to park the problem,” they might say. “It would be a huge distraction and we wanted to focus on automobiles.”
To put it bluntly, Mr. Jewell and Mr. Grytdahl wanted a dishonest study. They knew in advance the conclusions they wanted it to reach and deliberately suppressed information that might lead to different conclusions. They are not doing research; Ithey are practicing propaganda. Thev want to keep the people of Duluth ignorant, because it is easier to tell ignorant people what to think.
“Nobody Knows”
SI omething similar but morel | subtle took place in the pages I | of the New YorkTimes onJ||S fourth. In a long, front-page story ' called “Reason is Sought for Lag by Blacks in School Effort,” reporter Pam Belluck wrote about the persistent racial gap in academic achievement. She wrote that educators are dismayed to find that white students from households with a family income of less than $10,000 a year get higher SAT scores than black students from households that make more than $70,000. After hearing various not-very-convincing explanations from teachers, students, parents and researchers, she concluded, “no-bodv claims to have clear answers."
Of course, there are plenty of people who have clear answers, and Miss Belluck knows the names of some of them. I telephoned her to ask why she had not explored the IQ_ar-gument, even if only to reject it. She
Isn’t he saying that if the truth got out someone might conclude that Duluth has a minority problem rather than a gun problem?
became defensive, saying that her article “reflected everything that was told me." When I asked if no one had mentioned a “bell curve"-type explanation for low black achievement, she said the purpose of the article was not to promote anyone’s book. She quickly ended the conversation, saying “I’m not here to be interviewee!." Miss Belluck could easily have expanded her story to include the only explanation that makes sense, but she choose not to. Today, if anyone tells you “no one has clear answers" to questions about racial gaps in achievement, he is either stupid or thinks you are stupid. Miss Belluck apparently thinks her readers are stupid.
To return to our report, The Color of Crime, is it possible that editors decided simply to suppress news that doesn’t fit the vision of America they want us to embrace? Is it possible that like Frank Jewell in Duluth they think the truth about race and crime might be “misinterpreted"? Do they perhaps think that the less we know the easier it will be for them to tell us what to think?
The great irony is that we are told over ana over that our form of government requires an informed electorate. Ignorant voters are irresponsible voters. And yet would it be going too far to suggest that some people prefer that voters be ignorant — at least about certain things
—	because if they were knowledgeable they might not vote the way they should? For people like Frank Jewell, who think that the rest of us are incapable of dealing responsibly with the truth, ignorant citizens are better citizens.
Unfortunately for those who decide for us what is worth knowing and what isn’t, there are many new ways to get information. The Internet is one, and it is significant that it is only the left — and never the right
—	that worries about the political views available on the net. No one sees the Internet as a great propaganda opportunity for people who want big government, gun control, racial egalitarianism, radical feminism, homosexual rights, internationalism, and higher taxes. But if “hate mongers” can use the net to seduce young minds, why not socialists? The fact is, the left doesn’t need the net because the
big media are already in its hands. It fears the Internet because it is an uncontrollable alternative to the conventional media that already echo its views.
The people who run National Public Radio (NPR) recently got a slap on the wrist when investigators found that several big public radio stations had swapped donor lists with the Democrats. It is no mystery why they didn’t swap with the Republicans (or with the New Century Foundation); the 11 ■ broadcasting network that is supposed to be national* and “pub-
racial crime in gruesome, factual detail, it is a subject that directly touches the lives of whites and one in which they can take an interest without being too explicitly “racial.” Slowly-awakening whites who cannot yet talk calmly about race and IQ_or the legitimacy of maintaining a white majority can tuck right into the purely factual aspects of crime rates. This reflects a latent racial consciousness that can only develop over time.
Needless to say, “—— some listeners don’t want to hear that blacks commit murder and robbery at ten
This is basically the Frank Jewell argu-
lie,” and that receives ment; Whhe fe times the white rate, support from the tax-	, r j r* t. A surprising number
payer is pitching the Cannot be trusted With of black callers insist same pop socialism the truth, ignorance is wc have a “racist”
fcl ,t I-Wi*. SSSSSSC
same people who in- etc. This Widespread tics. Most white call-sist that the media are combination of obsCU- ers fall into one of two not liberal. Are they	..	j
stupid or do they ran*lsm. and contempt
think we are stupid? for whites is the very
essence of liberal thinking about race.
That a Republican majority in Congress should continue to| fund open leftists is 11 11	■■
just one more sign of its spinelessness.
But even if NPR is nrmly in the hands of the left, radio can be a good, alternative news source. As we reported in the January issue, conservative talk radio can sometimes come close to being an exercise in real free speech. The limits are narrower than on the Internet but much broader than in the New York Times or Washington Post. And, indeed, conservative talk radio cannot get enough of The Color of Crime. Over the years I have spoken on hundreds of radio programs, but no other subject has ever caught the attention of hosts and listeners the way this one has. Never before have I so often been asked to stay on the program longer than scheduled. Never before have hosts asked me to come back on the air a week later because their callers are still talking about race and crime. Never before have I been on one radio station only to have a competing station in the same city invite me on because the subject caused such a stir.
I think I know why people like this subject. Although it is still semi-ta-boo to discuss crime rates and inter-
camps: those who say I am a “racist” and those who say I am brave. It is, of course, a sorry day in America when one is either brave or racist (somehow no one ever suggests I am both) simply for reporting crime statistics that tne Department of Justice has been collecting for decades.There are two variants of the “racist" argument. One is that what I am saying just isn’t true because the figure are false or I am lying. The other is that even if the figures are true, publicizing them will only give comfort to “racists" and feed stereotypes. This is basically the Frank Jewell argument: White people cannot be trusted with the truth, ignorance is better than knowledge, etc. This widespread combination of obscurantism and contempt for whites is the very essence of liberal thinking about race.
The larger point, however, is that thanks to talk radio, the Internet, the Washington Times, and a few alternative publications that have written about The Color of Crime, many people are finding out the facts — and they are well aware that they didn’t read them in the morning paper. Many radio hosts exult in this: “And you didn’t read about this in the Baltimore Sun, did you? That’s right, folks, this is where you hear the news
the papers are afraid to print.” Many callers are also openly contemptuous of the racial double standards the major media practice, and point out that if whites were committing a great deal of violence against blades it would be front-page news. It is plain how little they trust television or newspapers.
Things cannot go on like this forever. The big media continue to close ranks over racial differences, immigration, the joys of “diversity,” gun control, etc., but fewer people believe them. Politicians and commentators continue to mouth the dich6s the press feeds them, while more and more people stock up on ammunition and stop voting.
The countiy is moving in two directions at once. To someone who reads only the Washington Post, America is joyfully getting more liberal and multicultural all the time. President Clinton welcomes the day when whites become a minority. Immigration judges sagely decide that African women are refugees because they face genital mutilation back home. The Postal Service issues a stamp commemorating Malcolm X. New Hampshire does as it is told, and now every state celebrates Martin Luther King's birthday. Non-whites continue to pour into the country without the slightest sign Congress has noticed or cares.
At the same time, trust in government and voter participation are at all-rime lows. Alternative publications that openly mock the mainstream are gaining circulation. Despite the boom-time economy, the country is in the grip of a sense of crisis and foreboding that has no equivalent in living memory. Probably not since the secession crisis of the previous century have a greater proportion of Americans worried so much about the future. And probably never before have so many citizens thought our rulers were such selfish, unscrupulous men promoting policies that are so obviously wrong.
One of the causes of this disaffection is the yawning gap in what Americans know to be true and what they see on the evening news. Politicians and newspaper editors will have to start edging towards the truth or risk losing yet more of their audience. They cannot go on forever ignoring
The RESISTER
facts that ever-larger numbers of Americans are learning in unconventional ways.
But they could go on for a long time. The Soviet Union dragged on for years after even the dieharasceased to believe the propaganda. What’s more, the Soviet people had an important advantage in that the heavy, censoring hand of the commissar was clear for all to see. Everyone knew that it was the Communist Party that told them what to think, and anyone with a radio could tune into a different way of thinking.
Things are not so simple for us. There is no central censonng agency quite so obvious as the Communist
Party, and there are no overseas radio broadcasts with a different point of view. American censorship is the worst, most cowardly kind: self-censorship. Every editor and television commentator knows what we are supposed to think, and dutifully curbs his tongue. At the same time, there is brisk public disagreement about subjects that are not central to the prevailing ideology, which gives the impression of freedom of expression.
AR and its readers are therefore subversives, whether we like it or not. When a social order is based on deception and hypocrisy, an honest man can be nothing else.
Police “Bias”
The “racist” police officer is practically a cliche. White cops all over the country are supposed to be shooting, beating, and arresting innocent blacks and Hispan-ics — or at least trying a whole lot harder to collar them than whites. Aside from some isolated incidents of racially motivated brutality, this is a false image. The police arrest blacks and Hispanics because they commit crimes.
The first line of evidence is the close correspondence between survey data and arrest data. If the public says half the muggers are black, and half the muggers the police arrest are black, it is unlikely the police are making “biased” arrests. Even more to the point, the police have essentially no discretion over whom they arrest for a violent crime. Except for murder victims, most people get a good enough look at an assailant to know if he is black or white. If the victim says a white man took his wallet, the police can't very well go out and arrest a black man even if they wanted to.
The police have a lot of discretion over whether to make an arrest in the case of non-violent crimes, such as violation of liquor laws. Unlike murder or rape, there is not a great deal of public pressure to make arrests, and the police can walk away from crime if they want to. Presumably, a “racist" officer would see a drunk on the street and make an arrest only if the drunk
were black. In fact, drunk driving and other liquor offenses — in which police can make arrests or not largely as they choose — are the veiy crimes for which the black multiple of the white arrest rate is the smallest (see previous page). If “racist” cops are picking on blacks they are not a goodjob.
Finally, if the police are “racist,” why are Asians arrested at consistently lower rates than whites? Wouldnt “racist” cops think of some way to snare Asians?
It is often argued that the large number of blacks arrested for drugs — particularly crack cocaine — is evidence of police bias. However, there is a completely independent indicator of who is using illegal drugs, which suggests that the police are arresting the very people they should. The Department of Health and Human Services keeps statistics on eople admitted to emergency rooms ecause of drug overdoses. Blacks are admitted at 6.67 times the white rate for heroin and morphine, and no less than 10.5 times the white rate for
cocaine (Hispanics are admitted at two to three times the white rate). What better evidence could there b< that people of different races are using drugs at markedly different rates and that the police are simply doinf their job?
Like so many other destructive I
dal myths, the myth of the rarist co refuses to die.
The RESISTER
Much ado about not
much.
by
Jared Taylor
The idea of “hate” crimes and the increased penalties at tached to them are a radical departure from traditional criminal justice in that they punish certain motivations more than others. Increased penalties are justified by pointing out that the law has always taken a criminal’s state of mind into account: Was the killing deliberate or an accident? Was it planned in cold blood or done in the heat of the moment? However, these are questions of intent, and intent is, indeed, a factor in determining guilt. “Hate” crimes break new ground by considering motive. Traditionally the law does not care about motive. You are just as guilty of murder whether you kill a man because he stole your wife, blackmailed you, or stepped on your toe.
Hate crime laws require that the courts search for certain motives and add extra penalties if they find them. Therefore, if you punch a man in the nose because he took your parking spot or because he was unbearably ugly or because you just felt like punching someone that day.^you are guilty of assault. If you say nigger” and punch a black man you are guilty of a hate crime and are punished more severely. Like almost all recent innovations in morals, what started with race has expanded to “sexual orientation” and even disabilities like blindness or feeble-mindedness.
Ever since 1990, when Congress passed the Hate Crime Statistics Act, the FBI has been charged with collecting national statistics on criminal acts “motivated, in whole or in part, by bias.”The law does not force local police departments to supply this information but most do. In 1997, the most recent year for which data are available, the FBI received “hate crime” information from 11,211 lo-
cal agencies serving more than 83 percent of the United States population.
That year, there was a total of 9,861 “hate crimes,” of which 6,981 were based on race or ethnic origin. The rest were for reasons of religion (1,493, of which 1,159 were anti-Jewish), sexual orientation (1,375, of which 14 were anti-heterosexual), or disability (12).
The FBI reports 8,474 suspected offenders whose race was known — 5,344 were white and 1,629 were black. Their crimes can be divided into violent and nonviolent offenses, and
Hate crime laws assume that special harm is done to society when people are attacked because of race. But which does Saa&BS more dam,g<
were 1.99 times more ety: the few thousand
violent acts officially labeled as hate crimes or the millions of ordinary interracial
Cl 1141W01	* ***»» •  £ • |
overrepresentation of Crimes Oi Violence blacks in hate crimes, 90 percent of which
are committed by blacks against whites?
likely than whites to commit hate crimes in general and 2.24 times more likely to commit violent hate crimes. This
not just in race bias cases but in all cat-
egories, runs counter to the common im- ——————
pression that whites are the virtually exclusive perpetrators of hate crimes and are certainly more likely to commit them than blacks.
The real significance of “hate” crimes, however, is their small number. Of the 6,981 offenses based on race or ethnicity, only 4,105 were violent, involving muraer, rape, robbery, or assault. The rest were such things as vandalism and intimidation.These numbers are almost insignificant com-
pared to the 1,766,000 interracial crimes of violence (combining both single- and multiple-offender offenses) reported in the Department of Justice survey for 1994.
How important is the distinction between interracial crimes that are officially designated as hate crimes and those that are not? For a crime to be considered a hate crime, the perpetrator must make his motive clear, usually by saying something nasty. It is not hard to imagine that of the nearly two million interracial crimes committed in 1994, some — perhaps even a great many—were “motivated, in whole or in part, by bias” but the perpetrators didn’t bother to say so.
Given the realities of race in the United States, would it be unreasonable for someone attacked by a criminal of a different race to wonder whether race had something to do
______________ with the attack, even
if his assailant said nothing? Such suspicions are even more likely in the case of the 490,266 acts of group violence that crossed racial lines in 1994. A white woman gang-raped by blacks or a black man cornered and beaten by whites will think he was singled out at least in part because of race, even if the attackers said nothing.
Hate crime laws assume that special harm is done to society when people are attacked because of race. But which does more damage to society the few thousand violent acts officially labeled as hate crimes or the millions of ordinary interracial crimes of violence — 90 percent of which are committed by blacks against whites? If race relations are so fragile they must be protected with laws that add extra penalties to race-related crimes, why not automatically add extra penalties to any interracial crime, on the assumption that it harmed race relations? The problem, of course, is that most
The K&aidi&K
of the people slapped with heavier penalties would be black.
Hispanics
Official thinking about ‘hate crimes* suffers from another crushing defect. As Joseph Fallon, who has written for AR has noted, the FBI reports hate crimes against Hispanics but not by Hispan-ics. In the forms the FBI has local
I»olice departments fill out, Hispan-I are clearly indicated as a victim category but they are not an option as a perpetrator category when the FBI asics for “Suspected Race of Offender.” The FBI therefore forces local police departments to categorize most Hispanics as “white” (see p. 4). Official figures for 1997 reflect this. The total number of “hate crimes” for that year — 9,861 — includes 636 crimes of anti-Hispanic bias, but not one of the 8,474 known offenders is “Hispanic” because the FBI’s data collection method doesn’t permit such a designation.
If someone goes after a Mexican because he doesn’t like Mexicans it is an anti-Hispanic crime. If the same Mexican commits a “hate crime” against a white, both the victim and the perpetrator are considered white. Ana, in fact, the 1997 FBI figures duly record 214 “white” offenders who committed anti-white hate crimes! The offenders were undoubtedly His-| panic, but the report doesn’t say so. Some of the “whites” who are reported to have committed hate crimes against blacks and homosexuals are almost certainly Hispanic, but there is no way to be sure.
Hispanic perpetrators show up only if you investigate specific “hate” crimes. The FBI lists five cases of racially-motivated murder for 1997 — three “anti-black” and two “anti-white."The report says nothing about thepeipetrators or the circumstances of toe killings, so AR got the details from the local police departments.
Two of the anti-black killings took place in the same town, a mostly-Hispanic suburb of Los Angeles called Hawaiian Gardens. Hawaiian Gardens has a history of black-His-panic tension that is so bad many blacks have cleared out. In one of the 1997 murders, a 24-year-old black
man was beaten to death by a mob of 10 to 14 Hispanics who took turns smashing his head with a baseball bat. In the other, a Hispanic gang member challenged a 29-year-old black man’s right to be in the neighborhood. A few minutes later he came back and shot the man in the chest. In both cases, the victims and killers did not know each other and the motivation appears to have been purely racial. These crimes are typical of what we thinkl of as hate-crime murders, but because no Hispanics are identified as perpetrators in the FBI report, the killers were classified as white.
The third anti-black killing took place in Anchorage, Alaska. A white man, Brett Maness, killed his neighbor, a black man, Delbert White, after a brief struggle. Mr. Maness, who was growing marijuana in his apartment and kept an arsenal of weapons, had been shooting a pellet gun at Mr. White’s house, and the black came over to complain. Interestingly, a jury found that Mr. Maness killed Mr. White in self defense. The incident
—	which sounds rather ambiguous
—	was classified as a hate crime because Mr. Maness had shouted racial slurs at Mr. White in the past and because “racist” literature was found in his apartment.
The remaining two killings were classified as anti-white, but only one fits the usual idea of these crimes. Four white men were walking on a street in Palm Beach, Florida, when a car came to a stop not far from them.Two black men got out with their hands behind their backs and one said “What are you crackers looking at?” One of the white men replied, “Not you, nigger,” whereupon one of the blacks brought a gun From behind his back and fired several times, killing one white and wounding another. Attackers and victims did not know each other, and the motivation appears to have been purely racial. The other anti-white killing involved a Texas businessman from India, Sri Punjabi, who shot his Mexican daughter-in-law because his son had
divorced an Indian wife to marry her. Mr. Punjabi was furious because his son married someone who was not
Indian. (Presumably, this crime could have been classified as anti-Hispanic rather than anti-white.)
These five “hate crime” murders reported for 1997 do not exactly fit the media image of whites brutalizing non-whites. In fact, only one perpetrator, the Alaskan, was “white” in the usually accepted sense. What was the nature of the thousands of other officially-reported hate crimes? Without examining all 9,861 of them it is impossible to say.
It is clear, though, that the FBI report gives a false impression ofwhat is going on. It inflates the number of hate crimes committed by “whites” by calling Hispanics white, and suggests that Hispanics never commit “hate crimes.” Every year, the press duly A reports this nonsense. No one, appar- M ently, ever bothers to ask why hundreds of whites are reported to be committing hate crimes against other whites. By leaving out Hispanics and blaming their crimes on whites, the FBI report paints so distorted a picture of race relations in America that it is worse than useless.
Eye-opening crime® facts from the “the i Sourcebook.
The Department of Justice collects an enormous amount of information in addition to arrest records and crime survey data. Some of the most interesting findings are summarized in a fat, annual volume called Sourcebook of Criminal Justice Statistics.The most recent edition generally reports data no later than for 1996, but it includes many interesting facts, which are presented here in no particular order. We find, for example, that in 1996 Americans murdered 300 infants and about the | same number of children aged one to
By leaving out Hispanics and blaming their crimes on whites, the FBI report paints so distorted a picture of race relations in America that it is worse than useless.
four. Races of perpetrators and victims are not reported.
In a rather chilling table we discover the number of children under the age of ten who were arrested in 1996 for the following crimes: Murder - 17, Rape - 61, robbery - 266, aggravated assault - 1,000, car theft -199, forgery - 28, drunkenness - 103, weapons carrying - 600. Once again, it would be instructive to know the racial distribution of these arrests.
We also find that although during the 1970s, 120 to 130 police officers were killed in action every year, there has been a substantial decline since then, mainly because of the increased use of bullet-proof vests. In 1996, criminals killed only 55 police officers. Every year since 1979 (the first year for which data are given), no fewer than 80 percent of the slain officers have been white, and the figure has been as high as 91 percent. In 1996, blacks killed more officers than “whites” (including Hispanics) did — 45 percent of killings v. 42 percent.
As of December 31, 1996, there were only 48 women on death row — 1.5 percent of the total. Executions were halted in 1968 by a Supreme Court ruling but became Constitutional again in 1976. Since then there have been only 358 executions, with Texas killing the most (107) followed by Florida with 38 and Virginia with 3/. Since resumption in 1977, 188 “whites” (there are no separate data for Hispanics) have been executed and 121 blacks.
Although it is not included in the standard government index of violence, suicide is a crime, so Sourcebook covers it. The very elderly have the highest suicide rates (around 22 per 100,000) but otherwise the most dangerous years are between ages 20 to 24 with a rate of around 16 per 100,000. At ever}' age men are five to eight times more likely to kill themselves than women, and have grown more likely to do so over time. Male suicide rates have shown a steady increase from 9.3 in 1950 to 27.7 in 1995, though the rate has held steady in the mid to high 20s since 1990. From 1950 to 1995, the suicide rate for women aged 20 to 24 has been as low as 2.9 and as high as 5.6 and was most recently 4.3.There is essentially no trend.
“Whites” are considerably more likely to knock themselves off than blacks. The white rate is about double the black rate at virtually all ages except for people 75 and over, at which point they begin to treble and quadruple. White ________
men over the age of 85 are the most dan- I gerous to themselves, with a suicide rate of
age kill themselves at a rate of only 1.5 per 100,000.
Racial differences in suicide rates are seldom reported,
has been a steady increase in support for the death penalty. In 1965 — perhaps the height of the society-is-to-blame era — only 38 percent of Americans supported the death penalty, but by 1997 that figure had grown to 75 percent. There are substantial racial differences, with 80 percent of whites in favor of capital punishment but only 46 percent of blacks. Seventy-two percent of Hispanics
Religion does not seem to have a great 68 per 100,000. influence on attitudes
Black women at that tQ crime anc[ laW en_
forcement except in the case of Jews. They support it are most likely to favor stricter gun con-
though we can be trol, least likely to own
sure that if blacks ___ _______.	i*i	i
were killing them- %	m0S} k*ely t0
favor legalization of marijuana, and most Pamcs saying they
A ... have a gun in the
likely to want to liber- ^
selves at two to three times the white rate it would be explained as a reaction to “racism.”
Sourcebook tells us that 1996 was a| record year for de-	“
porting illegal aliens, which is different from catching them at the border. The feds bounced 50,000, which was a jump from 41,800 the previous year. About 33,000 had been convicted of crimes, which means that most illegals have to have a record before the feds bother to send them home.
In 1996 authorities eradicated more marijuana plants in Tennessee (1,113,000) than in any other state. California took second place with 632,000.
In 1997, counterfeiters passed
589,000	bogus banknotes with a total value of $31,750,000.
Only ten percent of rapists were complete strangers to their victims; the rest were at least acquaintances. Seventy-eight percent of robbers, however, were total strangers.
Every year there are about 25 times as many thefts from automobiles as there are incidents of pickpocketing or pursesnatching. Every year about 0.66 percent of all cars in the US. are stolen, or about one in every 150.
The Sourcebook also reports crime-related attitude surveys carried out by private organizations. There
there are considerable racial differences in reported gun ownership, with 47 percent of whites, 17 percent ofblacks, and 37 percent of His-
ouse.
alize pornography laws.
Religion does not seem to have a great influence on attitudes to crime and law enforcement except in the case ofjews. They are most likely to favor stricter gun control, least likely to own a gun, most likely to favor legalization of marijuana, and most likely to want to liberalize pornography laws.
In a rather surprising finding, Sourcebook reports that American attitudes toward legalization of homosexual acts between consenting adults have hardly budged in 20 years. In 1977,43 percent favored legalization, 43 percent were opposed, and 14 percent couldn’t make up their minds. In 1996, 44 percent favored legalization, 47 percent were opposed, and only nine percent were unsure. Public opinion has been remarkably impervious to constant pro-homosexual propaganda.
The Department of Justice’s Sourcebook of Criminal Justice Statistics is probably the single most informative crime document published by the US government, and can be ordered by calling (800) 732-2377.
ine	n»iv
WASHINGTON
.OB.
L MY Of MQ:\PX -HOOK
$40.00 to:
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
Washington and His Generals
J.T. Headley
New From Resister Books
True leadership is exhibited in those personal qualities known as bearing, character, presence, honor and sense of duty; however you want to define those personality traits they are self-existing, not “taught.” True leaders “stand out,” and when they are in the midst of “others” it is apparent that they are deferred to in judgment and followed in action. They are intolerant, judgmental, confident, and (without effort) command respect. They are, in their own right, regardless of birth, an aristocracy. Such men define Washington and His Generals.
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.) i
American Renaissance
Who has made race a problem, and why? What are the real consequences of demands for “tolerance,” “diversity” and “inclusiveness”?
American Renaissance is where some of America’s most thoughtful writers publish what they really think about:
•	Research on racial differences
•	The impact of immigration
•	The demographic future
•	Why “multi-culturalism” is a fraud
•	Race and crime
For a free sample issue, call or write: American Renaissance
PO Box 527 Oakton,VA 22124 (703)716-0900
Vol. V,“No. i
The RESISTER
The legal effect of these constitutional recognitions of the rights of individuals to defend their property, liberties, and lives, against the government, is to legalize resistance to all injustices and oppression, of every name and nature whatsoever; on the part of government.
Lysander Spooner, 1852
The military value of a partisan1 work is not measured in the amount of property destroyed, or the number of men killed or captured, but by the number be keeps watching. John S. Mosby
THE DEFENSE OF VILLAGES AND SMALL TOWNS
by
Hp	Colonel G .A. Wade, M.C.
This is The Resister s third reprint of Home Guard tactical manuals treating what our military calls Military Operations on Urban Terrain (MOUT). While Defense cf Houses and House to House Fighting treated tactical considerations in defending and attacking single structures, we now expand our tactical view to those tactical considerations involving multiple structures, i.e., “villages” and “small towns.” In context, we may think of these groupings of buildings as what the Establishment media are pleased to call, “compounds.” Think of a “compound” as a defensible neighborhood. Something our so-called “government” considers a blatant defiance of their “authority over us. SMB
realize the threat until it was too late!
After that I did some hard thinking which caused me to shed my rosy delusions, and I want you to ao the same before I go on to talk about village defense.
Do not, any of you, listen to me with the same sort of casual detachment with which you hear the preacher describing the perils you are storing up for yourselves in the hereafter, because today we are NOT dealing with the remote future but with the next few months, and above all things we must immediately develop
a SENSE OF REALITY.
Now I am going to assume that YOU have just been charged with the responsibility of defending the village of FENDIT with your company of Home Guard, and we will discuss the problem together.
Strategic Importance of Village Defense
Wanted: A Sense of Reality
Up to a year or so ago none of us could imagine our beautiful English villages, the picture of peace and contentment, being attacked by anything more deadly than carbuncles and sightseers.
Yet, here we are, faced not only with the possibility but the probability of having to defend them against invaders, heavily armed, scientifically trained and treacherous.
When I first began to study the defense of villages which I had known and loved since boyhood, I discovered that I was suffering from some sort of vague handicap, some feeling which hindered me in doing justice to the job, something which prevented my taking that depth of interest which the subject warranted. Thinking the matter over I finally
made an absolutely astounding discovery — it was simply this: I was not putting my heart into the defensive schemes tor these places simply because they were so familiar and I loved them so much I could not bring myself to believe that anything could threaten their existence! Somehow I could not picture them as the center of bloodshed, devastation and death.
In other words, I could not go alll out on the defense schemes because I was not convinced that they would ever be necessary.
Not to put too fine a point on it, I was being mst the sort ofb.f.1 Hitler has banked on my being — unable to
Nowadays we hear a lot about defense in depth, and nobody likes to talk about “holding the line.”
The Germans have become accustomed to staging mobile heavily armed attacks, and against these only defense in depth is of any use.
If you picture the onslaught of the Panzer division as like the impact of a bullet, then loose, clinging resistance is like the sand in the sandbag which will stop it in a much shorter distance than other substances offering considerably harder resistance.
When the invader bursts into our countryside those who are defending our villages will have a role of absolutely primaiy importance. Eveiy cen-
...here we are, faced not only with the possibility but the probability of having to defend them...
ter of resistance the enemy meets will slow him down and use up a little of his impetus. If these strongholds are distributed right across his path, as villages will be, before he has traveled far his pace will be slowed, his initiative gone and the way prepared for action by our own shock troops.
Another aspect of village defense is this: the Germans are trained not to break their heads on tough spots but to by-pass well-defended localities, so that, even though the enemy may be present in overwhelming force, if the village puts up a spirited resistance he will probably give it a miss. But before doing so he will test the defenses in a most determined way, and the village will not be held
unless it has a GOOD DEFENSE
SCHEME well coordinated and carried out.
The preparation of this scheme is your responsibility, so make it a good one.
General Considerations
The first step is to consider what kind of attack it is that we have to guard against.
It may be that at sunset or dawn a comparatively small number of Huns will drop from the skies, stealthily and speedily assemble and attack the village, or it may be that one day the sounds of battle will be heard in the far distance and the enemy, in great force, preceded by armored fighting vehicles, will come moving across the landscape.
We do not know HOW he will come, but we do know that when he does come our village must be ready for him.
Consequently, we must have our dispositions such that we can not only hunt and exterminate small bodies of Germans, but, if attacked by larger numbers, can oppose force with force and surprise them by delivering a heavy counterattack.
Now you can only meet force with force if you have been sufficiently strong-willed to withstand the great
temptation which is always present when making defensive plans — I mean the tendency to dissipate your strength in a host of small uncoordinated posts so spread out all over dfl place that a compact body of the ei^ emy could mop up five or six rimt their own number by taking them few at a time.2
Admittedly every one of those small posts would be guarding some-3 thing useful, and if you take them away you will feel you are giving something to the enemy without a fight. But that is the price you have to pay for your ability to strike back at the Hun, and, believe me, you will find it well worth while, particula if you make careful study of what you are giving away so that you let the enemy have nothing that is really vital.
In any case, when we come to discuss fighting patrols you will see that even though no posts are statiofiiAio i particular area it does not by any means follow that Germans can safely enter.
Now let us look at the village to make up our minds which parts it is
78
Vol. V, No. 3
The RESISTER
*i l I ♦ * *4
WOOD1 * /
^ kt lAlz
—MOUOV,
MV STATION
#*OOK
fendit
TNMtfMHN
wcsrwal
WOOD\o-
WOOD
//t II h	X *r
lie	A
ffe	•o
\ ■ I \	A
11**I?<
< t*i*M t
**t i X f
».M t,\
NORTH| »N
Mh <1
M U'i * *♦* Viy **»«/
TO
THE VILLAGE OF FENDIT
SCALEOf -VARP3
IOO too too 400 900 600 700 600 400 IOOO I too Itoo
to avoid too wide dispersion, they will not be defended by posts.
This will mean that three points will arise:
(1)	The members of the Home Guard who live on Manor Park Estate will have a meeting and say they want their houses embraced within the main defenses and that theyjoined the Home Guard to defend their own homes and not other people’s.
(2)	The Squire will raise hell and say you do not know your business and that if the chaps he served with in the South Africa War were here they would soon teach you that the Hall should be the center of defense.3
After you have pacified the Squire and the Manor Park Estates worthies by a dissertation on the deadly effectiveness of the fighting patrols with which you intend to cover their respective areas, you come to the third point, which is the one that really matters.
(3)	You will have some MEN IN RESERVE, men to hit back with, men to restore the situation if it gets critical, men to reinforce the threatened parts.
Siting the Keeps
We will start with our KEEPS; the strongholds which will have garrisons to defend them to the bitter end and from which our fighting patrols and reserves can sally forth for ACTIVE DEFENSE further afield.
As far as possible the keeps should: (1) Be capable of ALL-ROUND DEFENSE.
Plate 2.—Map of Fendit
vital to defend and which parts are such that if the enemy occupies them it will not be disastrous.
(1)	The RIVER BOOZE is considerable protection against attack from the SOUTHWEST, so the BRIDGE must be strongly held.
(2)	Damage to the PLUMBING STATipN or RESERVOIR would be a serious matter, and, in addition, an enemy on RESERVOIR HILL could dominate the defenses.
(3)	The COUNCIL OFFICES, POLICE HEADQUARTERS, A.R.P. CONTROL are all in the
heart of the village, so they will be all right, but the TRANSFORMER STATION is rather isolated on the SOUTH.
These places I have mentioned must all be protected within your scheme.
On the other hand, although if plenty of men were available it would be desirable to hold the RAILWAY STATION, MANOR PARK ESTATE and THE HALL, they are all places which the enemy could occupy without seriously threatening the main part of the village; consequently,
(2)	Be sited where they cover approaches to vital parts.
(3)	Be mutually supporting.
Good places for keeps will be:
No.l Keep at the BRICKWORKS. This will be protected on the NORTH by the clay pit. The building is robust and the kiln, being of tremendously thick brickwork, will make an admirable shelter, from this keep the gasworks can be protected from attack coming from the railway station, and there is visual contact with No. 2 Keep on Reservoir Hill. The churcltyard on the south gives and open field of fire and will be very handy for the disposal of attackers.
The K±*Md 1 r^iv
Plate 3.—Keeps
No.2 Keep on RESERVOIR HILL will take advantage of the natural cover furnished by the trees and commands the three roads from the BLOODFORD, POPPIT and UPPIT as well as guarding the east of the gasworks.
No.3 Keep in the ALLOTMENT GARDENS will cover the DOWNIT ROAD. It also protects the transformer station and is in visual contact with the Bridge Keep (No.4).
No.4 Keep will be the OLD WATER MILL near the BRIDGE.
It has a good field of fire across the river, ana the garrison can reach the road block on the bridge with A.W. and Mills grenades.
No.5 Keep in the MARKETl HALL. This will be the Home! Guard Battle Headquarters and has a fair field of fire all round. Being such a high building lookouts on the roof can see the various other keeps, and the snipers up there would dominate any enemy penetrating into the built-up part of the village. It is reasonably central and from it RESERVES| could issue in any direction to reinforce threatened localities or to counterattack in the event of local success by the enemy.
Speed is essential in such operations, so the reserve must always be placed in a central position. The
S.A.A.4 dump will be in the No.5 Keep and the position of this reserve ammunition should be known to all NCOs.
Road Blocks
In my opening remarks I asked you to develop a REALISTIC out look, ana you should certainly have one in relation to road blocks.
A road block to some soldiers seems to mean nothing but an obstacle in the road or street, but it is far more than that.
A road block is a CHALLENGE to the enemy; it is the gauntlet thrown down for him to pick up. In effect, the men who erect the road block say to the advancing Huns, “Here is where we mean you to stop. So what?* Now if you are a wise soldier you do not throw out a challenge unless you are favorably fixed for dealing with the resulting schemozzle; consequently, you site your road block where it will be easy for you to defend and hard for the enemy to attack; because ATTACK IT HE WILL!	JjBk
Those folk who fondly imagine the Hun will look at a road block and iy,“I can’t get past it; I shall go some-here else, have got another guesi coming, either in
saj
wf
s got anotner guess this world or next.
Surprise is a great factor in roadblock tactics, but it is no use surpris-ing your enemy unless you are in a position to take advantage of his temporary hesitation and confusion. In other words, if you place your road block where the hostile armored fighting vehicle will come upon it suddenly and halt, you MUST have everything prepared to put him “on the spot” without a moment s delay.
When you think of putting a road block in a certain place, say to yourself, “What will the Boches do when they see a road block here? Will they try to get round the flanks? Which flank will they try first? Where shall I put some men to stop that? What about the other flank? What will he do if he cannot turn our flanks? Use a mortar? Where could the guard shelter? Where will they use a mortar from? How could we sneak out and ambush them there? And so on.
Having these considerations in mind, let us look at the map and fix some appropriate positions for road blocks prior to reconnoitering them on the ground.
Road Block A — If we place a block just south of the gasworks it will block both the BLOODFORfii and the POPPIT ROADS and we can put the guard in the gasworks, which will kill two birds with one stone. No.2 Keep can also cover this road block.
Road Block B — This should block the UPPIT ROAD and if it is put in the bend of the street it will be easy to defend from houses at both
sides.	.Jfl
Road Block C — This will stop
any traffic from DOWNIT and, being right up against No.3 Keep, will require no special guard, but as it is on a straignt road it will require screening carefully.
Road Block D on the bridge on the BE ATIT ROAD is actually much easier to conceal than appears from the map, as the bridge nas a high crown which will prevent an approaching vehicle from seeing it till on the center of the bridge.
These four are the really hefty man’s size road blocks required to deny the roads to the enemy.
Two other lighter road blocks will be an advantage, one where the drive from the Hall (E) enters the village and the other at the west corner of
The RESISTER
NORTHOVEft PROJECTOR »____
&OM&INC TRENCHES	<	<
AO AO BLOCKS	X
O BARBED Wlftl TRENCHES
Plate 4.—No. 2 Keep
Note the wiring which follows hedges (or the side of the road) all round except a small stretch due west of the keep, which should go straight across so as to look like a fence or hedge. The trees are also laced together with wire.
The [mortars] are on the near slope of the hill and cannot be seen or fired upon from the east. They cover the roads at A, B and C, and vehicles can be caused to hesitate at these spots by a cunning use of screens or dummy mines.
Bomber’s1 trenches should be within range of A, B and C so that once the [mortars halt vehicles] Molotovs can be thrown to carry on the good work. These slit trenches should be well defiladed against a bad shot from the [mortar], and great care should be taken to avoid making tracks.
Grenadiers (or men with satchel charges).
&A*T,ON TYPt T**NO| , , * „ > * * * r. Y wiring to be dome at ° ^rctrfrfrre~trm.nn EneactNcr wmi
ROAD BLOCKS X
Plate 5.—No. 3 Keep
A HOUSE has been included in this keep, as it dominates the road block and has a splendid field of fire.
The WIRING is along hedges and in two back gardens.
You will notice that some of the wiring comes much too close to the keep; but even so this is better than putting it further out in the field, where it would be very obvious from the air.
A supply of concertina wire should be kept ready for putting out at A (to look like a continuation of the garden fence after the “balloon goes up.”
Parts of the trench can be dug now to act as fire positions, and these may be connected up later if required.
The hedges should be cleared to
S’ve necessary field of fire, but with
REATEST DISCRIMINATION
and care (and only low down at that).

The RESISTEK
Plate 6.—Road Blocks
the churchyard (F).
Having fixed the keeps and the road blocks we have formed the framework of the static defense, so now let us consider the more ACTIVE and AGGRESSIVE DEFENSE, because that is what really counts.
The Fighting Patrols
When I talk about fighting patrols I mean twenty-five men organized into three sections of eight with a Patrol Leader. The country round about FENDIT is very suitable for the operations of fighting patrols. It is full of undulations ana interesting features which will give a patrol which knows that ground a great advantage over an enemy strange to the locality. The advantage should be exploited by the Home Guard to the utmost, as it will largely offset the military training of the German invaders.
Now let us divide the surrounding district into fighting patrol areas.This is very necessary, because your fighting patrols should be trained to be very aggressive and swift to attack; consequently, if you have tow of them out, particularly under conditions of bad visibility, etc., there is a risk of their attacking one another unless you tie them down to operating within certain specified boundaries.
These boundaries, by the way, should be well marked geographical features, easily recognizable on the ground, such as streams, roads, woods, etc.
As apparently you will have only sufficient men to have two patrols out at once, what about dividing the surrounding district into two patrol areas, one south of the line made by
the UPPIT-—FENDIT ROAD as far as the bridge over the RIVER BRIDGE southwest of FENDIT and thence along the BOOZE westwards, and the other north of it, the road itself to be inclusive to the southern patrol area?
Now for the OUTWARD limits of the patrol areas:
Fighting Patrol Operating FromNo.2 Keep:
ORTH WOOD stretches for two miles, so it is impossible to patrol the northern edge — that is, the BLOODFORD side; consequently, we have perforce to make our limit here from the RIVER BOOZE to the southern point and then along the edge of NORTH WOOD to POPPIT HOLLOW, which is big enough to hold an invading battauon without its being seen from the village, so it must be kept | under continual observation.
From there POPPIT BROOK furnishes a good boundary till it strikes the UPrIT ROAD, which is the patrols southern limit.
Fighting Patrol Operating FromNo.3 Keep:
This patrol is not so cramped in style and can cover more ground. From the UPPIT ROAD along LAD LANE to the INN, thence along SCRAM ROAD to the south side of PINE WOOD, along the southern edge of PINE and SOUTH WOODS, over the bridge along LASS LANE to BEATIT ROAD. Thence covering west edge of WEST WOOD, north along hedge to ROVER BOOZE. A lovely stretch of typical English countryside.
If this patrol could be mounted on cycles they could cover their area so quickly that they would be worth two or three dismounted patrols.
Using the roads indicated on the map (at irregular times), they would be great protection to the main defenses ana sudden death to any small parties of enemy paratroopers impudent enough to come down on their area.
There are other ways of making patrols mobile besides cycles and these should all be considered.
You see you will be short of men in this defense scheme (because everybody always is short of men in de-fense schemes!), and the fewer defenders you have the MORE ACTIVE THEY MUST BE.
The Men and the Weapons
We are getting on famously with our defensive arrangements now. We have sited the keeps, the backbone of our defense, and we have decided the patrol areas. Also we have fixed which particular keeps will acts as the eyres to which our fighting patrols will return, like birds of prey to their nests.
Now let us see what men we have. Only a hundred and fifty!5 And the arms?
80 Rifles.
82
Vol. V, No. 3
20 Shotguns.
4 Browning automatics.
6 Tommy guns.
2 Mortars
2 Flame-throwers.
Also various grenades, Molotovs, [satchel charges], and a few larger bombs and antitank mines.
Not as many men or weapons as we would like, but we might be a lot worse off. Anyway, it is said that the moral is to the physical as three is to one, and these weapons, although comparatively few, will, if handled
with DASH and DETERMINATION, be sufficient to hold the village of FENDIT for a long time and to make the invader think twice.
What is the best allocation of those men an weapons? First the men. These are ofvarious kinds, from quite young men to veterans of the last war.
Most of the latter will hardly be active enough for the fighting patrols, but are just the men to act as garrisons for the keeps while the more active ones are used as fighting patrols or mobile reserves.
If we allocate sixty men to garrison the keeps and have two fighting patrols of twenty-five men each, that ieaves forty, of whom fifteen will be required as lookouts on road blocks ana twenty-five will be in reserve.
The next point is: how shall we distribute the weapons? First the BROWNINGS. Probably the best place for these will be in Keeps nos.
1, 2, 3 and 4. Of the TOMMY-GUNS let us put four in Keep No.5 and give one to each FIGHTING
PATROL.
Reasons for this [distribution] are that Keep No.5 has the shortest field of fire; also, should the enemy break into to village there will be house-to-house fighting6 for the reserves, who will find the Tommy-guns just the tools required.
No.2 Keep is a good spot for the [mortars], as from it they can strafe vehicles on three roads.
I should put the FLAMETHROWERS at Road Block B in
the cellars of two houses so that they canpoop off from ground level.
Distribute the bombs, etc., amongst the keeps and roadblock guards, with some extra ones at No.4 Keep.
As you have only a few ANTI-
TANK MINES, they should be used to supplement the lighter Road Blocks E and F.
How Will Our Defenses Work?
T*here you have your defense scheme. When the long-expected Huns approach the village of FENDIT they will be wondering what sort of job you and I have made of the defense arrangements and hoping to surprise us.
The first indication of our activities will be when, without the least warning, a strong fighting patrol materializes from apparently nowhere and rushes in on them, veiling like fiends so suddenly that before they can do anything they feel the cold steel enter their vitals and realize too late that the soil they came to conquer they will remain to fertilize.
After that may come other much stronger bodies of the enemy, so strong that the fighting patrols cannot tackle them, but will have to retire to their keeps section by section,
The RESISTER
each riving the other covering fire.
Following the retiring patrols as closely as the dare, the Germans will come suddenly under close and accurate fire from the keeps, not one of which has fired a shot at long ranee, but has simply lain doggo waiting for the enemy to get so dose that every shot will tell.
Then there will be a lull while the i Nazis study our defenses with glasses, make their plans and possibly bring up some mortars and machine guns.
The battle will then commence in real earnest and two of three of the keeps may be attacked at once while parties of Germans will push forward, trying to find a weak spot. One party may make the mistake of approaching a keep in too weak strength and find to its cost that the garrison do not wait to be attacked, but rush out and get the first smack in.
Some of the enemy may even penetrate past the road blocks into the village, only to find that reserves issue from Keep No.5 and dodging round familiar entries and side streets, bump them off from their flanks and rear; even from roofs and windows, piling up the bloodstained gray corpses all over the place.
As they sling away and the fighting patrols are emerging from the keeps to harass their withdrawal, they will know the answer to their original question about the defenses of
FENDIT.
Rounding Off the Defense Scheme
Now having done the bulk of the work, let us round off our defense scheme by attending to a number of points which must not be overlooked if we are to complete a workmanlike job.
The Importance of theTime Factor
It is not generally realized how vastly important the time factor is in modern mechanized warfare, when mobile and armored units are maneuvering for position.
A check given to the head of a column proceeding across country will be magnified many times over.
Consequently, one village stubbornly denying the enemy’s passage may give our units time to arrive at the tactical oint and so influence a tremendous attle.
This I would impress upon you most emphatically so that you can make absolutely clear to your men that, although the situation may appear desperate and hopeless, it is still of use to FIGHT ON.
If every town and village in the country realizes this and, when the invader comes, fights and fights and FIGHTS, the result of their combined efforts will be decisive.
Liaise With Civil Authorities
Keep close touch with the head of the local Council, the Police, as well as the heads of the Electricity, Gas and Water Services. All these have a direct bearing on defensive measures. Remember, if your Home Guard comes into action you will be dependent on the CIVIL arrangements for the care of your wounded. Make friends with the W.V.S.:7 they will cook, provide comforts and do all sorts of things for your men. In war they will be an invaluable aid if you will enlist their interest and help now.
Get to know about FOOD supplies in the village. What they are, where they are, and who looks after them. Should the state of tension last some time you may be very glad of this information. Establish close touch with neighboring military and other units. Get to know their plans and coordinate your arrangements.
Acquaint yourself with the arrangements for preventing PETROL falling into the enemy’s hands, and as there are some large, flat fields, see that they are obstructed with stout posts, etc., because, good though your defense scheme may be, it is no use inviting attack.
Barbed Wire
See about plenty of entanglements, but always keep them under cover, along hedges, in ditches, etc. The enemy will probably do FENDIT the honor of talcing its photograph, and irresponsible wiring will tell him exactly where you intend to put your
men. Concertina wire should be distributed in various places ready to be rushed out on emergency. The details of engineer and other stores required, together with instructions in the building of defense works, siting of trenches, reinforcing of houses, etc., form too varied a subject to be dealt with here.
Communications
You may have very little signaling equipment, but do not worry about that. Amongst your men will be some old signalers: start them practicing at once and fix up flag and lamp com-1 munications between important I points. Be sure that all ranks have I plenty of practice in sending infor- I mation quickly and accurately. Study I means of communication between I yourself and neighboring units.
Tank Traps	I
A fewTANKTRAPS will be most I useful and rive everyone a great sense I of security.Pits covered over, streams I cunningly deepened, and all kinds of I obstacles can be devised without a I tremendous lot of work. [As always, I all obstacles should be booby-trapped, I observed at all times, and covered by I fire.]
Water
Water can often be utilized for defensive purposes; for instance, it appears from the map that it would be possible to partially dam the
RIVER BOOZE and WINDMILL HILL and so flood the marsh up to the lake. This would make the south side of the village very secure. Also it may be possible to use boats to patrol the river or to move reserves to surprise the enemy.
Shotguns
I have noticed a tendency amongst Home Guard to disparage shotguns in favor of rifles. This is a big mistake: a shotgun in the hands of one accustomed to using it, firing buckshot, is deadlier than a rifle a short
range, and ALL the shooting, whether by rifles or shotguns, SHOULD BE AT SHORT RANGES.
Training
Having decided on your defensive arrangements, the next thing is to train your men to carry them out efficiently. The training of fighting patrols is of endless interest and can be varied in lots of ways. House-to-house fighting is a study in itself and practice is absolutely essential if you are to avoid casualties and kill the invaders. Train your men to shoot accurately at close ranges [ambidextrously] both in daylight and DARKNESS.
Chronological Defense in Depth
And now, before we come to the end of what I feel has been a very sketchy outline of a complex subject, I should like to say a few words about something which has been on my mind lately.
We hear a lot about defense in depth and everyone agrees that it is an essential thing, but they all mean depth in the GEOGRAPHICAL sense — that is defense in terms of yards and miles.
I want to talk about depth in the
CHRONOLOGICAL sense — I
mean DEPTH IN TIME, in days
and weeks.
Suppose that in spite of our preparations and all the valiant work of the FENDIT Home Guard, the enemy brings up more and more men, breaks down the defenses and occupies the village. Is that going to be the end of the resistance put up by the FENDIT people?
Or are some hardy spirits amongst the villagers going to carry on the war against the uninvited guests every day, and particular every night, WEEK
IN, WEEK OUT?
HI say they are!
There will be many a splash in the waters of the River Booze when sentries disappear on dark nights. There will be unexpected stabbings and shootings ana fires and explosions galore till the enemy’s nerves are all awry and he gets increasingly powerless to hold the place.
But, in order to do this success-
fully, preparations should be made before the occupation. Little stores of weapons, cloths, explosives and food should be carefully hidden here and there, safe from damp and rats.These should be known to a very few selected men and the utmost secrecy observed.
Still, that is all by the way, and if your defense is properly carried out it is unlikely to arise.
So now for my last word. In all your preparations to repel the invader put yourself into his place. Use your imagination and say, “What will he do? How will he do it?” and the answers will never fail to give you the clue to a SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE.
NOTES:
1 Bloody fool.
2Wade is raising a critical point here. It is not enough to plan for the defense of one’s own home. One must have a tactical plan for the defense of one’s neighborhood — as in this article represented as the defense of “villages and small towns.” Individual houses are easily isolated and reduced one-by-one. Houses and other buildings must be an integral part of what is known as a “seamless web” defense.
Typical of the squabbling one witnesses among present-day so-called militia.
4Small Arms Ammunition.
5So-called militias would do well to pay particular attention here to the number of men needed to defend a 500 yard by 500 yard isolated “neighborhood.” As currently constituted, most self-appointed militias have the leadership, manpower and tactical skills sufficient to bushwhack the local postman.
*See: The Resister, Volume V, No.2, Spring 1999.
7Woman’s Volunteer Service.
=
Fact, Fiction, & Fraud
in Modern Medicine...
Readers of the RE SISTER may wish to stay abreast of the decline of medicine. Yes, there is a rapidly worsening state of affairs in Health care. As in the case of defense and the preparedness of the Armed Forces, Medicine is in decay. What are the facts? How is this coming about? Is the New-World-Order crowd responsible?
To stay in touch with these problems you need to subscribe to:
Fact, Fiction £sf Fraud in Modern Medicine by Thomas Dorman MD. This is the one newsletter which studies the relationship of Medicine to our culture and civilization. It takes one topic at a time, monthly. An in-depth study of the philosophy and science...
You will also find information on what has become called: ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE. It should really be called Hippocratic Medicine.
To subscribe:
Send $69.95 for one year; $127 for two years to:
Dorman Publications 216 Railroad Ave. N.
Hf	Kent, WA 98032
Inquiries by E mail to: tdorman@nwlink.com Visit our web site: http://www.dormanpub.com
Idaho Ob
server
Demanding Accountability
The editors, writers, supporters and contributors who make The Idaho Observer possible are all deeply concerned for the future of our country. America is in trouble because the people of this nation trusted their elected officials to protect their interests and then took a nap while those same officials abused that trust. Unless we as a free people wake up and take responsibility for preserving our Constitutional rights we will inevitably lose them.
Unlike the dominant media, which chooses to report the news through special interestfilters to guarantee our progressive and collective slide into socialistic slavery, The Idaho Observer reports news with the understanding that a truly free press is the only thing which stands between Americans and tyranny.
For a copy of The Idaho Observer; call (208)777-7888, or write: PO Box 1806. Post Falls, ID 83877 ($1 for postage appreciated but not required)
Email: obsarver@dml.nei http://www.prollberty.com/observ9r
Scott -Townsend Publishers
CLASSIC AND CONTEMPORARY BOOKS ON RACEAND ANTHROPOLOGY
Race, Intelligence and Bias in Academe, by Roger Pearson. $28.00
“The realities of the continuing effort to deny the significance of heredity in determining human abilities by Leftist ideologists”
The Philosophy of the Count de Gobineau, by G.M. Spring. $28.00
“Gobineau was an aristocrat who all his life fought the democratic lev-1 elling-trend. He reacted against eigh-1 teenth Century rationalism and its I abstract notion of man.”
The Great Sex Divide: A Study of Male-Female Differences, by Glenn Wilson. $14.00
“If the case for equality of treat-1 ment is made to rest upon an assump-1 tion of psychological identity, it will run the risk of rejection because of scientific disproof.”
($3.50 shipping and handling perl book)
For a catalog of all available titles, write:
Scott-Townsend Publishers PO Box 34070,
N.W. Washington, DC 20043 Tel (202) 371-2700 Fax (202) 371-1523
...I drew the tides of men into my bands, And wrote my will across the sky in stars. T.E. Lawrence
Books
If we advert to the nature ofrepublican government, we shall find that the censorial power is in thepeople over the government, and not in the government over thepeople.
James Madison, 1794
lewables
SOLDIERS OF GOD
M '	ty
SFC John S. Mosby
Soldiers Of God: White Supremacists And Their Holy War For America. Howard L. Bushart, John K. Craig and Myra Barnes, Ph.D. Kensington Books 850 Third Avenue, New York, New York. 10022 (www.kensingtonbooks.com) 1998. ISBN 1-57566-206-X. Hardcover, 280 pages, bibliography and index. $22.00. ($16.00 from Amazon.com)
The other day I was watching a film on one of those idiotic Jews and they said, you can’t win.’ Ladies and gentlemen. I’ve got a little book here. That book is the Holy Bible. That book says I can’t lose.
^Cadillac” John Thellin, in Soldiers Of God, page 33.
INTRODUCTION
During a conversation with our tyrannical editor, he made several points regarding “White Supremacy’’ and thephiloso-phy thereof. I queried SFC Barry on the various elements that comprise the racialist Right and the ideas that drive them. In the course of discussing theory and fact, he handed me a copy of Soldiers Of God: White Supremacists And Their Holy War For America. My first reaction was ambivalence. In other words, I was not interested in reading about those whom I had been told commit gratuitous violence against Negroes or others simply because of their race. As I was about to politely decline, he told me the authors had written an objective overview on the theology of Christian Identity. Although I am naturally skeptical of supposed “objective” reports, I read it; then reread it. Twenty four hours later I made my way to SFC Barry’s house and yelled (tongue in cheek), “You made me a hater!”
The authors, Howard L. Bushart,
ever, as explained, carefully and intelligently by Ministers of Christian Identity, the clarity of the dual creation struck me with all the subtlety of a baseball bat in the back of the head.
For instance, God did create “man” on the sixth day: “And God created man to his own image: to the image of God he created him: male and female he created them.” (Gen: 1:27.) God rested on the seventh day. Thereafter He created Adam;"... and there was not a man to till the earth. But a spring rose out of the earth, watering all the surface of the earth. And the Lord God formed man of the slime of the earth: and breathed into his face the breath of life, and man became a living soul.” (Gen:2:5-2:7.)
This argument, that there were two creations, one of “other” men and then Adam, is vital when Christian Identity members claim that those men created before '	Adam have no soul,
John P. Craig and Myra Barnes,
Ph.D., made, as SFC Barry claimed, about as “objective” a report as one can. Notwithstanding the occasional snide comments about some of the
groups being written The first religious Set-	then Adam, who
about, it was, as SFC -	•	*	was created after
Barry claimed, an tiers, tllC x UFltans, DC” these “others,” was
honest attempt to lieved almost exactly as created with soulr
todays Christian Identity believe regarding race.
explain Identity theology.
The authors conducted a detailed analysis of the myriad organizations that bring heart palpitations to so-called “civil rights” organizations. Soldiers Of God is a popularized exposition of a Biblical interpretation that is rapidly attracting new adherents away from mainstream Protestantism. And for good reason: The arguments of Christian Identity are compelling.
The first thing that caught my attention, and held it throughout the book, was the Identity explanation of Genesis. I admit I never paid much attention to the fact that there were two stories of Creation. How-
This is a major premise of Identity followers who, with conviction, uphold their belief that God created Whites as the superior race and all other men as lesser races.
This biblical belief of “White Supremacy” had its place in the very beginnings of New World colonization with the Puritans, in what has been known as “White Israel.” The first religious settlers, the Puritans, believed almost exactly as today’s Christian Identity believe regarding race. But even in Christian Identity, as in other Protestant sects, there is no concept universal to all.
There are two factions of Christian Identity. The more militant fac-
tion, “Seedline" Identity, clearly holds as one of its tenets the eventual apocalyptic battle with the Children of oatan (Jews), and those who comprise God’s chosen, the Aryans.1 Covenant Identity, less confrontational, and seemingly more “mainstream,” holds steady that Jews are the Children of Satan, but, nevertheless, believe that God commands the Christian to “leave them alone;” that He and His angels will take care of them. Covenant Identity rejects racial animosity. It believes that “all of Gods creations are good.”2
But it is the Jews that hold the ire of Christian Identity. In the chapter, Heirs to the Covenant, the authors painstakingly explain that Eve — when she was tricked or “beguiled” by Satan to eat fruit from the forbidden tree — was in fact seduced by Satan and impregnated with Satanic seed, thus giving birth to Cain, who, as we know, killed his brother Abel who, according to Identity theology, was from the seed of Adam.3 And here we find that Cain, when banished from his family, is marked by God so others may kill him. This point brings us to another crucial tenet of Identity theology: Where did these “other people” come from?
Identity theology clearly states that those who were created before Adam (those without souls), were the “other people” of the first creation. How Christians” have missed that point (myself included) is seen as the handiwork of the children of Satan (Jews).The Identity belief is that so-called “Judeo-Christianity* is a Jewish invented ruse, a device to distract White Christians from fully understanding their own place with God, thus preventing them from carrying out His wishes and implementing His law. In other words, the religion of the seed line of Satan, Judaism, has suborned and hopelessly corrupted the religion of the seed line of God, Christianity. Casual observance of the apostasy inherent in “ecumenism” with Jews and pagans gives weight to that argument.
God’s seed, as claimed by adherents of Identity theology, can be traced through Adam and his progeny through King David to his lineal de-scendent, Christ.4 And this “bloodline” is clearly defined and written for all to see without prejudice. It is here,
88
whether you are of Identity faith or not, that one sees the battle waged by Christ against the Pharisees (rabbinical Talmudism) in his attempt to rid God’s Temple of their demonic presence.
Clearly, and without question, Jesus identifies Jews as the Children of Satan. “Ye are of your father the devil. . . . He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him.
When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.”s Christ’s identification of Jews as the Children of Satan continues with His crucifixion; “...and he saith unto the Jews,
Behold your King!
But they cried out,
Away with Him, away with Him, crucify Him. Pilate saith unto themTj Shall I crucify your King? Their chief riests answered, “We have no king ut Caesar.”6 “Then answered all the people (Jews), His blood be on us, and on our children!*1 (Emphases added.) So it is here we see that Identity theology holds firm with the Bible: Jews are eternally damned for their murder of Christ by the acts of their Elders and the eternal curse they visited upon themselves and their children nearly two thousand years ago. This clearly shows that Jews are not the “chosen people,” and it is just as clear that the Covenant unquestionably resides in the Church of Christ.8 If you find yourself in agreement with this basic tenet, then it is the chapter that deals with The Chosen People: The Stone and the Throne that brings Christian Identity into focus.
The Stone of Scone
Jacob’s stone is central to the Identity message that Aryans are the true Israelites. Christian Identity herents follow the stone of Israel (Jacob) and its movement away from what is today known as the country Israel, all the way to Britain. It is here we see the connection between White Israel or British Israelism and Chris- |
tian Identity. When one looks up the words Brith-ain, the meaning is covenant land;” when we see Isaac’s sons’s; l-saac's sons, we see “Saxons”i and when we see Cellt or kellt, we see the ancient knife stone used to circumcise Aryan babies; “therefore, Celtic refers to ‘the circumcised people.’9
This stone, known today as the Stone of Scone or the Coronation Stone, has been lying in the British Isles since the sixth century B.C. The kings of Ireland received their coronation upon Jacob’s stone from around 600 years before the birth of Christ until about 500AD. It subse-uently moved to cotland for the coronations of the kings of “the race of Ere” (Fergus Mor McErc, the first Scottish King, brother of Muircheartach, King of Ireland),10 where it stayed until removed to London from Scone Abbey in 1296 by Edward I (“Longshanks”) after he proclaimed John Balliol the successor to the Scottish throne.11 Robert Bruce’s protest to Pope Boniface VIII, the “Declaration of Arbroath,” also known as Scotland’s Declaration of Independence, contains the passage, “Most Holy Father and Lord, we know and from the chronicles and books of the ancients we find that among other famous nations our own, the Scots... journeyed from Greater Scythia by way of the Tyrrhenian Sea and the Pillars of Hercules, and dwelt for a long course of time in Spain...Thence they came, twelve hundred years after the people of Israel crossed the Red Sea, to their home in the west where they still live today....”
In 1953, Queen Elizabeth II was crowned upon this same stone. Furthermore, it is genetically accurate that the British Royal family is the same bloodline as the House of David. Still disbelieving? Every monarch, on the way to coronation, passes under the west window of Westminster Abbey with its figures of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, the twelve patriarchs and Moses prominently
Vol. V, No. 3
Jews are eternally damned for their murder of Christ by the acts of their Elders and the eternal curse they visited upon themselves and their children nearly two thousand years ago.
displayed. “ It’s hard to imagine how people can be so ignorant of this connection to Israel... [t]he lineage has been common knowledge for centuries and taught from the pulpit for centuries....The Caucasian peoples of Europe are the descendants of the Israel of the Bible. British Israelism is not the proper term for it... [Ajctually, it’s just Christianity;’’ claims Dr. E. Raymond Capt.12 To most Identity adherents it is not difficult to understand how this knowledge was suppressed. They see the willful obfuscation of the truth as a deliberate attempt by Jews to prevent God’s true Chosen People from attaining what is rightfully theirs. Recently, the Stone has been removed back to Scotland. Some have theorized that it is in its final resting spot, still others believe that it is a sign that England is not the Kingdom of Israel Nothing about the Stone conveys any message about the United States and thus there is no explanation regarding its connection with Christian Identity.13 Nevertheless, there is enough evidence to warrant the serious consideration that the Stone does in fact demonstrate that the true Israelites are those who comprise the Caucasian race. In fact, it seems almost overwhelming.
The authors have carefully linked other “White Supremacist” groups, most notably the KKK, Aryan Nations and Skinheads, together through a common religious belief.
One of the motives of the authors was to put a “face” on some of those groups that have been long misunderstood. I am speaking of the Ku Klux Klan. Our authors, while not writing exhaustively about all Klan organizations, nevertheless portray those who are featured in a cfear, cogent and understanding light. It is dear that the Klan, at least the White Camellia Klan featured in Soldiers of God, have a sound, factual, religious base that speaks for their actions. After seeing how the Klan has been portrayed in the media for the last forty years, I find that quite surprising. I now empathize with what motivates the Klan (at least the White Camellia Klan in Texas) to protest integration and further federal intervention in that regard. A deep religious belief drives them to protest.
Moreover, the authors took great
pains to carefully explain certain Klan functions which have at best been misinterpreted, at worst deliberately misrepresented. An example would be that the Klan does not “burn” crosses, the Klan lights crosses (it is the light of God calling His people together). That was news to me. The authors also made a point of showing how far the Klan goes not to incite violence (although, at times, the Klan understands what it calls “righteous violence”), and how they have been portrayed in the movies.14 In all, regarding the Klan, the authors were fair in their treatment.
Aryan Nations, however, while written about fairly, cannot boast of the same understanding. Not because the authors intended to be mali-^ cious, but the fact that Aryan Nation members as well as their Pastor (Richard Butler), made more than passing reference to Hitler and their affection for him. Hitler, no matter who you speak to, will always provoke emotion one way or another.
CONCLUSION
I found this book to be fascinating. The fact that I have read the book four times now should be a clue. My review concentrated on the three most important aspects that would grip and hold the readers attention (Creation, the crucifixion of Christ and the Stone of Jacob). Knowing full well the overwhelming majority of our readers are practicing Christians, it was important to give you all a compelling reason to purchase a book of such controversial nature. Also, book reviews normally contain very few quotes, however, those quotes I cited help put the meaning of “White Supremacy'’ in a much needed religious and historical context. Just as important, I realize all too well that our reader-ship is not made up of “country club conservatives;” that most have precious little money to waste on gambles. It is in this vein that when The Resister reviews a book, we do it as a signal for our readers to pur-
chase a copy to gain either insight or education on a particular subject.This is one book that every person should read regardless of one’s views on such a controversial subject.
NOTES
’The word “Aryan” has come to be synonymous with “Nazis” or those who allegedly believe in the “genocide” of other races. Nothing can be further from the truth. The word “Aryan” originates from the Sanskrit “arya” or “noble” and is properly used to describe descendants of early speakers of Indo-European language. Currently, it does include all those who comprise the Caucasian race (pan-Aryanism).
2E. Raymond Capt, biblical archeologist and adherent to Covenant theology. Page 41.
3“Eve,” in ancient Hebrew, means “life-giver.”This meaning intoned by Identity means that only those born from this “bloodline” can be endowed with soul. All others (those born from Cain’s seedline) are of Satan, thus the two forces of good and evil are forever at war.These, and other doctrines as espoused by Christian Identity, can further explored by ordering the American Institute of Theology Bible Study guide from Kingdom Identity Ministries, PO Box 1021, Harrison, AK 72602.^
4[Editor’s note: Immediate objections are raised that David was a Jew, therefore Jesus, his lineal descendant, was also a Jew. Wrong. David was an Israelite of the Hebrew (i.e. Torah) faith. Jews, according to their own encyclopedia, are Pharisees — damned by Christ — who elevate their Babylonian Talmud (rabbinical “law”— i.e. Judaism) above the Torah (God’s law). The Talmud itself, and therefore Judaism, is an encyclopedia on the rabbinical art of relativistic quibbling, the results of which always find favor on behalf of the most degenerate quibbling rabbi cited. Do you want to engage in incest? Murder? Theft? Rape? Psedophillia? Sodomy? Bestiality? Lying? Cheat-
One of the motives of the authors was to put a “face” on some of those groups that have been long misunderstood.
Soldiers of God is wrong. [SMB] 12Bushart, et al, Soldiers of God, page 62.
°3The connection is the original Anglo-Saxon-Celt, and later Germanic and Nordic ancestry of America’s colonizers. [Editor]
14Take the movie A Time To Kill where two white men allegedly rape a 10 year old Negro femaleTThe Klan stated that anyone who rapes a child — especially a Negro child — would be dealt with by the Klan. As for sex and Negroes, the Klan states they are adamant about no race-mixing. The film is Hollywood’s version of the Klan.
The Stumbling Block
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
ing? Blasphemy? Peijury? (Ad nauseam.) Become a Jew. There is a justifying quibble in the Talmud written just for you. SMB.]
5 Vos expatre diabolo estis et desideria patris vestri vultis facere ille homicida eratab initio et in veritate non stetit quia non est veritas in eo cum loquitur mendacium ex propriis loquitur quia mendax est et pater eius. iou are of your father the devil: and the desires of your father you will do. He was a murderer from the beginning: and he stood not in the truth, because truth is not in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father thereof.” (John 8:44, D-R)
6Erat autem par a sc evepaschae hora I quasi sexta et dicitludaeis ecce rex vester; tlli autem clamabant tolle tolle crucifige eum dixit eis Pilatus regem vestrum crucifigam responderunt pontifices non babemus regem nisi Caesarem. “And it was the parasceve of the pasch, about the sixth hour: and he saith to the Jews: Behold your king. But they cried out: Away with him: Away with him: Crucify him. Pilate saith to them: shall I crucify your king? The chief priests answered: We have no king but Caesar.” (John 19:14-15, D-
R)
nEt respondens universus populus dixit sanguis ex us super nos et sitperfilios nostros. And the whole people answering, said: His blood be upon us and upon our children.” (Matthew
27:25, D-R)
**[I]t remains clear that after the time of Christ, the true Church could not continue to exist without the form riven by Christ.Therefore, no one can belong to the true Church of God, who is outside the Church of Christ.” The New Catholic Dictionary, {Nihil obstat John J. Wynne, S.J., S.T.D., Censor deputatus\ Imprimatur, XPatrick Cardinal Hayes, Archbishop ofNew York), New York,The Universal Knowledge Foundation, 1929. Page 214.
9Bushart, et al, Soldiers of God, p. 61. [Editor's note: The is no evidence that the stone ax fragments, or chips, known as “celts” to 18th century archeologists, were ever used for circumcision, nor, indeed, that circumcision was ever practiced by Celtic peoples. SMB]
10Ibid, page 62.
nThe account given on page 71 in
Seedline Identity holds that the race of Cain is the product of Eve being sexually seduced by the Serpent (Satan), therefore the race of Cain (Jews) are inherently evil. This version of the Fall originates in the Jewish Cabala “...where it is said that Adam, after other abominable practices, cohabits with female devils whilst Eve consoled herself with male devils, so that whole races of demons were born into the world.
Eve is also accused of cohabiting with the Serpent (Zohar, treatise Bereschith, folio 54).” [Nesta Webster,
Secret Societies & Subversive Movements, reprint of 1924 edition, page 34.] This version of the Fall is also recounted in the Talmud. This Kabbalistic and Talmudic version is also a central tenant of Gnosticism,
Manechism, and Johannism; the Templars (and by extension Masonry), and Luciferians (the Paulicians, Cathari and Bogmils); all of which were (and still are) Jew invented and inspired attempts to subvert and pervert Christianity, with which Jews have been at war since its inception. They were all, without exception, declared heresies by the Church. It is noteworthy that the purpose of the Inquisition was to purge the Church of Jewish Cabalistic and Talmudic influences being expounded by Jewish “converts,” and the late Middle Ages and Renaissance suppression of the Jews resulted in the flowering ofWestern (read Christian) civilization, and that Jewish “emancipation” following the Reformation and (Jewish-Masonic
It is noteworthy that the purpose of die Inquisition was to purge the Church of Jewish Cabalistic and Talmudic influences... and that Jewish “emancipation” following the Reformation and (Jewish-Masonic inspired) French Revolution has resulted in nothing but degeneracy...
90
Vol. V, No. 3
inspired) French Revolution has resulted in nothing but degeneracy, collectivism and the devolution of Christian civilization into Dark Ages anarchy and squalor.
The Douay-Reims Bible, clearly referring to Cain, reads; Adam vero cognovit Havam uxorem suam quae concef> it et peperit Cain dicens possedi hominemper Dominum: “And Adam knew Eve his wife; who conceived and brought forth Cain, saying: I have gotten a man through God.” (Gen:4:l.) This unequivocally contradicts the Seedline Identity identification of the race of Cain as satanic in origin. Now, I am an historian, not a theologian. So I called Pastor James Wickstrom, pastor for Posse Comi-tatus, for clarification of the Seedline Identity belief in the satanic origins of the race of Cain. He said, “There are over 20,000 mis-translations in the Douay-Reims Bible.” (Telephone conversation, 07 August 1999.)
That statement seemingly arises from “original language” adherents, some of whom go to the extent of learning ancient Hebrew, classical Greek and Aramaic in order to read the Bible in its original languages. Just one problem; today those are dead languages that, as a result, have lost vernacular “life.” The Douay-Reims Bible, however, is the work of a body of scholars who were fluent in those languages, including their vernacular, as well as fluent in Latin (which is not a dead language). There is in the Douay-Reims therefore, what intelligence analysts call “consistency within the document,” something entirely lacking in the myriad Protestant versions of the Bible, all of which require “interpretations” of God’s Word. Protestantism—which was financed and encouraged (and occasionally led — Calvin was a Jew) by Jews for the expressed purpose of causing schism in the Church — is an oral tradition. (See: Pauline Zingleman, Catholics, Protestants and the Bible,The Neumann Press, 1995.) Protestants claim the Bible is iner-rant when it supports their oral traditions, but needs diffuse “interpretation” to bring it in line with whatever oral tradition is extant within whichever sect when it does not. Thus in response to my questioning Cain’s satanic seedline, Pastor Wickstrom faxed me a copy of “The
Great Two Seedline Controversy War In Identity,” distributed by Clifton A. Emahiser’s Teaching Ministries. (1012 N. Vine Street, Fostoria, OH 44830; 419-435-2886.) This leaflet specifically addresses Genesis 4:1, which Seedline Indentity justifiably recognizes as Mi potential unhinging of their theology. (Although I do not understand why. Cain’s murder of Abel, lying to God, and then quibbling with God (talk about Chutzpah!) about the consequences, is sufficient to damn his
about the “Watchers (fallen angels) who were before the flood...,” who had the ability to change their form into men, lusting after women who then “gave birth to giants.” “This passage,” he continues, “also serves as a paradigm or model, after the fact, of what happened previously involving the satanic seduction of Eve in the garden of Eden.” He leaves the other trees, “pleasant to behold” and “the tree of life,” in a state of vegetable matter because anthropomorphizing the other trees does not help his argument.
Pastor Emahiser introduces other contextual inconsistencies of word meaning. In Hebrew, we are told, “eat” can mean eat or “to lay with” (i.e., sexual connotations). Also, he informs us, in Hebrew the word “touch” can mean touch or uto have sexual intercourse.” (Original emphasis.) Therefore, according to Pastor Emahiser s interpretation by inconsistent contexts, referring to God’s commandment to Adam, “And he commanded him, saying: Of every tree of paradise thou shalt eat: But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat. For in what day soever thou shalt eat of it, thou shalt die the death” (Gen. 2:16-17, D-R), Pastor Emahiser is telling us that Adam could eat (literally) *Of every tree in paradise,” but he could not have sex (“eat”) with the “’tree’ (Satan embodied) of knowledge of good and evil.”
If Pastor Emahiser recognized the inconsistency of his shifting context interpretation (which must be extended homosexual^ back to pre-Eve if it is to be consistent), he either ignored it, or expects his readers to ignore it. He writes, “If one cannot separate the literal language from the idiomatic language of the Scriptures, one simply cannot understand the Bible.” I understand my literal Catholic Douay-Reims; I do not understand Pastor Emahiser’s idiomatic oral tradition layering in of Jewish blasphemies. If accepting Pastor Emahiser’s oral tradition interpretation prepara-
race eternally without resort to the Jewish blasphemies of the Cabala and Talmud; both of which, following the Seedline logic, issued from Cain’s own generations.)
To summarize Pastor Emahiser’s argument, Genesis 4:1 doesn’t mean what it says, which is consistent with the Protes-| tant oral tradition. To explain away Genesis 4:1 requires an “interpretation” of the Fall in Genesis preceding it by introducing inconsistencies of word meanings, even though the words are used in the same context. In ancient Hebrew “tree” can mean tree, or man. Therefore, in this specific instance, Eden was “...a paradise of pleasure from the beginning: wherein he placed man whom he had formed. And the Lord God brought forth of the ground all manner of trees, fair to behold, and pleasant to eat of: the tree of life also in the midst of paradise: and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.” (Gen. 2:8-9, D-R.) Pastor Emahiser, interpreting the three types of trees says, “We have to look for something here that has knowledge of good and evil,” because if we don’t his interpretation falls apart. He has thereby anthropomorphized (a pagan practice) the tree “of knowledge of good and evil,” by substituting “hasr(i.e., possessing) for “of” (i.e., containing) in scripture, and posits that Satan himself was the “tree” “having” knowledge of good and evil. His support for this argument is a passage from The Lost Books of the Bible and the Forgotten Books of Eden, “Testament of Reuben,” 2:16-19,
Pastor Emahiser is telling us that Adam could eat (literally) “Of every tree in paradise,” but he could not have sex (“eat”) with the “’tree’ (Satan embodied) of knowledge of good and evil.”
ton' to the Foil at face value renders his argument incomprehensible, then continuing to accept his derivative interpretation ofGenesis 4:1 delivers us into the realm of the fantastic.
Genesis 4:1, according to Pastor Emahiser, is “one of the most misunderstood single passages of Scripture in the entire Biole.” Merely reading it as Revealed Truth causes us to “skip over it so quickly, we will never grasp its correct meaning.” All other instances of the word “knew" in the Old Testament result in begetting, except^ according to Pastor Emahiser, in tne case of Cain in Genesis 4:1. “In most cases,” we are informed, “the logical conclusion that Cain was the son of Adam would be a proper one, but not vntb this verse' (Emphasis added.) To prove it he provides a sequence of events that, of necessity, assumes Eve touched” (i.e. had sex with) and ate the fruit of the “tree* (Satan embodied) of knowledge of good and evil. “Adam’s knowing Eve," we are thus told, “had nothing to do with the birth of Cain... The conceiving in this verse had absolutely nothing to do with the bearing.” (Emphasis added.) In other words, “knowing" results in begetting everyplace in the Old Testament, except where it is inconvenient for Pastor Emahiser s interpretation. We are then invited to read Genesis 4:1 “in a pew light...”
This “new light” reads,“And Adam
knew Eve his wife--------and (she
next) bare Cain, and said, I have gotten my first (male child), a man to resent to Yahweh as first borne." To elp us through this interpretation, Pastor Emahiser admits, “I have changed the words a little (sic!) to make the meaning eminently more evident..." Let’s see just how “more evident” Pastor Emahiser’s “little” changes (including parenthetical commentary) render*tne meaning" of Genesis 4:1. From the Douay-Reims, “And Adam knew Eve his wife; who conceived and brought forth Cain, saying: I have gotten a man through God. And from the Protestant Scofield (1909), “And Adam knew Eve bis wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the Lord ” One of Pastor Emahiser’s “little* changes was to omit entirely* who conceived,* or “and she conceived,” which dearly in the unchanged texts is the non-interpreted
The RESISTER
consequence of Adam knowing Eve. Eve, according to Pastor Emahiser, has not “gotten a man through God,” or "gotten a man through the Lord” (i.e., Adam, because only Adam was
teaching office of the Church...” The Catholic Encyclopedia Dictionary, 1929), if the Jew-induced theological anarchy within Protestantism (including post-Vatican II “Catholic”
created in the image of God; Eve was created as his help), she Eve, according to Pas-
merely issues a man . t*__	l
to present to tor Emahiser, has not
Yahweh....” The “gotten a man through
question why Eve, if God,” or “gotten a we accept Pastor	,	°	L ,
Emahiser’s version, man through the
would present her Lord” (i.e., Adam, be-
ciueoplyAd™™ instead of to Satan created m the image of (direct lineage), he God; Eve was created
wisely avoids.	i	•	• « \	«	,
He does, however, ?S hls jjelP)> she merely address objections issues “a man to present
that the Seedline	to Yahweh....^he
Identity version of the	. « «	.-
Fall is Talmudic (he question why Eve, if
forgot the Cabala) in we accept Pastor orig w “This Is 1 Emahiser’s version,
sneaky deceptive	,,	t 9
method used by	would present her
many, to declare guilt Satan's spawn, Cain, to
by association. The i / ^	_____\ •
question must be Godi asked: is every single Stead of to Satan (di~
™?rdinTthf Jalmud rect lineage), he wisely
false?” I think the	6	/i	J
question that must be	avoids.
asked is: Why should
neo-Protestants) is any indicator.
The above criticism is not “guilt by association." Christian Identity does not need to construct their theology on the Jewish mysticism of the Cabala to support their claim that Jews are the enemy of Christianity.
Christians trust anything in the violently anti-Christian, blasphemous and pornographic Talmud? Are Christians expected to accept that everything in the Talmud is evil, ex-cept those portions that support the Seedline Identity interpretation of Genesis — an account written by the very descendants of the race of Cain (Jews) who Seedline Identity claims are the spawn of Satan and therefore inherently Evil? Why, then, would priests of the race of Cain tell the truth about the Fall, but lie about everything else? This again brings up the point about Protestantism being an oral tradition whose Biblical “truths” are “interpreted” according to the beliefs of any random evangelist. The Protestant oral tradition of “interpretation* is suspiciously akin to Talmudic quibbling. This is not surprising, given that Protestantism is a Jewish invention, deliberately bereft of any pretense of Magesterium (“...the
Vol. V, No. 3
COMPLY! SUBMIT! SURRENDER!
Film Review: American History X
by
Bettina McCann
Introduction
One of the greatest intellectual fallacies of this so-called patriot movement is the notion that individuals can resist and survive the concerted and coordinated attacks on both the White race and their Anglo-Saxon heritage by minority tribes and gangs. No White European culture or society has ever survived close contact with the colored races, and racial admixture has always resulted in the disintegration ofWhite culture and civilization into the degeneracy of the lesser races’ barbarism. In the past that process took centuries as caste and admixture taboos eroded,1 but that was before our enemies gained control of motion pictures and television. We are told that “somehow” the blurring of races and cultures creates a “diverse” society where everybody loves on another. That’s a lie of course, but you are forbidden to notice. If Whites do begin to develop racial solidarity they are branded as “intolerant,” ^bigoted,” “prejudiced,” “racist,” and, ultimately, “Nazi.”The idea is to beat you down.
It is significant that in American History X any expression of White racial solidarity is gratuitously and universally depicted as nazi in origin and expression. You are expected to feel (the purpose of movies is to appeal to emotions, not thought) that if you express any sentiments ofWhite racial solidarity you are a “nazi,” and if you oppose the incursion of other races into your neighborhood along with the crime and squalor that travels with them, you are a “hater.” That theme pervades every scene in the movie, leaving the viewer with the impression that White supremacy is a nazi invention. This, despite mil-
lennia of White superiority and domination over every Colored race, culture or civilization they came in contact with. But that was before Whites became “tolerant;” before they swallowed the	^_
Orwellianesque bromide, ^Unity is Di- Never mind that if the
VtTAmerican History Negroes hadn’t been
A is a sophisticated there to begin with,
propaganda piece, the problem of getting 1 ne techmque of the \	,	°	°
them to behave
Great Lie is to repeat
the bufflehead local Negro or Mestizo menace. Unfortunately,American History Xs depiction of skinhead “culture” is fairly accurate. Having adopted ritual scarring, earsplitting random noise called “music,” unintelligible screaming called “lyrics,” and body slamming called “dance,” skinheads have debased themselves to the level of Africans. Basically, they are harmless for that reason. If skinheads were truly serious, they wouldn’t act like barbarians. Historically, continents of barbarians and savages have been conquered by small numbers of Whites who did not mimic the culture they were conquering. We are expected to believe that restoring order in our neighbor-____hoods is “somehow” a different proposition.
One significant detail in American History AT is that when the skinheads get the upper hand over a Negro gang,
a simple propaganda wouldn’t have existed, the Negro gang
theme over and over,| through as many media as possible, for as long as it takes to “stick” in the target audience’s mind. The propaganda theme is not intended for intelligent audiences who will have the intellectual honesty to find out for themselves whether the propaganda theme is true or not, it is specifically designed to appeal to the mob who will just sit there, drool, and uncritically absorb it. What is American History Xs theme? Whites are evil, inherently racist, Negro and Mestizo criminal behavior is the result of a lack of “opportunity,” only nazis oppose “multiculturalism,” and only enlightened Negroes can save Whites from themselves. (Nevermind that enlightened Negroes cannot even save their own race from itself.)
The vehicle for the anti-White propaganda theme is skinheads, who are portrayed as a not-too-smart, undisciplined and poorly organized version of the Sturmabteilung. The Negro gangs are implied to be a reaction to the skinheads which, as anybody who is even remotely familiar with the skinhead “movement” knows, is a complete inversion of reality. Skinhead gangs form in reaction to
members retaliatory violence is depicted as “justified” because they were “disrespected.” Your sympathies are expected to fly to the “oppressed” Negroes. Never mind that if the Negroes hadn’t been there to begin with, the problem of getting them to behave wouldn’t have existed.
SFC Steven M. Barry,USA (Ret.)
American History X
They Never Stop
H
ollywood has visited another of their contrived, schizophrenic, anti-White male, anti-Western Civilization creations on Pavlov’s target audience--the av-
erage American movie goer. In 1950, Joseph Stalin remarked, “If I could control the movies, I could rule the world.” The Jews beat him to it. Like drug dealers, they are pushing visual narcotics designed to implant a false view of reality in order to change your behavior and control your thoughts. So what else is new? Nothing. But for you propaganda buffs, American History X is the work of professionals.
me KJLaiai r,k
American History X tells the story of the Vineyard brothers, Derek (Edward Norton) and Danny (Edward Furlong), and their involvement in a Skinhead gang in Venice Beach, California. I am a second generation Californian. Venice Beach has been, since at least the 1950s, a hotbed of Leftist radicalism. So I found it more than curious that it would be used as a location for a movie about “White supremacy." Until I thought about it. Venice Beach is one of those alleged “diverse" paradises, teeming with Mestizos, Negroes and trendy freaks who defy description, who have driven away any Whites who could afford to flee. In that context, a skinhead gang in Venice Beach would make sense.
The oldest brother, Derek, becomes a skinhead after his fireman father is murdered by a Negro druggie while putting out a fire at a crack house in a Negro slum. Although Dereks father is shown only briefly toward the end of the film, his was the pivotal scene that defined the propaganda theme. That theme (as teaching tolerance” and the Justice Departments kiddie web page continually remind us) was, “Hate begins at home," specifically, around the dinner table (symbol of family unity), the scene of the two most explicit “racist” discussions in the film. Family unity, racial identity being merely an extension, is depicted as a breeding ground of “hate.
Young, pre-skinhead, “tolerant” Derek is extolling the virtues of his “two Ph.D.s” Negro teacher and discussing his “Black literature” reading assignment and book report that is due. His “intolerant” father questions the appropriateness of replacing “great books for Black books," and warns young Derek against taking his reading assignments too seriously. In the span of this short scene, Derek’s father turns him into a “doubter."The seeds of evil are planted. Oh! The inhumanity! When his father is murdered by Negroes, Derek, his mind already poisoned by “White supremacy at the dinner table, becomes a “hater." Worse, now as head of the family Derek has influence over Danny, who, idolizing Derek, follows him into skinhead wickedness. ■ The mastermind and purveyor of
“hate" in the movie is Cameron Alexander (Stacey Keach), middle-aged leader of the skinhead gang. His lieutenant is Derek (we are not told how Derek became his lieutenant), who recruits young whites who are getting just a little fed up with being beaten up by Negro and Mestizo gangs, and who want to take back their neighborhood from the Colored menace. In one of the first scenes we are treated to a White student being beaten in a school rest room by three “troubled youths.” ____ Negroes assaulting
Derek is an intelligent, charismatic, articulate and strong willed man who is the acknowledged popular leader of the skinheads. To depict his character as a skinhead, like all the others in the movie, he has a multitude of Nazi style tattoos, most prominent (so you are never without the image of skinheads as nazis) is the huge swastika on his chest. Derek is not only articulate (he delivers some fine speeches throughout the film) he transform his beliefs into action. In a __ turf war over a basketball court in
Whites is not consid- In 1950, Joseph Stalin Venice Beach, Derek
ered “hate" in Amen- remarked, “If I COuld challeng» a Negr° can History X.	-	-	.	TI
They’ve been “op- control the movies, 1 pressed,” you see, and could rule the World.”
we are somehow expected to believe that Whites have it coming.	—
I attended an inte-
f rated school in Southern California.
was not being glib when I said “the Colored menace.” Integrated public school rest rooms in Southern California are extremely dangerous places. While “teachers^ are blubbering about “diversity” and “tolerance, White kids are getting beaten, stabbed, robbed, or crippled for life by “troubled youths in the rest rooms. A friend of mine had her head smashed against the wall in the rest room by a pack of animals, leaving her a cripple. Why? She was White. That’s it. No other reason.
And it’s no different in American History X. While the heroic dual Ph.D. Negro principal is lecturing young Danny about his unspeakably evil “civil rights leader” report about Adolph Hitler, “troubled youths” were mugging White kids in his school’s rest rooms. Perfectly normal. And when young Danny walks in on a rest room mugging and stands up to the “troubled youths,” that sets the stage for the play within the play — revenge by the Negro menace for being “disrespected.” “You have to stand up to them,” Danny tells the mugging victim. Intolerable! The movie’s message is to submit, comply, stay on the floor and be beaten. Ana that point is driven home in the last scene when Danny is murdered by the “disrespected” “troubled youtn."
The Jews beat him to it.
gang for permanent control of the court. The skinheads win the basketball game and the Negroes may never play on that ' in	court	again.	That	just
shows you how evil Whites are. They keep what they conquer. However, if the Negroes had won, that would have been called “social justice.”
The Negro gang takes their revenge by coming armed to the Vinyard home that evening. They attempt to steal Derek’s truck. They are discovered and Derek, appropriately, kills | two of them. Oppression! Derek is H sentenced to three years in prison for voluntary manslaughter.This sentence I seems a little contrived, given the ' obvious “hate” involved, but the plot has to move quickly so all the Whites can become lovers of “diversity While Derek is away in Prison, Danny tries to pick up where Derek left off, but he really doesn’t measure up. Danny is a follower, not a leader, and his character is suspiciously effeminate. Not faggy by any means, just, well, not manly in that young man sort of way. Sensitive. His “White supremacy” is affected, not inherent. Definitely a product of public education, and being reared by women. Able to be rescued from his wayward White supremacist ways, given enough time (about 45 minutes of reel time) and attention by the caring dual Ph.D. Negro principal, who also saves” Derek (about 3 minutes reel time) in prison so he may be later turned loose to inflict “tolerance” upon the skinheads.
men built. So here we have a Negro and a Jew passing judgment and trying to figuring out how to punish a young White man for being a young White man because he rejects their brainwash and defies their attempted de-| struction of nis mind
siruiuuii ui ilia iiiiiiu rri	uj*	)J	,	*1
and spirit. To drive Those dlverse tnbes
the knife of humilia- we are told to worship, tion deeper into this scrape and grovel to
really do hate us. I say an(j controlled. What we hate them back — is SO different about
young White man, he is forced to comply with the threat of being expelled from school if he does not
Negro. Of course, that message wasn’t intended for Negroes.
Whites are daily ordered to surrender to deracination. During the expansion of the frontier, when Indians attacked Whites,
.....	we	mercilessly
slaughtered them and herded their few survivors onto reservations where they could be contained
and soon — before	reco.T!rm§ ou,r
1	» i	neighborhoods and
tolerance renders	cities? Those “di-
tribes we are to worship,
come to the Negro
principal’s office for Whites extinct. We're verse
indoctrination and .11 •______1	. ,1	told to worsmp,
brainwashing not so talking about the SUf- scrape and ^ £
cleverly disguised as vival 01 OUr race here, really do hate us. I say
a history lesson — folks. Them or US. I we hate t^iem bac* “American History	* «	*	— and soon — be-
X.” (You are expected	CUOOSe	US.	fore “tolerance” ren-
to feel that “American
history” is spelled, “Malcolm.”)
Touched By a N egro
——— ders Whites extinct. Were talking about the survival of our race here, folks. Them or us. I choose us.
NOTES:
The Rarefied Atmosphere of Degradation
On the day Derek is released from prison, Danny is called into the Venice Beach High School principle’s office (Dr. Sweeny, our dual Ph.D. savant) following a complaint from Danny’s English teacher, Mr. Murry (a Liberal Jew — I was shocked). The reason is the above mentioned unspeakably evil report. Mr. Murry, outraged that Danny’s “out of the ‘box’” thought that Hitler was a German civil rights leader undermined his assignment on Civil Rights, demands that Mr. Sweeny ^do something.” (Not explained is why “civil rights” are be-ingtaught in an English class.)
There is an argument between the two. Mr. Murry cannot stand for it; “it goes too far!” he pleads to Mr. Sweeny. You just know if Danny had written a report about Karl Marx or rabbi Steven Wise, everything would have been kosher. Dr. Sweeny tells Mr. Murry that he thinks Danny can be saved from preternatural White evil. “I will not give up on him yet,” he threatens. Danny is confronted and threatened with expulsion if he does not report to Mr. Sweeny’s office once a day for a private “current affairs” history lesson (while other White kids are getting mugged by “troubled youths” in the rest room), which he calls “American History X.” Danny’s first assignment is to write a report on his brother Derek. One gets the feeling that is some sort of profoundly clever, educational and therapeutic process for Danny to see the errors of being a “racist” and a “hater.” However, its not that clever. What it is, is a standard brainwashing technique called “criticism/self-criticism.”
This scene is the height of degradation. First, you have a White male student who is being reprimanded by a Jew and punished by a Negro for exercising independence of thought; something “Liberals” demand until they get control of means of expressing independence of thought. The subject of Danny’s civil rights report was supposed to be about someone or something that “empowers” minorities to displace White men and destroy the civilization that White
HI ow did White men ever as-Icend through history to ac I complish all they did — conceiving and building great civilizations brimming with literature, art, music and inventions — without the Negro Savior? Don’t ask Hollywood. According to “them” the Negro is morally superior, so “they” put Negroes in positions of authority over White men, and have been doing so for decades in TV as well as in film. Negroes are depicted as having some sort of special, keen, hip insight that serves as an anchor for the fumbling, misguided White male. American History Xgoes that extra mile by giving the misguided Vinyard brothers two (!) guardian angels. Their redemption is nurtured and guided by these Negro Saviors. Without the patience and understanding of the Negro, skinheads Derek and Danny could never have had their shadowy thought crimes illuminated by “Liberal” light. Danny is killed by a Ne-
So in the last scene, but never mind.
anny’s death was due to “hate,” not the Negro who pulls the trigger.
“Hate is baggage,” quothDanny moments before he is lulled by the
Tor an excellent historical overview of this process, see: Earnest Sevier Cox, White America, Noontide Press, Los Angeles, California. 1966 reprint of 193/ special edition. Unfortunately, this singular work is out of print. The Resister is exploring the possibility of reprinting it.
The reason I put White supremacy in quotations is because, as our editorial tyrant once pointed out, “‘White’juxtaposed with ‘supremacy’ is a redundancy.”
SELLING OUT AMERICA FOR CASH
Think About It
by
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
Year of the Rat, by Edward Timperlake and William C.Triplett II, Regnery, Washington, DC, 1998, hardcover $24.95
In the traditional Chinese twelve-year cycle, 1996 was “the year of the rat." And there were a startling number or rats at large in the corridors of power! In 1996, years of collaboration between Chinese interests and the Clinton-Gore administration came to fruition when millions of dollars for “campaign expenses** bought the propaganda which resulted in re-election.
Hence the book’s subtitle, “How Bill Clinton Compromised U.S. Security for Cash.” This disgraceful, ongoing process cannot fail to endanger this and future generations of Americans. Authors Timperlake and Triplett are career national security and intelligence staffers who have worked primarily for Congress. Not to mince words, the authors “unravel the web of deceit and follow the dirty money to the gambling dens, brothels, and Com-L munist Chinese intelligence operations of East Asia, exposing the betrayal of America by the White House."
Journalist Jim Pate noted, in his own review of this book, that the burning alive of eighty-two people at Waco was “playing" on the White House TV sets as President Clinton dickered with his Red Chinese donors. The president’s inattention to detail led to him conclude that a mass suicide was involved.
With the fantastic aid of the Clinton-Gore administration, the Peoples Liberation Army is being converted from a 19th Century mass-
infantry army into a 21st Century military force. It already threatens Taiwan and its mainland Asian neighbors. But we must now realize that our President and his allies have made it possible for Chinese missiles to strike portions of the United States.
As we discover more clearly almost every day, technology leakage became a gushing stream once Bill and his Chinese buddies came to town. The Beijing government has been delighted to discover that Americas president plays Oriental rules of bribery! As one example, a Chinese agent landing in Los Angeles calmly declared to Customs that he was carrying $175,000 in U.S. cash; two days later he was in the White House.
This is the seething mass of corruption in which Attorney General Janet Reno finds no “clear and convincing" evidence of“willful” criminal action, while the House of Representatives ponders the follies of Lewinsky. Thus we are invited to snicker over Monica while the whole nation is sold out the back door of the White House.
Year of the Rat is a tough book to absorb, but on page 219 you will find a simplified chart. It demonstrates that the lines of communication between the Chinese communists and the White House are both numerous and remarkably short. Very few moving parts are needed. Some may have been interrupted, but all parties are motivated, clever and resourceful.
...the lines of communication between the Chinese communists and the White House are both numerous and remarkably short.
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
I get reams of MK ULTRA stuff. Honestly, I don’t know what to make of it all. And I don’t know what I’m expected to do with that information. Push a button and make it stop?
A recent sample is an ad for a book called Thanks For the Memories, “From a Top-Level Mind-Control Slave of the Global Elite."
Authoress and victim Brice Taylor’s mind is supposedly no longer controlled because her book graphically describes the “hidden mechanisms used to control America,” which she exposes as the “Elite’s plan to precipitate global chaos....
This plan is to unfold through the vehicle of “presidential sexpionage” because her perpetually bruised knees prove she was a “human robot with a photographic memory.” (A generation ago, Thanks For the Memories would have been a porno “novel.”) But God’s hand descended from Heaven and plucked her from the pit of “presidential sexpionage.”
I gather that one morning she blinked herself awake, yawned, stretched, and suddenly realized that she was a victim of CIA mind control and decided to write a “riveting and explosive 350-page book” about it.
Just one problem. If she is an MK ULTRA subject, how are we to know that her book isn’t part of her programming?
THE NEO-CON CON
Two Reviews by Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
Backfire: A Reporter’s Look at Affirmative Action by Bob Zelnick, Regnery, Washington, 1996, hardcover. S27.50.
The Shadow University: The Betrayal of Liberty on American Campuses by Alan Kors and Harvey Silverglate, Free Press, New York, 1998, hardcover. $27.50.
Bob Zelnick is a television news reporter, Alan Kors is a professor of history, and Harvey Silverglate is a lawyer. Zelnick seems to come across as a liberal saddened by a policy seemingly gone wrong. Kors is a neo-con, and Silverglate s place on the spectrum is unknown.
What’s a neo-con? Neo-conservatives are not always, but tend to be Jews who were socialists. Although late-comers to “conservativism,” they are more than keen to define conservatism. They like “big government,” and they police the views of others with regard to Israel. Neo-cons carefully ignore those who were “right” before they pushed themselves to the head of the parade. The are particularly adept at smearing and financially starving “paleo-cons.
Some Jewish neo-cons have been jolted by the discovery that, in terms of “affirmative action,” they are considered white! When their protests about being an especially privileged brand of honlty are ignored, often they (alone) are allowed into print with their complaints.
Both of these books are very useful sources of detail on the outrages engendered by affirmative action and the thought police, monstrous institutions created by the American liberal Establishment. Zelnicks Backfire details the manner in which the heads of Fortune 500 corporations support “affirmative action. The big boys can swallow the resultant inefficiencies and injustices, as long as their smaller competitors are being wiped out by them. Zelnick might note that most of the CEOs he mentions are members of the Council on Foreign Relations. They have their own plans for
the United States and the world.
The Shadow University was read more recently, and it is also more within my area of knowledge, the field of higher edu- ■ cation. What the reader will encounter is a series of brainwashing atrocity-stories at one institution after another. The effect is no less totalitarian than what is imposed, through military discipline, upon our armed forces.
In fact, it often seems more pervasive, the difference perhaps being that the armed forces must take time out now and then to train for other things, while for p oliticafly- correct colleges and universities, “Brainwashing RUs.” It is Job Number One. It begins the moment “fresh-persons” set foot on campus, it sets out to wrench from young minds any competing views or values. At the worst of institutions, it leaves no thought or expression unexamined, uncriticized or uncensored. The system is completely and unashamedly “partisan”—the party line” is not the main thing, it’s the only thing.
Both books, by tne way, use Cornell University in Ithaca, New
York, as horrible examples. As a journalist I wrote about the “conquest” of Cornell by armed blacks in 1969.The imported, academically unqualified blacks had the street-smarts to realize that they were there to radicalize the university. This was confirmed by the public groveling of Cornell Presi-dentjames Perkins.
Perkins was a CFR member, like the presidents of the other “prestige” universities who blocked all resistance. Surrender to the radicals, black and white, was policy. As if to prove it, 25 years later these same blacks actually created the James A. Perkins Prize for Interracial Understanding and Harmony, with Perkins personally on hand to grovel anew. It was policy; it is policy.
The tactics of the academic zampolit are no different than they were in “the old country.” Brazen unfairness is the unifying theme. Truth is irrelevant, there are no protections for the accused, no recourse either. Penalties are harsh, involving not merely loss of income and/or osition, but public umiliation, self-criticism, required “community service” and “reeducation.” Liberal-run institutions take perverse pride in setting up internal bureaucracies full of ignorant and petty commissars.
Every now and then a liberal is caught in the gears, if that is any consolation to the rest of us. The truly sad thing is that a generation of students are growing up to think this is normal.
What's a neo-con? Neo-conservatives are not always, but tend to be Jews who were socialists. Although latecomers to “conservativism,” they are more than keen to define conservatism. They like “big government,” and they police the views of others with regard to Israel. Neo-cons carefully ignore those who were “right” before they pushed themselves to the head of the parade. The are particularly adept at smearing and financially starving “paleo-cons.”
me	r,iv
THE YELLOW PERIL
by
Dr. Frederic N. Smith
Chinese Intelligence Operations, by Nicholas Eftimiades. Newcomb Publishers, Inc., 4812 Fairfax Dr, Arlington, VA 22203-1510. End notes, bibliography, index. Paper, 174 pages. ISBN 0-9649531-2-9. $15.00.
The Author, Nicholas Eftimiades, is a veteran of intelligence work with the Central Intelligence Agency, the Department of State, and the Defense Intelligence Agency. He is also an officer in the Naval Reserve.
He is one of a very small number of such experts available to our government and intelligence agencies; whereas at any one time there may be 40,000 students from the People* Republic of China in colleges and universities scattered all over America.
His book is a primer, as the title
indicates, on Chinese _________________
Intelligence Operations
intelligence operations against the United States have become so intrusive that senior U.S. law enforcement officials have publicly identified China as ‘the most active foreign power engaged in the illegal acquisition of American technology.” Millions of Chinese live abroad. Thousands enter the United States each year for study. They are watched closely by Chinese agents in the United States and Canada. If students do not toe the line, pressure is brought to bear; remember that they all have families living in China. Appendix II (English translation) dis-cusses the PRC strategy and thinking
PRC considers vital that the average J?	Until	American	doesn’t	un-
the Berlin Wall fell	,	,
the PRC thought it	derstand.
necessary to make a huge investment in
against the United China, right now, is a in £is regard^*
States and other tar- ,	«	,	Readers	familiar
get nations that the huge security problem with the “former”
Soviet KGB and the Cuban DGI will see that the PRC has the standard intelligence 1 ■ 1 ■' ' organization of a Communist nation, and a chapter is allocated for every major division — i.e., Minister of State Security, Military Intelligence Department and the Ministry ofPub-lic Security.
The Chinese do have problems, though. One is that they talk too much to their friends ana compromise secrets. Another is that they are so bogged down with red tape that distribution of important information is not received in a timely fashion. However, sheer volume of effort on their part yields results — much to the detriment of the United States.
China, right now, is a huge security problem that the average American doesn’t understand. But he will if
knowing what the “former” USSR might do against China. Now that the major part of that threat has disappeared (some would say that “threat” never existed), the PkC is looking outward and building its armed forces in order to spread its influence.
China, being a large country with a huge population of 1.2 billion people has, first and foremost, a tremendous internal security problem, requiring vast population control resources on the part of the government Just to follow and report on each American visitor to China taxes their internal security apparatus.
The author points out the huge effort by the PRC to steal our technology. As Eftimaides states: “PRC
he reads this book.
VoL V, No. 3
STANDING ALONE
by
Leslie Bates
Target Switzerland: Swiss Armed Neutrality in World War II. Stephen P. Halbrook. Sarpedon Publishers, Rockville Centre,NY, 1998. ISBN 1-885119-53-4. $25.00.
We have been treated to the sorry spectacle of Menshevik Senator A1 D’Amato extorting money from the Swiss to pay for Jewish votes that were ultimately cast for Bolshevik Jew, Charles ochumer. The World Jewish Congress has also come forth with both hands grabbing for a modern version of Danegeld — perhaps now more appropriately named “Judengeld.”
In his preface to Target Switzerland, Halbrook wrote:
Much has been made in recent years of what are described as Swiss accommodations to Germany during World War II, particularly in banking practices. These accommodations — a direct, if regrettable, consequence of encirclement — merit serious and detailed treatment. The media focus on international banking transactions, however, has resulted in a distortion of the historical record that misrepresents the true Swiss experience during the war. The extraordinary and courageous efforts of the Swiss military to prevent invasion and preserve a haven in which individual rights were protected, and in which thousands of refugees and escaped prisoners of war found respite in the midst of the savagery of World War II and the Holocaust, have been ignored or forgotten.
Halbrook’s account of the Swiss resistance to Hitler’s “New Order” contradicts the central premise of the World Jewish Conference’s Judengeld extortion scam, which is that Switzerland was not invaded and conquered by National Socialist Germany because the Swiss were willing to fence gold and other property stolen
from Jews and other victims of the Nazis.
Halbrook starts with a summary of
the history of the Because of their open
determination to resist
irom its origin as a t .
defensive alliance of Hitlers New Order ,
three independent the Swiss in general
cantons, their resis- t	.%• ° .	%
tance to invasion by have nothlng to be numerous medieval ashamed of and much despots — to the to proud of. In a sane
conquest of the Swiss	. o .
at the hands of world the SWISS gOV“
Bonaparte (which ernment would have ultimately brought told the World Jewish
about the creation or ^	'
the present system of OongreSS to shut up
and quit behaving like their stereotype.
defense) — up to 1933.The account of period of from 1933
to the end of the war......... "
in Europe details not only the material preparations, but also the practice of ^Spiritual National Defense.”
Unlike in the United States, collectivist organizations connected to both the Nazis and Communists were actively (and justifiably) suppressed in Switzerland. Demands by would-be Quislings for the centralization of state power in the hands of a single “Leader” were rejected out of hand. And traitors who actively spied for the Nazis were imprisoned and in some cases taken out and (justifiably) shot.
Throughout his account, Halbrook shows the streams of rhetorical venom flowing in both directions between the Swiss and the Nazis. Reichsminister Gdbbels constantly complained that the Swiss were bought out by the Jews. Gdbbels
also moaned about how the Swiss press was not “truly neutral”, which in plain English meant that the Swiss were openly critical of National Socialism and the so-called “New Order”.
Halbrook also points out the contrast between the Swiss — who severely limited the authority of their federal government, and as nationalists were prepared to fight to the death
—	and other nations whose political elite surrendered with little or no resistance. (Such cowardice is not uniquely European. At a question and answer period two years ago in Minneapolis, “Objectivist” lecturer Harry Binswanger said in response to a question on resistance to the present
-	gang	of tyrants, “No,
I think that’s a horrible idea... were going to be all killed.”)
Because of their open determination to resist Hitler’s “New Order”, the Swiss in general have nothing to be ashamed of and much to proud of. In a sane world the Swiss government would have told the World Jewish Congress to shut up and quit behaving like their stereotype.
AMERICA
Land of the Sheep, Home of the Knave
Advertisement Review
HKL	hy
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Soundview Executive Book Summaries, 23 Pond Lane, Middlebury, VT 05753. S89.50 per year.
identifying themes from the works they cannot read. So the “authors” of Cliff Notes tell them what to think.
And now that the 1970s decades Dewey Camp refugees are entering executive positions in corporations, consistent with their “education,” they require Cliff Note style newsletters for their professional reading.
Who selects the “year’s 30 best” books, and whose “sound view” of them are executives getting? Executives don’t care. Somebody else is doing their reading for them and them telling them what to think. Easy!
They’re giving our top corporate executives “the confidence that only such a broad scope of [Soundview s] knowledge can provide.” Just like in “school!”
Occasionally, I torture myself by accepting some periodical’s “Limited Time Offer.” That usually consists of “Three Free Issues!” They promise to “bill you later.”
When the bill arrives I scrawl “cancel” across it, as instructed, with a Big Fat Black Magic Marker. It’s not like I am wanting for information. Lord knows, the weekly burn-pile illuminates at least a half-mile radius and is relied upon as a homing beacon by weekend revelers in my neck of the woods.
So when The Economist inflicted their “Limited Time Offer” on me I submitted meekly, figuring if they could waste their money sending me “Three Free Issues” I could at least be courteous enough to not disappoint them.
After all, I was one of a “select few” who had an “abiding interest in what makes our global economy move.” The first two unread issues perished on the bum pile. However, in one of my rare moments of mental idleness, I carelessly flipped open a copy before I could burn it and found a most remarkable advertisement that my right hand managed to rip free from the binding even as my left hand was tossing the now mutilated screed into the flames.
“Problem,” it begins. “So many great business books. So little time.
They mean time to read them.
After all, the ad I tells us, over “1200 important books” are written for executives every year (!), and we all know executives are too busy to read.
“Solution,” it continues. “Read less and learn more.” (!)
“Subscribe to Soundview Executive Book Summaries.”
Get it? Sound... view.
“Our experienced editors make it easy for you — after reviewing all the newly published books they select the years 30 best.” Then they distill them in an “8-page powerpack summary” and all for only $90per year.
Think of Soundview Executive Book Summaries as Cliff Notes for executives. Or, more chilling, “Speed Learn” of The Prisoner fame.
Cliff Notes are those distilled and sterilized great works of literature regularfy plagiarized by students writing reports because they are too illiterate to read, their cognition has been mangled by “progressive” government approved ^education” in the female-run Dewey Camps, and they are incapable of extracting ideas or
Who selects the “year’s 30 best” books, and whose “sound view” of them are executives getting? Executives don’t care. Somebody else is doing their reading for them and them telling them what to think. Easy!
100
Vol. V, No. 3
Has America Become Too
Politically Correct? ft	It’s	Worse	Than	You	Think!
The long anticipated German-content English-language historical trilogy, “Lebensraum!”, is here - a three-volume, quality paperback historical novel tracing the lives of two German families who fought each other in two vicious wars - both victims of political indoctrination. In this sensational and gripping story, based on personal experience and extensive historical research, the reader experiences Czarist and Soviet Russia, World War I, the Depression, and the dramatic Stalin-Hitler times that ended in the tragic trek of 1944-45 as German farmers left their heritage in Russia - ironically deserted by America, protected by the Wehrmacht.
Says author Dr. Ingrid Rimland, a California-based, award-winning ethnic novelist and author of a previous ethnic novel, “The Wanderers”:
Book I: “A Passion for Land and Peace” Germans pioneer in Russia and America 512 pp, $ 25 Book II: “The Theft of Land and Peace” Germans lose their heritage in Russia and America 464 pp, $25 Book IB: “The Dream of Land and Peace” World War 0 as seen through the eyes of Germans struggling on two continents, against their will caught in a fratricidal war 576 pp, $25
“An estimated 60 million Germans and German-descendants live in America. These people's social, cultural, industrial and financial contributions to this country have been phenomenal! More than any other ethnic group, hardworking German immigrants have helped to lay the foundation for the incredibly dynamic power house that America eventually became.
“ Yet today, this ethnic group lives quietly, eyes to the ground, its loyalties questioned, intimidated and maligned, in permanent defensive retreat. Where is their ethnic pride? What happened to their folkish spirit? Why are they forced into spiritual submission? Their sense of history is like an unkempt garden
“I know that readers will accept a non-traditional version of World War II if it is sensitively treated and made acceptable artistically. We Germans and Germ an-Ameri -cans have a history that is a proud, accomplished history depicting kind, productive, honest people. Why should our children be ashamed? There is no need to be ashamed. The younger generations have been taught to see the past through other people's hostile eyes. We need to say. ‘My parents were German. My grandparents were German. . and feel that sense of pride again. The groveling must stop!
“That is what ‘Lebensraum!* is going to accomplish!”
News Flash: Hundreds of review- and prepublication copies of this ethnic trilogy, published March 31,1998, were seized at the border by Canada Customs, a branch of Revenue Canada, only two weeks later. The author was never notified of this confiscation, nor was her publisher. This theft of intellectual property, belonging to an American citizen, will be challenged legally with the assistance of the California-based Institute for Historical Review and the Canadian Association for Free Expression. Order your copies today!
Ingrid Rimland, Ed.D.
6965 El Candno Real, # 105-588, La Costa, CA 92009-4195 Fax: 760-929-2268