These so-called governments are in reality only great bands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert. Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to be truefy so, must be right in itself;
yet many things have obtained the name of rights, which are originally founded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
ER
PUBLISHED QUARTERLY BY
John R Zenger Press, Ltd.
$10.00
Publisher John Peter Zengcr Managing Editor SPC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Sutan L.M. Hack, PhD.;
Cntnhirint Editvn Dr. Gerald Atkinson, CDR, USN (Ret.); LCDR James Lawrence, USN (Ret.); Martin Lather, Officer of Marines; SFC John S. Mosby;
Zebuion B.Vance

Rixmb Department Fisk Research Associates; McCann Research Associates;
lUustmM Michael Paul; McClinton
Advertising & Marketing
Peter Yarborough
Kevin L. Jamison Distribution Sandy Brighton
ISSN: 1099-9140
The Resister is published quarterly by Special Forces Underground and John P. Zenger Press. Address correspondence to: Boxholder, PO Box 35046, Fayetteville, North Carolina 28303, U.S.A. Subscription price: U.S., $35.00; Foreign, 8US50.00; Library, $100.00 per year. Single copy; $10.00. The editor will consider unsolicited material, but is not obligated to acknowledge receipt or to return manuscripts. Any contributor who is not notified by The Resister within 90 days after submitting a manuscript may assume that The Resister is unable to publish the material. Copyright 6 1999 by The Resister. All rights reserved. Requests to reprint or republish any article in this issue, by any means or method now known, or invented in the future, must be submitted in writting to the publisher.
Statement of Editorial Policy
The philosophy of The Rattier is strainstfor-mn) Individual rights, strict constitutional construction. limited government. Nationalism, lanhnomaa. fandom of enlerpnsc, and republican-ian; in short, the principles upon which America was founded We oppose staosm, socialism, col* lectivian, altruism, international inn, democracy, md the United Nations, in ritort, the ideologies of dJ tyrannies
Our philosophical framework is Arinotelean (the rational morality of self interest Life). Our political philosophy is grounded in the works of Ihc Framers of die Constitution (government as am-wmt, not mtalm -Liberty) Our economic philosophy is \msauAmtt enterprise (the origin of Inis rights Property)
Our goal is Ifae restoration of the Constitution' d Republic ns origmdly designed md conceived hy Ms Founders
These so-called governments are in reality only great hands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert. Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to be truely so, must be right in itself 9 many things have obtained he name of rights, which are originally/banded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
TM
Volume V	Winter 1999	Number 1
CONTENTS
FEATURES
Correspondence	03
Editorials & Commentaries	13
Three Letters	11
America’s Death By 1000 Cuts	22
Horror Quotes	35
Commentaries From Readers	40
Obituaries	44
Periodic Intelligence Report	47
Books & Reviewables
Quartermasters Hate Soldiers	89
The Siege	97
The ANTIFEDERALIST
The Great Commanitarian Hoax
Jerri Lynn Ball	57
Out Military Has Survived Worse Crises...
Dr. Gerald Atkinson	70
The PARTISAN
Defense of Houses
Colonel G.A. Wade, M.C.	75
Lectures on Defeating Sensors
SFC F.D. Godman	83
Ethical Decision Game	85
The RESISTER
America’s 30 Years War
Who is Winning?
by
Balint Vazsonyi
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
New From Resister Books
Mr. Vazsonyi has condensed in a single volume the most articulate, succinct, and candid description of how America is being destroyed from within that I’ve read in years. When he points at something and says, that’s the work of Communists, you had better pay attention—he’s “been there.”
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Vazsonyi takes by the horns a problem which tends to paralyze the thinking, such as it is, and all action by “nice” people. He calls liberals communists. And he will prove it to you. Liberals spout the same doctrines, use the same tactics, claim the same fine-sounding goals, and in their hearts, aim for the same evil objective — total power.
Dr. Susan L. M. Huck
BLUE RIDGE MILITARY ACAD EMY
A PLACE TO LEARN AND GROW”
The National Education Association controlled public school system in the US is in shambles. Blue Ridge enrolls young men who will both enjoy and prosper in a well structured instructional environment.
We accept boys ages 7-16 who are in good health and are well adjusted socially, but who may have a history of failure, minor behavior or learning problems.
Research and our experience indicates that many young people with symptoms of Attention Deficit Disorder do best in environments that arc structured and predictable.
Please contact:
Blue Ridge Military Academy 14809 Hays Rd. Shady Hills, FL 34610
or call 813-856-4597	______________
Vol. V, No. 1
The RESISTER
The law perverted! ...The law, I say, not only turned fhm its proper purpose but mode to follow and entirely tontrmy purpose!
Frederic Bastiat
Corr
As usurpation is the exercise of power which another hath a right to, so tyranny is the exercise of power beyond right, which nobody can have a right to. John Locke, 1681
ence
A Letter From the Editor
Enemies Domestic
Several new military readers have written asking that The Resister, aside from chronicling America’s destruction by our nation’s enemies domestic, juxtapose the Framer’s and Founder’s original intent against that willful destruction. Lack of such fundamental knowledge about one’s nation’s originally intended form of government is not, I suppose, the readers’ fault. Consider that a senior class in a North Carolina high school, after “studying” the Constitution for two weeks, universally failed a 1950 voter literacy test consisting of ten questions. They, and local newspaper editors, were outraged of course. Not that the seniors were brainwashed with Communist drivel, but that objective, literal questions about the Constitution were “culturally biased” and therefore intended to prevent Negroes from voting. Which speaks volumes about what government education “teaches” regarding the Constitution. So, for those soldiers who are new to The Resister, the following works are recommended reading if you want to keep abreast of The Resister’s anti-Communist, anti-democracy, anti-multicultural editorial position.
Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations (New York, Alfred A Knopf, 1991).
Frederic Bastiat, The Law (The Foundation for Economic Education, Inc., Irvington-on-Hudson, New York, 10533)
William Rawle ,A View of the Constitution (Old South Books, PO Box 46, Simsboro, LA 71275)
Clarence B. Carson, Basic American Government (American Textbook Committee, Route 1, Box 13, Wadley, AL 36276)
The Library of America, The Debate on the Constitution: Volume I and Volume II (New York, Viking Press, 1993)	_____________
Jack®?n Turner j know, I know; this is
Main, The Anti-fed-	*	. 9
eralists (New York, the Information Age.
W.W. Norton & <§0 far, I’m not im-
Lompany, 1974)
pressed.
Balint Vazsonyi,	M
America's 30 Years War (Washington, Regnery Press,
1998)
Jared Taylor, Paved With Good Intentions (New York, Carrol & Graf Publishers, Inc. 1992)
Michael Levin, Why Race Matters (Westport, Preager, 1997)
That’s a good start, and will firmly ground the soldier in the founding principles of American government, while shedding light on what, precisely, the enlistment oath, “defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic,” really means.
So, young soldiers, save your beer money for a month or two and educate yourselves. America’s real enemies are, and always have been, domestic.
I Hate Computers
T
here is a tradition in The Resister’s editorial office. Whenever 1 need the computer the most something goes wrong
with it, or with the printer; or with one of the do-dads or gim-cracks that are supposed to make life easier. The notion that computers make your life easier is a lie, naturally. They easily triple the amount of work one actually does.
My “A” drive just went the way of the dodo. Precisely when I needed it, of course. That wasn’t good enough. As soon as I installed a new “A” drive, the <®!#%#%& printer crapped out! I am convinced com-puters exist to amuse those who have nothing better to do with their lives than service them. When my computer invariably spazes-out, my first impulse is to shoot it. Mrs. Barry thinks that is extreme. Dr. Huck reminds me, “They sense fear, you know.” Mrs. Barry does not use a computer. Dr. Huck still uses DOS. (Sigh.)
I know, I know; this is the Information Age. So far, I’m not impressed. Take that most vile and loathsome of all things computerized, that hell called World Wide Web. What started out as a means of passing international text messages has become the realm of the zombie-vision generation who must be entertained their every waking moment. When I’m searching for information I do not want pictures, cute little comets or spinning globes telling me “it” is loading, pulsating advertisements, or “links* to sites I’m not interested in that contain more of the same “entertainment.” Besides, I can walk into a (not yet "modernized”) library, rifle the card catalogue and be on my way to the stacks long before a remote web site "loads* ana begins vandalizing my machine for "cookies." Why anybody would want to squander hours "surfing" for infor-
3
mation about anything on what amounts to television utterly eludes me. From what little I’ve seen of the web the quality of the information! there is in inverse proportion to its | quantity.
Then, there’s e-mail. E-mail is computer purgatory. Remember when letter writing was actually pleasurable, and one spent maybe one or two quiet afternoons a week answering correspondence? Just try waiting a week to answer an e-mail! It seems that if you don’t waste the better part of a morning responding to every message addressed to you personalty you’ll be swamped with urgent pleas by late afternoon wanting to know why you didn’t respond.
Worse, far worse, are attachments. What on earth possesses people to assume I'll enjoy wasting my time watting for a “download” (God, I hate computer jibber), that I’m not even| remotely interested in, of the latest picture or sound file they found while they were drooling before their 17 inch flickering god? Such things always seem to arrive accompanied by the threat, “You’ll love this!” No, I won't!
1 delete jokes too. Think about it. There realty are people who spend die majority of their free time “surfing” for jokes, which they then maliciously inffict upon others by e-maiL They’re “sharing” you see.
Hu anyone else noticed that the Anarchnet gives voice to people no sane man would otherwise pay the remotest heed to? For some unfathomable reason people forward postings from their favorite news croups to me — but only when they know they are out of rifle range. Anything I get that has ak.misc in the header gets deleted. Usenet should be renamed “Cretin-net." The reason most people post to the cretin-net is because no sane publisher would print anything they had to say. Do 1 need to mention “chat rooms?” Ask yourself; what sort of pathetic loser would gush his personal me through a stream of electrons to another pathetic loser doing the same?
You'd think that with all the red-hair, freckle faced, four eyed, pug nose, buck toothed, chinless, pencil-oeckf out there fomeom would have pulled their pocket protector out of their Fourth-Point-of-Contact and
invented a Universal Operating System. But no; that would have been too convenient. It’s much better to
have a half-dozen incompatible operating systems. Each one is tiie Best, naturally.
Personally, I liked DOS. It worked. But it wasn’t “user friendly.” Which
bones through their noses. A library full of books, and they’re “surfing the web” for information that is a diUn
--------------steps away-bound.
I mean, why should
When 1 need to go to Dewey Camp refil-the library I take my
notepad and fountain they can drool while t» i i_ • /v i lurching their mouse pen. Purple hair freaks pointer toward flick-
means f)ewey Camp clicking away at the ering hieroglyphs? refugees didn’t have u. c	<	•	i	n	(Sigh.)	There	is
enough pictures to information highway not enough rope....
make sense of it. snicker at that while	I’moflito squander
Macintosh took care . .	-	^	some inherently
of that, and Wiping the muCUS Olt worthless, unconsti-
Microsoft carried it to its logical conclusion. Dewey Camp refugees are more comfortable with hieroglyphs. I use NT 4.0 out of nothing but sheer desperation because there is no publishing software for DOS. Of course, my printers use Macintosh. I was told early on to worship at the altar of Macintosh. However, I am suspicious of cargo cults. I sorely miss my manual Royal.
Monopolies are not inherently evil Take for example AT&T. When AT&T had a monopoly on America’s telephone system (which, incidentally, AT&T created), we had simply the best, lowest cost, and most efficient telephone system in the world. The Justice Department—always on the prowl looking to destroy something that is inherently good—fixed that. Now second-rate “services” squabble over the government created spoils of something AT &T’s government created “competitors” couldn’t have invented. That is called today, “free market.” A little over a hundred yean ago it was called “looting.” Now the Ministry of Economic Justice is out to destroy Microsoft. In the name of “competition.”
Never mind that universal compatibility of computers would be a boon to everyone who used them. No, we “need” “competition”—as defined by those whiners who couldn't compete with Microsoft. Monopoly is Bad,! thus smith Marx.
When I need to go to the library I take my notepad and fountain pen. Purple hair freaks clicking away at the "information highway snicker at that while wiping the mucus off the
the bones through their noses.
tutional Greenspan-Scrip on a new printer. With any luck, Y2K will end the madness.
There Are Days...
W
hen I just want to let my shoulders droop, my spine Isag, drop my head, and say, ]“I surrender. Those are called Mail Day. Mail Day is not a day of joy in the editorial offices. Mail Day usually begins with (historically unproven) reasonable expectations, and always, as I reach the middle of the stack, ends up with me muttering to myself, “What fresh hell is this?”
I try to make things easy. I really do. Like renewals. If you’re at the end of your subscription your last issue will have a renewal letter tipped in. That is called an “indicator. The Resister is a quarterly, and I’m a patient man. So I don’t consider it unreasonable for renewal notices to drift in any time between quarterly mailings. What I can’t fathom is renewal letters being returned with margin notes asking, “When does my subscription expire?” Then, there are complaints. The vast majority of complaints are along the lines of “Where’s my issue!”? Almost always, the complaint is received within a week after the issue has been mailed. I call those Overcome By Events. On rare occasions I make a mistake and somebody foils through the cracks. When that happens I
drop everything and correct the mistake on the spot. However, the freshest of hells is when somebody subscribes, the^issue is returned as
“undeliverable,” and weeks later I get
ing “too white” and “too conserva-__________ tive.”
And lest anybody presume I preach only to the converted, the last week of October 19981 was invited as a guest speaker for a “women’s studies” course at George
Let’s see; our “secret right-wing military group” stands for strict constitutional construction, freedom of enterprise, individual Washington Univer-liberty, .ad miiumdist republican government. Yes, I can see where that might frighten the Jewish Communists, egalitarians, and totalitarian of the ADL citing. (See: Periodic , cnT p	Intelligence Report
and ot L#v^.	in this issue.)
“Women in the Military: Go Home and Clean Something.” They had never met an unreconstructed white male who dared open defiance to their aganda. So it was ex-
a letter from the same “undeliverable” address wanting to know, “Where’s my issue?” It’s sitting in the returned stack, fool!
Remember, the United States Post Office has a viciously malignant affirmative action hiring policy. If you address your mail to “Z” after you’ve filled out a postal card with “ Y” as recipient, some affirmative action hire is going to start drooling uncontrollably when she makes a futile attempt to juxtapose name and address. It’s easier for her to stamp “undeliverable” on the envelope.
Back to renewals. (Have you guessed yet, that the now traditional Mail Torment part of “Letter From the Editor” is written on Mail Day?) For three issues nowThe Resister has included a subscription blank tip in. That is for passing out to friends and acquaintances, it’s not a renewal notice. Although I certainly appreciate renewals from some subscribers seemingly every other issue, it’s quite unnecessary (yes, those are credited to future issues). When your subscription is up you’ll get a renewal letter.
Public Engagements
Last year I was invited to speak before several organizations regarding the destruction being wreaked upon the Army by egalitarians, internationalists and population control freaks. My first official public speaking engagement was at the American Renaissance conference. It was a distinct honor to be invited to speak before so august a gathering.
Of course, the ADL’s front organization, Southern Poverty Law Center, didn’t think the AR conference was so august. Their description of the AR conference warned the stupid people who listen to them and send them money, “More than 200 people attended the conference dedicated to the theme * Why is Race the Problem That Will Not Go Away?’ and hosted bywhite separatist author Jared Taylor a American Renaissance magazine. Speakers and attendees advanced ideas like the forced repatriation of ‘genetically inferior* minorities, harsh pro-European immigration reform and aggressive resegregation as an intellectual plat-
form for white nationalism.” Histri-J onics aside, that was an accurate enough description. I don’t understand what SPLC is so upset about.
Your editor received honorable mention from the enemy:	“Other
speakers included...
Stephen (sic) Barry, editor of The Resister, billed as the “political warfare journal” of a secret right-wing military group.”
Two things are obvious here. First,
SPLC didn’t have anybody at the conference, or they’d have seen me walking around and mingling with a name tag that read, “Steven Barry.”
They got their misspelling from the flyer announcing the event. Second] like all Communists, they are fright-| ened to death at the prospect of the existence of a “secret right-wing military group.”That phrase gives you the feeling of (shudder!) “right-wing death squad,” doesn’t it? Let’s see; our “secret right-wing military group” stands for strict constitutional construction, freedom of enterprise, individual liberty, and minimalist republican government. Yes, I can see where that might frighten the Jewish Communists, egalitarians, and totalitarians of the ADL and SPLC.
Next I was invited to speak at the People Opposed to Government Oppression conference in York, Pennsylvania. The topic of the conference was Law Enforcement 2000, my subject was the militarization of police and the military’s involvement at Waco. I was also invited to be a speaker at the American Nationalist Union (ANU) conference in Cleveland, Ohio. As the name implies, the ANU is a coalition of several organizations that promote a variety of na-tionalist causes ranging from reversing immigration to withdrawal from the United Nations. I spoke about the recent “liberal” hand-wringing regarding the military be-
Article Delay
Part two of the article, “Commissars: The Army’s Political Officers,” has been moved to the Spring 1999 issue. The reason is due to two letters I received following the last issue. Those letters forced a clarification of editorial policy I had planned on letting develop naturally over several issues. I could have responded to both letters privately; indeed that is how both published responses began. But, I don’t have the time to spend days writing letters. When I write anything over 1000 words it’s for The Resister. As both letters petitioned clarification of editorial policy, and therefore deserved detailed responses, the editorial, “Three Letters,” should leave no doubts where The Resister takes its editorial stand on the issues addressed.
The first letter is from The Resister’s counselor, Kevin L. Jamison. Mr. Jamison’s letter was in response to the National Vanguard Books ad in last issue. He objected to National Vanguard’s ad and requested his own ad be removed for as long as the ad for National Vanguard Books ran in The Resister. That, of course, being an expression of freedom of as-
locution, is his right. As it is my right, as a property owner, to accept or re-| ject ads. Mr. Jamison could nave expressed his outrage and demanded the
removal of the paid National Vanguard Books ad while his gratis ad continued to run. That would have been the tactic of our collectivist Destroyers, combined with threats and puffery and other nonsense. However, Mr. Jamison, although we do disagree on some major issues, is no collectivist. His was a request, not a demand, so his request to have his ad removed is honored with, I believe, no animosity between us. Straight, honest, open dealing between individuals with divergent opinions. See how it works in a free society?
The second letter is from a Jewish lady who I’ve been corresponding with for a little over a year. She requested, knowing that 1 would respond to her complaint, that she remain anonymous. Our correspondence began! when, about four issues ago, 1 first! skimmed a stone off the surface of the “Jewish problem" (Jewish leadership in American Bolshevism). It seems that so long as 1 kept my arguments academic and didn’t point a ringer in too precise a direction — i.e., self-imposed censorship — I was in little danger of having the Thought Police descend upon me. However; I violated The Rule when writing about communism. The next thing I know Mrs. “X” is writing asking for clarification of my views on “holocaust revisionism” and such. I wrote back stating my enemy was Bolshevism not Judaism, and would she please, as a Jewess, help me unravel the question of] whether Jews are a race, a culture, a religion, or a nation unto themselves. She responded at length, her answer being singularly unhelpful; indeed, counterproductive. So I continued the correspondence and eventually used some of her responses as refer-1 ences in my article length obituary of Bella Abzug (IV, 3).
She had requested that none of her letters be published (I published none of her letters — sadly for TR’s readers; they were very good) and that her name be never mentioned in The Resister (I never named her). Because many of her responses were relevant to issues addressed in the Abzug article, I wrote and requested permission to quote her without attribution.
The RESISTER
Apparently that request “fell through the cracks" because she never re-1 sponded. Operating on the principle that silence is pliance I used her let-
----------------------  ideas	abo
tneir status as defined by Jews. Th
the Inquisition. Funny howj one!
______ Jews were removed
from the “big picture'
r—------------------ —----------------------------------------  br*vluie
ters in reference, “...that men may bring for about 500 years,
untnAiit (at nrpvi-	'	®	urAttArn
without (as previously agreed) attribution. For using her correspondence in non-attributable ref-
the Gentiles... Thou shalt also suck the
an
genius for Talmud quibbling no less equal to that of the most learned rabbis. [Hysterical laughter!... wiping tears.]
« t t « r WC8tern civilization unto thee the wealth of flowered and flourished. Must have been a coincidence.
Personally, I prefer freedom to slavery. I guess, these days, that makes me “anti-Semitic.” 200 years ago that view
(Isaiah, 60 - 61). Urn, would not have been
-i T •	.	considered	contro-
as a gentile, I object. versiaL But, then,
erence die called me milk Qf tJlc Gentiles... "" Irish Jew with a
Ye shall eat the riches
of the Gentiles...
In response, I pro- That all sounds SUSpi- 200 years ago
_• J _ J    l 5* .a	A a •  li inrast
vided a record of the correspondence to her. I have no idea what, or who she’s afraid of, but it seems| even Jews who are ■ conservative are frightened of the overarching reach oftheir Bolshevik brethren and dare not defy them. Her letter, sans attribution, is reproduced in full in “Three Letters.”
The most fascinating line in her letter is “my blood runs through those death camps" [Original emphasis.] Never mind that she was never in a camp. I made a mistake in my analysis of how Jews identify themselves in the Abzug article. I wrote that Jews consider themselves a nation unto themselves. Not so. They do consider themselves a race (she denied it), which, albeit, is not inconsistent with their “diaspora” identity as a borderless nation chosen by God “...that men may bring unto thee the wealth of the Gentiles... Thou shalt also suck the milk of the Gentiles... And strangers shall stand and feed your flocks, and aliens shall be your plowmen and vinedressers... Ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their glory shall ye boast yourselves” (Isaiah, 60 - 61).
Um, as a gentile, I object. That all sounds suspiciously like institutionalized parasitism to me. Protestants think scraping and groveling at the feet of Jews — especially those in I§-
rael — is a wonderful idea. If you doubt
it, just listen to them. After all, their “prophets” wouldn’t be on the Talmudvision if Jews didn’t allow it.
ciously like institutionalized parasitism
to me.
America was harvesting the gentile philosophical ®nd economic benefits of the Enlightenment. ■	■	Karl	Marx	and
Frederick Engels, both Jews, soon put paid to that inconvenience of history.
Radio
Ft !
_______jsiness	practices	in	tne	last
issue, I received a call from RR1 objecting that my piece was inaccurate. I asked if the information was true or false. I was assured it was false. 1 asked if it was false in part or in whole. 1 was assured it was false in whole. Okay, I’m not unreasonable, so I asked for any information that would contradict what I had written, and if, upon checking their information with tneir other victims, I was proven to be wrong, I would be happy to print a retraction. That was, on, about nine weeks ago. So far the contradictory information has yet to arrive. Failure to provide contradictory evidence does not prevent the original offended parties from running their mouths about the issue on the “Breakfast Club."
1 OC;^in?.*Uy 4° 8ue“ spots on one ot KKl s other shows. One
memorable series of spots dealt with
the issue of gun confiscation. (See:
PARTISAN; Ethical Decision
Game, in this issue.)There seems to
be a peculiar disease within the so-
The RESISTER
called patriot “movement.” Its symptom is that people listen with their mouths, not with their ears.
N ow, I was involved in the U nited Nations inspired gun confiscation program in Haiti. Instead of posturing and blustering and whining about it, I kept my mouth shut and acted. So, despite the best efforts of our Communist administration, there are still hundreds of anti-Communist Haitians who still possess militarily useful small arms (among other “needful things”) waiting for a “rainy day.” (They’ll need “Blanc” to lead them, they’re useless without white leadership, but that’s another story.)
After spending some time explaining how the whole confiscation process works and howto avoid its most onerous unpleasantness, callers whose mouths overrode their ability to digest information started calling and sputtering that they’d “not surrender a single gun!” Fine, then you wall die; one-by-one, because your neighbors are not going to come to your defense. In fact, that terminally stupid, doe-eyed soccer-mom across the street will probably be the one who snitches you off to the “authorities.”
There also seems to be a persistent fantasy that the Army, should confiscation become reality, will, by some as-yet-to-be-defined miracle, defect to the patriot “cause.” Believe me when I tell you the Army is not going to desert and join you. Primarily because your “movement” has no identifiable, or justifiable, cause. What principle would spark desertion? What are they going to desert to? Under whose recognized legitimate authority would those deserters find sanctuary? That loser down the street who was elected a general by four of his beer drinking buddies who get their “intel” from short wave? Every time I talk to a “militia leader” I am tom between choking back tears of despair and hysterical laughter.
If this so-called patriot movement were transported back to 1776 our Army’s dress uniform would still be a Red Coat.
Speaking of radio...
T) ei
Kj
esister Radio is now heard on WFAI 1230 AM, ayetteville, North Carolina,
on Sundays between 1030 and 1100, and on KTLD 1110 AM, Alexandria, Louisiana, on Thursdays between 0930 and 1000.
I tape the things now. I never liked callers anyway. They interrupted me, which I’ve always considered rather rude. My impression of talk shows which rely on callers is that the host has nothing of substance
The Firm
T
he Resister, having been plagued by“netizens” posting unauthorized essays or whole issues to either their “Web” sites or news groups, has consistently warned potential thieves that legal action will be initiated if caught stealing the intellectual property of The Resister. Recently,
to say, so he turns the Every time I talk to a initiative over to «	i	j	» t
strangers who also militia leader I am
have nothing of sub- torn between choking one ofThe Resister’s stance to say. And if i i ^	c	j •	anarchnet “watchers”
the host did have k&ck tears Oi despair discovered a widely
something of sub- and hysterical laughter, circulated news group
E*	ost denouncing the
.eft’s use of the word
say, why^m^^^^^| would he ask for people to call and give their opinion on it? Remember lectures? You know, the one-way conveyance of information by those who knew what they were talking about? Now everything is “facilitated.” It’s called sharing the learning experience. I always preferred lectures. I’m too insensitive to share.
Antler Dancing
Most of our readers are aware that The Resister is en gaged in a concerted effort to amass that body of anti-Communist literature, pamphlets, and other works which our Destroyers are actively attempting to “disappear” in order to erase the historical record and thereby their complicity in our descent into socialism. Part of that effort is geared to collecting period Communist works. After all, you can’t follow the game without a program. The Resister recently scored a coup: Part of the personal library of one of the major COMINTERN agents in America during the 1930s. This was one of thee^iyswho was giving orders to the Communist Party USA, not taking orders from them.
He “just happened to be” a Jew. I’m glad Jewish Bolsheviks love America. All these coincidences of Jews “just happening” to be leaders of American communism and Bolshevism might otherwise give people the wrong impression. Obviously, it is all a big misunderstanding, and wtgoyim need to be more tolerant: so screameth the AD L.
“extremist” to describe patriots. It was a blatantly plagiarized copy of a Resister editorial entitled “On Extremism” posted under the plagiarist’s own name. His fame as an editorialist was shortlived. He was contacted, racked, and forced to retract his post and publicly admit his plagiarism. So, future thieves beware: We will not tolerate the theft of ourproperty. The Resister will not stand pat and allow you to expropriate what is not yours.
The Resister has gone to great lengths to insure the integrity of our written product (copyright) as well as our intellectual property (Trademark). You see, there is this fundamental principle called “honesty.” We realize that the concept of principles, in this degenerate age, may be alien to many. When we started The Resister we began with the notion that people are fundamentally honest, and that it took effort to be dishonest. We have since disabused ourselves of that fantasy. Ptecisefy the opposite seems to be the cold reality of human nature. Call it original sin, or whatever you please; it takes conscience effort to be a good and honest man.
Those who have written The Resister requesting permission to post an editorial or an article have never been denied permission to do so, so long as The Kesister is credited and subscription information is appended. But you must ask permission — in writing. Asking permission is called decency, and honor, and respect for the property of others. Anything less is theft; either by conversion or
106 KJL& 15TEK
expropriation. Don't bother whining "this information needs to get out. That is, in principle, the same “rationale" Bolsheviks used to “redistribute" to “the people” the land and property of “Kulaks” and the “bourgeoisie,* and that is the same principle used today by these so-called governments to expropriate property from the competent and lavish that stolen loot on the incompetent.
At this time The Resister would like to take the time to thank “The Firm" for their hard work, diligence and professionalism. Special thanks to Frank, Patricia, Judy, Carmen and Ellen. Without you all, we could not have accomplished the mission. Thanks also to “Spanky” for her encouragement, wit, wisdom and her unqualified support; her wisecracks notwithstanding. And a very sincere thanks to the comely and always regal Miss Linda “B B FI C ”TuDy for her encouragement, moral support and her generous contribution of a stack of a 1920s anti-Bolshevik magazine called. The Independent. The Resister has already made good use of them.
Publishing Schedule
Although The Resister is a quarterly, and the publishing schedule is on the calendar for every thirteen weeks, give it a couple of weeks leeway. For example, this issue was scheduled to go to press on 15 January, but several late breaking events delayed printing — njgg the d"" computer giving up. (1 hate computers, but you know that.) Occasionally a late breaking story will come in. The Resister doesn't claim to be timely (ka a work of analysis, not news), but if something is important 1*1 "stop the presses” in a heartbeat. Never fear; if you paid for a four issue subscription you will get your four issues. Not always on schedule, bur you'll get them. Td rather be right than rush an issue through.
FROM READERS
Query:
Ol kay, you guys. Put up or shut I up time. I recently found I some copies of your magazine here at Fort Hood. You attack Jews, but you also attack Nazis. You attack blacks, but you also attack the Klan. You attack conservatives almost as equally as liberals. You attack communism, but also free markets. You attack Protestants, and also Catholics (and Muslims, for all I know), yet you disclaim atheism. You attack women, but many ofyour writers are women. You attack the policies and competence of the chain of command, but you are pro military.
Your magazine is a mass of contradictions. Explain yourselves.
CPT “Cav” Ft. Hood, TX
A Admittedly, my first impulse is Ito say, “No, puzzle it out for lyourself.” However, your letter illustrates just how deeply the gratuitous acceptance of collectivist ideas runs throughout America, so I'll give you the nickel tour of the issues you raised.
The contradictions you perceive are in your concrete categories and their juxtapositions. Politically, The Resister is reactionary anti-socialism, culturally it is reactionary antiegalitarianism. The apparent contradictions vanish under that light.
National socialism, communism, fascism, liberalism, etc., are afl socialist ideologies to greater or lesser degrees in execution, but identical in outcome — tyranny So-called conservatives take HEAT rounds according to their compromises with and appeasement of socialists. So-called free markets (as advertised today) are corporate-syndicalism — which, because they are “planned” by government are socialist in nature.
The Protestant “social gospel” and the “liberation theology” of the Novus Ordo “Church” (neo-Protestantism) are socialism camouflaged as Christianity. Jews fall under the gun in degree of their Bolshevism and support of socialist causes, and their agitation for atheistic government
(br definition, immoral and w, 7 cal) So long as Muslim, keeping Israel and leave u, alone^ leave them alone. Blacks M *2 the gun in degree of their (BoUhtS inspired) agitation for cultural soc^ ist causes. Women, because they a* collectivist utopian egalitarians. (TR mercifully, seems to attract the all too rare exceptions to that rule.)
The military falls under the gun in degree of its use as a social engineering laboratory for Americas socialist and egalitarian Destroyers and its subordination to the United Nations; thus politicized, it has become a positive menace to (true) national security.
Where does that pigeonhole TR in today’s political spectrum? It doesn’t. However, 100 Years ago TR would have been unremarkable.
SFC Steven M. Barry* USA (Ret)
Social Gospel Comes Home to Roost
Wle must be wary of the in-Ifiltration of Communist |subversion on all fronts, including the church. Recently the church I used to attend had a “Women’s Sunday.”
Check out this version of the affirmation of faith taken from the United Methodist Hymnal. I’ve never seen The World Methodist Social Affirmation before, but it sounds more like an affirmation of communism than Christianity.
“We confess our sin, individual and collective, by silence or action: through the violation of human dignity based on race, class, age, sex, nation, or faith; through the exploitation of people because ofgreed or indifference; through the misuse of power in personal, communal, national, and international life; through the search for security by those military and economic forces that threaten human existence; through the abuse of technology which endangers the earth and ah life upon it.” (Page 886)
To top it off, instead of a scripture lesson we had two women "guest speakers” (who don’t even attend the church) give apeechea soliciting
8
MY, No. 1
money for their social/political causes (plight of the homeless and womens victimization).
What simply amazed me is that everyone in the congregation (except my family, who I promptly escorted home) blindly followed along and without question stated this leftist tripe as if they truly believed it.
it’s a good thing we left before the litany, the script for which was to have the congregation shout repeatedly, “Free the oppressed"! This was not a religious service, rather a forum for leftist political dogma.
Reid Smith Tallahassee, FL
formation, but I find people are dumber than ever.
It takes self discipline to absorb information from an old manuscript, to mull it over in one’s mind and fit it into the body of learning already acquired. Because you cant curl up on the sofa with your PC the way you can with a good book this computer “literate” generation is doomed.
In my home no television or computers are allowed.
Wayne Dover Plains, NY
Cooked Quote
Reading: Lost Art
Reference Dewey Camps: Get the audio tape of John Taylor Gato giving a speech on the state of government schools. He’s an ex New York City teacher of the year who quit in protest. Did you know that compulsory government schooling in this country began in Massachusetts in the 1850’s by, I believe, Horace Mann?They had to force children to school at bayonet point. It was started by influential (wealthy) New Englanders, not because citizens were ignorant or illiterate, but to prepare us for the “collectivist society of the future”!
In fact, Alexis de TocqueviUe considered Americans (circa 1830s) the best educated people in history. A critic of his came to America to see for himself and found farmers going out into their fields carrying philosophy books. I’ve met college grads who would have a hard time reading The Federalist Papers.
Besides fluoride in the water there is more and more proof showing the mal effects of childhood immunizations. (Call 1-800-FYI-SHOT for a huge package of free information.) This could help explain the drop in IQs.
I too love to read and outside of a large, well stocked gun shop with racks of surplus rifles that I can caress and smell, there’s nothing like a good book store. Reading (and I don’t mean Steven King or Tom Clancy) is truly a lost art.
The rise of the personal computer has given the average man more in-
With reagrd to your use of the quote from the (fictional?) British Communist, Samuel Cohen, I thought you might be interested in the following information.
According to authors John George and R. Wilcox in their 1992 book, Nazis, Communists, Klansmen, and Others on the Fringe, this quote was fabricated by Eustace Mullins sometime in the 1950s, and was read into the Congressional Record in 1957 by Congressman Abernathy, and was “exposed as fraudulent in the same publication” that same year. George and Wilcox contend that “clues to spuriousness” include the following:
1. In 1912 there was no “Communist” Party.
2. Negroes were not in “the world of sport and entertainment” at all in 1912.
3.	The use of the term “guilt complex” is more appropriate to post WWII than to 1912.
4.	The authors find talk of Black-White intermarriage in 1912 unlikely.
5.	No one has found the book from which the quote is supposedly taken. {A Racial Program for the 20th Century.)
George and Wilcoxs’ book is written from a left/liberal perspective in my opinion. However, the authors seem to have done their homework (although their tendency to editorialize is tiring). George is described on the books jacket as an expert in political “extremist” movements in the U.S. and is the author of They Never Said It: A Book of Fake Quotes,
Misquotes, and Misleading Attribution. So, maybe he knows what he’s talking about and the quote from Cohen is a fake.
My other observation might be that Eustas Mullins was a prophet when he forecast the future from the middle of the 1950s. Mullins should have spoken for himself in any case.
Joe Williams Tallahassee, FL
The footnote attributing the quote in question contained the caveat that there was considerable controversy surrounding its legitimacy. I have a reasonably sized collection of anti-Communist material and I couldn’t find reference to either A Racial Program for the 20th Century or Samuel Cohen. I included the quote (with caveat) only because it was so compelling, and because it was, in retrospect, as you point out, prophetic. Looks like I’ll be buying yet another book. They Never Said It....
However, I do appreciate the correction.
Speaking of corrections, a reader responded to “Barbarian Migrations” from Volume IV, No.2, remarking that the inscription on “...that French tart’s...” statue was written by Emma Lazarus and was cast onto a bronze plack, not inscribed on the bitch’s base. Emma Lazarus was a Jewess, a socialist “activist” and a rabid Zionist. It figures a Jewish Bolshevik female would think of such a collectivist obscenity as inflicting upon America “...huddled masses... and “...wretched refuse....” What is not popularly known is that her screed was written as part of her crusade to bring Russian Jews to America. (She hated America — it was free and prosperous, you see.) She also made herself obnoxious through her lobbying Congress for intervention to establish a Jewish state in Palestine. (Late 1800s, folks....)
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
VoL V, No. 1
9
The RESISTER
I
What will you do when they come to take your guns?
When, in the not-too-distant future, the U.S. bans the private possession of I firearms arid stages the Gun Raids to round up suspected gun owners, Earl Turner and his fellow patriots are forced underground. The hated Equality Police begin hunting them down, but the patriots fight back with a campaign of sabotage and assassination. As the struggle escalates an all-out race war occurs, with the government enlisting the non-White minonties to put down the White rebels. Turner and his comrades suffer terribly, but their ingenuity and boldness in devising and executing new methods of guerrilla warfare lead to an eventual victory of cataclysmic intensity and worldwide scope.
This is the book which the FBI and the controlled media have been claiming is the “blueprint" for everything from the Oklahoma City bombing to the takeover of the U.S. government by “White extremists.’ It is the “Bible’ of the “racist right," they say. It is the book most hated and feared by the gun-control crowd.
Too many things predicted in the book have been coming true, they believe, and they're afraid that if more people read the book the rest of it also may come true. Actually, says the author, the book is merely a vehicle, in the form of an exciting novel about urban guerrilla warfare and revolution, for his ideas about race and society You'll have to read it for yourself to see who's right.
KBHlJi THE TURNER DIARIES 211 pages soft cover	$12.95 + S&H


Another blockbuster from the author of The Turner Diaries
What should an honorable man do when confronted by evil?
Tho second royal packs at least as strong a message. That message is: When an honorable man confronts evil, he must neither submit to it nor ignore it, but he must take up arms against it. That is what Vietnam veteran Oscar Yeager does in response to treason, degeneracy, corruption, and other evils in Washington, DC, with spectacular results He declares war on the enemies of his people, and after that nopoktjcan, media liar, or other degenerate is safe from his bombs, silenced pistols, garottes, and other weapons Oscar Yeager becomes a one-man death squad—until he is caught by a frighteningly ambitious FBI official and given a proposition he cannot refuse Then he develops a new strategy and becomes even more volant and dangerous to everyone in his way
HUNTER	259 pages soft cover direct from the author $12.95 ♦ S&H
SEX DIFFERENCES: MODERN BIOLOGY AND THE UNISEX FALLACY by Christen-141 pp hard cover $3495 ALIEN NATION COMMON SENSE ABOUT AMERICA'S IMMIGRATION Peter Brimek>w-327 pp hard $2395 FRENCH REVOLUTION IN SAN DOMINGO—Story of Black massacre of Whites in Haiti. 410 pp soft cover $9.95 RACE by John Baker-By an Oxford scholar Best comparison of Whites and Africans. 623 pp hard cover $24.95 IMPORTING REVOLUTION by Hawkm-U S. leftist immigration leading to revolution 209 pp soft cover $7.95 BEHIND COMMUNISM by Bntton-Exposes ethnic group behind communist movement 94 pp soft cover $3.95 SPECIAL TASKS by Sudoplatov-Soviet secret police (NKVD) leader reveals atrocities. 509 pp hard cover $24.95 YOU GENT ILES by Samuel-Leading Jew explains their aims and attitudes toward Gentiles 221 pp soft cover $5.95 TALMUO UNMASKED by Fr Pranaite—Cathokc priest bluntly reveals Jewish lawbook 111 pp soft cover $4 95 NUREMBERG: THE LAST BATTLE by David Irving—Trial of NWO's first victims. 377 pp hard cover $34.95 RACE, INTELLIGENCE, AND BIAS IN ACADEME by Pearson—Leftist & minorities run univs 304 pp soft $17.50 CAPTURED BY INOIANS-Actuai eye-witness accounts by those who survived hell. 378 pp soft cover $8 95 ICELTIC MYTHS ft LEGENDS by Squire—Amazing pre-Chnstian Celtic stories 464 pp hardcover $995 MYTHS OF THE NORSEMEN by Guerber—Rich detail on Thor, Odin, Yggdrasil, etc 397 pp soft cover $10.95 HISTORY OF THE VIKINGS by Jones-True story of greatest adventurers of all times 504 pp soft cover $16.95 THE ALAMO by John Meyers-Best account of fighting Mexicans to capture Texas 240 pp soft cover $9 95 BEYOND GOOO AND EVIL by Nietzache—Philosophy of race, peoples, gender, etc 239 pp soft cover $10.95 PERPETUAL WAR FOR PERPETUAL PEACE by Barnes-Our wars, a tool of NWO 740 pp soft cover $8 95
Gun Control in Germa 1928-1945
ny
IViNilifli I PtpfCW


.
m


inpjjgpp | lpj
|Hy|i-.	.
e*1 fey Hitt*
■







i
Was Hitler really a gun-grabber?
There’s more misinformation circulating among gun owners on this question than any other. If you want to discuss gun rights intelligently; you need the facts. They’re all in this book.
“The first thing Hitler did when he came to power was round up all the guns." True or false? To answer this question the author of Gun Control in Germany, 1928-1945 dug up the official German statute books from the period in question so he could read exactly what the laws said about the ownership and carrying of firearms by Germans, both during the time Hitler headed the government and before. He wanted to know not only what Hitler's gun laws were, but also how Hitler had changed the gun laws that already existed in Germany. Gun Control in Germany, 1928-1945 not only answers your questions about Hitler's attitude toward gun ownership, it provides complete, facsimile reproductions of the Hitler and pre-Hitler gun laws, just as they appeared in German statute books, along with complete and exact English translations of both. Everything is spelled out clearly and completely on the laws for buying, owning, and carrying both handguns and long guns The next time you're in an argument about gun control, know the facts Read this book! GUN CONTROL IN GERMANY, 1928-1945 by William L. Pierce 8V4"x11“ 48 pp soft cover $4 95 + S&H
Stopping & Handling: In the USA add $3 00 for first book, then 5Oi per book.
Foreign Orderr. For details tend $2.00 for main catalog.
Please print name and mailing address dearly
Send check or money order (no COD’i) to:
Hours of reading enjoyment in my 72-page catalog
CATALOG—Here are over 600 books and tapes that prove that our gun-control and crime problems are not just caused by well-meaning liberals The cause is much deeper than kberabsm The news meda and politicians are not biased because they are ignorant of the tacts. All the facto in the world can't make a leopard change his spots I’ve selected the best and most reliable and trustworthy books from both underground and major publishers, Many of these you won't be able to find anywhere else The famous, hard-hitting article, “Who Rules the Media?,’ is included in every 72-page catalog Send $2 for a catalog (or FREE with any order)
NATIONAL VANGUARD BOOKS, Dept RR • POB 330 • Hillsboro \VV 24946
10
Vol. V, No. 1
Judge Gideon J. Tucker
Editorials

No mani life, liberty, or property is safe while the	_
legislature is in session.
Wd
The Highest art in the world cannot guild socialism, t is impossible to make beautiful the denial ofliberty.
Auberon Herbert
mmentanes
THREE LETTERS
(I*	by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Occasionally, my letters to correspondents reach article length as I explain my positions on the subject of their correspondence. Three recent letters, the first two solicited, the third a response to a national columnist, sufficiently clarified certain editorial positions in The Resister that I thought, combined, they would make a pretty good editorial. Dr. Huck appended her comments during editing. SMB
I
A Letter From Counselor
Steve:
One is known by the company he keeps. I will not have my name in the same magazine as an advertisement for nazis. I do not come to this decision emotionally. The nazis shot, and otherwise mistreated my Uncle, but it was during the war, and he was dropping bombs on them.
The nazi ideology is socialistic, racist, and otherwise tyrannical It could be based on teletubbies, it is tyrannical economically and politically, that is enough. Based on racism, it is based on hatred, based on the tribalism the Resister has opposed from the first issue. My father taught me that there is no time for hatred, it is bad for business. Without a compelling reason it is inefficient.
The current crop of nazis offend me for their intellectual dishonesty. On one hand they argue at great length that there was no holocaust, no death camps, no gas chambers, no crematoria, no death squads. They
advise us that all confessions by death camp personnel were lies, all photographs fakes or of plague victims, survi-
2°Your complex, lengthy
the death camns did	r	7	o	/
articles have left some readers with the idea
the death camps did not exist because they were overrun by the Soviet Army (one cannot say liberated). There were American POWs at Auschwitz,
themselves, they would not have to read the magazine. Readers will not conform their habits to fit the style of the writer. To be read, the writer must conform his style to that of his audience. One can aim one’s work to the similarly intellectual elite, but that is intellectual masturbation. To recover our rights, we must reach large numbers, some of whom, I fear, have not finished evolving.
I gather that the nazis have some of the books you require. I do not understand what value there can be in books on race written three-quarters of a century ago, about test scores created by conditions of three-quarters of a century ago. However, I do not
_____________ understand why some
people collect electrical insulators either. I am careful about who I do business with, my father’s generation sold scrap metal to the Japanese
that you are anti-
__________________ Semitic...	For	them	to
and not all of them raise the question indi- Idonotbuyprod-Jewish, but leave .	t	ucts	from the
that. They claim the cates that the problem pCOpic*s Republic of
Jews are, every single___________is serious. China. I have oblast one, communists _______________________ tained	political asy-
and must be confined
in perpetuity. They seem to think this
is better than murder.
On the other hand, one finds unreconstructed nazis who maintain that the only thing the death camps did wrong, was not finish the job. I do not have time for either attitude.
Your complex, lengthy articles have left some readers with the idea that you are anti-Semitic; I have spoken to them, rather, they have spoken to me. For them to raise the question indicates that the problem is serious. I know, if they read the articles carefully, they would realize that anti-Semitism was not the point you were making. If they did the research
lum for too many people to allow that regime to profit. Getting children ready for school without PRC products is not easy. I have gone without products, or paid more, but doing business with tyrants is offensive. I have many books by leftist and communist authors, all from the used book market.
There are many levels of tyranny, I buy Japanese products, which is not a Jeffersonian democracy. I have bought products from some of the more authoritarian countries; they are not complete tyrannies, and do not seek to expand uie territorial scope of their regime. There is little chance of the nazis gaining power. If you decide to
dnw the fine at that level, it it your ctflL
However. Running that advertisement creates an additional question you must answer before getting to the point of the magazine. This is an obstacle the magazine does not need to take on, and 1 do not see that the ben-1 efits outweigh the detriments of this obstacle. It is your magazine, and your call
Kevin L. Jamison
Resp
onse
tribe and then openly declare their collective object as the destruction of individualism, self-reliance, and independence (if you doubt it, read their literature), then whites had better damned well pay attention and coalesce for mutual defense. Which they always had — until they became “tolerant ” and “sensitive” to the “needs”
tvio:
Frankly, 1 was a little confused by your outrage. 1 am personally, and The Resister has always been, as stridently anti-Nazi as Inti-Communist. However, your letter placed me in the position of ca-vemt vend it or. Of course Nazism is tyrannical. In fact, the editorial position ofTR, as you well know, is mat Nazism and communism are the same ideology, are in fact, competitors, not antagonists. Point to a single word in Tk that has not expressly — and consistently—proclaimed that fact. ■ talked to Dl Pierce on several occasions and he knows my position. Frankly; you Vc been the on]I person to object to the ad after reading my rationale for running it in last issue s "A Ldto From The Editor. "In open defiance of censorship, and its self-anointed Bolshevik zsmfo/it, I’m running the ad qgaia. Yours has been removed per your request.
Nsv, ta Baiiaesi
As you wefl know, TR's cose argumentative editorial policy contrasts the principles and philosophies upon which this nation sens founded against the socialism being inflated upon os. Plensc explain, though, bow fiercely independent mdroduak can possibly defend themselves against traces bent on collectivise destruction? The answer is, they cannot. Believing they can if utopian sossnud
| IVe had that run I Tiing SSSn& with Objectivistt almost from the beginning. For when Machs coaleecr as a
of “others.”
Why are whites the only people in America who are forbidden a racial identity? Because our collectivist enemies are frightened into apoplexy that^^^^^^^^^ should American whites ever rediscover their identity, our enemy’s deracination pogrom will not only come to a halt, but in all likelihood would justifiably recoil against them. Do you believe for an instant that America could have been founded as, or would have become, the freest and wealthiest nation on earth if ^ “mulitculturalism” and “tolerance” and “liberalism” (as it exists today) had been the prevalent ideologies in the 1700s American Colonies? You know better. By what rationale, then, should those ideologies be surrendered to today?
Do you believe that Africans, Mexicans, Arabs, or Asians could have created America? One look at their squalid, collectivist, regional pest holes is the obvious answer. Why, then, should white Americans submit to them? By what fathomable rationale are whites compelled to “celebrate diversity” and harangued daily to be “tolerant?”Tolerate means to put up with or endure something that is disagreeable. So, what is it that whites are demanded to be tolerant oft The destruction of a nation they created by those who could not have created it! And who demands to be tolerated? Those same minorities who demand that whites “tolerate” them during that destruction and “celebrate,” without question or dissent, their own deracination.
It is inconceivable that this nation’s Founders envisioned a
it is inconceivable that this nation’s Founders envisioned a “multicultural” or racially “diverse” American society. Their writings clearly and universally express precisely the opposite view.
American society. Their wrhijjj clearly and universally express prf cisely the opposite view. Today, oui nomenklatura and their media apparatchiki coo and gurgle that is fifty years whites will be a minority in America. They might as well simply declare that in fifty years America will be a Third World Communist dung hill, like Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Detroit, Washington DC, ad nauseam. Because the greater the number of unassimilable Southern
__________________ hemisphere	barbar-
ians that flood almost unchecked into America, and the more these criminal gangs called “governments” pander to their demands for democracy and “representation” in a nation they could not have created, the more rapid becomes the loss of our traditional Anglo-Saxon liberties and the more totalitarian these “diversity” pandering so-called “govern-
ments” become.
Bolshevism
I
“multiculruraJ“ or racially “diverse’
did not enter the Bolshevik minefield on a lark. As you know, one of my projects is to rescue from obscurity that body of anti-Communist literature dating from the early 1900’s to present. As my collection grows it becomes more abundantly clear that Communism is, for all practical purposes, a Jewish invention. They as much as admit it in their own early writings. Why, then, is it forbidden to write or speak about it? I will not be cowed or intimidated by meaningless shrieks of “anti-Semitism.” I am a historian, not a lawyer or politician. So I don't have to compromise, appease, grovel and scrape. I don’t have to be "liked.* During my studies of the ideologies and researches on the causes of America’s destruction from within, without exception, philosophically, ideologically, and praxeologically, no matter how many times the deck is shuffled and cut, the same card keep
^LilNo. i
turning over, the same originating cause keeps surfacing —Jewish Bolshevism. I came to that realization by myself, by my own efforts, by my own work, using non-Nazi — often Jewish — sources. I have tested it. It has held true culturally, economically, and politically. I will not back away horn that truth. If I have arrived at the wrong conclusion, prove it to me. (I have cast off many previously held erroneous beliefs since starting TR. I am not afraid of being proven wrong on this count.)
I have never claimed that all Jews are Communists. No intelligent man who researches the origins of communism, however, can come away without the realization that the majority of Communist leaders, ideologues and activists were, and still are, Jews. To deny the fact that communism in America (indeed, the world) was, and still is, inspired and led by Jews is to reject an objective reality and an incontrovertible truth — a truth that was widely known and openly discussed in America early in this century — simply because one does not want to be called a “bad name” or be Mnot liked.” Our current crop of “liberal” swear words were invented by those very Jewish Communists whose expressed desire was and is to destroy us. Therefore any attempt to discuss that topic without pointing fingers at our Destroyers out of unreasonable cravenness at the mere thought of being call “anti-Semite” is doomed to failure. Which, of course, was one the early purposes of the ADL, to derail anti-Communism by screaming “persecution” and “anti-Semitism” when Communist headquarters were raided and most of the arrested “just happened to be Jews” — as if it was merely a coincidence. Quoting an article, dated 24 January 1920, from The Independent, titled “Raids on the Reds:”
“Arrests were made in practically every industrial center of the country under the direction of Attorney General Palmer and Superintendant Flynn of the Bureau of Investigation. Nearly all of the persons arrested in the raids were aliens; most of them being either Jews from Russia or Slavs from various parts of Eastern Europe.” [Emphasis added.] (Page 99.)
Of course, people were more honest back then. They read. They discerned. They didn’t have an Establishment approved and Jewish Bolshevik censored Telescreen to sacrifice their drool to. And neither do I.
Speaking of sacrifice, “holocaust” is a neat word. “Holo” means whole, or entire. “Caustic” means burning. Therefore, when words still had meaning, the simple noun “holocaust” simply meant, “A burnt sacrifice or offering.” (Webster, 1832.) Its
scholars yammer shrill denunciations of their skeptic’s contrary evidence? No. Only liars need to shout down, defame, threaten, or assault the holder of opposing viewpoints. It is forbidden to question any iota of the “holocaust.” The “holocaust” has never been a detail of history deemed worthy of objective examination and honest discourse; it has always been a religion (or, rather, part of a religion), with its own rabbis (the ADL), synagogues (Simon Wiesenthal Center and “holocaust museums”), creed (only blind faith could account for the
meaning slowly shifted from, “A sacrifice wholly con- The aholocaust” has deaths of more Jews sumed by fire, a whole	j	r	t^ian existed in Eu-
burnt offering (up to never been a detail of rope), and proselytiz-
1847)... A complete history deemed wor- me<^*um the sacrifice or offering;	,	.	I
sacrifice on a large thy of objective exami-
scale (up to 1868)... nation and honest Complete consump-	t
tion by fire, or that discourse; it has always to fit the style of the
Talmudvision.
You state that readers: “will not conform their habits
been a religion (or, rather, part of a religion), with its own...
which i^s^conn sumed, complete destruction... (up to 1940),” to “...esp. of a large number of per-1 sons; a great slaugh- proselytizing medium
111 "T^s -theTalmudvision.
around 1942, but, 1	'■
“The specific application was introduced by historians during the 1950s....” in transferred sense as the Holocaust). [OED, 2nd ed..] You’ll never guess who, and which “historians,” first began using “holocaust” in the later context. Note the steady escalation of the definition from a single burnt sacrifice to complete destruction; then to quibbling about the numbers involved resulting from an embarrassingly large number of survivors.
Regarding “holocaust” “revisionism,” have you never asked yourself why any skepticism, any questioning, any query, any serious study of the “holocaust” is immediately met with screams, shrieks, howls and shrill, vicious denunciations, threats, and violence? Under normal circumstances, the truth can be discussed openly, rationally, and through calm presentation of evidence to support positions and conclusions. That is forbidden when discussing the “holocaust.” Only the Jews’ version is lent any credence. Why? Do honest
writer.” And further, “To be read, the writer must conform his style to that of his audience.” You are correct in stating that if the reader was doing the research himself he wouldn’t need TR. That would certainly make my life much easier. However, if the readers are not going to do the research themselves (or double-check my research through my footnotes) then I really don’t want to hear any discomfited whining from them regarding the conclusions I draw in my articles. What most people don’t realize, however, is that TR is conformed to the style of its target audience, which is why many in the so-called militia “movement* do not care for it. TR is a quarterly, not a biweekly or a monthly. I have to assume the readership is minimally acquainted with the subject matter. If readers who are not so acquainted find my arguments too complex, well, that speaks to them and their knowledge of the subject matter, not to my target audience. Detailing the causes of America’s descent into socialism cannot be reduced to an easily digested comic book or bumper sticker bromides. There are altogether too many “educational” publications on the market intended for popular appeal
TR is not “educational” in that sense. It is reactionary, intended for a very narrow, self-selecting audience.
Death by Democracy
To “recover our rights,” you continue, “we must reach large numbers, some of whom, 1 fear, have not finished evolving.” First, I never deceived myself that TR would become a popular magazine. It was never intended for “the people’’ and I don’t care if “the people’’ uke it or not. Second, “the people” are irrelevant. They’re herd animals following the Talmudvision over a collectivist cliff. If “the people” weren’t so dully complacent and stupidly compliant, America wouldn’t be in the collectivist sewer it’s drowning in now. I can point to huge segments of American society who, rationally, should be immediately — and permanently — disfranchised. What’s the alternative, more democracy? Democracy, boiled down to its bones, can be defined as, “A demand by the stupid to rule the intelligent because the stupid outnumber the intelligent.” Democracy and crime are not two opposite poles, they are a continuum. That is why this nation’s Founders denounced democracy, and the reason our Destroyers enshrine it. This nation was forged by a small handful of men leading less than three percent of its colonial population. They created the freest nation in history. Neither “the people,” nor their “will,” had anything to do with it. It is ludicrous and laughable to even suggest that we’ll be able to “recover our rights” by voting away our entrenched socialism and those criminal gangs who oversee it; or convince “the people” that it is in their best interest to do so. American socialism will end only when American socialists twist slowly in the wind.
You state: “I do not understand what value there can be in books on race written three-quarters of a century ago, about test scores created by conditions of three-quarters of a century ago.” First, test scores are not “created by conditions.” Tests, being measures of cognitive intelligence simply rank intelligence. Environment cannot change genes—decades of relativist-race-egalitarian propa-
ganda notwithstanding. Second, the value of books on race written three-quarters of a century ago is due to those works being written when such things were still honestly discussed.! And if those issues were honestly discussed today, you would find that there has been no change between “three-quarters of a century ago” and today—as amply proven in the viciously at-i tacked current literature about such things. However, it is now forbidden to discuss those topics.
Why? Because they are\ still true! And truth today, thanks entirety to no less than our Bolshevik censors, is called “hate” or “creating a climate.”
“Hate (and ‘climate’) crime” is another Jewish Bolshevik invention that realty means political crime. Just ask|
Canadians, or the Germans, or the I French, or the British, ad nauseam, who suffer under Jewish Bolshevik imposed censorship, and who may be imprisoned for criticizing Jews. Or, better yet, ask anti-Communist Russians who took a one-way trip to Lubianka after the Bolsheviks— the leadership, commissars and VCheKa of whom were almost all Jews — declared “anti-Semitism” (they meant anti-communism) a political crime. Oh!; that’s right... you can’t.
Communism didn’t “just happen,” Kevin. And it’s leaders didn’t “just en to be” Jews.
ur own Bolsheviks have been trying to get “anti-Semitism” declared a “crime” in America for over 50 years. But that pesky 1st Amendment keeps getting in their way. No matter! “Hate” and “creating a climate” will workfor now. Who knows, maybe Schumer, Biden and Feinstein can make “anti-Semitism” a political “crime” as a rider to their next attempt in their ceaseless efforts to disarm tne goyim. And, I will remind you, the militia cannot drill in most states because of the Anti-Defamation League’s “model” anti-militia “legislation.” Now, given the above, ask
yourself this simple question: “Why do Jews want to prevent American Christian white men from learning and practicing small unit tactics?” That question needs to be asked, because stripped of all the “antigovem-ment” and “hate group” propagandizing, that is precisely what the issue boils down to. Of course, that does not stop the street thugs of ADL’s terrorist branch, the Jewish Defense League, from conducting their own paramilitary training with impunity. Trying to enforce Jewish Bolshevik designed “model legislation” against Jewish terrorists would be “anti-Semitic.” Where does it stop, Kevin? Where is the line drawn? Why, and by whom, is it forbidden to discuss those obvious patterns? Discussing those patterns does not make one a Nazi despite hysterical shrieks of “FASCIST!” (/Ai/particular “liberal” swearword is the Communist pot calling the Nazi kettle black) from — that’s right — Bolsheviks; particularly the ADL and their front organization, Southern Poverty Law Center which is run by—right again — Jews. The Founders had some pretty uncomplimentary (and more accurate than not) things to say about Jews. Does that fact make them Nazis?
Personally, I’m getting damned sick and tired of dancing around the fact that there is not a single destruc-tive-to-America “movement” that has existed in this century that did not “just happen to be” organized, run, financed or promoted by Jews. And they admit it in their own literature. Oram I forbidden to read and quote from Jewish works also?
Answering the Enemy
Certainly, one thing ensures our destruction. That is cringing under our Bolshevik’s lexicon and submitting to
Democracy, boiled down to its bones, can be defined as, “A demand by the stupid to rule the intelligent because the stupid outnumber the intelligent.” Democracy and crime are not two opposite poles, they are a continuum.
self-censorship by accepting the meaning of the smears Bolshevik censors and thought police invented to silence any debate or dissent. I have standard responses to Bolshevik name calling.
My response to, “You’re a racist*.”, is, “Of course I’m an advocate of my race; what is your point?” My response to, “You’re a white supremacist*”, is, “What, historically, is the alternative?” My response to, “You’re an anti-Semite*”, is, “Yes, I do prefer freedom over slavery.” My response to, “You’re an extremist1”, is, “You’re right, I do not compromise.” Finally, my response to, “You’re afascist*”, is, “You, sir, are the socialist, not I.
The oath I took in 1973 (and six times thereafter) obligated me to defend the Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. When I retired I was not disabused of that oath. The Resister marches toward the sound of the enemy’s cannon. That sound echoes historically domestic And our enemies domestic are not “just like us,” nor do they “mean well.”
Those domestic enemies are socialists of every stripe, including Communists and Nazis who are, to paraphrase Balint Vaszonyi, author of America's 30 Years War, the same people in the same leather coats — Le. “liberals.” I hate “liberals,” and everything they espouse, with diamond-like purity and perfection.
II
Truth Is No Defense
Dear Steve;
It was with a heavy heart that I read the current edition ofTR. I am requesting that you not send me any further issues. I do not want this in my home.
Having a slight flair for the dramatic, I wondered what I should do. I toyed with the idea of sending you back the current issue with a little coloring added — my blood. Yet I declined to do this, in part because 1 wasn’t sure which portion of my arm I could cut without endangering the rest, and in part because I cant re-
member the date of my last tetanus shot. And ultimately, because 1 realize that sending blood (even if dried) through the mail is not polite.
1 have a picture hanging near my front doorway. It depicts a Celtic woman, staring into the distance with a sad look expression on a gloomy, overcast day. And in her hands she grasps a sword. I had always imagined that the sword belonged to her husband, who left to fight the Crusades and never returned. But some friends thought otherwise. That particular saber, they said, was a “lady’s weapon,” and it belonged to her. I didn’t quite believe it at first, but thought it an interesting possibility. So I adopted my perception to accommodate the vision.
But after a time, the picture seemed incomplete, lacking a critical element. So I shifted my vision again, this time mentally altering the image. And now in my mind’s eye, the lady grasps the sword in one hand and holds a candle in the other, not merely to light her way, but so that through its light, she may herself be seen.
So it is with anything one writes, anything one commits into the world through the process of printing. One illuminates a condition, and in so doing, casts a light onto oneself. There is no such thing as the word devoid of ego, for every word chosen is that ego’s natural extension. Therefore, to your typical question, “What is the value in being polite to one’s enemies?” I would answer, “What is the value in laying aside one’s dignity?” And that, sadly, is a condition I have seen too often in the last couple issues ofTR.
I admit I do not read minds. I have no handle on your strategy for dealing with the Left. But what I can see is a fighting stance, and a tone of voice, that can work very quickly to reduce you from the level of a warrior to that of a street brawler, filled with venom, who shouts insults to pass-ersby in hopes that one of them will look back cross-eyed and provide the justification for a real good fight. I sincerely hope I am not one of those you seek to encourage in this regard. It will do no good. “Fighting” with an American veteran who has served his country honorably is neither my predilection nor my desire.
When you began your project on
[Bella] Abzug, you started with a reasonable topic that others sidestep and do not address — the prominence of Jews in Communist movements both here and abroad. And through our correspondence, I have some idea of how hard you worked, and how diligently and how very honestly you pursued your research. To that spirit of independent inquiry, I was more than happy to provide a contribution. But something happened along the way. It was as if you began your project with the surgical precision (and the concomitant dry wit) of “J.F.A. Davidson” and ended up wielding a sledge hammer of the kind favored by Dr. Huck. Intermixed with the data, which undoubtedly contain some mines deliberately placed by you, is rhetoric so vicious and nasty that it sounds more like the vehement propaganda of those whose motives are more anti- Semitic than they are anti-Communist. I have no doubt that those who gleefully substitute “Chosenites” and “Talmudists” for “Jews” in their diatribes were ecstatic at the result. No doubt they view you as a “defender of the faith.” It makes me sick.
This trend continues in the current issue, and actually worsens. I found your off-color remark about “cannon-goyem” (sic) insulting and disturbing, placed as it was beneath a sour anecdote purporting to generalize [Israeli] Jewish feelings about Christian help. Israeli Jews count on no one to provide their defense. That is why they put women in uniform— not as a simple experiment in collectivism.
As to your characterization of “Judeo-Christian” as “anti-Christian,” I certainly don’t see it. There is a name foraset ofbeliefs that are anti-Christian on virtually every point, and that belief system is called “Satanism.”
I wonder if it is merely the Left you are fighting, or whether all Jews have somehow become part of that monolith. The subtitle in Dr. Huck’s article specifically referencing the Talmud clearly refers to all lews: and most particularly, to those who are most likely at the opposite end of the political spectrum from those who call themselves Communists. But, I guess that is just another case of caveat emptor.
Yet, there is evidence still that you have not descended to the street corner. You were quite shrewd to include your paragraphs on Protestant “heresies^ and Communist “nuns” in the same piece as your statements lamenting the fate of “anti-Bolshevism” at the Nuremberg trials. It is almost as if the entire article had been carefully crafted for this one effect, so subtly placed, and therefore so much the more effective. A stroke of genius, which you have in no small measure. There is, however, a slight problem, from this “Chosenite’s” point of view — my blood runs through those death camts. No, “we” have not discussed the Holocaust. And we never will.
Goodby, Steven. And may God’s grace ever light your way.
Name and Address Withheld by Request
cal differences between the races — and who denies those differences exist and seek to have them legislated (contrary to objective reality) into
extinction while de- ________________________
manding whites have
“tolerance” for the The flowering of barbanzation of	°
America. Nor can Western (read Chris-
one honestly re- tjan) civilization (the search the ideological
origins and historical evolution of communism without researching who founded, promoted, and implemented
tjon of Pale Jewry to America fro,, Russia following the assassination of Czar Alexander II by Jewish anarchists (Nihilists) in 1881, the aborted, Jewish-led
Resp
onse:
Dear X:
S
kipping to paragraph seven of i your letter, when I began Abzug’s obituary I had planned on no more than about a thousand word “ding-dong, the witch is dead” piece. However, 1 am not afraid to go where the research leads. My library was admittedly sparse on the topic of Jewish Bolshevism. By thetimelhad finished the Abzug piece the collected sources on Bolshevism had increased tenfold. When I acquire a book, I compare its bibliography against what I have, which leads to more purchases and comparisons. I am never satisfied until I have a good collection of classic works—meaning “it never ends.” There has to be a cut-off point in order to publish an article, but I do reserve the right to continue to study the subjects I write about. I am not afraid to change my opinion about a subject if the objective evidence contradicts a previously held belief. I reserve the right to become more intelligent.
One cannot honestly research the egalitarian destruction of Western civilization and the concomitant ar-rogation of individual and property rights without eventually ending up researching the (very real) biological, epistemological, and psychologi-
Renaissance) began only after the Inquisition began, and Jews throughout Europe
that unspeakably evil were either banished, ideology and its con-	tn	tUe	pa1e	or
comitant advance- exuea to tne rate, or
ment	of	confined	to	their	self-
anti-Christianity.	,	*
Both research efforts,	created ghettoes.
if honestly pursued,
eventually converge on the tireless activities of the same group — Jewish Communists.
Obvious Patterns
S
cratch any socialist, collectivist, atheist, “civil rights,” or egalitarian “movement” that is intended to communize America, and Jewish ideologues, lawyers and activists percolate to the surface in grossly disproportionate numbers relative to their population. That objective reality, that historical pattern, that real problem, cannot be ignored. The flowering of Western (read Christian) civilization (the Renaissance) began only after the Inquisition began, and Jews throughout Europe were either banished, exiled to the Pale, or confined to their self-created ghettoes. The collectivist devolution of Western civilization — concomitant with the degenerate rise of atheism and communism—did not begin until after the French Revolution, when Napoleon “emancipated” European Jewry and “opened” Europe to Pale Jewry —part of the havoc he wreaked upon Europe.
Also, we are not supposed to notice (indeed, it is forbidden—byJews — to even mention) that economic, political and cultural communism did not gain any significant foothold in America until after the mass migra-
1905 communist revolution, and the Jewish-led 1917 Bolshevik Revolution. We’re also forbidden to note that the cultural relativism and feminist degeneracy extant in America today can be traced directly to the Jewish Communist founded Frankfurt School of “cultural Marxism” and its Jew-authored screeds.
Nor is it permitted to note that over 75 per cent of the
Russian Bolshevik government were Jews; that those Jews were responsible for the slaughter of over 25 million Russian Orthodox Christians during collectivization; that every Communist revolution in Europe following Wilson’s War was led by Jews; nor that the Communist Party USA was well over 50 per cent Jews (current CPUSA chairman, Gus Hall’s real name is Avro Mike Halberg). Nor is it permitted to note that the Atomic Spy rings of the 1940s and ‘50s were run by Jews; the most strident critics of the House Committee on Un-American Activities and Senator Joseph McCarthy were Jews; that the Communist Frankfurt School inspired “counter culture” revolution of the 1960s was led by Jews; or that the most aggressive intelligence agency operating against America today is tne Mossad.T mean, people might get the wrong idea!
Is the foregoing an indictment of all Jews? Certainty not, which IVe emphasized not only in our personal correspondence but also in The Resister. In fact, in our private correspondence, I made a specific point of looking for a way out of the “Jewish problem,” by asking if a Jew who was an atheist (i.e. Communist) could still be considered a Jew. You confirmed what my researches of Jewish authored works on that very topic revealed— they’re still considered Jews.
So, what am I expected to do?
Chant “not all Jews are Communists” like a mantra every time I overturn a Communist rock and Jewish Bolsheviks scream “anti-Semite!” while scuttling into the obfuscating shadow cast by the Communist Anti-Defamation League of the Masonic (i.e., Luciferian) B’nai B nth? Why do I even bother pointing out that not all Jews are Communists? Out of fairness to Jews who are not Communists, or protectors of Communists (“liberals”). But apparently that’s an exercise in futility, as your letter shows. Perfectly content to let pass without comment finger pointing at African collectivism, you immediately leapt to the defense of your kind when I started getting too precise while pointing at the origins of communism in America and its most strident activists — past and present. All Jews may not be Communists, but Jews who are conservatives have done nothing to stop those who are. What’s that about?
Simply juxtaposing the words, “Jew” and “Communist” evokes “anti-Semite” apoplexy given that “anti-Semite” is an early ADL invention meaning anti-Communist, and was specifically designed to intimidate, smear and silence anti-Communists whose finger pointing became just a little too precise during the early and mid 1900s. That was a clever scam, obviously designed by a professional propagandist who realized Protestant heretics dully regarded (and still regard) Jews as the chosen of God, who could therefore do no wrong, and not as the Talmudic Pharisees Christ denounced as "... children] of hell....” Catholics, however, were not entirely deceived until after Vatican II.
Why, Some of My Best Friends Are...
It is obvious, by simple observation, that not all N egroes are collectivists or parasites or criminals. So I can’t help but wonder if being required pro forma to mutter “not all Jews are Communists” every time Bolshevism is discussed isn’t expected to insult the readership rather than inform them. Or worse, if it isn’t the manifestation of a kind of self-inflicted thought control intended to be inflicted upon the readership (using the writer as the vehicle) to play-
down, in their minds, Jewish complicity in communism and its front organizations and “movements. ”That would certainty be consistent with most writers’ reluctance to identify the authors of Jewish activism and Bolshevism as Jews in reaction to the constant “anti-Semite!” screaming whenever Jews are criticized for any reason, just as “newspapers” refuse to identify the race of criminal suspects out of fear of being called “racist, (another Jewish Communist invented swearword).
Anything written about Jews that doesn’t cloy and drip with syrupy sweetness is automatically branded as “hate speech” which, not coincidentally,
Christian” being apostasy is in reference to the relatively modern phenomenon of the Judaization (read communization) of Christianity. By what rationale alleged Christians accept without the slightest protest hyphenated singularity with Jews, who not only deny Christ, let alone His divinity, but also the Triune nature of Goa, eludes me. Odd, however, that you should bring Satanism into the argument, given Christ’s candid denunciation of the Talmudic Pharisees, and the Jewish Encyclopaedia's candid admission that modern Jews are Talmudic Pharisees. However, you forgot to mention those Jewish lawyers whose deafening anti-not a Christian yapping advances the lie of
(like “creating an at-	Israel isl
mosphere”) isyet an-	. .
other Jewish country, It IS a criminal “separation ofchurchl
Communist inven-	enterorise	and state»” but who
tion. As is the defa-	*	*	are stone dumb when
mation tactic of	I
eventually suggesting in the media that anti-Communists who gain prominence are “mad;” a form of attack with origins in the Talmud, which uses it against Christ.
Frankly, when some Russian Jew pompously declares that American Christians “are going to lay down their lives to help the Jews [in Israel], whether the Jews believe in Jesus or not” my response is, well, unprintable. Israeli Jews count on no one to provide for their defense? Good!
Screw them, then. America can stop squandering tens of thousands of millions in tax extorted welfare handouts on Israel, and Germany can stop paying Israel thousands of millions in extorted “guilt Geld.” Funny, I thought I saw US Army Patriot missile batteries, US made F16s, US made M60A3 tanks, US made M113 APCs, US made artillery, and US made M16 armed Israeli soldiers in Israel during Bush’s War. I must have been dreaming, seeing as how Israel is so self-sufficient and all. Self-sufficiency must also be the reason Mossad steals American military technology secrets, sells them to the Chinese, who then give them to the Pakistanis and Iranians, which Israel then calls “proof” it needs more US “aid” to protect it from the evil Arabs.
Israel is not a country, it is a criminal enterprise.
My remark about the term “Judeo-
it comes to the extortion of American taxpayers to “support” the Jewish theocracy in Israel. Of course, those same Jews who tirelessly yammer for atheistic (read communistic) government in America won’t emigrate to theocratic Israel. That would be counterproductive, wouldn’t it?
For practical purposes, the translation of the Talmud into Latin in the 13th century sparked the Inquisition after the Church tumbled to its execrations against Christians and its revilement of gentiles. Last time I checked, those sentiments in the Talmud had not been deleted or changed. So why should the Talmud’s malignant designs be ignored by its intended Christian and gentile victims today? Jews tirelessly whine about being “persecuted;” a theme kept active by Jewish Communists and exemplified by their ceaselessly intoned “persecution” mantra, “anti-Semitism.” Personally, given the Talmud’s lawlessness toward Christians and gentiles, I think the word prosecution is more accurate. The victims finally got fed up.
You are correct that “we” will never discuss the holocaust, because it is forbidden—byjewish Bolsheviks— to honestly, intelligently and objectively discuss the holocaust. Indeed, in Europe and Canada it is illegaly according to “laws” written byjewish Bolsheviks and enacted by their gen-
tile scuts, to honestly, intelligently and objectively discuss the holocaust.! Said Taws’ (read, political crimes) are soon to be inflicted upon America in order to silence honest, intelligent and objective discussion about anyA thing having to do with Jews. Unless, of course, its gratuitous fawning. Cui Asm? Jewish Bolsheviks. Certainly nafrajy ebe benefits. The Communist ADL, professional propagandists and our sell anointed censors and thought Gestapo, demand ’tolerance” for this. They re right, given that tolerate! means that
ns putt mg up with something b disagreeable.
Closing
You are not in my ’battle sights,’ Mme. “X," because I honestly don't think, based on our private correspondence, that you are a Bolshevik. My lament is that non-Communist, non-liberal Jews who are truly conservatives (not’neo-cons," who are nothing more than socialists with a gripe against Communists), and who consider themselves Americans first and Jewish only by religion, do not stridently denounce then Bolshevik (by definition Zionist) land for the willful Destroyers of America they are. Conservative Negroes seem to have more guts in that regard (Lc., identifying and opposing the destroyers among then own race) than Jews who claim to be conservatives. That b the lament of any ocher honest anti - Bolshevik — including "sledgehammer* Huck(we lovingly call her "Slasher”) — which, by definition, excludes Nazb who, as worn well know are attacked in The Reabcer as consistently as Communists. Or maybe conservative Jews don't care, and figure communism won't be so bad after all, given that "anti-Semitism” is a political crime retry place else except in America —-I for now.
Comments by Dr. Huck
D| on’t blame me for the little IV things. Sergeant Barry writes tne topic headers. That was a new one on me.
The RESISTE
As for my ’sledgehammer” approach, 1 try to say things in a brief out effective manner. Because I tend to quip that humor is ’my edged weapon of choice,” I ^ am sometimes known
as a Slasher.	Jews	are forever whin- cvcr they go, bad
When 1 recount	'*
incidents which are
could go on. The civilized response out oigoyim would be, “No, we are aware, and you are not going to do this to us.”
_____ Jews are forever
whining that wher-
• .t . t	things eventually
mg that wherever they happen. You would
ritually denounced as bad things eventu- thui that, after mil-“anti-Semitic,” 1 am ® 9	®	__	lennia of experience
simply calling atten- ally happen. IOU with uncivilized re-
tion to episode after would think that, after sponses, smart Jew episode inwhich Jew-	.	would nave engaged
ish groups (or such millennia of expen- inabitofself-exami-
Jewish dominated encewith uncivilized «•*«« andA™* cat s-paws as the	out why this keeps
American Civil Lib- responses, smart Jews happening to just
I erties Union) arel conducting an organized aggression against the values and practices of the host society. It is perfectly clear that these groups seek to “de-1 Christianize” the	—
United States, whether the Christian majority likes it or not.
The aggression is entirely on the Jewish side — the subversion of the culture, the bullying and the looting. I have to admit that we act like stupid plow-oxen by submitting to this sort of thine. It would not be ’anti-Semitic” to simply stand up and say, with a no-nonsense smile, “No, you are not going to do this to us.”
The ecstatic hope of plundering a further ’$90 to $140 billion” out of non-Jews in the name of the Holo-caust, as expressed in the December! meeting at the State Department, even turned Charles Krauthammer’s stomach. But if the goyim submit to it, why should the Edgar Bronfman's restrain themselves?
The Holocaust is an “industry," a “prized possession. "Mass murder has been aO too common during the 20th Century; tens of millions of others have died in many other countries. The Ukrainian ’holocaust," which more than decimated a nation, was at ground level imposed by Jewish Bolsheviks, but we don't hear about that.
1 don't like the Anti-Defamation League setting itself up as a private political police outfit, or as I sometimes put it, a ’tribal Gestapo. ” I don't like American foreign policy serving Israel, not the United States. One
would have engaged in a bit of self-examination and figured out why this keeps happening to just them.
them.
III
"Ethnically
Speaking”
My response to Larry Meeks' nationally syndicated column, 25 December 1998, in the Fayetteville Observer-Times (a Pravda subsidiary).
Stereotyping
N
ormally, I just scan columns like Mr. Meeks' to keep tabs on the latest anti-white, anti-Western civilization brainwashing themes. I seldom respond to them. But when I do, I usually get published. Mr. Meeks published my response to one of his columns suggesting the military was “racist" because there are so few Negroes in special operations units. Meeks cited objective standards, like having to swim 50 meters in uniforms and boots, as a traditionally discriminatory. I put him at parade rest and explained reality to him. He admitted he’d have to “rethink" the issue. But this column of Mr. Meeks explicitly advances the agenda that declares discussion
of racial differences a thought crime. It therefore begged comment.
My response to Mr. Meeks below is admittedly rather heated (even by Resister standards) and tends to paint with a fairly broad stereotype brush. I don’t apologize for that. My observation is that stereotypes create themselves. There have been, and are, some remarkable exceptions to the rule; and any reasonable man admires their individual success.Those exceptions are remarkable because they are exceptions. Think of a stereotype as a pebble beach. Among the masses of dross one occasionally finds precious and semiprecious stones. Those up-close discoveries, however admirable, do not alter the overall nature and composition of the beach when viewed from afar. And thus it is with the African race in American society and culture.
For those of you who are not familiar with the Ruth Sherman saga, she is one of those dimwitted, doe eyed, white liberal females who actually believes all the egalitarian agitprop about the "disadvantaged” and "at risk” she’d stupidly and uncritically swallowed her entire life. You know the kind, the blithering, tear dripping dolts who float candles on placid pools to “save the Earth” — and believe it. Her first teaching assignment was a predominantly black school in Brooklyn. On her first attempt to worship at the altar of multiculturalism by reading Nappy Hair to her nappy-haired charges she was savaged by the little beasts’ nappy-haired parents, was accused of "racism,” and even received death threats. She whined that she was just trying to “raise their self esteem,” was hurt, and disappointed and didn’t understand what all the shrieking was about. Stupid cow.
The Column
Dear Larry: I think the teacher Ruth aherman was not treated fairly. She is the Brooklyn teacher that (sic) read the book "Nappy Hair” to her class. It is obvious from all the reports she is a sensitive person who truly cares about all of her students.
I have seen this book, and it is the nicest children’s book I have ever read.
The parents who protested against her were wrong, and all they did was lose another good teacher because the spineless school board did not stand up for what is right. How are we ever going to have good relations if we can’t even talk about something as harmless as hair? //S// Disgusted.
Dear Disgusted:
When one is outside the race, it is never safe to comment upon racial characteristics.
One never knows how the group will react. Some will think it is instructive and tasteful, and others will consider it an insult.
Negative reactions like this are true of all groups that| consider themselves victims. When a group achieves higher status, it is safer to discuss differences.
As I have said before, when dealing with this issue, proceed with the caution of a male praying mantis seeking a mate or else one may lose a (sic) head.
That Sounds Like a Threat to Me
Note the measured sentiment from "Disgusted” in relation to Mr. Meeks’ response. As I’ve been saying for years, there is no value in being polite to the enemy. In his weekly column, Mr. Meeks generally paints whites with a pretty broad brush as “racists,” either overt or, more commonly, "subtle.” The phrase "subtle racism” is yet another thought control device intended to reinforce the notion that Negroes are “victims” of a civilization they could not have created and cannot adapt to, and to make whites feel guilty about it. Subtle white racism is when Negroes fail to advance themselves no matter how far backwards whites bend to accommodate them, or no matter how much force is exerted against whites to make them accommodate them, or how much money is extorted from whites by government to finance "programs” from which Negroes as a whole consistently fail to achieve, as
Meeks phrases it, "higher status.” Negroes believe status is the cause of success, a government grant that is somehow owed to them, but is being constantly sabotaged by an evil conspiracy of subtle white racism. The fact that status is an effect of competence, industriousness, and intelligence utterly eludes them. That should come as no surprise, given that American Negroes did not earn their citizenship, it was a blanket government grant to African slave labor. Their first undeserved welfare handout. A crude assessment, but true.
Negroes are not “victims” of “subtle white racism,” whites are victims of the N egroes’ very presence on this continent.
Dear Mr. Meeks:
our admonishment, "When one is outside of the race, it is never safe to comment upon racial characteristics,” is nothing less than intellectual blackmail. Do you seriously demand that Whites censor their own words when discussing the very real and obvious biological, psychological and epistemological differences between the races? What’s next, official censorship along the lines of Canada’s totalitarian "hate” speech “laws?” Of course you do, and of course it is.
Only, you forgot to mention the inevitable consequence, Thought Crime; which is the honest description of the utterly meaningless phrase now in use to control thought, “creating a climate.”The logicaloutcome of “hate” speech “laws,” and "creating a climate” is not only official censorship — a blatant violation of the unalienable right of freedom of speech — but also to make any honest discussion of racial differences a political crime.
Your race’s (historically proven) Communist led “civil rights* movement has already inflicted welfare socialism (and worse), the negation of freedom of association, and the abro-
She whined that she was just trying to “raise their self esteem,” was hurt, and disappointed and didn’t understand what all the shrieking was about.
Stupid cow.
>
gation of the inviolability of property rights, upon America. Don’t deny it. 1
1 remember the signs, “Human rights over property rights” during the demonstrations that preceded the inevitable “non violent” rioting and looting that gave that Communist bromide expression.
Let’s face it Mr. Meeks. Any open and honest discussion of the differences between the races puts the African race in a markedly inferior position vice Whites and Asians. This fact has nothing to do with a lack of “equality of opportunity,” or “poverty,” or any of the other hollow excuses for your race’s failures and behavior problems given by you, or your race’s other spokesmen. The simple fact is that genes cannot be altered by environment.
Race is not a “social convention” as Communist egalitarians demand we believe — at gun point, incidentally. Race is genetically, not socially or environmentally determined. Genetic predisposition is therefore inherent in each of any race’s stock. Thus, if the existence of the African race is marked by its squalor and “poverty” and “disadvantage” it is because they are genetically, that is biologically, psychologically, and epistemologically, incapable of rising above those conditions by their own efforts; no matter how enviously they gaze upon that which they could not nave created — indeed, could not have even conceived of themselves—while demanding a parasitic “equal share” of it.
Thanks to the Army, I’ve traveled extensively throughout Africa and Haiti. Before 1 did 1 was prone toward egalitarianism, racially anyway, myselfT I was quickly undeceived. Close contact with objective reality soon disabused me of any egalitarian fantasies regarding the African race, and pointedly revealed the deliberate lies inherent in the Army’s Communist inspired equal opportunity brainwashing sessions. 1 am now an unrepentant advocate of segregation.
My advocacy of segregation, both societal and within the military, is not out of malice. It was arrived at through patient study. Study that often caused me to reconsider previously held beliefs and premises inflicted upon me by the unrelenting propaganda machinery of your race s
The RESISTER
Establishment allies. But reality and truth cannot be denied merely because they contradict our wishes and utopian fantasies. When your race was rationally segregated from White society America was free and prosperous. When America was segregated the genetic predisposition of your race to puerile and violent behavior was largely confined to your own communities, and swiftly dealt with when it spilled over »«««««« into White communities.
The integration of the African race into
In short, sir, the integration of your race
rare exceptions. Your race shunned his wise message. W.E.B. Du Bois was your rule. You embraced his Communism. You are, consequently, still Africans, still aliens in a culture could not create, yet you demand uncritical metaphysical-egalitarian deference from Whites.
What good has come from integration? Your race has devastated our cities and riddled our neighborhoods _____ with crime and squalor. Your race has eviscerated our schools, crippled scholastic standards,
White society has in- into White Society has Africanized our flicted nothing but . .	,	«.	*	^	children.	Your	race
visited nothing but
criminal anarchy, political tyranny, and the abrogation of individual rights upon Whites — as your race has done in ev-
cultural, economic, political and judicial vandalism upon
has infected our businesses with “affirmative	action”
incompetents. Your race is inherently incapable of governing
ery other White na- America. No good has itself, yetyoudemsmd tion it has infected.	come	of	it.	equal	representation
Integration has not	*	in our governance.	In
advanced the quality of your race one iota, or your status in society, except through blatantly artificial constructs like “affirmative action,” which have accomplish nothing except to prove that your race needs quotas because you are incapable of succeeding through your own efforts, and by your own merits. Blaming Whites for your race’s inherent disposition to failure, what you call “victimization,” sounds suspiciously like a tick cursing a flea collar.
I admit there are, and have been, some remarkable exceptions among you. But they only serve to prove the rule. Booker T. Washington cautioned your race to become self-reliant, to keep to itself, and to embrace Western culture and civilization and emulate White mores if you were to ever become accepted as productive members of American society. Instead, your race embraced the Communist integrationist vitriol of W.E.B. Du Bois. Your race has thereby demonstrated that it can only loot White culture and institutions; that your race cannot build, only destroy. A tour through Africa or Haiti is the objective proof.
My observation is that collectivism is inherent in the genetic makeup of your race. Booker T. Washington was one of your all too
short, sir, the integration of your race into White society has visited nothing but cultural, economic, political and judicial vandalism upon America. No good has come of it.
You state, “When the group achieves higher status, it is safer to discuss differences.” First, when you say “the group” you mean your race. Your dissembling reveals your inherent dishonesty. Second, the achievement you seek is not expected to be through the merits and accomplishments of individuals of your race through their own efforts, rather collectively, by legislative fiat; in other words, at the point of government’s gun—by totalitarianism. Third, you know as well as I that proposed “hate” legislation will obviate even the remotest pretense “to discuss differences.” This reveals your deepest hypocrisy. Finally, your statement, “...or else one may lose a [sic] head,” is a blatant threat that honest discussions about racial differences by Whites are expected to be treated as political crimes.
Your race shrieks and screams every time it is criticized. In the face of the collectivist destruction and criminal havoc your race has wreaked upon America your complaints leave me cold. The simple fact is that your
race does not, nay cannot, tolerate honest criticism because honesty about your race is its greatest enemy.
Dr. Huck’s Comments
The basic, intractable, unmentionable problem is the over lapping bell curves of intelligence. On average, blacks weigh in about one standard deviation below whites in intelligence, placing the average IQat about 85 instead of 100.
This does not mean there are no smart blacks. It does mean there are proportionately very few of them, and they tend to be dragged down by the great mass of not very swift people around them. I saw this in Belize, where the small minority of intelligent and competent blacks (who had not taken up politics, that is) were constantly leeched upon by extended family and neighbors. I am not in the least surprised by a “brain drain” of intelligent blacks out of Africa.
The condition of Africa — past, present, and foreseeable future — is a massive demonstration of the consequences. Before whites arrived (Arabs even before Europeans), no wheel, no writing, no permanent structures, no bridges, no ships braving the sea, not even a calendar. But plenty of bloodshed, and fairly revolting religions centered on such basics as semen and gore.
No black society has been able to maintain a civilization, much less develop one. The best that can be hoped for is adaptation and even contribution1 to somebody else’s. It is not a point I would belabor under ordinary circumstances. But I do not accept the deliberate denigration of whites and of Western civilization, along with the insistence that we disbelieve facts and evidence — all of which is instigated by white socialists. (I refuse to engage in the meaningless exercise of distinguishing between communists, socialists, and liberals.) The socialist line is happily picked up by black “leaders” who are keen to lead the Parasite Parade. Blacks who make sense are treated quite badly by both white socialists and black “leaders.”
'Dr. Huck called just as this issue went to layout and request the phrase, “...and even contribution...” be added to the original sentence. The conversation went like this:
(Puzzled) “Contribution?”, I asked.
“Well,” she said, “we should give them some credit.”
“I..., (flabbergasted) but....” “Oh, come on; poor Thomas Sowell!”
“Sue, I’ve looked for their contributions [to Western civilization], and I can’t find....”
“Those three words, some stinking credit, for Christ’s sake.” “Okay, (disbelief) all right... (typing in, reading back addition) you’re in.”
The Resister’s ladies are a pretty feisty crew, but they are always ladies. [SMB]
Resister Distributors
The Resister keeps a limited number of back issues on hand, and we charge double the cover price for them because our press overrun is only ten percent. Once they are gone, that is it. These individuals may have back issues no longer available through The Resister at their original cover price.
The Silent .45	C-FAR
PO Box 4588	PO Box 332
Santa Rosa, CA 95402	Rexdale
www.silent45.com	Ontario, M9W 5L3 Canada
Bohica Concepts PO Box 546	Arizona Response Systems
Randle, WA 98377	5501N. 7th Ave., Ste. 1005 Phoenix, AZ 85013-1755
Paladin Arms 320 Main Street	Advanced Solution Providers
Longmont, CO 89501	324 Datura, Ste. 345 West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Wildman's 2879 South Main St.	R. Crabtree
Kennesaw, GA 30144	2929 Hoyt, #515 Everett, WA 98201
Michael Paul; McClinton General Devlivery	Larry Bills
Girard Post Office	4806 NW Radial Hwy., #2
Girard, Pennsylvania [16417]	Omaha, NE 68104
Michael Galatin	Lawrence Hummel
407 Avenue H.	PO Box 66556
South Houston, TX 77587	Chicago, IL 60666-0566
The RESISTER
AMERICA’S DEATH BY 1,000 CUTS
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
LOBOTOMY
MILLS
Two Eyenings at the Brain Laundry
Fart I:	Hp||l^
*1 Choose Not to Read...”
A
white South African professorfaced the thankless task of .addressing a group at Washington College on SA politics. White-ruled was Bad and black-ruled was Good, but beyond that the students "hadn’t a due.” Only one asked a question — “What can we Americans learn from the South African experience" of moving from white-rule to black-rule?
It was so inane. Like, how can we move from first-world to third-world status, which is what South Africa is doing? The professor couldn’t think of a response.
This college hates it when I ask questions. Often, I must sit up front so that the audience may notice how long my hand has been ignored. But in this case, the South African professor had no further questions from the uncomprehending, so I was free to jab home a few points.
The SA professor had brought up, in a matter-of-fact manner, the existence of the South African Com-I munist Party. As those who know] anything know, the SACP has always run Mandela’s African National Congress. Those %sho know anything were not present in this group.
So 1 said “You mentioned that the SACP was unhappy with the ANC and might go it alone. Why would they do that? Why would the brain separate itself from the body? The SACP has no other base than the ANC." (Answer. Well, actually, they might not separate.)
“In 1994, they didn’t count the votes, they merely assigned percentages. Wifi they count the votes in 1999?” (Answer: Well, there was a lot of disorder in 1994.)
“I consider the Truth Commission to be a sophisticated ____________
psychological operation aimed at destroy-	The first Student
ing the morale of	r	r
whites. What is the query came from a te-
Truth Commission saying	about
necklacing?”
I am notorious for pressing upon Washington College students desperately unwanted information. I had prepared and distributed a leaflet consisting of two pages from die Aida Parker Newsletter detailing the murder of nearly 600 white farmers since 1994, and two pages of excerpts from articles of mine on South African affairs. One included a lurid description of necklacing taken directly from Newsweek (page 34, June 2, 1986). The practice of publicly burning people alive in rubber tires was found excusable by Newsweek, Tom Brokaw, and other American liberals because it was such an effective terrorist measure. They said so.
Faced with such information, one student handed back the leaflet with a haughty “I choose not to read this type of dung.” Here was a college success-story, a well-trained liberal already adept at self-censorship!
Part II:
Fiasco Time!
male air-head. Like beads on a string, she emitted every leftist cliche she had ever heard. Her little speech neither called for nor received an answer.
T
he lecture series at Washington College probably bottomed out early in the aca-
demic year with speakers from Castro’s paradise. Posters featured an ever-youthful Che Guevara. The delegation consisted of one non-English-speaker, who had to be translated phrase by phrase, and one mumbling defective-English-speaker.
Neither of them ever made sense. Doubters are welcome to my copious notes. Churned together were fragments of Commie-speak, lib-speak, enviro-speak, and odd strands from outer space. There were contemporary buzzwords like globalization, di-_	versity,	and
multiculturalism. They disinterred ancient Club of Rome gloom-and-doom and the hoary “North-South^ cliche, but completely overlooked “global warming.” Neo-liberalism was never explained, but Fidel’s phony “reform” of his original “land reform” was. The spoke of “sustainable” this and _________ that. The word “sustainable” tells us that the speaker has picked up verbiage from the major American liberal foundations. The enviro-moan was heard—“when the last grain of corn, the last drop of oil... we re all in die j same boat, and the boat is sinking.
A faculty newcomer took seriously the mumbler’s assertion of negative | global economic growth, bolted over to the library, and returned to flaunt the latest United Nations figures to the contrary. To no effect; our boat kept sinking.
With a wary eye directed at me, only “students’ questions” were recognized. No problem. 1 might have asked, “What was your point?” at which they would have started oven I The first student query came from a female air-head. Like beads on a string, she emitted every leftist dich6 she had ever heard. Her little speech neither called for nor received an answer. She told me later that she had been ordered to ask a question by the professor of her “immigration <W
YoL V, No. 1
22
Handsome leaflets advertised a two-week jaunt to Cuba for only $2000, should students want more of what they had just experienced. It would be led by the College’s veteran Sandinista, Professor Dan Premo. No word about handing all of them a cane knife so they could participate in the sugar zafra. That would have been Introduction to Hard Work.
We had spent the evening awash in unrelieved nonsense. The students imagined that they had heard something of importance.
The Censorship Award
The editor of a student news paper rejected a paid ad. He then wrote an editorial denouncing the ad that no one would be allowed to see. Any kid can do this. Ah, but the kid was Jewish and the rejected ad questioned details of the Holocaust. The Anti-Defamation League felt that this grand and courageous performance rated “the Bess Myerson Campus Journalism Award for demonstrated excellence... in commentary in the field of intergroup relations.”
The heading over the university article boasting of this fine award asked, MHowfree should the press really be?” You can guess, from this event, that the answer is “not very.”
On the Frontiers of Education....
My alma mater, which I am nowadays ashamed to name, figures that I am old enough to Give Generously. Therefore, it bombards me with evidence of its political correctness. Wouldn’t I like to help endow a third Chair of Holocaust Studies! (They already have two.)
They recently sent me a publication featuring a pair of rather dim-looking women. “Awarding Ph.D.s to these two women is a wonderful achievement,” quoth the Director of the Women’s Studies Program.
The white one wrote a dissertation on how she herself, her mother, and another woman “find time and space for intellectual work in the midst of their complex lives.” The woman burbled that “the six years I spent in
the Women’s Studies Program allowed me to challenge myself intellectually and creatively in a way that went far beyond anything I had done before!”
The black one apparently spent only five years in achieving this pinnacle of learning. “She is preparing to write a book on black lesbians, her particular area of research.” Of course, she has a job teaching women’s studies somewhere else. Thus do the spores fly.
The Bureaucracy Thrives
We are grateful to Campus Report, a publication of Accuracy in Academia, for “outing” Cornell’s Professor Ellis Hanson, who claims that “the erotic fascination with children is ubiquitous... One could hardly read a newspaper or turn on a television without feeling obliged to accept, study, and celebrate it.” At least, that’s what he thinks he sees everywhere, even in the absence of a Calvin Klein ad. He finds it his mission in life to “undermine preconceived notions about what a child is, what sexuality is, and what it means to love or desire a child.”
I can recall when a small college was run by about four administrators and a few secretaries and clerks. Now, of course, administrators overflow entire buildings. At the Univer- ■ sity of Denver, one functionary glories in
Pedophiles are a Victim group, “misunderstood and oppressed,” and “sex is always political, goes the line out of feminist Gayle Rubin. “Like the capitalist organi-i i. zation of labor... the modern sexual sys-Pedophiles are a Vic- tem has been the ob-
the title of Coordi- tim group, “misunder- je« of the politics of nator of Gay/Les- o r>	struggle since	it
bian/Bisexual/ Stood and oppressed,	emerged and has
Trans-Sexual Ser-I vices. But this title is incomplete, omitting as it does the fifth fashionable category.
The title should be Coordinator of GLBTQ_ Services.
The (^stands for Questioning, to serve those students who can’t decide whether they are gay, lesbian, bi, or capable of anything.
Child-Molester Lib
Actually, GLBTQmay have to be extended to GLBTPQ. The latest fad at the “elite” universities is providing sage intellectual underpinnings for pedophiles, men-who-love-little-children. (It is unclear whether there is a matching population of women-who-diddle-little-girls, but Title IX of the Civil Rights Act may demand that one be created.)
Cornell University’s course is entitled “The Sexual Child.” Students read the works of pedophiles who denounce the notion that any child is too young to be, um, interfered with. Readings ofkiddie-pom include glorification of children who are “macho sluts.”
and “sex is always political,” goes the line out of feminist Gayle Rubin.
evolved.... Contemporary sexual politics should	be
reconceptualized in terms of the emergent ongoing devel-^— opment of this system, its social relations, the ideologies which interpret it, and its characteristic modes of conflict.” Child-molesters are “those whose eroticism transgresses generational boundaries.” They represent “different sexual cultures”; what they do is a “unique expression of human inventiveness.”
The University of Southern California’s “Gender and Sexuality Week” featured “performance artist” Annie Sprinkle describing “My 25 Years as a Multimedia Whore.” Ornament of the USC faculty, Professor James Kinkaid, was described as “a supporter of sex between children and adults, who recently authored Erotic Innocence: The Culture of Child Molesting.” Students could also attend a lecture by female-to-male transsexual Loren Cameron. (But how...?)
The Queer Coalition’s annual HomoHop at Vassar College sent four times the usual number of participants to the hospital. No details available on the nature of the injuries.
Not semester — •Necrophilia: The Victimless Crime"
Yes, invest in America. Send a kid to college.
Colombia University Disgraces Itself — Again
What’s new? you might well ask. New York’s Columbia University has given free rein to its politically - correct radicals over the years. In 1968, President Grayson Kirk allowed his office to be trashed and allowed a dean to be held for days against his wilL His faculty^ cheerfully assisted in disrupting the business of the institution, and joined in the usual filthy vandalism.
This time the President of Columbia, George Rupp, smiled indulgently as a rent-a-mob prevented a paid-for, scheduled event not to his liking; he even backed up the mob action with his own slimy tricks designed to keep the money but destroy the conference. And he lied about it.
Rupp loves affirmative action. Accuracy in Academia, a spin-off of Reed Irvine’s Accuracy in Media, had rented space at Columbia for a conference featuring Dinesh d’Souza and Ward Connerly — a brown and a black—who could point out the destructive evils of this unconstitutional system. Rupp liked the color of their money, but not the message.
“As a great center ofleaming, Columbia University prides itself on be- I ing a community committed to free! and open discourse and to tolerance of differing views," it says here. Such statements are as purely decorative as Stalin’s constitution. “Intellectuals" screaming obscenities are backed up by the university administration.
Shorter Notes on Public Education
The nationwide average annual per-pupil cost of public education is said to be $6,857. So kindergarten plus 12 years is abit over $89,000. Costs in New York City or the District of Columbia are very much higher, because vast sums are routinely lavished on students with the least ability or promise.
During a recent uproar in New
York, a white teacher earnestly trying to “raise the self-esteem" of her pupils was nearly lynched by “minority" parents who misinterpreted the message. In passing, it was mentioned that only one percent of pupils at that school could read at grade level or above!
In nearby Jersey City, NJ, we find that unionized teachers earn $57,000 to $67,000 a year, although their “products" can barely read and write, never mind the arithmetic.
Professor Herbert London has snooped around the public schools, seeking some rational explanation for the products arriving at colleges and universities. In “the typical day at most high schools” he found that only about one hour a day is actually devoted to instruction in “science, math, history, and language." (Not one hour for each. One hour altogether.)	««««««______________
“The rest of the	their	young lives,
time is devoted to pep The Ford Foundation they hav^een
English-speaking teachers, while at the Ford Foundation level, where most of the Balkanizing programs are funded, it advances the process of slicing and dicing the American population into antagonistic ethnic voting blocs.
The Ford Foundation has spent more than forty years doing everything possible to create disunity and downgrade the majority of Americans. The Ford Foundation may be said to have planted the seeds of the “victim industry” which so weakens our nation.
Self-Education
hile pondering the condition of the children inhabiting the nation's campuses, I decided that furyis not quite in order. Throughout
rallies, assembly programs, taking attendance in every class, sex ed., drug ed., race relations, student
taught that so long as they bray the liberal party line, all’s well. How are they supposed to know that
announcements, lunch, study periods, and extended breaks between classes."
may be said to have planted the seeds of the “victim industry”
government, school which SO weakens OUf S* W0’™' plays, gym, special	a	tools.''
nation.	How	can	this	be
__first brought to their
attention and then remedied? Brute force would shake them up, but it is not the best method of enlightenment. On the other hand, patient and gentle reme^ad©® just takes too long.
So I had an idea. Every time some college student uncorks a baseless and witless opinion, he or she should be locked in a small room with paper and pen, and informed that he or she wffl not be allowed to go potty until he or she has written at least two pages clearly explaining how the opinion was reached. (The phrase “1 feel.." earns an immediate return to the small room.)
Resentful as they might be of the situation, the blank paper will serve to emphasize the blankness of mind. As biological urgency increases, the products of twelve to sixteen yean of education” may reach the equally uncomfortable realization that they have never been expected to acquire
?ot *P°°n'fed to them upon wtuch to base an opinion.
V°L V, No. 1
How Schools Can Look Good
That’s easy. Find ways to make sure the low- scorers don’t have to take the standard tests. The National Assessment of Educational Progress has often produced embarrassing data. Ah, but those classed as “learning-disabled" need not be included.
Bilingual education programs now provide another vast reservoir of students who “should not be" included in the testing program. These students are labeled LEPs, meaning “limited English proficient." Bilingual education is “sold" to the rubes as a way of helping non-English-speaking students to learn English. , But that is not now and never was the actual goal. At ground level, bilingual education provides jobs for non-
24
Should their "explanations” consist of a further string ofbaseless opinions, as is the likely initial outcome, the process can continue point by point. The desired end result would be the long overdue realization that facts, plus actual, logical thought processes based upon them, are the necessary forerunners of an opinion of any value or worthy of any respect.
Moving from this initial productive insight, the next question would be, "What information would you need in order to develop an intelligent opinion on this subject?” Make them think about this. Where to find, and then how to evaluate information is, of course, one of the things they are supposed to teach in college, not where to find term papers to plagiarize.
Once this begins to sink in, that victim of "education” may begin to resent the scam by which he or she has been victimized.
f, OUR NOMENKLATURA..
Political Dynasties
We Americans are lumbered with an increasing number of political dynasties. We are all too aware of the Kennedy dynasty — generations of them spending money to elect themselves to public office. Last November, that lard bucket, Teddy Kennedy, joined another clan politician to deplore "hunger” in Boston. Some years ago, Teddy waddled into a camp for starving Africans, where children looked like grotesque black spiders. The whole camp could have red offTeddy for a week.
A Bush Dynasty is into its third generation, counting from Grandpa Prescott Bush of Connecticut. No surprise that we see Texas Governor George Bush accompanying his daddy to Egypt, from thence to make the political pilgrimage to Tel Aviv in order to don the yarmulke and indicate his subservience.
We haven’t seen a fresh generation of Rockefellers yet, after Nelson and Winthrop and Jay, but then, the more sage members of the dynasty prefer to
avoid the spotlight. But Indiana is spawning a Bayh dynasty.
And then there’s the Gore dynasty. A1 Gore’s daddy (finally!) died. We should not ever forget that Soviet agent Armandl Hammer, for whom the senior Gore fronted for so many years, paid to have Junior grow up in a Washington hotel and attend the "best ” private schools. We need not be surprised that Junior fronts for the Red Chinese.
The only good news on this front is that pro wrestler Jesse “the Body” Ventura| slammed to the mat Minnesota’s! wannabe governor, Hubert Humphrey III.
Diane Sawyer as the Clintons* "Junkyard Bitch”
The manic James Carville is, of Icourse, the epitome of the I White House junkyard dog.” But Snakehead does tend to cause snickering, followed by change of channel. Carville has been rabid all along on the subject of Kenneth Starr, and by no stretch of anyone’s imagination could Carville function as an interviewer.
The White House snoops having been unable to find any dirt on Starr, what to do? That’s easy. Smear him for being too clean! Diane Sawyer was tapped for the task. She bored in on him, establishing that he was a Christian and took his religion seriously, was never a rotten kid, had never cheated on his wife, had novices thus far detected, had even "lived in the same house for 21 years.” Starr said he “revered” the law, believed in such a thing as "truth,” and asserted flat-out that one must "never, never, never” lie under oath.
On and on it went, with Ms Sawyer suggesting at regular intervals that anyone this square is "out of touch.” Then, seeking to exploit what appeared to be his rather naive honesty, she invited him repeatedly to provide some wedge evidence of his own weakness, self-doubt, or flaws in
his work. Starr did not entirety elude the trap, but on the other hand, he was not that naive.
Starr, having had a fresh jolt of betrayal out of his "ethics advisor,” Sam Dash, who planted the knife hilt deep between his shoulder-blades at the opportune moment, has been reminded	that
honorable people simply place themselves at a potentially fatal disadvantage by attempting to deal honorably with those who find honor laughable.
As many of us have had sad occasion to discover, honorable dealings can be conducted only among honorable people.
Our Black and Female President Clinton
Again, thanks to Campus Report, we learn that columnist Suzanne Fields reported on an event at New York University to protest Clinton’s upcoming impeachment. “Novelist Mary Gordon, inspired by Toni Morrison’s earlier idea that Bill Clinton is our first black president (because he behaves like black men she knows), suggested that we think of him as our first female president — because his libidinal longings are a catalyst for right-wing phobias.”
Given friends like those, plus the lunatic Carville, tho-thweet Barney Frank, Pornographer Royal to the Establishment Larry Flynt and the rest of the Clinton’s freak-show supporters, a sane society would laugh Clinton out of office.
"But Aside From That...”
He didn’t do anything wrong. Leon Panetta, testifying on behalf of Clinton’s former Secretary of Agriculture, said at Mike Espy’s tnal, "I wasn’t concerned about whether it was a criminal violation.... I was worried about a conflict of interest.”
...honorable people simply place themselves at a potentially fatal disadvantage by attempting to deal honorably with those who find honor laughable.
Espy was indicted on dozens of counts — receiving illegal gratuities and favors “for himself, his girlfriend, and his family* over the fifteen months that the good times rolled, “witness tampering, misuse of government funas, mail and wire fraud, failing to disclose his receipt of gifts and other favors on public financial disclosure forms, lying to federal investigators, and crossing state lines to commit crimes.”
The many who bribed Espy were convicted, but the black cabinet member who received the bribes “walked,* acquitted by a Washington jury of eleven blacks and one white. Espy’s lawyers claimed that Espy “never did anything in return for the gifts received.” That sounds like another land of fraud.
...HATES US...
Bianca Jagger Speaks
This air head, famous for having married Mick Jagger, of fered President Clinton scientific and foreign policy advice, along with good reason to accept it. She informed Clinton that, in her expert opinion, Hurricane Mitch was a result of “global warming,” and that sending tons of money to her native Nicaragua was both an obligation and very smart, the reason being that Nicaraguans like herself and her family consistently vote Democratic in U.S. elections.
That’s good enough for Bill
Wolves and the Nanny State
Put a white wig on Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt and he does looklike Grandma. Put the wig on a Mexican wolf, and it does look like the one in Little Red Riding Hood. What a combination.
The Feds play Good Cop to the ecofreaks’ Bad Cop, but their game is the tame — to reestablish wolves, grizzlies, and other predators where humans dare to live. Babbitt’s Department of the Interior in its infinite wisdom, planted its pet wolves
Food is Bad for You
Wl
only seven miles outside of Alpine,
Arizona, as well as in the Yellowstone area.
“Less than a year after their highly-touted reintroduction effort, wolves are no longer roaming free in Arizona.” Six of the eleven are dead, and five have been recaptured. Bruce is play- ..-....  ■
ingbridesmaid to two	before I became
males, who have been By that time, US dissi- bored with the
placed in pens to get dents will probably be P'Tf Mestis bad, ♦ft irnftw thftir new	the	Food Police
are out to make cer-
e knew that. Decades ago, just for fun, I once started a list entitled (Fill in the blank) Causes Cancer. It seems to me that beer and dams — made it onto the list
to know their new mates. “The other three were recaptured because of the deaths of their mates or be-
ifl the camps, unable to recommend alternatives to those who
them alone.'
tain that meat, if you must eat it at all, is neither undercooked nor overcooked.
________ ____Milk products are
The front of the boob tube also under attack.
m^mb/rs^dTft sucked Acir thumbs in
Feds cannot bear the thought of a lonely wolf.
All the wolves’ problems are “human-caused," quoth Babbitt’s spokeslady, “There are terrorists trying to sabotage the program. We will find them and prosecute them.”
On the other hand, Yours Truly laughed aloud when Babbitt’s bad-cop allies, the eco-terrorists, torched the Vail ski lodge. There, they were stepping on the toes of the Beautiful People who ski at Vail. Assaulting the lives and livelihoods of Little People
—	farmers, ranchers, loggers, miners
—	is quite acceptable to liberals, who just naturally despise productive people. The Vail operation was supposedly on behalf of the lynx, nonexistent in the area now but destined to replace ski-runs if Babbitt and the ecofreaks can manage it.
On another front, the plan is to round up 150 lynxes in Canada and plant them in Colorado.
The eco-terrorists are also targeting the American Farm Bureau. Quit fighting us in court or we’ll blow you up and leave your dead bodies around, is the message being received at the Farm Bureau’s various headquarters.
Among our readers familiar with I irregular warfare, do you recognize the pairing of aboveground “legal” organizations which daintily deny any association with the underground illegals?
while it crept up on them.
The vegans are determined to get us all I on tofu, while the ecofreaks are determined to clear away ranches and livestock farms so that the land can revert to bush.
The short rule is, “If it had a mother, don’t eat it." (True!) Some cranks now claim that there is arsenic in mashed potatoes. Eating peanut-butter could kill you, and stop the world, lest some delicate soul sniff an airline peanut and die.
To moan, as some columnigtt| have, that foundation-sponsored
cranks “are changing the way we look
at food” is a bit of a stretch. For the most part, the would-be food police can still be ignored. Sometimes they can even be laughed offstage, which is what seems to have happened to the great Airline Peanut Ban.
Yet you can’t dismiss this nonsense just because it cannot be imposed now. Enthusiastic food-police point out that ten years ago the successful assault on the tobacco industry would have been considered unthinkable. Thus, there can be a Sin Tax on food in your future. Talking to each other, the Food Police regard their dreams as attainable.
By that time, us dissidents will probably be in the camps, unable to recommend alternatives to those who sucked their thumbs in front of the boob tube while it crept up on them. In Comrade Mao’s paradise, the authorities were handing out recipes for pumpkin-leaf soup as scrawny citizens performed calisthenics in the frosty
dawn, paced by music from the tinny communal loudspeaker. It won't be anything new.
Why Haven’t They Thought of This Before?
Open your newspaper, and there is whining and gnashing of teeth about the late Tyrone Gilliam, executed in 1998 for a 1985 robbery and murder. Gilliam’s “supporters” sniffle that “he never had a fair trial or a fighting chance to appeal,” although the 13-year delay was due to “sixteen reviews by state and federal courts.” In the final week, “judges in four courts refused to hear” yet another round of appeals. There is further keening over the Maryland death-row inmate “whose case is farthest along.” Eugene Colvin stabbed a woman 28 times — back in 1980! These people clogged the system for thirteen and eighteen years, respectively.
Executions by lethal injection are essentially the same as Kevorkian’s method. Where could a more experienced executioner be found? He’s even cheap. Jack the Dripper loves killing people, and he never seems to attract the candlelight-vigil crowd. He could clear out the nation’s death rows in no time.
The ACLU Strikes Again
You can’t have a “Bible Week”! The American Civil Liberties Committee declares it a threat to the very fabric of society. “Bible Week* is just another of the hundreds of meaningless “declarations” that governors issue, and this one entails no ceremonies and no public expense.
But just calling attention to the Bible is so atrocious! One waits in vain for the ACLU to protest the high holidays of the liberal-socialist-communist religion, such as Earth Day/ Lenin’s Birthday, or May Day.
Only the Best for Our Druggies
Needle “exchangeresumed in D.C.,” it says in the Wash ington Times of December
3,1998. “If we don’t get back out there [with free clean needles], they are going to get back to the high risk behavior such as sharing needles,” quoth a —	——
paid “program manager. ” The nannies go out to locations
Were talking extor-tion, not logic. The
known to police as	.	,
centers of drug activ- gun-grabbers are game
for any tactic which will disarm the law-abiding.
ity” (but evidently ignored by police) in order to urge hygienic practices upon
these worthless _______________
people. Otherwise
they might infect each other and die.
The federal government alone poured $46 million, in 1998, on the “estimated 350,000 Washington area residents with serious drug problems.” That 350,000 has to be a substantial percentage of whatever base population they are talking about. It couldn’t be only the District, because that would mean that over half the population ofD.C. had “a serious drug problem.”
In January, President Clinton asked for $215 million just for the addicts in the prison system!
"Ignorance of the Law...”
Is “no excuse,” is the rule employed to terrorize lowly citizens. But ignorance of the law, if you are a lawyer and a ranking politician is different. So went Attorney General Janet Reno’s so-called reasoning when she refused to allow investigation of massive and obvious violations of election and campaign-finance laws during the Year of the Rat, 1996, when Red Chinese money gushed in to fuel the Democratic Party’s campaign.
“I find dear and convincing evidence of a lack of knowing and willful criminal intent,” quoth Miss Reno. Translation: Nobody shoved under my nose signed statements by Bill Clinton ana A1 Gore, both lawyers, stating their intention to violate the law. Reno is not saying, you will notice, that they didn’t violate the law.
Congressman Dan Burton (R-IN) and Senator Fred Thompson (R-TN), who had dug deepfy into these matters, found Reno’s pitiful cop-out
disgusting. We await their actions in the next Congress, if Republicans can gird their loins for any kind of combat. Senator Orrin
--------------Hatch (R-UT),
merely whined that Reno had “failed to address the issue.” We may have to wait a tad longer for outgoing Senator John Glenn (D-OH), the gutsy astronaut, to confess in
______________his memoirs how he
bought himself that final ride in space by obstructing the Thompson investigation — carrying water for our disgraceful president.
...WITH A PASSION
That Tobacco Settlement
T
he loot! My God, the loot! A Maryland lawyer, Peter Angelos, is down for one billion dollars, should he live the twenty-fiveyears required to receive it.
That’s his share of the Big Tobacco payoff to the Maryland state government. But hey, forty million a year for life is not too shabby either.
Needless to say, within the week a huge boost in cigarette prices was announced, so it’s the smokers who will pay for the legal shakedown. It could be worse. It could be all of us.
Guns Next
A!
ttaddng gun manufacturers instead of criminals — why .not? We’re talking extortion, not logic. The gun-grabbers are game for any tactic which will disarm the law-abiding.
And so we find that politicians presiding over the “underclass” in the “inner cities” are taking a leaf from the precedent-setting “tobacco settlement” in hopes of sandbagging another industry. They are always looking for another deep pocket to loot.
Mystery Comment
We’D never know whether Bradford Metcalf did in deed “plot to blow up an IRS office and a TV station, and threaten to kill federal officials,” or whether the Feds merely succeeded in claiming so. The mystery comment appeared at the end of the tiny news squib in the Washington Times for November 19,1998. “The charges stem from a raid at Metcalf’s house where authorities seized thousands of rounds of ammunition and loaded weapons.”
There is nothing iUegal about having thousands of rounds of ammunition and loaded weapons in your home. Not yet.
“My Rotten Kid...”
That’s the line you are profes sionaUv advised to take, when the soccer-moms begin working for the ATF and snitching off their neighbors.
There was a lengthy segment on Good Morning America about the terrible danger of guns in homes. “Forty percent” of homes, you see, contain “65 million handguns,” and every now and again some undisci-pUned and/or uneducated little beast does something dumb with one, with unfortunate results.
The happens very, very seldom, in view of those tens of millions of homes and handguns. But we know that the gun-grabbers are not unduly perturbed about the occasional accident. They have larger fish to fry. How are they going to locate those 65 million handguns? How about encouraging neighbors to spy on each other? Other governments do that all the time.
Still, if you ask your neighbor flat out, “Do you have a handgun?” If so, “Where exactly do you keep it?” they might give you a nasty look and clam up. Oh, but just like HiDary, you’re only worried about “the chil-dwen.” “How do you initiate this conver-
w '
sation?” asked Good Morning America. Well, you lay it on your own kid. “I'm so worried about my child playing at your house. My child is so terribly curious, you see. My brat
might rummage through your personal possessions, no matter how well concealed. If my brat gets hold of a gun, well of course my brat grew up in a gun-free home and has no due about guns, so my brat might very well behave childishly with it. So that’s why 1 want to know aU aboutyour gun and where you keep it.”
Next possible paragraph. “Well, if you won’t talk to me about this safety issue, I’m afraid I cannot permit my brat to play at your house.”
Censure, “Then and Now”
As Matthews gleefully points out, “Whenever Senator McCarthy rose to speak, other senators cleared the chamber. When he sat down to join them at lunch, the table emptied. When Eisenhower dropped the ranking Wisconsin senator from a White House dinner, the shunning became official. Even McCarthy’s candidate for local postmaster... was blackballed. Reporters stopped covering what he said... When a reporter filed a story on him, the editors gave it a burial job.”
Matthews smirks, “The man who
had tainted scores of reputations now saw his own erased altogether.” Even
We were informed that our though a few liberals grump that errant Chief Executive McCarthy was “more right than might “accept ” a scolding wrong,” they are not about to decom-for criminal behavior as an alterna- mission “McCarthyism” from their tive to being turned out of office in cussing vocabulary. It still works on disgrace and left wide open to crimi- the ignorant, nal prosecution. Well, columnist Matthews then mentions a few re-
Chris Matthews told ___]______________________ cent censures.
us (Washington	^	Democratic Con-
Times, November 24, How are they going to gressman Gerry 1998) what was in- 7	, ,i	Studds was censured
volved in the “cen- lQCate those 65 million for «se(jucing a 17_
sure” of Senator handguns? How about year-old male page,” Joseph McCarthy of	.	• i_i_ and Republican
Wisconsin back in enCOUraging neighbors Congressman Dan
1954. McCarthy’s to spy on each Other? Crane was censured
—”-----incharg- ~ -	, for “a liaison with a
eralhun- Other governments do female page.” Studds
that all the time. expressed his own
____________ contempt tor the
censure proceedings with a proper snit, turning his back on Congressional scolds. In the end^ the
Republican heterosexual
stroyed, the Democratic fagn^^V came chairman of a major con^^^^^ Of course, BiU Clinton has that from the beginning that cenoH means something only if you let it bother you. If his mommy ever dH scold him, he just knew she didn’t mean it. And as a shameless individual, he is totaUy immune to eflOjl barrassment or humiliation.
Can anyone even imagine a “censure” of President Clinton causing members of both houses of Congress to walkout when Clinton rises togjif^ his State of the Union message?
crime was ing that several dred Stalinist spies
were embedded in the ____________
federal government.
Now, fifty years later, we are allowed to discover officially that hundreds of Stalinist spies did indeed infest the federal government — and this is only the number of active agents mentioned in coded messages to and from Moscow revealed in the Venona intercepts. But fifty years ago, such a revelation would have sullied the good name of Franklin D. Roosevelt and his successors, and even harmed the reputation of the Eisenhower administration which had done next to nothing about exposing and removing these enemy agents.
What to do? The answer was to destroy “the messenger,” Senator McCarthy. The Senate dutifully trashed McCarthy with “censure” in 1954. It did not ask him what rebuke he would “accept,” and censure was just the beginning of his punishment.
THE
SCHLOCKMEKTERSl.
Greed, Inc.: The Holocaust as a Growth Industry
Charles Krauthammer can say it — he’s Jewish. “Today, the onfy thing certain to come out of this grotesque scramble for money is a revival of Shylocldan stereotypes. ” Ah, but did Shakespeare conjure Shylockfrom a diseased imagination, or did he recognize an unfortunate personality type? I have respected Krauthammer as an intelligent, thoughtful man, not inevitably predictable on the subject of Israel and that priceless Jewish possession, the Holocaust. He has a sense of dignity, and is therefore appalled by the spectacle which has erupted. Lea by Undersecretary of State Stuart Eizenstat — paid by “us” but working strictly for his tribe — a vast international conference was held in December to map out an extortion program which they hope will bring in “$90 to $140 billion’ from non-Jews all over Europe and elsewhere.
“It all started,” Krauthammer states somewhat erroneously, “with the $1.25 billion that the Swiss banks paid in settlement of Holocaust claims.That opened the floodgates.” Krauthammer knows who “will benefit from this money transfer... lawyers and community bureaucrats.” By “community bureaucrats” he means officials of the many organizations within the Jewish “community,” not least of which is the World Jewish Congress headed by Edgar Bronfman, “Mister Seagram’s Distilleries.” Bronfman boasted to a reporter for Vanity Fair of having told the Pope to “get those damned nuns” away from Auschwitz. It is people like Bronfman who expect to wallow in untold billions by repealing World War II — but only for Jews.
Krauthammer views the unseemly spectacle clearly enough. Speaking of the hordes of Jewish lawyers clamoring to cash in on this easy action, he comments, “Contingency fees? Class-action suits? Fishing for aged Jews from whom they can make a kill-
The RESISTER
ing?The lawyers crisscross Europe in search of ever richer settlements to extract from any institution — and oh, there are many — with a tainted World War II past. Is this what the Holocaust has come to? A shakedown of Swiss banks, Austrian industry, German auto makers—the list grows daily — that recalls the worst of racial hustling and class-action opportunism in the United States?”
Our newspapers credulously tell us that “a million Jews died under forced labor” in factories during World War II. That’s a new one.
A freshly-conjured
We owe to Patrick Buchanan the “news” that non-Jewish whites are grossly underrepresented. It was discovered that between a quarter and a third of students at Harvard are Jewish, about 20% are Asian, and then, whether qualified or not, another 20% of spaces are reserved for a quota of blacks and Hispanics. These leaves maybe a quarter of spaces for members ofthe vast majority of the American population who are non-Jewish whites.
Elliot Abrams, ajewwho once lost patience with the permanent Jewish
million victims pre- Why do we Americans whine about “anti sumably brings the J	bemitism, noted
total to seven mil- allow Olir OWTI govern- aloud that the presi-
hon, right? Right, or ment to be used — of- dents of virtually a// you re a Holocaust t	Ivy League umversi-
ficially and openly — by Tews to extort money for Jews?
denier.” And so governments, banks, insurance companies, industries, libraries, museums, buildings, | all await looting.
Yes, even buildings—if a building in Europe was owned by a Jew sixty years ago, it should be given to the Jews today. The only scam I rather enjoy is the one about recovering “stolen art.” Much of the “art” in question is of the “modern” variety and thus a scam from the moment paint first hit canvas. The people who collect it deserve to be plucked.
It must be granted that “it takes two to tango, and non-Jews have been so unbelievably submissive to the looting as to invite this “grotesque scrambling for money.” Why does a German government pay billions, generation after generation? Why do we Americans allow our own government to be used — officially and openly—by Jews to extort money for Jews? Without the U.S. government as the Mafia-style “enforcer;” the extortion would not succeed.
Non-Jewish Whites Need Not Apply...
To Harvard University, or sister Ivy League institutions, since they aO ape each other on admission criteria. Recently exposed, too, was the Ivy League pricing cartel. Only fools pav “list price” tuition, and guess who the fools are?
ties are Jewish. Just think what progress that represents, he said. In the bad old _ days, quotas limited Jews to their percentage of the population.
Abrams didn’t follow through, but we will. Now that they are in charge, they can discriminate uke mad against non-Jewish whites. They can soak up positions at ten times their percentage of the population. They can then decide on their own quotas of nonwhites. Leftover places can be tossed to representatives of the majority.
Why not? The non-Jewish white majority is either too dumb to notice or too gutless to object. And how long will non-Jewish whites remain a majority in their own country? President Clinton cheerily announces to graduating classes across the country that soon whites will be just another “minority” among the great seething Balkanized mass of warring tribes in our once-great nation, and won’t that be fine? As graduates of American brain laundries, haven’t you been trained to see how fine that will be? (Duh, yeah, I guess, nod members of our moronic majority.)
The “Hate Crimes” Debate
Lawyer Bruce Fein is quite able to argue any side of any legal question. He has done so with regard to “hate crimes.” magazine (23 Nov. 1998) published pro-
tod-con arguments on whether we need *a federal hate-crime law.” Fein argued against it, on grounds we shall examine, but his adversary, Brian Levin, quoted Fein as favoring such laws in 1992.
Levin is ‘Director of the Center on Hate and Extremism,” another outfit which brands opinions it disapproves of as hate and extremism, and resistance to brainwashing as “subtle bigotry.” Any of the above is ‘more harmful” than an ordinary crime.
A new federal law would ensure that an acquittal in a state court could be reversed by a federal hate-crime prosecution. This is a form of double-jeopardy, which is unconstitutional, but it worked well when a California jury failed to convict the police officers for subduing Rodney King, and President Bush personally ordered a federal trial which would produce the conviction which would mollify those threatening to trash Los Angeles yet again.
Lawyer Fein, taking the defense lawyer’s view, is suddenly fearful of ‘community passions and media frenzy.” He notes that “accusation of a hate crime is akin to an indictment for crucifying Christ.” (Normally, Jews avoid mention of the Crucifixion.)
‘Even to be tarred with politically incorrect remarks... is to become a virtual pariah. A mob-like atmosphere instantly surrounds the defendant. An acquittal would be a blot on the nation’s human-rights escutcheon. Facts are subordinated to politics and pound-of-flesh animosities... the probability of injustice leaps.”
Hey, that's the purpose of hate-crime legislation! Fein and Levin and their kinfolk invent the laws and produce the media frenzy. The media expertly ‘inflamed passions” with carefully edited videotape.
Objections to abortion or the gay agenda are already dubbed “hate speech,” and the next obvious step is to ‘criminalize” speech and opinions. In nearby Canada, Jewish groups are able to send people to prison for saying things they don’t like.
And truth, by the way, is no defense.
..AND THEIR SCHLIMAZELS
Wearing the Yarmulke
Every American politician seems to find it necessary to be photographed wearing a Jewish yarmulke as a sign of submission. Presidential _______
hopeful Governor
nounced that the tribe is closely monitoring young Bush’s finances, his speeches and his travels. “As Mr. Foxman put it, 'Supporters of Israel will look closely at who the team is that he relies on.’” Foxman appointees would be best.
Foxman’s tribal Gestapo views with vast satisfaction the Clinton administration, which surrenders policy to layer upon layer of tribesmen appointed to government posi-^^tions. They are paid by the taxpayers and
George W. Bush is Hey, that5 the purpose aUowed to use the
no exception. But Jewish columnist Morton Kondracke laid down warnings to young Bush in the November 29 issue of
of hate-crime legislation! Fein and Levin and their kinfolk invent the laws and pro-
the Washington Times. Bush’s trip to duce the media frenzy.
The media expertly
change his name to “inflamed passions”
with carefully edited
videotape.
ever be fully trusted” by Jews, because his father, former President George Bush, was “suspected by many Jews of having a deep-seated hostility to Israel after [he] threatened to hold up loan guarantees.” (Loan guarantees mean that if Israel doesn’t pay a debt, the American taxpayers will pay it for them.)
The ever-watchful Jews, Kondracke noted, had received reports that President Bush, back in 1994, probably while talking to those awful Christian rightists, had said something about acceptance of Jesus Christ. The mere report earned the President of the United States a stern talking-to from Abe Foxman, head of the Anti-Defamation League. Foxman later told Kondracke that “I’m convinced that [Bush] regrets it... Whatever his personal beliefs, he understands that they do not belong in the realm of political life.”
On the other hand, Kondracke notes that “the intuitive position of the [Jewish] community is that the sins of the father are visited on the son.” (That one sounds Biblical to me....)
Anyway, if that Bush kid wants to be president of the United States, Foxman and Company will determine his acceptability. Kondracke has an-
power of the United States government for tribal purposes, such as pressuring other people’s governments to submit to the massive international looting program of the Holocaust Industry (see Greed, Inc.).
Why don’t we lay on them the burden of proving that they ______________ work	for	the	American people, not their tribe and a foreign government?
Sacked in Deeper
T
i he “Wye agreements” of late October had slipped a lot ofI gears even by November, and] little can be expected of the latest’ chapter in this half-century old “peace
process.”
An actual map of West Bank territorial division is laughable. The Palestinians are isolated in penny-packet bits of turf divided by giant highways patrolled by the Israeli army and observed from newly-sprouted Jewish “settlements” on every hilltop. Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu knows that he can do as he pleases, confident in his control of the U.S. government and his permanent, large-bore siphon into the U.S.Trea-sury.
So “we,” being stupid enough to put up with it, will pay for whatever came out of Wye. That’s over and above half a century of payments to Israel, and lesser amounts for a lesser time to Yasir Arafat, as long as he does as he’s told, and long-standing sub-
Vol. V I
sidies to Israel’s neighbors, Egypt and Jordan.
It isn’t enough that Arafat is told to arrest the people on Israel’s list, lest his allowance be cut. The latest wrinkle is that, under the Wye agreement, the Central Intelligence Agency is tasked to assure that individual Arabs targeted by Israel are imprisoned by Arafat—and stay imprisoned. Must the CIA check their cells? Well, how else would you do it? So CIA officers become jailers for Israel.
More recently, the world is supposed to be distressed by the beating of an Israeli soldier at the hands of Arab civilians. That a soldier of the occupying army is beaten by unarmed civilians does not seem either unusual or particularly outrageous, but now, if tnose kids are caught, Israel will declare that they ahave blood on their hands” and demand that the Central Intelligence Agency certify and ensure their imprisonment.
Will Clinton Spring Pollard?
After Clinton promised Netanyahu to “review the case” for the fourth time, will our President wave his magic wand and send the spy to Israel? Jonathan Pollard shoveled literally a roomful of choice secret documents to Israel, “sources and methods” be hanged. Israel then shopped what it could to Russia and China.
Pollard considered American citizenship and an American position of trust as the “open sesame” to the intelligence treasure-house for the benefit of his tribe in Israel Thinking it might grease his release, Israel has declared him an Israeli citizen.
Samuel Sheinbein, a punk murderer who is an American citizen, scooted to Israel over a year ago. There is endless stroking of beards over whether this Jew can be deemed to be an Israeli arizen. As one letter-writer to the Washington Times noted, “Is Israel saying to the world that Israeli citizenship provides freedom from anything but Israelijustice?” Hmm.
Afourth review ofPollard’s case will be purely political, since there is no new legal ground to cover. Now, Red Chinese money sometimes paid off in
overnight results from President Clinton and his executive branch. These episodes may offer the Israelis a fresh due to the going rates.
FAIRYMERICA
Plain Speech into “Hate Speech” into "Hate Crime”
The propagandists never rest. Any event which can be pounced upon, will be pounced upon. When a sniper took out an abortionist (who had taken out God only knows how many babies), any and all pro-life and pro-family groups were tarred with liberal accusations of complicity. The obvious aim is to demonize and suppress politically- incorrect views, which by now indude almost any expression of traditional morality, values, or beliefs.
It has never been clear why the assertion made by some that homosexuals can change caused such hysterical screeching among gays. You’d think they were scared to death that it could be true. The party line, devdoped “overnight,” was that this was yet another manifestation of homophobia, gay-bashing, and “hate.” So when two punks robbed and killed a queer, this instantly stood for our collective guilt, the “constant degrading of homosexuals exacting its toll in blood.” (What constant degrading? We see nothing but glorification of them by the Establishment media.)
At my local brain laundry there were complaints about the saturation of campus e-mail with inane announcements. It was suggested that “blitz-mail” be confined to really vital news like the outbreak of war, or the killing of a queer. The sense of proportion tells you something right there. Using e-mail to bring news of war was justified because so few students read the papers!
To Out or Not To Out
It’s a dilemma faced in America, too. “Outing” homosexuals is a political matter on both sides of the water. But everything depends upon who is exposing whom, and for what purpose. Is Britain being run by a “gay Mafia?” asked one London paper, after eight of Prime Minister Tony Blair’s “closest advisors” had been exposed. You’d think the British would have had enough of that, recalling the enormous damage wrought by the Cambridge queers who became Stalin’s spy cabal
“War on the Boy Scouts”
The Capital Research Center (good outfit —151316th St. NW, Washington DC 20036-1401), produced an 8-page report with the above title. It is highly recommended to any with fond memories of the Boy Scouts. If the liberals win, there will be no more such fond memories.
As usual, the assault is conducted by the American (ha-ha) Civil Liberties (ha-ha) Union, searching out judges who will buy its specious arguments. In order to “eradicate the cancer of discrimination,” New Jersey judge James Havey asserted that the scouts are a “place.
The ACLU objective is to deny freedom of association. The contention is that the Boy Scouts are not a private organization, but a “public accommodation” like a bus station. This is a stretch, but there are judges willing to play the game. On other fronts, the ACLU works to discourage or deny funding to the Scouts, to prevent cooperation with them, to block sponsorship by policemen or firemen, or any government-related group, and to deny the Scouts access as a group to any government-owned location, from local schools and public buildings to National Parks and even Washington’s National Zoo. The most common sticking-
The obvious aim is to demonize and suppress politically-incor-rect views, which by now include almost any expression of traditional morality, values, or beliefs.
points currently relate to homosexuality and belief in God. The ACLU demands that queers be welcomed and admitted to leadership positions. This effort is spearheadea by the ACLU’s special Gay and Lesbian Rights Project. As for a belief in God, following considerable arm-twisting, almost any god will now do,but that’s not good enough for the atheists.
THE MONEY POLICE
Kiss Privacy Good Bye
In totalitarian countries, the concept of privacy, the notion that the individual need not stand naked before the government, is essentially absent. In the New World Order being constructed, we may assume that our own notions of privacy are in for massive revision.
Our own and allied spy agencies freely listen in on any electronic transmissions they please, unhindered by such quaint notions as privacy or the Fourth Amendment. Utter a “dictionary” keyword, and ECHELON will record you. Your only hope is that there aren’t enough snoops to listen to you in “real time.” Private investigators like Terry Lenzner, who works privately for the Clintons and has all the money he needs, can winkle up your credit card records, telephone records, healthcare records, police records, legal records, service records, tax records — on and on.
You have no privacy if well heeled folks are on your case. The government is supposed to respect your privacy, but the government is, ah, untrustworthy in this matter.
Look at the new “instant check” system re: firearms purchases. Congress repeatedly writes into the law that the Feds are not to keep lists of law-abiding gun owners, and time again the law is defied.
Gun purchase information which, by law, should vanish the moment the “check” has been completed is now to be kept for six months, twelve months, eighteen months, possibly forever; and the law be damned. Reg-
istration, followed by confiscation, is the Establishment objective.
Banks are provided with forms entitled Suspicious Activity Reports, and instructed to report anyone who seems to be using too much cash. This places bank officers in the position of unpaid cops. (Question: Are they in trouble if they don't act as unpaid cops?)
It began years ago with passage of the federal Bank Privacy Act, the purpose of which was to remove the customer’s right to privacy. Banks were required to report all cash transactions of $10,000 or more.
Best Quote of the Year
“The Communist Party of the Soviet Union got rich at its own funeral”
T
his is the pithy home truth about the “demise of Communism” and the “privatization” program in the “former” Soviet Union. No half-century de-Commu-nization program. No hanging of
______________ mass	murderers,	no
down of
tracking
Should you activate doddering old gulag t r 1	1	1	1	guards in the year
the federal radar, they 2040. A11\% forgiven.
Such transactions are can fjnd OUt everythin7 former Reds neither criminal nor	-	J ® can drop all that
unusual, and the about you, and spread nonsense about Treasury has been ^ net tQ cover every- working for “the drowning in about	J	people, and be
twelve million such one whose name and/ merged into the rul-
repx,rts "IT"* or tax-slave number	the	New
Nonetheless, any	#	World	Order,
attempt to evade this ever turned up in con- V i k snooping by
conducting business in increments of $9,500 is a crime called “structuring.” (Bet you never heard of that one.) Should you activate the federal radar, they can find out everything about you, ana spread the net to cover everyone whose name and/or tax-slave number ever turned up in connection with your own.
The FinCEN snoop system is linked by “secure” systems to counterparts worldwide. It has been used to assist Jewish groups in locating targets for extortion, and we may assume it is diligently tracking down Osama Ben Laden’s assets. But what is it doing about the tens of billions of dollars extracted from the hides of Western taxpayers and passed along, by our government and the International Monetary Fund, to the criminal thugs running the former Soviet Union?The IMF protests that it just doesn’t know where the money goes....
That’s unlikely. The thing is, mega-thieves merge easily into the world ruling class.
nection with your
own.
tor Chemomyrdon became a billionaire by taking over for him-self the Communist natural-gas monopoly Sovgazprom. And what fun, being a banker! The American Treasury sends you planeloads of good hundred-dollar bills; you can do asJ you please with those and print yoi own hot paper to drop on the pes
ants.
POLITICAL^ INCORRECT! SUSPECTS1
Demonization
W
le’re “painting a different
![picture of hum,” said the |FBI spokesman as he laid on Eric Rudolph the worst spin the Bureau could think of. Rudolph, as readers know, is that most politically- . incorrect abortion-bomber suspect;, he is doubtless most unpopular with the Feds because the hunt tor him involved months of tramping fruitlessly through the wilds of the southern Appalachian Mountains. That’s
VoL V, No. 1
Rudolph’s turf. The FBI prefers cities.
uPro-lifer called material witness” says the headline. Without evidence, the police can’t quite say James Kopp is a“suspect” in the sniper shooting of“abortion provider” Barnett Slepian as he returned from the synagogue. However, Morris Dees and his Southern Poverty Law Center, a front for the Anti-Defamation League, has been watching him since he was arrested in an antiabortion protest in 1986. Dees announces that, twelve years ago, Kopp was involved with an organization that "forced [a woman] to look at slides of aborted fetuses” before considering abortion. That’s all it takes to go into the files of our unofficial thought police, our private Gestapo.
In 1988, when Operation Rescue organized "mass protests” in Atlanta, which resulted in mass arrests, Southern Poverty fattened its files. "Mark Potok, a researcher at the Southern Poverty Law Center” says “it was that year, that time in jail in Atlanta... when a lot of important connections were made and friendships were formed. Kopp was there.” Southern Poverty’s book calls Kopp "a known activist in the extreme fringe.” The private Gestapo never sleeps.
Network television showed us an ordinary photo of the suspect, but much preferred two depictions of its own choice which would be of little or no aid in identification, but which "demonized” the man very nicely. One was a blurry thing with “eyes” — ooh! the eyes! — and the other was a rendition in blotchy reds and blues which made whoever-he-is look really bad.
It reminded me of the Time or Newsweek (who can tell them apart?) rendition of presidential candidate Patrick Buchanan. He faced the public on the magazine cover looking quite devilish when printed in blue and illuminated from below. Surely you wouldn’t sympathize with or vote for anyone who looked like that. Duh, gosh, no.
BODYSNATCHERS:
Revenge of the Socialist International
Tlhe glee expressed by worldwide I members of the Socialist In Iternational when the British Labor government arrested Chile’s General Augusto Pinochet could be seen as a bursting I pustule of hatred.
In 1973, the "armed forces and carabineros of Chile”, under a junta led by General Pinochet, rose up in the nick of time and saved their country from the alliance of Socialists and Communists who were about to replace | them with an imported "foreign le-| gion”of Reds.
You have probably never heard of an “auto-coup”—a coup against oneself. Chilean President Salvador Allende was planning a "coup” against his own government. He had brought into Chile over fourteen thousand militant foreign Reds, organized them, and armed them with shipments of weapons from his good friend, Fidel Castro. Leadership cadres were assembled from Cuba and elsewhere. Allende’s own son-in-law was a top Cuban intelligence officer.
The Reds’ Plan Zeta involved the scheduled "beheading” of the Chilean armed forces during the night of September 18-19, 1973, a national holiday when the top commanders would have to be in the capital The armed forces would be leaderless, and replaced by Allende’s foreign legion. The plan was similar to the Communist ^beheading of the military” initiated in Indonesia in 1965. This plan misfired; the Reds killed many top officers, but totally enraged keysur-vivors, who eradicated them. Thus, in Chile in 1973, the Communists were actually less enthusiastic about the timing than their red-hot Socialist allies.
Again, the plan misfired. The Chilean armed forces and police moved on September 11,1973. The
majority of members of Allende’s private foreign legion ran away in time — many with the open assistance of the United Nations, which issued them laissez passer passports so they could escape Chilean justice. A minority of the foreign Reds who had expected to rule Chile were killed.
These are the people on whose behalf British Prime Minister Tony Blair has arrested General Pinochet while an official guest in his country, inviting his fellow vengeance-seekers in Spain to extradite this 83-year-old national hero at the re-uest of a lone panish Communist judge braying about “genocide.” What we are looking at is liberal-socialist-communist New World Order “justice.” Such "justice” will never threaten one of their own.
But consider the possibilities. On his next visit to Council on Foreign Relations headquarters in New York City, Mikhail Gorbachev could be arrested and sent to Afghanistan, to stand trial for his invasion and despoliation of that country. At some future time, Bill Clinton could be shipped postpaid to the Sudan, to stand trial for his "wag the dog” attack on Khartoum. Neither of them would really care for fundamentalist Moslem justice.
Lessons in Psychobabble
A pair of Khmer Rouge leaders responsible for wiping out about a quarter of the Cambodian population decided to "surrender” to a third, Hun Sen, the one now running Cambodia with the blessing of the "international community.” Wherever they were hiding, they were getting CNN, and had profited from lessons in vintage American psychobabble. They said they were "sorry,” showing about as much sorriness as President Clinton. They said further, in essence, let usput this behind us, find closure, have healing, and move forward. (It’s not as though they had killed communists, like Pinochet had.)
What we are looking at is liberal-socialist-communist New World Order “justice.” Such “justice” will never threaten one of their own.
The RESISTER
One report on this matter noted that the United States government had "funded the Khmer Rouge from 1979 until 1991. "That may strike you as odd.
Congressman Larry McDonald (D-GA), who was murdered by the Soviets in the Korean Airlines massacre in 1983, had been a lone voice in Washington against this “odd**! policy. He saw no reason why our government had to support a regime consisting of truly ghastly murderersjust because the alternative was a Vietnamese puppet government. A principled American stance would have been that, unfortunately, Cambodia was without a legitim ate governm en t, I period. McDonald publicized this! view — and was roundly condemned for it by the Establishment!
A SAFER GENE POOL
The 1998 Darwin Prize Goes to...
A man of the cloth who was demonstrating to his young charges the dangers of dumb behavior. He loaded his .357 revolver with a blank and played Russian roulette. Free will pressed the muzzle to his skull, faith pressed the trigger to the rear, and the .357 blank performed its divine purpose.
His DNA will spread no further.
WHYDO WE AMERICANS SUBMIT TO THIS?
by	1
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
A New Book From America’s Most Damning Critic of
Liberals
Why Do We Americans Submit to... ■f	What?
The D-List—This is what liberals like to see in the rest of us.
Dumb, as in “dumbed down” and mute.
Docile, ready to be guided and trained, ready to accept any outrage.
Deprived of as much of our income as we will allow to be taken from us. Dispossessed of more and more property righta.
Denied aa many of our other righta at we will allow to be taken from ua.
Devalued as citizens by the creation of hordes of “inatant voters” in time for elections. Demoted from independent citizens to dependent subjects.
Deceived by the current propaganda line, whatever it may be.
Diverted from an examination of the true situation.
Denounced for destroying the earth, oppressing “others," harboring bad thoughts.... Defensive and guilt-ridden about something or other, all the time.
Deracinated, if white — forbidden a sense of racial identity or pride.
Divided into “groups” or “blocs” for easy manipulation.
Demeaned, as liberals in government assert authority over private and family affairs.
Degraded by the squalor of public miseducation and government corruption.
Displaced from schools and jobs by federal pressure favoring federally-favored groups.
Dispirited in the face of so much gone wrong, and so little chance of fixing it.
Disoriented by inversion of laws and values — what is right is now wrong, what is bad is now good — and vice vena, of course.
Demoralised by the realization that any attempt to oppose liberalism will be ridiculed, denied institutional support, marginalized, and punished.
Disorganised as foundations expend their tax-free fortunes by organizing synthetic “groups" and anointing “leaders" to carry out foundation plans. There is no such support for those opposing foundation-sponsored “planned social change.”
Descabesado, or “beheaded," deprived of leadership; potential leaders who are aware of and opposed to the plans of the liberal Establishment can expect to be smeared and, if that doesn’t work, ruined in some manner, usually financially And finally...
Disarmed is the ultimate liberal precaution. Anything can be done to diarmed people, as the history of the Twentieth Century more than amply demonstrates.
©1997 by Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
$20.00 RESISTER Books
Cuh, Money Order, or Cheek	^ ®OX 35046
(Allow 5 weeks for delivery) Fayetteville, NC 28303
34
Vol. V, No. 1
The RESISTER
HORROR QUOTES
by
SFC John S. Mosby
*7 don't listen to the polls, I listen to the Constitution. ”
Representative Tom DeLay, Texas.
Now, as a rule, The Resister refrains from getting in the way when rival gangs are engaged in a struggle for turf. For the uninformed, the Bolsheviks and their ideological brothers the Mensheviks (the two wings of our single Social Democrat Party), happen to be lodged in a battle over who can do the most damage to each other over L'Ajfaire Lewinsky. Bill Clinton’s conduct, reprehensible as it is (though no surprise), is hardly worth repeating in a journal that has, as its mission, the radicalization of first, the military, and second, the population at-large regarding the myriad problems that are of concern to the well-being of what little remains of the Republic. However, when an opportunity comes along to expose, on its face, the true nature of of those who pretend to “represent” us, we cannot refuse such an invitation.
Witness the blithering of Representative Tom DeLay (Menshevik, TX). When asked what he thought of the current polls that reflect the “approval” of Bill Clinton, Representative DeLay said, “I don’t listen to the polls, I listen to the Constitution.” Normally, such a statement would not raise an eyebrow let alone a comment from me; however, when a “representative” in Congress states that he “listens to the Constitution,” 1 cannot help but examine his statement and juxtapose it with his actions.
I wonder if Representative DeLay has ever read the Constitution. Consider this, Representative DeLay has consistently voted for the “reform” of welfare. Now, call me illiterate if you wish, but where in the Constitution of the United States does it state that government has a right to steal—literally at the point of a gun — a man’s wealth, and redistribute it to inner-
city minority street garbage and their white-trash N egrophile allies who are the recipients of government looting? Moreover, if Representative DeLay “listens to the Constitution,” why doesn’t he point out that the Constitution of the United States’ economic premise is freedom of enterprise, not the Marxist welfare socialism his fellow “representatives” wish to “reform”? I’ll tell you why, Representative DeLay doesn’t “listen” to the Constitution, he listens to the | moochers and para-1 sites who live in his district; who, if they ever had their cries refused and their outstretched hands unfilled would boot that Useful Idiot from his lofty position thus forcing him to get a real job.
Consider Representative DeLay’s vote to not withdraw the United States from that High Temple of Evil, the United Nations.
Surety there must be some clause in the Constitution that delegates authority to an international organization that has, as one of its goals, the looting of America in the name of numberless Third World savages and Second World barbarians who make up its “constituency.”
Where was Representative DeLay when it came time to stand against the Bolshevik Omnibus spending bill for fiscal year 1999? If one looked at the assembled compromisers and appeasers (read: Republicans) that gathered outside of Congress to bask in the limelight and “take credit” for extorting naif your annual income, there was “Representative” DeLay— along with the other Mensheviks — beaming at the 1.5 trillion dollar
spending bill for 1999. Representative DeLay does not listen to the Constitution, he spits on it.
If Representative DeLay doesn’t convince you we have a single party system, consider this.
uWhat you see is the end of ideology. This is a bill Tip O'Neill and Lyndon Johnson would have loved. It is pragmatic, filled with the things you have to do to keep the trains running on time. ” Stan Collender, budget analyst for the public affairs firm Fleischman Hillard.
See what I mean? No longer is there any distinction between Democrat and Republican. Now, gentle reader, you understand the terms Bolshevik and Menshevik, as used by The Resister to describe the Party that rules our country. Both wings are socialist, they just fight over the implementation and timing of their corrosive plan to communize the last semi-free nation on Earth.
Tip O’Neill, former Speaker of the House of Representatives from the People’s Democratic Republic of Massachusetts, and Lyndon Johnson, were two of the most contemptible socialists to ever gain power. Let us not forget, O’Neill is famous for his “I never met a tax I didn’t like” statement, and Johnson, author of the blatantly communistic “Great Society,” are two of the greatest proponents of Roosevelt’s “New Deal” who, working in unison, may have delivered the coup de grace of America by co-opting the now defunct Republican Party into “Great Society” collectivism and those execrations, the “Civil Rights” Act of 1964 and the Immigration Reform and Voting Rights Acts of1965 which have been steadily (and deliberately) turning America into a Third World socialist dung hill.
“It is pragmatic, filled with the
... if Representative DeLay “listens to the Constitution,” why doesn't he point out that the Constitution of the United States’ economic premise is freedom of enterprise, not the Marxist welfare socialism his fellow “representatives” wish to “reform”?
things you have to do to keep the trains running on time.” Ah yes, pragmatic My understanding of the word “pragmatic” means “compromise and appeasement.” Far be it for the Republicans to stand on principle and light for their alleged beliefs; no, they’d rather bleat, “Me too!, I can vote the bugesse of the productive and give it to the moochers! Vote for me,
1 have no principles at all! ” Instead of standing on any semblance of principle and announcing to the public — “No, we will not stand for Socialism, vote us out if you must,”— the Mensheviks are in a race with the Bolsheviks to destroy what is left of the Republic It is you “conservatives” who, with your unabashed praise and blind obedience to the “Republicans,” willfully sentence yourself to a life of slavery; the same slavery that the Bolsheviks will inflict on you when they win. How do you want it? Now, or ten years from now? Either way, you’re going to get it. The “Republicans” don’t insult your intelligence, they assume you don’t have any.
As for “...keep[ing] the trains running on time;” where have you heard that before? Howabout Mussolini in Fascist Italy and Hitler in Nazi Germany. (And, lest we forget, both Hitler and Mussolini were admired by our “savior” Franklin Delano Roosevelt for “keeping the trains j running on time.”) The Resister has repeatedly told you that America is a fascist country; just witness the current “war” on tobacco, SUV’s and of course, the new craze, blaming the Gun “Industry” for children dying by the hands of other children as exemplars. The next step is fullblown communism. Don’t say you weren’t warned.
But for those of you who still dully cling to hope, witness the “above the fold” headline in The New York Times dated 09 November 98.
*A Move for Pragmatism: G.O.P.s Rebellious Class cf'94 b Turning From the Barricades Into the Mainstream.”
So “conservatives,” where, and to whom, do you turn now?
In the United States, for all its consecration of equal rights, the members of minority groups have often had to pay
The RESISTER
a terrible price justfor being who they are.... There is no adequate Federal standard of what constitutes a hate crime, and nothing could make plainer the need for one than the way young Matthew Shepard died in Wyoming yesterday.
Slight, trusting... [hjedied in a coma yesterday, in a state without a hate-crime law... Hatred can kill. The men accused of killing Matthew Shepard will be tried forfirst degree murder. But his death makes dear the need for hate-crime laws to protect [homosexuals] just because of who they are.
New York Times Editorial, page A18,13 October 98.
political crime, and the final (unspeakably evil) devolution of political crime is thought crime. All this of course is the logical result of that “legal” obscenity know as “civil rights violations,” which are, in reality, blanket double jeopardy.
The purpose of “hate crime” is none other than to control the thoughts of those who dare think differently than the proscribed orthodoxy. And that orthodoxy emanates from that malodorous legislative cesspool, the “Kremlin on the Potomac,” and their eager henchmen from Dezershinsky Square, the MGB (read: FBI).
If you doubt the above, read on.
Matthew Shepard was killed by hatred in a state that not only has no hate-crimes legislation [oh, it’s okay to legislate morality if you are a practi-tioner of organized buggery, but not a
Disregarding the murder, examine the inherent contradiction contained within the final two sentences. “The men accused ofldlling Matthew Shepard will be tried for first degree murder. But his death makes clear the need for hate-crime laws to protect What “hate crime” re- God-fearing Chris-1 [homosexuals] just t1	.	.	,	tian, right? Mosby.]
because of who they “v means ls political but also no civil rights are.”	crime,	and	the final	legislation of any kind
Far from being a ,	,	,,	protecting gay (sic)
neophyte when it ^Unspeakably evil)	men and lesbians. Such
comes to understand- devolution of political legislation has been ing the law, first de-	.	,	f	.	necessary elsewhere be-
gree murder — a class crime IS thought CTWtC• cause there is no such
A felony — is the All this of Course is thQ Federal law either.
strongest charge that can be levied on the accused in a criminal proceeding of this nature. How would a “hate-crime” law have prevented the recently assumed-room-temperature homosexual from being murdered — anymore than the severity of facing a first degree murder charge? Would having a law, which makes thinking “bad” thoughts about someone else, have prevented the murder? The answer is obvious to all except the Thought Police of the Department of Justice as well the alleged female who runs it.
So, if first degree murder constitutes the strongest charge — which in turn would seemingly inflict the strongest penalty (death) — what possible use are “hate-crime” laws? What “hate crime” really means is
The next CongressA logical result of that should introduce a I
•fcpl” obscenity know j«g>|| as “civil rights viola- extending civil rights tions,” which are, in
reality, blanket double gay (sic) men and les-.	j	bians. (Emphasis
jeopardy.	added) I
R. Kevin Hill,
Letter to the Editor, New York Times, 15 October 98.
O
kay, let me get this straight: [Since there is no “hate-| crime law” on the state level, someone (Congress) has to do something (pass another unconstitutional law) because it is necessary according to Hill. Necessary for wnat? Necessary for Congress to pass “feel good” legislation because homosexuals are disgusting perverts who are justifiably held in moral contempt by decent people. Necessary for whom? Their
VoL V, No. 1
Bolshevik protectors, who appease their revolting constituency so they may further inflict their degeneracy upon American society. (OF course, let us not forget the Mensheviks, who will run to the nearest microphone and shout for all to hear, “Me too! I want political crimes too!”).
But what is contemptuously odious is the fact that the populace is buying into the mind numbing, squalid pro-homosexual drivel that is continually pumped out from their mind control boxes byTass. Ask yourself, since when is organized buggery considered to be worthy of any attention? To be sure, The Resister does not condone indiscriminate, gratuitous violence against homosexuals (Communists are another matter), who are otherwise obeying the law and not molesting children. The Resister does believe, however, that homosexuals should be shunned, discriminated against and ridiculed for the simple reason that homosexuals are the sewer rats of humanity whose deviant behavior stands in stark contrast to the laws of nature and are an abomination.
"Liberals” and their Establishment propaganda press have spared no amount of ink to portray the dead homosexual as some kind of "poor, innocent soul” who was picked out of a crowd and unceremoniously killed for no reason by two men who had ties to racist (you saw it coming didn’t you?) skinhead organizations.
The truth be known, in the city of Cody, Wyoming a police complaint was filed by one Matthew Shepard alleging that the bartender of a local watering hole had beaten and raped him the evening previous. An inspection of Shepard’s body (required by state law whenever rape is alleged), showed no signs of any forcible entry. Shepard did, however, show signs of a fat Up. Police interviews with the bartender revealed that poor, young, innocent faggot Matthew had been in the bar the evening before and made a pass at the bartender. It was then learned from patrons that Shepard had been so aggressive in his pursuit of the bartender (even after several polite, but firm refusals), that the bartender had little choice but to haul off and belt him.
So, let’s see; filing a false police report (a felony) and "sexually harass-
ing” another male to the point of inciting violence does not make the news about Shepard’s murder. Of course not! That would only provide a plausible arguable - as to why two men who, after being “hit on” by Shepard, acted predictably in understandable revulsion to being approached by a homosexual for acts that are repulsive to any normal man. Indeed, let not the Establishment propaganda machine tell the whole truth so the murder is put in context. No, our Red press decides to play up a non-issue (which received little to no press coverage locally in Wyoming) and portray the death as some sort of pogrom against a group of morally despicable degenerates whose "civil rights” are being violated.
But, sometimes, there is a faint glimmer of hope.
“Murdered for Who He Was” ([NY Times] editorial, 13 October) calls for new hate-crime laws. What comment will you have when sentences are imposed on those found to have violated such laws?
Perhaps “punished for what they thought ” will be an appropriate theme. The attack on Matthew Shepard was despicable, no matter what the motivation. Fortunately, Wyoming has criminal laws dealing with robbery, kidnapping and murder, and the individuals who assaulted Mr. Shepard now face the death penalty.
Their actions and intent define their crime; their motivation is irrelevant. Hate-crimes laws provide fodder for politicians pandering to special interest groups, but will do nothing to prevent crime or insure proper punishment. (Emphasis added)
Frederick A. Lehrer, Stamford, CT, 14 October 98.
Sometimes when a citizen tumbles to the real issue, I hold out hope. Mr. Lehrer obviously has retained the ability to think on his own; he doesn’t need Tass or the myriad Pravdas to instruct him on the latest fad. To our readers in
and around Stamford, let Mr. Lehrer know if he gets in touch with me, he has a complementary subscription to The Resister.
“Bill Clinton is America's first black President. He represents our values.” Toni Morrison, Negress and author.
Okay, this is a quote that does not technically qualify as a “Horror Quote” because it is unabashedly the truth. “He represents our values,” really drives home her point. Negroes, whose illegitimacy rate soars at 70 percent; criminal activity peaks at forty-four times that of Caucasians; closely parallels the behavior of her “president.” Clinton, who has admitted to a myriad of crimes, perjury chief among them, has also been accused of rape (see Jane Doe number 5, in the Starr Report) and fathering a child out of wedlock. Furthermore, Clinton’s ravenous sexual appetite and adulterous affairs rivals that of any Negro male. Negro males, as statistically reported by government "social services,” are more apt to father children out of wedlock, and commit adultery and leave their families by a rate of 3 to 1 when compared to other races.
So yes, The Resister agrees with Miss Morrison, Bill Clinton is America’s first Negro President, and his values are N egro values.
And just when you thought some Negroes were starting to say something intelligent, along comes a Negro whose intelligence is well below the statistical average.
The Barfield Open Letter to Ken Starr and the Ungodly Republican Party.
I'm writing this letter on behalf of twenty million black Americans who support our beloved president. The honorable William Jefferson Clinton. Mr. Clinton has done an excellent job as president and certainly has proven to be
So yes, The Resister agrees with Miss Morrison, Bill Clinton is America’s first Negro President, and his values are Negro values.
a champion for the progress of black people and other minorities in this country.
The Republican party and Ken Starr have stooped so low they need a step ladder to climb to bell and they also need\ an elevator to get to a snail's back. You\ don't have to go to Bill Clinton's back\ yard to ret some dirt, there is enough\ dirt in the back yard of Ken Starr and the Republican Party to create agigan-1 tie cesspool The Republican Party is the author of Watergate and theyfought the 1964 Civil Rights Bill The Republicans and Reagan through Oliver North, shredded enough documents to choke a thousand elephants. When North destroyed those documents, Reagan created a dummy war in Grenada. Reagan gave us six economic depressions, high unemployment and a cruel States Rightist Posture.
Ken Starr and the Republican Party have created the worse mess in America since Hitler was a Buck Private (sic) in the German Army.
The real thrust cfKen Starr and the Republicans is Racism. They cannotl stand a president who is kind to black people. The so call religious rights in reality is the religious wrong.
The new code word for hating blacks I is conservatism. When the National | Democratic Party championed the cause of civil rights. Many racist democrats in the south turned to the Republican Party for refuge under the shield of conservatism, its simple if you are a conservative, you hate progress and black people, and if you are a liberal, you love all people and want progress.
The so called Ken Starr and the conservative Republican Party think they own the American flag. Well, I got some newsfor you. I served this country in the military and I have as much right to the American Flag as those crazy conservatives Republicans do.
Ninety percent of black Americans^ support Clinton. Trying tofind a legitimate black to speak against Clinton is likefrying tofind a chicken with lips.
The Republican under Reagan and Bush tried to turn the clock back on Civil Rights, and tried to revoke all the progress made by the late Dr. Martin Luther King and others who gave their lives for this noble cause. I’m calling on all who agree with this letter to join me in planning a massive march on congress in Washington, D.C. TO REGISTER our dissatisfaction with this
conservative Republican Congress that is Anti-Union, Racist, and ignorant.
I'm urging all good thinking Americans to blast these Republicans to hell on election day and what ever dirt you know on Republicans, tell it. The Republican Party is a slanderous party and is the dirtiest party since Moses crossed the Red Sea.
The Republicans started this ugly mess, so now let's get it on!
Rev. John J. Barfield III D.D., Chairman, National Black Clergy Network also Chairman, Commision on Justice and Polity of the National Baptist Convention, U.S.A., Inc. representing 8.5 million Black Americans
5801 North Broad Street Philadelphia, PA 19141 (215) 924-1067
G
According to Reverend Barfield, “Mr. Clinton has done a good job as president and certainly has proven to be a champion for the progress ofblack people and other minorities.” Reading between the lines, what Reverend Barfield says is, “Bill Clinton has done all he can to subjugate civilized Caucasians to savage tribes consisting of Negroes, Hispanics and other Third World irrelevancies.” There is nothing else an intelligent man can infer from such a monstrous quote.
“The real thrust of Ken Starr and the Republicans is Racism.” Ah, yes; I was waiting for it, the Communist swear word — Racism. No doubt Reverend Barfield — along with Toni Morrison — considers Bill Clinton a Negro as well. Why else would the Republicans attack Clinton? After all, the American polity is the property of the Social Democrat Party, and most Meshevikand Bolshevik squabbling boils down to little more than tug-of-war over the remaining shreds of the Constitution — to see which Party wing gets to tear them into smaller pieces.
_______________ “The new code
word for hating
ranted, this is an excruciatingly long quote, but the reasons to print it far outweigh those to not print it. Read this quote again — slowly. The horrific spelling, no understanding of capitalization, defective grammar, infantile
punctuation, coupled «|§g| isl if you bl«ks is conserve-with no understand- L J	r * j tism. 1 see; a little
ing of syntax, the are a conservative, you less welfare, a little
logical fallacies of ad	t f nrnffrp« and	less feedinS fr?m.thc
hominem, (not to	nate progress a	public trough, less
mention the histori- black people...” Read- looting of the pro-cal inaccuracy of • _ t .	.i i*	ductive for the lazy
Grenada) are all mg between the lines and incompetent,
original text as again, “If you are for and you have a new printed in — are you r j	r	code word for resist-
ready — The New freedom of enterprise, mg socialism-hat-
you hate communism *ng blacks. “[l]t s i	.	„	simple, if you are a
and parasites. Okay,r
York Times.
Now I can spend all day pointing out and correcting every mistake of theRever- _______
end Barfield, however, The Resister only has (roughly) eighty to ninety pages per issue, bo allow me to gloss over nis “English” and get to the substance.
Who appointed the Reverend Barfield as the spokesman for twenty million Negroes? First of all, how does one speak on behalf of twenty million Negroes? Plebiscite? Hardly. Reverend Barfield, assumes power because he can afford (no doubt using the money of his good parishioners) to place this ad in a publication of stature like The New York Times.
whats your point?
conservative, you hate progress and J black people..."
Reading between the lines again, “If you are for freedom of enterprise, you hate communism and parasites." Okay, what’s your point?
“The Republicans under Reagan... tried to turn the clock back on Civil Rights, and tried to revoke all the
trogress made by the late Dr. Martin I uther King." Personally, 1 liked President Reagan. And yes, Reagan was against the “Civil Rights” Act of 1964. As for “revoking] all the progress made by the late Dr. Martin Luther King,” I have a dream....
Terrorism is escalating to the point that Americans soon may have to choose between civil liberties and more intrusive means of protection.
ArmyTimes 27 October 98
Care to make a guess as to the author of this excerpt? On it’s face, if one were to purge the word “Americans,"one might venture to say Stalin, Lenin or perhaps Mao. Obviously, it was none of them. Those words were spoken by none other than Secretary of Defense, William Cohen. Cohen, lest we forget, is a Menshevik working for Bolshevik Bill Clinton. See how a single party with two wings works?
Examining how other governments already enslave their citizens, Cohen enthused, “It could happen here.”
Fully aware that it is legally forbidden for the U.S. Military to take part in domestic law enforcement activities, Cohen realizes that it would take a legislative act of Congress to override the 1878 Posse Comitatus statute. The question therefore becomes, “[W]hat would provoke Secretary Cohen into uttering such a statement?” What you see here is “preparing the target audience.”1 The government has floated, in its own inimical way, a “trial balloon.”
A trial balloon, for the uninitiated, is something the government wishes to do, but in order to gauge the reaction of the public, or in this case government’s intended target audience, they must first posit the question in the form of a “possibility.” Noting the lack of response by the target audience (The U.S. Army), I would say Mr. Cohen’s statement passed its first test.
For our military readers, regardless of what “law” Congress passes, you would be violating your oath to the Constitution — as well as the philosophies upon which it was founded — by executing the illegal order from the chain of command. Your oath necessitates that you take action on your own. Keep in mind that The Resister does not advocate nor will it tolerate the willful disobedience of legal orders or insubordination. Sedition against legitimate, constitutional republican government is a crime punishable by UCMJ; and anyone who commits such a crime deserves to be
punished to the fullest extent of the law. But to take to the streets, in such a manner as to repress “redress of grievances,” would clearly be a direct violation of your oath, an oath you swore before God. Moreover, you would also open yourselves (and, let’s be brutally frank, your families) to becoming legitimate targets of reprisal.
Each member of the military should bear one thing in mind when given an order that is conflicted with his oath: When you took your oath, you gave your word to your boss. Your boss is not “Secretary of Defense” Cohen or his immediate supervisor, Bill Clinton; no, you gave your word to their boss, the Constitution. Understand?
To “Secretary of Defense” Cohen: This act, should it ever occur without compelling legitimate reason, would make every soldier, sailor, airman and Marine who did not defect to our side the enemy, and therefore a target — and rightfully so.
As for Mr. Cohen and his treasonous cabal, speaking only for myself: Before I draw my final breath, I will rest easy knowing you have drawn yours. You and your gangsters will then learn why it is you fear the night.
Any questions?
NOTE:
*E-mail to author from SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
The RESISTER
COMMENTARIES
FROM READERS
TYRANNY IN THE HEARTLAND
The continuing arrogation of the Legislative by the Judiciary.
by
Frank Pinelander
D
on’t like the law as it’s written? Citizens’ initiatives
thwart your every move? Just instruct your minions to disregard the law, you’ll “interpret’’ it to suit your
needs.
The notion of case law as the law has been discussed in this publication previously Its fallacy is not new to readers ofThe Resister. Yet this travesty continues to intrude into our lives on a daily basis.
In Arizona we enjoy many freedoms that would and do astound those from other states. The one freedom that most are shocked at, is that of open carry. Simply put, if either a weapon or the holster the weapon is in, is either wholly or partially visible, one can carry a weapon with them just about anywhere. Something that those of us who routinely carry a weapon openly have opposed for a long time, is the concealed carry permit system. Our reasons have been simple; it is our right as a citizen of Arizona. We do not wish to see it made a privilege. Any attempt by the Legislature to change the status of carrying arms openly has been met head-on by concerned citizens.
Recently, the Arizona State Department of Public Safety has been writing numerous and sundry citations tor what they are calling violations of the concealed carrying permit statutes. Those of us that have been educated in the law have been absolutely flabbergasted by what we have
heard about and encountered firsthand. An associate, while attending a concealed carry permit class, was told by the instructor that DPS was cracking down on open carry. Soon after, we were receiv-ing word from a variety of sources, concerning people that have been issued citations for what previously had been considered legal. In all cases that we are aware of, those that received citations were well within their rights as the law is written.	—
I interviewed several police officers from different agencies within die state of Arizona on this matter. All of them up told me (and I confirmed) that there had been no change in the law, but that judges were reinterpreting the law. One of the more ludicrous examples of this reinterpretation was receiving a citation because the police officer approached an individual on the side opposite the holster. The citation was upheld.
In this day and age of advanced collectivism, I suppose this should not come as a surprise. What is more disturbing, is how police powers have been expanded due to concealed carry permits and these reinterpretations. Under the old guidelines, during a
stop, police needed to establish probable cause in order to initiate a search. In certain circumstances, police were allowed to frisk (not search, a search is intrusive) a subject for an obvious weapon under the guidelines of what is known as a Terry search.
Now, here is their current illogic:
In a state of over 4 million people, with roughly 65,000 permit holders; the presumption is made that all contacts with citizens involve permit holders. Under the concealed carry permit statutes, a permit holder is required, upon request, to show said permit to a police officer and surrender any weapon. A refusal to comply by a permit holder will result in a revocation of permit and possible criminal charges. There is no requirement for a non-permit holder to say or surrender anything. But now, operating the under the presumption that all citizens are armed, one who exercises —^ their right to remain silent is treated like a criminal. What then occurs, under ridiculously expanded
Something that those of us who routinely carry a weapon openly Jerry search guide-
J	r	J	lines	(again,	due	to
concealed carry oer-
have opposed for a long time, is the concealed carry permit system.
mit laws) for “officer safety”, the officer can search a vehicle or premises (those Jareas within reach of the contact) for a weapon. This is a clear violation of the fourth amendment protection against illegal search and seizure.
Of the officers I spoke with, they were fairly evenly split as to their feelings on this matter. There were those that would continue to enforce the law as written and there are those that will use the Activist Judicial guidelines. When pressed, those that were using the new guidelines just shrugged their shoulders and said “just following orders". Of these there were the zealots that have d veloped a serious case of “us vs. the: and demanded to know why I or an one else needed to carry a weapon H afl. After being reminded that was my right under the law, I was advised afl some point to expect a citation. The
general attitude was “I get paid to go to court”. A dear cut case of intimidation. It has reached a point where they don’t even carry on the pretense of a free America any longer. As Henry Kissinger said “the illegal we do immediately, the unconstitutional takes a little longer”.
Herein lies a far more important lesson. Those that put forth the collectivist agenda are very adept at what they do. Many assume that global socialism is a “command push” affair. It is not. It is a “recon pull”. To them, nothing is a failure, only a delay. Unless more people wake up to this concept, and present a unified front to defeat them, the purveyors of global socialism will succeed. For many years concealed carrying was opposed by “the agenda”. Now it has been turned into a registration scheme, and an excuse for expanded police powers. The concept that is now being pushed is for reciprocity amongst all states that have concealed carry permits. If Arizona is any example, this is one thing that people should not wish for. For it will be used as an excuse for random searches where “profiling” and similar have been ruled unconstitutional.
Some people take for granted the intrusion of the bureaucracy into their lives. Thankfully for them, there are those of us that do not. In the end it is us that will keep them free. If they’re lucky.
Justice or Legal Robbery?
by
Ralph R. Reiland
The latest news in the world of crazy lawsuits is that Pizza Hut has just been convicted of a “hate crime.” It all began on the Fourth of July weekend in 1995 in Godfrey, a small town about 20 miles north of St. Louis, when Mary Ann Burton called in an order for six pizzas about an hour before the store’s closing time. She was told on the phone, she testified, that she could eat at the restaurant.
What came next was more like a grand family reunion than a quick pizza stop. Ms. Burton showed up with 16 family members, in town from Illinois,
Missouri and South Carolina. They got their pizza but without plates, utensils or beverages. The soda machine, said the Pizza Hut employees, had already been turned off. What allegedly followed was a blink of the lights, an employee running the sweeper near the Burton tables, and a too-loud jukebox. Finally, on their way out, the Burtons claim they heard some name-calling and spotted an employee in the parking lot slapping a mop handle into his hand.
In this scenario, let’s assume for minute that there’s a high degree of homogeneity among the above-mentioned customers and employees — say, for instance, that they’re all young white males. With that supposition, most of us would probably see the above incident as nothing more than a case of bad service, perhaps a case of employees wanting to get out of the store on time (or even early, if the fireworks were about to go off). On a slow night, especially in a chain restaurant where there’s no
owner within a thousand miles, that can easily translate into an early scrubbing of the Pepsi machine, employees turning up their favorite songs on the jukebox while they’re shutting down, and the running of a sweeper while customers are finishing up.
On this particular night, unfortunately, the homogeneity was missing and the incident turned into a federal case. Godfrey, the town, reported the Associated Press, is “mostly white,” the Pizza Hut employees were white, and Mary Ann Burton and her family are black. In that milieu, Ms. Burton viewed the bad service as a bias crime. And further, she blamed the alleged racial discrimination on the employer, as if Pizza Hut isn’t fighting unswervingly to sell tomato pies to every soul on the planet, regardless of their ancestral lineage.
“You can hate someone privately and it’s your own business,” asserted Mary Ann Burton, “but when you hate someone publicly, it becomes everyone’s business.” Everyone’s business perhaps, but why is it Pizza Hut’s liability? Especially in this age of declining propriety, a time when we can’t even keep a lid on squalid conduct of an adult in the Oval Office, one could reasonably ask how any company could be held liable for the coarse behavior, if unauthorized, that a gang of teenagers brings into the workplace.
[Nobody asked how the Negroes were behaving while they were in the Pizza Hut—those kinds of questions are forbidden. SMB]
“We concluded there was absolutely no racial or discriminatory be-
On this particular night, unfortunately, the homogeneity was missing and the incident turned into a federal case.
Vol. V, No. 1
41
havior involved, but our employees should have provided better service,” said Pizza Hut, admitting no wrongdoing. Further, the company explained that it trains employees to treat customers and employees fairly and does not tolerate harassment. That, as it turned out, wasn’t good enough for U.S. District Judge William Hart. In a precedent-setting decision. Hart said that Pizza Hut’s employees’ actions appeared [!] to be racially motivated, rejected Pizza Hut’s contention that the state’s hate laws applied only to individuals, and ruled that companies can be held liable if their employees commit hate crimes. Following Hart’s decision, Pizza Hut settled the case (as of this writing, the amount the Burton family will get has not been disclosed).
Pepsi-Co, the owner of Pizza Hut, has since sold the chain to Tricon Global, a conglomerate that’s not unacquainted with bizarre lawsuits. Tricon owns KFC, Kentucky Fried Chicken. Two years before the Burton episode, Kathy Brown went to a KFC in Redondo, California. Before Ms. Brown got her chicken, an armed robber entered the store, pressed his gun against her back and lifted her wallet. Demanding that the KFC cashier give him the cash in the register, the robber shoved his gun harder into Brown’s back and threatened to shoot. The frightened cashier told the robber she would have get the key from the back of the store. Brown screamed for the cashier to turn over the money and the cashier complied. Seconds later, it was over, with the robber and the cash gone and Brown unharmed.
Decent ending? Not quite. A year later. Brown sued, seeking damages for severe emotional distress — sued KFC, that is, not the criminal (he was never apprehended). Giving new meaning to the concept of blaming the victim, a California intermediate appellate court accepted Brown’s hypothesis, ruling that a company has a duty to comply with a robber’s demands and, if it fails to do so in prompt fashion, injured (or frightened) patrons can sue for damages.
“Tne KFC decision is a potential disaster for restaurants, convenience stores, and shopkeepers,” says Theodore J. Boutrous, an attorney in Washington, D.C. “It is bad enough
that these small businesses and their employees must face the real and constant threat of violent crime that could result in economic loss, physical injury and death. To hold that they also may be sued for possible ruinous tort damages on the peculiar theory that they did not make the correct split-second judgment while they were themselves being victimized only rubs salt in the wound.” The KFC decision, asserts Boutrous, combines the worst elements of our criminal and civil justice systems: “The criminal goes free while KFC is victimized twice, first by the robbery and then by a civil lawsuit that will consume vast amounts of time and money to defend and could
ultimately force it to pay a multimillion dollar damage award.”
The bottom line? In more honest times, Mary Ann Burton would have been happy with a sincere apology and a stack of gift certificates, and folks like Kathy Brown, escaping a close call, would be counting their blessings instead of dollar signs.
Ralph R. Reiland, owner of Amel’s Restaurant in Pittsburgh, is Associate Professor of Economics at Robert Morris College. His e-mail address is: rrreiland@aol.coin. His mailing address is: 5623 Baptist Road, Pittsburgh, Pa. 15236. Phone 412-884-4541.
The Politics Of Personal
Destruction
by
Sarah J. McCarthy
“Here was a President who, in order to protect himself, had put out the story that his former lover, less than half his age, was a ‘stalker,’” writes columnist Philip Weiss in The New York Observer. “Who could not feel hatred for such a person?”
Mr. Weiss has been writing about Clinton-hating and Bill Clinton’s politics of intimidation ever since the New York Times sent him to Little Rockin 1997 to write a cover story called “The Clinton Haters,” the crazy-quilt of colorful people that includes Larry Nichols, Linda Ives, Gennifer Flowers, Jerry Parks and a growing assortment of widows, orphans and former beauty queens who at various times were convinced that Clinton operatives were threatening to break their knee caps or trying to kill them, their family, their next door neighbors or their cats. Weiss is a New\Wk liberal, a Clinton voter, but between the lines in “The Clinton Haters” you could tell that it was beginning to dawn on Weiss that maybe the wing-nuts weren’t so crazy after all.
Even though aging flower child author Erica Jong still thinks that the only thing wrong with Bill Clinton is that he’s being pursued by a God Squad of crazed prissies led by Henry Hyde and Ken Starr, if she gave much thought to the Clinton-related body I count lists, including more than a few plane crashes, she might have reason for a whole new book about “Fear Of Flying.” The real case against Bill Clinton isn’t about sex at all, but
ikAiit intimiHdtll
oknut wnat
former Clinton advisor Dick Morris calls Clinton’s Secret Police.
“My big issue is intimidation by Clinton goons,” explains Phil Weiss to Tony, former keyboard player for the band Yes, and who, along with Weiss, was in Washington, D.C., to attend the Free Republic rally for Impeachment. Weiss asked Tony about women on the road. “Every night, a different town, and there were always women,” Tony replied. “For agood 20 years, I lived that life style. That’s rock-and-roll.”
Weiss asked Tony how, then, could he hold Clinton to a sexual standard. “With us, it was open,” he said. “We
42
VoL V, No. 1
weren’t in office. We weren’t serving the people, we were serving an audience every night and went on stage, and yes, it’s a sexy profession. What we were doing, we didn’t have to intimidate women, we didn’t have to shut them up. Would it hurt our careers? Of course not.”
Yes, Tony ofYes, you’ve once again hit exactly the right note. In rock-and-roll there’s few phonies or hypocrites. What you see is what you get. But to try to combine the Office of the Presidency with the life of a sexually reckless libertine, one who enjoys throwing caution to the winds and watching a 21-year-old blabbermouth acrobat-intern doing cigar tricks, there is a problem, especially with the need to cover it up.
Every time this president cries about his condition and “the politics of personal destruction,” and how it is that they took a “wrecking ball” to him, we should just remember the words of Gennifer Flowers: “I felt vulnerable and scared — and for good reason. My apartment had been illegally entered on three separate occasions, and my life was threatened. I’ve seen what happens to people who try to cross Bill Clinton. As in the case of Mafia dons, it is never the Number One man who directly makes threats, much less commits acts of violence.” This statement was made shortly after Flowers’ neighbor, who happened to capture Governor Bill Clinton on videotape entering Flowers’ apartment with his own key, was beaten to within an inch of his life.
“The Friends Of Bill are quickwith the other-guys-did-it-too argument, so comparisons to Warren Harding and Franklin Roosevelt abound, writes columnist Nicholas Von Hoffman inTheNew YorkObserver. “The difference is they were smart enough or humble enough to keep their private parts private. Bill makes his private parts public, even while grousing about invasions of his privacy. The guy’s a flasher, complain-
ing about people gawking at him. Hey, buddy, put on some clothes under the raincoat and you won’t have a problem.”
When Dolly Kyle Browning began a fictionalized account of her relationship with Clinton, she was smeared and threatened. “Our sexpig President is surrounded by enablers,” writes Weiss. “When I said that Mr. Clinton was ‘tough,’ former Arkansas State Police Director Lynn Davis corrected me,” said Weiss. ‘He’s not ■tough, he’s ruthless.’” After all these years, Erica Jong and Alec Baldwin are still giggling over the crazed posse of prissies and sissies — all the Republican people who’ve never had sex trying to emasculate their handsome playboy President. “I want him alive from the waist down,” proclaimed Jong, “even if it’s with a blockhead intern.” But Erica, you aging dingbat, is the Big He alive from the neck up? Does this man have any judgment, any sense of decorum, any respect for his wife or child, for his office, for America’s children, or for Monica, the smitten young chick? Do you think it’s okay for Handsome to call Monica a psycho-stalker and deny their affair before the entire world? To perjure himself over it in a sexual harassment case?
So what, say the President’s flunkies, if Bill Clinton is the first President who needed a Bimbo Eruption Squad (really, shouldn’t it have been called the Male-Whore Eruption Squad)? For these pitiful apologists, it’s just another giggle when the Betsy Wright character in Primary Colors enforces silence for Bill Clinton by threatening bimbos at gun point. “What’s the big deal?,” says Betty Friedan, “if Clinton did what he’s accused of doing?” Wasn’t Friedan one of those sexual harassment maniacs who wanted to bring down the house because Clarence Thomas rented a Long Dong Silver video and then mentioned it in the presence of Professor Hill?
This statement was made shortly after Flowers’ neighbor, who happened to capture Governor Bill Clinton on videotape entering Flowers’ apartment with his own key, was beaten to within an inch of his life.
It’ll be a wonderful day in America when Bill Clinton finally makes an honest man of himself and flies off to his new job at Dreamworks. Hollywood is where he belongs, swimming in starlets in a studio where they made Titanic. It’ll be hog heaven for him and the rest of us might finally get a real President.
Sarah McCarthy is a free lance writer who’s been published in Forbes, Barron’s, Liberty and Insight Magazine.
The RESISTER
OBITUARIES
OUR
NOMENKLATURA
PICKS OUR HEROES
Tass and Pravda Spit on America Again
SFC John S. Mosby
In memoriam: Master Sergeant Roy P. Benavidez Medal of Honor winner. 1935-1998.
ith the passing of Master Sergeant Roy P. Benavidez (Ret.), this author had an opportunity to examine the way our Establishment media revered the vile (mercifully ended) life of one who was aligned with their social-nihilist agenda, and one who they did not portray for duty, honor, country and, above all, principle. On 15 November 1998, Stokely Carmichael, a Communist, a nihilist and a "Black Revolutionary,” had the good grace to finally croak in the African squalor he loved so much and wished upon America. Of course, the Establishment media and its carrion eaters expended huge buckets of ink and fouled days of air time in praise of a Communist who for fought for “civil rights” and who coined the blatantly nihilist slogan, “Black Power.” Yet, for a man who exemplified the word Hero, Master Sergeant Roy P. Benavidez, USA (Ret.), we find but scant reference (buried deep in back pages).
It's funny how they pick our heroes.
Master Sergeant Benavidez was bom in 1935. His family were poor rural Texans
of Hispanic descent. He never advanced beyond the seventh grade, but he left an indelible mark upon his family, his community and the Army he loved. MSG Benavidez, despite his lack of formal education, counseled young adults, His-panics chief among them, to achieve their dreams by studying hard and earning a college degree and not fall prey to the siren call of the streets . Moreover,
MSG Benavidez gave speeches, both formal and informal, on the virtues of good citizenship. In-| deed, MSG Benavidez was a living exemplar to those who were most vulnerable to falling by the wayside and thus had the most to lose. True the creed he chose to live by, he never sought nor asked for anything from anyone other than a chance to prove his worth as a man.
On the other hand, Stokely Carmichael, born middle class in Trinidad and Tobago in 1941, who attained a degree in philosophy, exhorted young Negroes, Hispanics and Caucasians to reject societal values
and acquire the non-values of nihilism. Carmichael, who consistently wallowed in self-pity and degradation, continually whined about his “persecution” simply because he was a Negro, and he always looked to loot the productive to support the mooch-ers that characterized the vast majority of his race. Carmichael, much like MSG Benavidez, had a creed by which he lived; that creed, unlike the principled creed of MSG Benavidez, was a creed based on thievery, subjectivism, and nihilism. What Carmichael could not intimidate or threaten away from whites he advocated stealing from the productive simply because they were productive; a recurring theme his race calls “civil rights.”
MSG Benavidez enlisted in the United States Army in 1955. Upon re-enlisting he opted for Special Forces. MSG Benavidez, already an accomplished soldier, adapted quickly to the techniques of unconventional warfare and relished the responsibility that comes with being an individual working within a team environment. He advanced rapidly to the senior NCO ranks. When volunteers were needed to train indigenous personnel in the Republic of South Viet Nam against communist I aggression from the North, MSG Benavidez, true to his oath to God and country, did not hesitate to raise his hand and answer the call.
Stokely] Carmichael, who did not serve in the military he loathed (he had a college de- I ferment — sound familiar?), could have, like any loyal American, supported his country in general, and its soldiers in particular. However, Carmichael chose differently. Instead, Carmichael, a veteran communist agitator, followed the plan laid out by the Communist International during the 1920’s (and slavishly adhered to by the NAACP) to agitate the Negro race against their betters.
He chose treason (sound familiar?) and championed the criminal ideol-ogy of the enemy MSG Benavidez
True the creed he chose to live by, he never sought nor asked for anything from anyone other than a chance to prove his worth as a man.
44
Vol. V, No
was honorably fighting — communism.
Carmichael, founder of the overtly Communist Black Panther Party, whipped young “multicultural” nihilists into orgies of hatred directed against the same Constitution MSG Benavidez swore an oath to defend. It was Carmichael’s hatred of the productive (read: whites), and the knowledge that the majority of his race were incompetent, that propelled him to seek the aid of America’s Communist enemies. While MSG Benavidez was fighting Johnson’s War in the sewers of Viet Nam, Carmichael was in bed with Castro. While M SG Benavidez risked his life daily in classified missions, Carmichael supported the Viet Cong, Ho Chi Minh, and America’s declared enemies Communist China and the Soviet Union. While MSG Benavidez was stacking magazines and making his greatest stand, Carmichael was pushing the knife in his back.
Compare the Two
On 02 May 1968, an A-Team, operating clandestinely in Cambodia, came upon an oversized NVA Company and were quickly surrounded. As the team called for extraction, an intense fire fight ensued. (Then) SSG Benavidez, monitoring the fire fight at the Forward Operating Base (FOB) at Loc Ninh, helped unload wounded flight crew members sent to extract Detachment B-56, 5th Special Forces Group (ABN) who, unable to land due to heavy small arms and antiaircraft fire had no choice but to return to the FOB.
After assessing the situation, SSG Benavidez volunteered to assist in another attempt to extract his fellow soldiers. Realizing that all of the men were either dead or wounded thus unable to make it to the PZ, SSG Benavidez directed the helicopter to an alternate LZ and ran nearly seventy five meters under intense fire to rescue the men of Detachment B-56. Prior to reaching the men, SSG Benavidez was wounded in his right leg, his face and his head. Ignoring his painful injuries, SSG Benavidez took charge, repositioned his men
and directed fire towards the enemy thus easing the landing of extraction helicopters.
After dragging several wounded teammates to a nearby helicopter, SSG Benavidez came under intense enemy fire while he secured classified documents and sensitive items. While so doing, Benavidez became wounded in the abdomen by small arms fire and grenade fragments in his lower back.
Benavidez, seeing a rescue helicopter crash, went to the wreckage and rescued the crew as I well the wounded it was carrying. Under increasing enemy fire, Benavidez did what professional soldiers are suppose to do: He took charge, distributed water and ammo, and instilled in the weary men the will to fight and live on. In so doing,
Benavidez became wounded again and again, for a total of| thirty six wounds in nearly six hours of fighting. But what sticks out above all is that he continued to ferry wounded to a rescue bird while killing those gooks who wounded him time and again. Indeed, as the rescue bird was about to take off, Benavidez had to exit the aircraft to kill two more NVA who were firing from the blind side of the door-gunner.
MSG Benavidez’citation states in part:
“SGT Benavidez’ gallant choice to join voluntarily his comrades who were in critical straits, to expose himself constantly to withering fire, and his refusal to be stopped despite numerous severe wounds, saved the lives of at least eight men. His fearless personal leadership, tenacious devotion to duty, and extremely valorous actions in the face of overwhelming odds were in keeping with the traditions of military service, and reflect the utmost credit on him and the United States Army.”
While MSG Benavidez lay wounded in a hospital (it took over a year to recuperate), Stokely Carmichael demonstrated against his
country, burned the American flag, advocated a Negro Revolution and spit upon the likes of MSG Benavidez as U. S. Soldiers came home from Viet Nam after serving honorably while having their hands tied behind their backs by filth like ‘President’Johnson and the managers of yet another “Club” (CFR) project designed to demoralize America and prove communism couldn’t be defeated.
While MSG Benavidez was undergoing painful physical therapy, Stokely Carmichael was visiting Fidel Castro in Havana, Cuba. As M SG Benavidez left the VA Hospital to look for a job to support his	family,
Carmichael visited the Soviet Union and the cesspool he loved to wallow in, Africa.
Through our contacts in the Special Forces community, we able to ascertain the whereabouts of those who served with MSG Benavidez. Described as “full of life” and “gregarious,” Benavidez showed a zeal for life that was matched by few. He lived life to its fullest; he lived life as though any day could be his last. Indeed, after surviving in Hell, he had every reason.
Carmichael, having been relegated to the ash-heap when his usefulness to the Party was over, lived his last years poor and decrepit in the Hell he was destined for, Africa.
Yes, it is funny how our nomenklatura pick our heroes.
Rest in peace Master Sergeant Benavidez.
As for Carmichael, good riddance to human garbage.
As MSG Benavidez left the VA Hospital to look for a job to support his family, Carmichael visited the Soviet Union and the cesspool he loved to wallow in, Africa.
The RESISTER
From Trust to Terror
Radical Feminism is Destroying the U.S. \avv
by
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson
$15.00 to:
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
Praise for “From Trust to Terror”
No matter how inane, or destructive to the military ‘liberal' and feminist social engineering fads are, the Starred Cowards will compel their implementation and punish those who dare speak out against the destruction.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA, Ret.)
Editor, The Resister
In his latest book, Dr. Atkinson presents irrefutable evidence that‘politically correct' policies imposed upon naval aviation... have enforced double standards while making a mockery of the truth.... This is a blockbuster of a book and a ‘must read’ for patriotic Americans.
RADM CJV. ‘Mark’ Hill, Jr. (USN, Ret.)
Former carrier commanding officer and Asst. Chief of Naval Operations for Manpower
CDR Atkinson discloses the U.S. military's biggest secret, the Stalinist atmosphere in which America’s fighting men must now work and suffer, forbidden to say what they know is the truth: that women have no legitimate place on a battlefield or a warship.
William S. Lind, Host
*Next Revolution' on NET-TV and former staffer to Senators Gary
Hart and Robert A. Taft ,Jl

flirting with disaster


$20.00
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
WOMEN in the MILITARY
Flirting With Disaster
Brian Mitchell
Finally, the real—and devastating—story of the disastrous impact women have on U.S. military readiness!
Captain Brian Mitchell reveals what top military leaders are afraid to admit. America’s effort to integrate women into the U.S. armed forces has seriously jeopardized our national security. Read firsthand:
The feminization of the military—a failure from West Point to Desert Storm
The true and horrifying story of women in Operation Desert Storm “Sensitivity training" for drill sergeants turns boot camp into daycare Service academy honor codes corrupted—to protect co-education Senior officers forced to lie—or retire—to keep the truth buried
Please send me copies of Women in the Military.
Name
Address
City/State/Zip
Intelligence is a simple and self-evident thing. As an activity it is the pursuit of a certain kind of knowledge; as a phenomenon it is the resultant knowledge.
Sherman Kent
Periodic

k

The line of demarcation between friend andfre...passes a nonphysical, often ideological boundary, which must however be expressly delineated if we want to reach the adversary and to defeat him _____RogerTrinquier
ce Report
“BREED THEM OUT”
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
The Army brass has always hated special forces. They love huge spit-shined armies lurching back and forth across continents forming and breaking lines that can be plotted on plexiglass covered maps so they can contemplate how many thousands can be slaughtered as they rub their chins calculating where to “invest” that blue unit symbol scrawled on map coordinate so-and-so. It is inconceivable to them that a handful of guys can be plopped down in Lower Slobovia and, given reasonable support, commit sedition, subversion and sabotage, and recruit, organize, train and advise (let’s be honest — lead) a Slobovian insurgency.
Besides, the land of guys who could do that sort of thing don’t necessarily make the best soldiers. They tend to be selfstarters, creative, imaginative, innovative and not prone to play by any recognized set of rules. They also tend to be natural leaders. In an organization like the Army, where wishful thinking demands that everybody can be trained to be a leader, like dogs can be trained to do tricks, SF types are clearly a menace. To borrow a line from “Braveheart,” if the Army couldn’t get them out, they’d breed them out.
One way to cripple any elite organization is to expand it. As the demand for bodies to fill the table of organization grows so does the quality of soldier lessen as they are herded through training. The training becomes less a weeding out process to find the most qualified men and more
an exercise in pumping out slot fillers. Another way to cripple any elite organization is to make it a branch. This freezes less than desirable enlisted men into an organization they don’t belong in, and opens up new “opportunities” for officers who’s career
prospects in their Lieutenant General former branches
were, ah, dim. Both William P.Tangney...
methods were used
Starred Weaselspeak the word “goal” means quota. In fact, SFQC instructors were recently told that 420 students would graduate this fiscal year. Following the FY 97 defense appropriations bill requirement that special forces conduct a 100% inventory of it soldiers by race, the GT score for candidates was lowered from 110 to 100, and the swim test was eliminated as a discriminator. The chain of command hotly and viciously denies the purpose for doing so was to make special forces “less white.” Their denials however do not drown out the sounds
of the sociologists and social engineers at the U.S. Army Research Institute for the Behavioral and
uiciuuus wcic uscu i	A/»	Social Sciences	yam-
against special forces always has a wet finger mciing for more “di-
during the early raised into the political versity.”
They
suc-
1980s.
ceeded.
Lieutenant Gen-^
William Tangney, Commanding General, United States Army Special Operations Command, if the results ofhis former “leadership” as commander and commandant of Special Warfare Center and Schools are examined, has a deep and abiding hatred for special forces. He always has a wet finger raised into the political wind (and turned toward the troops). By implementing the social engineering policies of the U.S. Army Research Institute for the Behavioral and Social Sciences (ARI) study that found special forces was “too white” he managed to finally eviscerate what few standards remained in the Special Forces Qualification Course. One suspects “another Star,” his lofty third-floor office, and his current swivel chair was his reward.
In 1997, 241 soldiers completed the SFQC. In 1998 that number rose to 377. The “goal” for 1999 is 420. In
wind (and turned toward the troops).
The chain of command goes through some pretty remarkable contortions to explain away lowering the GT score so that leavening the ranks with Negroes can make special forces more “representative of American society.” This is an effort, according to Special Warfare magazine, to “expand the recruiting market.” (Will somebody please purge the MBAs in the officer corps?) Qualitatively, the excuse goes, “this position is quantifiably supported by [ARI] studies, which indicate the GT score for individuals may vary daily by as many as eight points.” All right, stop right there. The use of words like “indicate” and “may” in conjunction with extreme statistical spreads is a standard dodge by sociologists (the most useless humans on earth), who use statistics like a vandal uses spray paint. The simple fact is that when establishing an objective criterion the only statistic that counts is the mean (i.e. arithmetic
average). Otherwise the criterion is subjective, to advance an agenda, like social engineering. Which in this case is precisely why the GT score was lowered — to get more “underrepresented" Negroes into the SFQC. In short, special forces is being deliberately “dumbed down."
Same with the swim test. Negroes are notoriously weak swimmers, and the social engineers at ARI viewed that fact as a “cultural disadvantage." Yet once again, subjective utopian social engineering metaphysical-egalitarian fantasies trump an objective fact ofbiology.The swim test, 50 meters in uniform and boots, “has been waved as a prerequisite" to begin the Special Forces Assessment and Selection (SFAS) course. If by the end of SFAS the "disadvantaged" student has failed to pass, he is given three weeks to be taught howto swim! “This policy... demonstrates a serious commitment to expanding the recruiting market." Indeed it does, now that race bean-counters in the Department of the Army are dictating standards for special forces.
SFQC,..
I am looking at a recruiting flyer.
It reads, private first class through sergeant first class, and both combat and support MOSs accepted. There was a time when only combat Military Occupational Specialties were accepted. Infantrymen trained as weapons sergeants, signalmen as communications sergeants, on so on. There was also a time when it was rare indeed for anybody over the rank of sergeant to be accepted. The reasons were simple. Special forces are teachers, and you were expected to be tactically and technically proficient in your specialty before you began SFQC. All MOS training in the SFQC did was hone your skills and gear them toward unconventionalwarfare. And the reason senior noncommissioned officers were not accepted is because they would be assuming critical positions on opera-1 tional detachments without the necessary experience. Not any more.
SFQC has essentially become a practical joke. The most remarkable I thing about standards in SFQC these days is that there aren't any. For prac-
tical purposes it is impossible to fail. Not because the training is good (it's not), or because the instructors are so professional (they’re not allowed to be), or the students are intelligent and motivated (read the above), but because the chain of command forbids student failures.That’s not policy of course. But that is how it works out in practice. Particularly when LTG Tangney tells SFQC instructors that they will pass 420 students in 1999.
He needn't have bothered. The students learn very quickly that they cannot fail. The __________________
SFQC has essentially become a practical joke. The most re-
Commumcations training hat been improved also. International morse code is no longer a prerequisite for special forces communications training. IMC is now part of the communications course. This “improvement" is, according to Special Warfare magazine, “expected to maximize training resources and to improve the success rate of 18E students.” Improve the “success rate” means communications students are not permitted to fail. In fact, the IMC standard has been lowered from the old 15/18 to a “standard” of 10/ ^m 10. One 18E instructor said a student who had failed twice told him, “There’s nothing you can do to recycle me/
amount of “counseling” and paperwork required to fail a student is so staggering that most SFQC instructors don’t even *	,	L1	He had a point. The
bother trying. (An- markable thing about chain of command
other crippling standards in SFQC ordered all commu-| legacy ot the female	.	.	,	nications students be
dominated “educa- these days IS that there given passing grades!
don specialists” at the	aren't anv. because they were|
Directorate ofTrain-ing and Doctrine,
who maliciously inflict all the latest civilian “education" fads on the Army.) And even those brave instructors who do try are invariably burdened with the same loser because it now takes a general officer's signature to fail a student! Gone are the happy days when even muttering “I quit" under your breath found you 82nd bound that very day. And just to give you an idea how bad it has gotten, a Phase I instructor last cycle found some students cheating on the compass course and began filling out the termination sheet. The students told him, “F**" you, you can’t kick us out.” And they were right! The chain of command put them right back into the course.
Physical standards have been made “student friendly" also. Remember the old ruck march standard of weapon, water, load bearing equipment and 55 pound rucksack? It’s been improved. Now it’s 55 pounds total, that is including weapon, water, and load bearing equipment. (Speculation: The lowering of physical standards is being front loaded in expectation of the first SFQC to include women. That way the Stars can crow that the standards were not changed for the split tails.)
needed for the next Phase III. The in-
structor was told by his commander that the student’s ODA could train him when he got to his unit.
Why Bother?
T
hat is the question many SFQC instructors are ask-| ing. Instructors are being told by the chain of command that they are “not protectors of the [SF] tab. Then, who is? Isn’t the purpose of the qualification course to weed out the unqualified? Not according to theu rham of command, who are more than] happy to simply pump bodies througjT the SFQC knowing full well they are unqualified.
And to give you an idea where special forces is headed, Robin Sage, the traditional unconventional warfare Phase 111 field exercise, is being eliminated. It is being replaced by “downed pilot" scenarios.
Special forces is dead. It was murdered by its own chain of command.
THE BELLY OF THE
BEAST
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
The study of history used to be a discipline, often studied together with logic, rhetoric, and philosophy. The role of the historian was to record, as honestly as possible, events as they occurred, and when interpretation of those events was deemed appropriate, the interpreter’s views were distinct from the chronology and cataloging of places, times,people, organizations and events. Think of (traditional) historians as intelligence analysts.
In this degenerate age of collectivism, however, history has become the propagandist’s forum, and the dictators tool. You don’t like the historical objective realities of the past? No problem, invent a new history! Toss in some sociology and some psychology for good measure, leaven it with communistic ideologies, season it with calls for equality, and "social justice,” and demands for social engineering and, violal, you have an Orwellianesque "studies” course. Then, invite young ignoramuses, rendered incapable of independent thought over the years by egalitarian brainwashing in government Dewey Camps, to participate in group discussions where everybody’s opinion is as equally valid as anybody else’s (as long as collectivist orthodox dogma —political correctness, also known as cultural Marxism — is not questioned, let alone challenged), including the professor’s. Which means, of course, that truth is relative, history is a “text” (in other words, no different than a shopping list), and stories told around the village fire (in this case the professor’s podium) trump contradictory facts and known realities. The result is a new generation of commissars who will inflict the Communist faith upon unbelievers after graduation — at gun point if necessary.
Such is the women’s studies course,
“History of Women and War,” at George Washington University. It is taught by Dr. Linda Grand De Pauw; founder ofThe Minerva Center, editor and publisher of Minerva: Quarterly Report On Women in the Military, and a quarterly newsletter, Minerva s Bulletin Board. She also runs a (strictly!) moderated listserve, H-MINERVA0H-NET.MSU.EDU that focuses on historical and contemporary discussions pertaining to women in the military.
I subscribe to all
...we passed through the gates of Hell into Stuart Hall, George Washington University, and confronted
three’. To date, inso- the ideological Beast. far as I can ascertain,
I have been the only dissenter permitted to post to the H-MINERVA list with any consistency, often to the outrage and indignation of the list’s other subscribers, who all seem to agree that having women (and minorities, and homosexuals) debilitate the military, and by default national defense, is a wonderful development worthy of exultation. One regular contributor on H-MINERVA is a psychology professor; she considers opposition to the feminization of the military a form of mental illness, a classic Communist response to dissent. There is a male subscriber who works in the Pentagon and addresses his posts, "Comrades!” (Makes your skin crawl, doesn’t it?)
The Looming Gates of Hell
T
he intellectual bent of H-MINERVA is decidedly collectivist. I have a working theory (that is rapidly approaching the status of axiom). That theory is:
“Women are, in general, by their very nature, collectivists.” (There have been, and are, some remarkable exceptions — remarkable because they are exceptions.) Stop and think about it; then observe the general behavior and beliefs of women, and then ask yourself if they should vote. I once wrote Dr. De Pauw and asked for her assessment of my theory. She objected and responded (contrasting the “women are from Venus, men are from Mars” line), “I would observe that humans are from planet Earth.” I wrote back, “Do you realize that you just proved my theory?”
You see, the cultural Marxist euphemism for differences between the sexes is “gender;” a word feminists use for the expressed purpose of neutral-^^— izing any objective discussion about the physiological, epistemological, or psychological differences of — and therefore identifiable and objectively relegated sex roles between — men and women. I know; I walked into that collectivist-egalitarian lexicon ambush on H-MINERVA — once. The respondent — not Dr. De Pauw, — immediately returned a sneering “gotcha!” message. I always thought “gender” was an allusion to sex differences used in polite company. Feminists have quite a different definition for it; which, of course, renders the word utterly meaningless.
About a week or so later, Dr. De Pauw wrote asking if I would care to address her “History of Women in the Military” class. She explained that she was retiring, this was her last class, and she wanted a speaker to address her class who would, to be frank, scandalize them (she does have a droll sense of humor, I must admit). Always eager to remove the battle to the enemy’s home ground, 1 accepted. On 26 October 1998, after a light — almost Italian — lunch (collective tab) with Dr. De Pauw, her teaching assistant David (limp handshake), Mrs. Barry (demure, watching my six — and muling), the comely spinster Miss McCann (who taped the proceedings for posterity), Dr. Huck (who engaged Dr. De Pauw in stimu-
lading table conversation during lunch;, and SFC “Mosby” (TR’s new Horror Quote columnist), we passed through the gates of Hell into otuart Hall, George Washington University, and confronted the ideologicall Beast.
For the most port, her students were young ignoramuses who'd spent their entire fives having their brains laundered in the wombs of government-run Dewey Camps. For them, the subject of women in the military was an Ivory Tower intellectual exercise about how to best inflict Communist social engineering upon an institution they not only had no experience with, but the red purpose of which they only vaguely and dimly comprehended with quasi-literate minds "enriched” by a lifetime of artificial self-esteem and socialist egalitarian fantasies.
Not surprisingly, almost the entire class was female. Dr. De Pauw had introduced me the week previously with a blurb she asked me to write for the occasion. A handful of her students refused to attend class that following Monday. They "chose not to” be exposed to ideas that contradicted their beliefs. No loss. There appeared to be a few male-like bipeds timidly scattered among the females. Only one creature had green hair, it hid itself in a dark corner of the auditorium where it belonged. All told, they were two score; intellectually unarmed but for the propaganda bromides, demonstration chants and non sequitur argument formulae they’d memorized in high school. Except for a single (observed) exception, I was hauling around a 75 pound rucksack, plus 50 pounds of LBE, weapons and ammo, and slurping cold C-Rations in the rain while squatting in mud holes before they were even born. Knowledge derived from experience, of course, counts for nothing in the IvoryTower. There, baseless theories birthed by utopian socialist fantasies, and "dialoguing” means of compelling others to believe them, is everything.
The Beaat
I
am not a brilliant extemporaneous speaker. Recognizing my weakness, 1 purposely did noth-
ing to prepare for my talk, figuring that addressing a hostile audience while having to think and speak on my feet was about the best practice in rhetoric that I could get. After ranging across the landscape of an Army rendered little more than social engineering laboratory by the likes of them, and devastated by "equal opportunity” policies	____
compelled by race in-
failed to train the women to throw a grenade.” That tactic is called Bait and Switch. I answered, “Nice try” She was rather peeved that I knew that tactic.
I think I caused one student to reconsider martial egalitarianism. At one point I mentioned that the Establishment was seriously reconsid-__erine the draft, as combat units, par-
tegration and infec- J wa§ hauling; around a tlcularly infantry, tion by females to the	°	which	are	mainly
75 pound rucksack,
peril and menace of national security — nay, the very existence of America — I had them in a sufficient state of agita-
plus 50 pounds of LBE, weapons and ammo, and slurping
are
white, were getting dangerously understrength because of aggressive female and minority recruiting practices. He made
tion to open the floor Cold C“Ratlons in the some lame objection.
. rain while squatting in “So0," I said, “you ire ttut tne Israe-	*	©	white, you are a	man,
lis....” No they don't, mud holes before they and if the draft re-
they realized very quickly how stupid that idea was. "The people want....” The “people” are a great beast, their “wants” are shaped by propagandists. "But in a democracy....” (SFC
Mosby winced and __________________
leaped out of his perch.) This nation was founded as a republic, it’s “people” worshipers like you who inflicted democracy upon us; men like me will end it. (That horrified them.) “Women have a right to....” Nobody has a “right” to serve in the military. “Military families....” Soldiers are not issued families, their camp followers are not the Army’s responsibility. “The needs of women....” Female “needs” necessitate the squandering of tens of millions annually that could be spent on training ana Operations & Maintenance (O&M). “Equal opportunity....” The military should be racially segregated. (The knot of females sitting behind SFC Mosby were reflexively muttering “racist” under their breath, but they didn’t have the courage to make the Accusation.) It went on like that. After relating the saga of running a grenade range for a support company where none of the females could throw the grenade outside its bursting radius, one of the audience tried this: “You trained soldiers?” Yes. “To the best of your ability?” Yes. “But you
were even born. Knowledge derived from experience, of course, counts for nothing in the Ivory Tower.
turns you are infantry bound — you are bullet-bait.” That seemed to cause him some discomfort. After the lecture, as we were exiting the Gates of Hell (unscathed), I overheard
________________ him	lamenting	his
fate, and possible deferment strategies, to a knot of agitated others.
Critique
D| r. De Paw sent me copies of I the critique sheets. When I was a sniper instructor, me and my partner, SFC John Simpson, would take copies of the student critique sheets to his place and read them as we devised new methods of tormenting students while we s back pitchers of a drink we invent! one day on the range that we anoinl the “wind call” (Gin and Gatoradd Why students were permitted to c tique teachers was never explained, so we viewed critique sheets as insight to the “student mind” and thus a window on new possibilities for torturing them. (Years later, I still have former sniper students come up to me and say, “I hated you, but now I see you were right.”)
«u?cre “ a sample of some of the History of Women and War" stu-
Vol. V, No.
dent critiques (Dr. De Paw went to the trouble of scribbling out the names, and although 1 can still make them out, I’ll respect her redactions and not put names with comments):
Horror Quotes
“Listening to Steve Barry’s speech was one of the most infuriating experiences 1 have gone through. More than anything, I’m amazed that anyone, regardless of whether he is in the military or not, can hold the beliefs that this man does.”
“This discussion got very heated
—	all I can say is ‘Oh my God!’ I couldn’t believe some of the things he was saying. A lot of hands were raised
—	other students tried to debate against him, however I don’t think they were very successful. You [Dr. De Paw] made a good decision when you decided to bring him in — it offers a different perspective and presents that right in your face, instead of just reading it.”
“Why has this man been given a forum to speak?”
“I wonder... how he wasn’t kicked out of the military for racism and sexism.”
MObviously, this man has severe psychological problems with his mother or lack of a mother during childhood. This guy needs to be seen by a female proctologist or urologist to set him straight.” [Laughter!]
aThis man is one of the most arrogant, opinionated, narrow-minded, uneducated [he meant unreconstructed] people I have ever had the displeasure of encountering.”
“I thought today’s lecture was interesting and also very upsetting. He has some very strong opinions about women. He also, I think, is a hypocrit [sp] because he complains about how women are disciplinary problems. However... he was a disciplinary problem in the military because of his blatant disregard of policies regarding women and minorities. I think he has issues with women because he refuses to view us as human beings, rather
than just sex objects and baby-makers.” [My actual words were, “proper roles," and “breeders.”]
“I think it is interesting that the speaker doesn’t view the military as a defense system for the US, but rather to “kill & destroy.” This is a warped
view. It is ridiculous to think that people of different genders & races think differently.” [sic!]
“What good does breast cancer research do for the country? he asks. This is the most obnoxious statement! Women’s health issues are ignored enough as it is — lam glad to hear the military is | researching it — nevermind [sp] if it eats up funds—in my opinion, we spend too much on defense anyway, so this is probably part of the reason I feel it is OK to use this $ for research. His choice of words “infected w/fe-1 males” was extremely strong and quite offensive.”
“I haven’t met anyone this racist, sexist, homophobic or paranoid since I left home.”
“Would you not concede that it is the male disciplinarians that have the problem?”
“The Army is defending a democratic country. Shouldn’t it be a democratic institution? I noticed he was wearing a wedding ring. I wonder who on earth would marry this freak.” [About halfway through the question and answer period, the woman sitting next to Mrs. Barry turned to her and asked, “Is this guy married?” Mrs. Barry answered, “Yes.”] And: “I notice sergeant Barry wears a wedding ring — I wonder if his wife votes!” [No, I forbid her.]
“I wonder if the problems he faced with women were more based on the individuals and not their gender. He seemed to have a fairly logical argument; it was just littlered with inflammatory statements like “bastard spawn.” [In reference to single females in the military breeding promiscuously then demanding tax payer extorted “day care” for their bastard spawn.]
“After hearing this guy, I am thankful for the existence of the Dept, of Defense, & it’s [sic] control by civilians of the military & people like him. I understand what people mean when they say you can’t believe in ‘freedom of speech’ until you can listen to someone who opposes the very things you would and fought for. This is one of the very few times I’ve ever encountered such a strong personality — & strong isn’t a strong enough word.”
“Very interesting, how close minded can one be, although I did agree w/two or three of his points such as we shouldn’t dehumanize the enemy.” [I explicitly stated, in no uncertain terms, that our enemies should be dehumanized.]
“Thought provoking — political correctness spared no relief from the American Dream Society.”
Is There Hope?
There were a couple of comments however, that did inspire treacle-like hope for isolated individuals of the next generation:
“I don’t know why I found myself agreeing with points that I should be morally against.”
“If women cannot fit in to the culture of military “society” there really is no reason for the organization to change simply for one group.”
One student asked, “Why are you doing this?” Because, I said, you are the next generation of political commissars, and I want you to know who lam.
“I don’t know why I found myself agreeing with points that I should be morally against.”
The RESISTER
PEOPLE’S ARMY OF THE UNITED STATES
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Drive down the off-post section of the All American highway between Shaw Road, Fayetteville, North Carolina, and Fort Bragg, North Carolina, on any given day and the odds are even that you will witness a GMC pickup truck roaming the shoulders or median. On the back of this truck you will note two steel mesh platforms designed to carry standing riders. The riders are US Army soldiers. They are armed with trash bags and trash picks. They are on police-call — off post. They are participating in Fort Bragg’s “community outreach” program.
If soldiers performing “community outreach” duties sounds vaguely familiar, it should. The People’s Liberation Army runs “community outreach” factories and business enterprises. The Soviet Army details “community outreach” troops to harvest and transport crops. In fact, “community service” performed by soldiers who have no choice in the matter is the hallmark of every Communist country — and now the “reflection of America” United States Army.
Police-call on a civilian highways; “partnerships” between military units and local schools; soldier “mentors” for “at risk (read Negro) youth” programs; engineer units detailed for “community cleanup” after hurricanes; the “involvement” of the standing army in the local community extends ad nauseam limited only by the community’s “needs” and any given commander’s “challenge” to “improve community relations” between the Army and local governments. Local governments are not stupid, of course, and they’re more than happy to provide lists of community needs" to local military com-
manders. Where else besides the offices of Eagle’ed and Starred apolitical toadies can local government “needs” be gratified at no cost through the dragooned uniformed labor of the military units under their command? Show of hands— anybody...?
I Need Volunteers! You, You, You and You!
T
not considered legitimate government roles. They’d have surveyed the damage, rolled up their sleeves, figured out where to start, then just started. But today, civilians are (for lack of a better phrase) undisciplined, helpless and therefore easily manipulated rabble. (I’m not talking about externally imposed discipline. I’m talking about self-discipline.) So Fayetteville remained trashed while federal disaster “relief” was being dolled out — until the Army was requested to “help the community.” Setting a stupid precedent, Lieutenant General Keene, commanding general, XVIII Airborne Corps and Fort Bragg, dispatched units assigned to Fort Bragg into Fayetteville to “help” clean the mess Fayetteville’s civilians were too lazy or incompetent to police themselves — or who, if competent, were paralyzed into inaction due to city and county “ordinances” regarding trash removal and disposal. It took over a week, but units from Fort Bragg managed to clear most of the debris.
A criminal gang pleased to call itself the Fayetteville City Council, its parasitic social com-missariats, and the
he day following hurricane Fran, in 1996, soldiers living in Fort Bragg barracks had
been detailed almost ___________
immediately to begin
post-storm deanup. Where else besides the ,ocil. CVanT)t As power began	,	rag, the Fayetteville
slowly to be restored offices OI Eagle ed and Observer-Times, Off post soldiers liv- Starred apolitical
mg in the commu-	r	community was a
nity” began getting toadies can local gOV- great “mission” for|
drafted back to base	ttnped«w he	t^ie Army. Thus be-1
L—’--l •_ uttt.t	eminent needs oe	gan numerous mih-
gratified	at no cost	tary “outreach*
®	, j	uniformed welfare I
through the dra	programs encouraged!
gooned uniformed la- by field grade ®	t	.«•	who knew a good al- I
bor of the military truistic officer
three days of forced units under their com- Evaluation Report labor Fort Bragg was	bullet comment
pretty much restored	mand.	when they saw one.
to normal. However,
to pitch in. Which was well and very proper. The military is authoritarian; orders are issued and you do what you’re told. After about
Fayetteville, hopelessly infected with civilians demanding that government “do something,” still lay trashed.
Now, a hundred years ago, had a force 3 hurricane pummeled Fayetteville, do you think civilians would have wailed about no government “services,” whined about the damage done to their property, or lined up weeping for (extorted from others) “aid?” No, they wouldn’t have, because “services” and “benefits” were
Hearts and Minds
T
here is now practically no end to such “outreach” programs.
I Most “programs,” of course, rely upon volunteers who are excused from their military duties to help the “disadvantaged” learn how to color inside the lines, or give Army PT tests to 3rd grade classes. “Camps" for “at risk youth” are a favorite. Hoodlums
VoL V, No. 1
(girls too — can’t forget the girls!) get to play sex integrated Army for a week. National Guard units run basic training style detention camps for “troubled youth,” who, upon “graduation” are then considered ideal recruiting stock for the Army. The list goes on.
The soldiers who are detailed to these “programs” are demanded to believe they are “giving back to the community.” What soldiers have taken from a “community” that would dry up and blow away without their paychecks is not explained.
Is there any ideological difference between American soldiers performing uniformed social work and Soviet draftees picking crops, or Chinese
I People’s Liberation Army factories “providing jobs?” No; it’s all “hearts and minds” work you see.
Only, nobody has questioned why local American governments and Starred Sycophants think it necessary for standing army units and per-sonnel in the continental United States to win the “hearts and minds” of American civilians. Unless such gratuitous “hearts and minds” work is intended to soften future military presence in the “community” during a “liberal” invented “crisis” — like civilians refusing to disarm.
A FEW GOOD MEN
by
SFC John S. Mosby
Mr. Clinton and his supporters do not care in the least about the health of our armedforces. Hateful of a traditional military culture they never deigned to study, Mr. Clintons disingenuousfeminist, homosexual and racial activist friends regard the services as mere political props, useful onlyfor showcasing petty group grievances.
Major Daniel J. Rabil, Major, USMCR
With our Communist sympathizing Commander-in-Chief impeached for “High Crimes and misdemeanors” a few good men have chosen to make a stand against the immoral, or if you wish, amoral leadership that currently emanates from both our elected civilian leadership and those who pretend to lead us militarily. Rare are the times when men stand up to the chain of command, for fear of retribution, to voice their differences in the way in which the military conducts itself. Rarer still are men of Honor and Principle.
In a Washington Times Op-ed dated 09 November 1998, Major Daniel J. Rabil, United States Marine Corps Reserve (USMCR), a man of Honor and Principle, wrote words that have been condemned as “contemptuous” (read: truthful) to Bill Clinton. So too did Major Shane Sellers, USMC, when he too wrote about Bill Clinton in less than flattering terms in his syndicated column in The Navy Times.
Major Rabil spoke of love of country, and with that imparted a strong belief in words long gone from the military lexicon: Duty, Honor, Country. In his stinging rebuke of Bill Clinton, Rabil questioned the lack of integrity of a man who has, for all intent and purpose, decimated and demoralized not only the military, but the country Rabil has unselfishly devoted a lifetime in serving.
With candid rhetoric, Major Rabil laid bare his thoughts regarding his “Commander-in-Chief. Touching on several (though not exhaustive) Clinton character flaws, Rabil takes the reader through a litany of grievances and allegations that have been
levied against Bill Clinton since his 1992 Presidential race. And for his trouble, because he told the truth, Major Rahils military career was effectively ended.
“I loathe the military.” Those words, written by Bill Clinton in a 1969 letter to Colonel Eugene Holmes, in order to escape military duty, were the first wound that exposed then candidate Clinton’s history of disdain for the military — a disdain that continues to this day — and the introduction of “Slick Willy” and his penchant for lying to the nation as a whole.
Since his inauguration, Bill Clinton has used the military for some of the most destructive social experiments that could ever be inflicted on those whose responsibility is to defend their nation. Barely moved into the White House, Clinton’s first priority to allow the entrance of homosexuals into the Armed Forces. After generating reams of paper and weeks of Congres-sional hearings on the subject, Clinton was even rebuked by the Stars he commands. Yet, instead of publicly resigning in disgust like honorable men, the Stars ^compromised” with Clinton and his Communist apparatchiki and appeased the heinous “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy. Soon after that fiasco, Clinton, on the advice of known Communist and Deputy Secretary of State, Strobe Talbot (CFR), reintroduced soldiers to Somalia (Task Force Ranger) to avenge the attack on Pakistani soldiers operating under the auspices of the U nited N ado ns. The result of that of that nefarious action was the slaughtering of U.S. Army Rangers and CAG operators (some of whom
were my friends) at the hands of the human debris that infests Somalia.
While not an exhaustive list of Clinton atrocities, those are just two of the endlessly debilitating actions that Bill Clinton undertook to demoralize and destabilize the military during his six year reign of terror. The question that begs asking is: What took so long for someone in the military to speak out against such a contemptible man?
It the spring of1993, while giving a speech to increase the morale of his troops, Major General Harold Campbell excoriated BiU Clinton for his incalculable character flaws. Calling BiO Clinton “...[A] draft-dodging, pot-smoking, gay-loving, womanizing Commander-in-Chief,” earned Major General Campbell a bitter and unbridled lecture and a swift purging by his Starred “peers.” What example did scolding and punishing a man who received horrific scars from his exemplary and heroic service in Viet Nam set for those without the rank to speak out? It told the rank and file, “You will support and respect the filth that we suck up to.” Indeed, the contemptible Clinton’s then thirteen year old brat even scolded Viet Nam and GulfWar veteran Major General Barry McCaffery when she told him, “We don’t like people in uniform around here." The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Oh, and in reward for his lack of pride, McCaffrey was then promoted twice more and appointed Drug Czar" for playing ball. And you thought the Stars were on your side.
In 1995, while was facing a civil suit for sexual harassment by Paula Jones, Bill Clinton’s lawyer, Robert Bennett, filed a motion in U.S. District Court to have the law suit postponed because, as Bennett claimed, Bill Clinton, while legally the Com-mander-in-Chief of the U.S. Armed Forces, was entitled to relief from a civil lawsuit under the 1942 Soldiers and Sailors Relief Act. It was Clinton’s claim, with help from the Stars, that because he was Corn-man der-in-Chief, the 1942 Soldiers and Sailors Relief Act applied to him! And this from a man that “loathed the military.” With little debate, the court denied his motion. It was then that Clinton appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of the United
States. In June 1996, the Court, in Jones v. Clinton, announced that the President of the United States was not immune from civil prosecution for acts committed in unofficial duties and those before he was president. Thus the floodgates were open that would bring about what seems like the beginning of the end of Bill Clinton.
On 21 January 1998, as L’Affaire Lewinsky unfolded before the camera, allegations were registered against Bill Clinton for a host of crimes. Clamoring from the sidelines, political “talking heads” pontificated that if a soldier were accused and convicted of the charges that were al-
What example did scolding and punishing a man who received horrific scars from his exemplary
leged of Bill Clinton,	- -	.
he would find himself and heroic service in
next to rebuke Clinton publicly. Only this time it was done by an active duty Marine in an “independent” Communist mouthpiece: The Navy Times (Marine Corps edition). Where there was smoke with Major General Campbell, fire was now visible with Colonel Baer and Major Sellers.
Major Sellers, addressing the importance of leading by example, exclaimed, “One should call an adulterous liar what he is — a crimi-_____ nal.” Calls came from the “mainstream (read: socialist) press to punish severely Major Sellers for his “contemptuous words” directed at their beloved hero, William Jefferson Clinton. But the ball was already roll'
unceremoniously yjet Nam set for those Servicemen, al-
court martialed and . . expelled dishonor- without the rank to
ably from the service. speak out? It told the Then, Clinton ap- r
pointed scuts pro- rank and me, You will
support and respect the filth that we suck
up to
claimed that Bill Clinton was not only immune from U CMJ (I guess one can pick and choose when one is military or not), but that having sex with a subordinate and then lying about it under oath was not a crime. Reprehensible they exclaimed, but not a crime. (Only in the world of Washington Weasel Speak can one strip words of any semblance of true meaning and arbitrarily assign them new meanings.) As calls mounted from all quarters for Bill Clinton’s impeachment or resignation, more than a handful of military personal became incensed at their Commander-in-Chief’s behavior.
In the 12 October 1998 issue of Army Timest Retired Colonel John Baer wrote a letter urging Clinton to quit issuing signed letters of appreciation to officers upon their retirement. Colonel Baer, upon receiving his letter from Clinton, promptly tore it up in several pieces and returned them along with a letter to Clinton, advising him that “character is important and you’ve negotiated yours away.” Taking his cue from Colonel Baer, Major Shane Sellers became the
n
Jready exchanging e-mail jokes and criticisms of Clinton, came under intense pressure from the Stars to stop “belittling” the Commander-in-Chief. It is then that Major Rabil plunged |his dagger into the issue, only for Rabil, the dagger eventually became the sword of Damocles hanging over his career.
When Major Rahil's Op-ed piece broke, the jeers and howls from the “media” demanded that action be taken against someone so brazen. Indeed, Rabil titled his Op-ed: Please, Impeach my Commander-in-Chief. But that is were the pleasantries
ended.	jp
Calling Clinton “integrity- jfl paired,” Rabil went on to saytM Clinton was depraved and unwj^ of commanding men in unifo^
sitting in the Oval Office. 9_
Starr report, Rabil pointedlofl callous disregard Clinton ha^B office he holds when he no^f Clinton spoke with a lead) gressman on the telephone i ploying troops to Bosni| receiving oral sex from his co under the desk. Moreover, as cubine was being called before Ai Grand Jury, Rabil, as most Americans did, questioned H
VoL V, No. 1
The RESISTER
ing of the missile attacks on both Sudan and Afghanistan — which were ordered by Clinton so he could come back from vacation on Martha’s Vineyard and “look Presidential” after fleeing Washington the day after his admission of sex with Monica Lewinsky—claiming he was attacking factories that were producing poison gas, when in fact the factories have long been proven to be pharmaceutical in nature. That charade, at the expense of the military, was conjured up to distract the populace from the seem-L ingly embarrassing details of his commission of peijury and obstruction of justice.
Furthermore, Rabil (rightly) called Bill Clinton a “moral coward” for his protest-organizing, flagburning, pot smoking, hedonistic “college protester” values. He further (rightly) claimed that someone with Clinton’s history would never receive any type of security clearance, and, in fact, is an outright danger to the nation, for his behavior is such that, as he was about to consult with two world leaders on a course of action against rogue state North Korea, Bill Clinton kept the heads of state at bay as he engaged in yet another adulterous liaison with Jewess Sperm Gurgler Lewinsky.
Rabil, reflecting the attitude of service men worldwide, summed up his brilliant argument by stating: “William J. Clinton, perhaps the most selfish man ever to disgrace our presidency, will not resign. I therefore risk my commission, as our generals •will noty to urge this of Congress: Remove this stain from our White House. Banish him from further office. For God’s sake, do your duty. (Emphasis added). In doing so, Major Rabil opened himself up to Article 88 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice which states that any commissioned officer who uses “...contemptuous words against certain public officials...” can be Court-martialed, jailed and face dishonorable discharge.
The Resister, without question recognizes the importance of discipline and, just as important, recognizes
(and believes in) civilian authority over the military. But when those civilians are blatant Communists, moral defects, perverts, atheists and criminals, we are under no obligation to accord them any respect nor obey their illegal and unconstitutional orders. We swore an oath to defend the Constitution, not the presidency. The Resister stands four square by Major General Campbell, Colonel Baer, Major Sellers and Major Rabil as the epitome of what our officer corps should be. These men have not forsaken their oath, but rather, having risked their careers for principled action, have demonstrated honor within a group of “professionals” who only seem driven to achieve rank at any cost.
It is surprising (and heartening) for those in Special Forces Underground to see that there are still others who also are beginning to understand that our political representatives in general, and the Stars in particular, are moral cowards; that both refuse to do their jobs; and that both either refuse to obey their oath to the Constitution, or simply do not care.
To those in government and those who pretend to lead us militarily, keep this in mind: N o longer are subordinates remaining silent. There is a stirring of rebellion among those military men who’ve kept their honor, and if you will not rise to do your jobs, we, the real professionals, will rise up and do it for you. You declared war on us long ago, we are now answering your declaration. Be forewarned. We have seen the enemy domestic, and that enemy is you.
We swore an oath to defend the Constitution, not the presidency.
Back Issues &
Subscription
The following back issues ofThe Resister are available. Prices are determined by availability of remaining stocks and are subject to change as stocks are depleted. They will never be reprinted as single issues. We will not honor third party offers! (Check our distributor list on
page 21. They may have sold out is-
sues in stock.	
Vol.II, No.3	$25.00
VoLII, No.4	$25.00
VoLIII,No.l&2	$500.00
(Four copies) Vol.HI, No.3	$25.00
VoLIII,No.4	$50.00
Vol.IV, No. 1	$1000.00
(One copy) Vol.IV, No.2	$25.00
Vol.IV, No.3	$25.00
Vol.IV, No.4	$20.00
Conservative
Review
(most issues available) $7.00 ea.
SUBSCRIBE
Sample:	$10.00
Subscription:	$35.00
Please indicate with which issue (current or next) you wish to begin your subscription.
The RESISTER PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
The RESISTER
NOW AVAILABLE...
A Book You
Will Want To Read...
WHO
SHALL
ASCEND?
Fr. James F. Wathen, O.S.J.
A Treatise on The Catholic Faith & The Conciliar Church
A Companion Book to The Great Sacrilege by the Same Author
Chapters dealing with...the Dogma of Faith, Moral Responsibility, Charity & Justice, Pacifism &r the Morality of War, Socialism, the Demise of Communism, the Second Vatican Council, the Conciliar Popes, Sedevacantism, the present duty of Catholics, and other subjects—680 pages, in paperback. Both Who Shall Ascend? and The Great Sacrilege are essential reading for serious-minded Catholics.
• Who Shall Ascend?....................................$35.00	(P&rH	$3.00)
• The Great Sacrilege..................................$10.00	(P&rH	$1.50)
•	You can receive both titles for......................$40.00	(P&rH	$4.50)
USE THE COUPON BELOW. ORDER BY CHECK OR MONEY ORDER
Yes, please send me: ______copies of Who Shall Ascend?
______copies of The Great Sacrilege
NAME_______________________________________________________________________
STREET ADDRESS ____________________________________________________________
CITY ________________________________STATE___________ZIP____________________
Enclosed is my check or money order for $________________
Payable to: PRIORY of ST. JOHN the BAPTIST Book Fund 3014 S. Third Street Louisville, Kentucky 40208 Phone (502) 637-3839 / Fax (502) 634-9530
Book(s) will be sent Immediately. This flyer may be copied; selling these books is an apostolate for us.
The RESISTER
A representative body, composed principally of respectable yoemanry is the best possible	jj/iap
security to liberty. Any law rendering	i	.	.-	Ftw	.
property insecure, would be injurious to them.	V*:
Melancton Smith, 1788
Every law, or resolution having the force of law, shall relate to but one subject, and that shall be expressed in the title. Constitution of the Confederate States of America
THE GREAT COMMUNITARIAN L HOAX
Jeri Lynn Ball Copyright © 1998 by Jeri Lynn Ball
I
How the Clinton-Gore Regime is Gaining Mass Support for a Totalitarian Dictatorship
Hitler and the N azi movement were once said to be the "apocalyptic riders of world annihilation,” but today the present administration is leading the nihilistic quest for destruction, emblazoning farge across its banners the grinning skull of socialism.1 In their quest for massive and absolute power, our collectivist leaders are injecting a toxic philosophy into the minds of Americans, addicting them to the altruist-collectivist creed, and preparing the country ideologically for totalitarian socialism, Le., rule by terror and brute force.
In 1992 the present administration launched an unprecedented bombardment of propaganda, causing moral havoc and social chaos on a mass scale. Drug abuse among teenagers has soared: marijuana use has
nearly doubled; cocaine use has skyrocketed 166 percent; the use of LSD and other hallucino- I gens has shot up a staggering 183 percent. Countless millions are afflicted by a myriad of painful psychological problems, including anxiety, anic attacks, pho-ias, eating disorders, compulsive behavior, chronic depression, schizophrenia, and manic depressive psychosis. The ranks of the psychologically disabled are growing by leaps and bounds, and many people have become dependent uponpsycho-tropic drugs, such as Prozac,[ Lithium, and Valium. More people than ever before are contemplating or committing suicide. Homosexuality and lesbianism are brazenly flaunted, and raw sex, obscene language, primitive music, ignorance, illiteracy, and the absence of parental discipline are commonplace in America. Almost fifty percent of male college students are binge or frequent
binge drinkers; satanic cults and bizarre mystic rituals are on the rise; juvenile crimes are more vicious and violent; growing numbers of predatory gangs rove urban streets; prepu-bescent children are committing cold-blooded murder.
Americans are plagued by skyrocketing taxes, a soaring national debt, mushrooming government, racial and gender discord, broken homes, and crumbling schools and neighborhoods. Suffering from a massive overdose of collectivism, the country is being gripped by the agonizing convulsions that are the prelude to cultural and economic collapse and the destruction of the nation.
In every cultural area of this country, from politics and economics to education and art, the ideas and trends are now similar to those in Germany just prior to Hitlers seizure of power. America is no longer being guided by the American philosophy of the Rights of Man, but by the ideas of German philosophy. The people are relinquishing the American view and way of life, including economic freedom and individualism, i.e., the moral-political concept that upholds the primacy of the individual and that regards man as a free, independent individual whose rights are inalienable. Instead, they are embracing collectivism, i.e., the theory that the group, collective, or community has primacy over the individual.
In Germany the philosophic ideas originated by German philosophers and spread by German intellectuals disarmed the people, caused the dis-
The deadly doctrines and theories that destroyed Germany were imported into this country and into its colleges over a century ago and have increasingly shaped this society.
integration of Germany, and prepared it ideologically for a dictator. The deadly doctrines and theories that destroyed Germany were imported into this country and into its colleges over a century ago and have increasingly shaped this society. Guided by the ideas of German philosophy, America’s politicians and intellectuals are taking this country down the same road traveled by Germany decades ago and to the same destination — totalitarian dictatorship.
Today in America, there is a battle being waged for the soul of this nation. It is a life-and-death struggle between patriotic Americans and the dominant collectivist political and intellectual elites, who are hostile to our original American system, who are surrendering U.S. sovereignty, and who are promoting the convergence of the noncommunist countries of the West with the Communist East. Patriotic Americans are fighting for individual liberty and national sovereignty and fighting to defeat communism, but many of them have undermined their own cause because they have unwittingly embraced the moral code of these collectivist elites and are following their lead.
The Germans were a nation of decent, educated people, renowned for their cultural achievements and their modem, industrialized, civilized society. Just as collectivism reduced Germany to a state of mindless barbarism, so it is having the same effect upon this country. A nation’s moral code determines its cultural trends, and its cultural trends determine its political and economic trends. In order to defeat socialism and all of its variants — Nazism, fascism, and communism — it is crucial to grasp the cultural trends of Germany during the early days of Nazism and to compare them with those of the United States today. The same basic ideas that shaped German society have been molding the character of Americans. Bill Clinton, A1 Gore, and their collectivist associates are perpetrating on the people the same hoax that Hitler used to manipulate the German masses — the Great Communitarian Hoax. Hitler hoaxed the Germans in order to gain their faith and trust and to accomplish the seizure of power. Leaders of the
The K&Mdl J!Jt
present administration are using this diabolical hoax to achieve the same ends.
The Roots of German Nazism
German philosophy is the product of ahandfid of German philosophers. From the remote confines of tneir ivory towers, they transmitted to German intellectuals an array of mind-wrecking, ego-killing philosophic ideas. It took over a century for the intellectuals, i.e., the humanities and social science professors, the teachers, and artists, to implant this philosophy of hatred	__
and bloodlust into
order consisting of the dominant elite, i.e., the masters, and the subjugated masses, i.e., the slaves. Hitler and the Nazis indoctrinated the Germans with Nazi propaganda; then using trickery and deception, they swiftly and skillfully executed a bold plan to seize legal and total control of the German government.
America — On the Road to Totalitarianism
istory is repeating itself. The political and intellectual collectivist elites have been laying the foundation for totalitarianism for many decades, instilling —	into the minds of
e	nM1	ni.	Americans the
the minds	of	the	Bill	Clinton, A1	Gore,	philosophic ideas
H
Germans. These soul-destroying ideas empowered the Nazi criminals and disarmed and demoralized the whole German people.
By the early part of the twentieth century, the philosophic doctrines and beliefs present in Germany had prepared it ideologically for a dictator. Communitarian	—
ideals, including social responsibility, the obligation to community, selfless service, and the duty to work for “the common good,” pervaded the culture. Adolf Hitler, a pathological liar, a ruthless demagogue, and an aspiring dictator, recognized the deadly nature of these ideas and began to broadcast them at full volume throughout the nation. He pounded them into the minds of the Germans — jackhammer-like — and gained mass approval and support for his dictatorship. Robert Waite writes, “Both left and right rejected political individualism and endorsed, often with ecstatic intensity, the concept of community....”2
Hitler used these toxic philosophic ideas to obliterate the concept of man as a free, self-sufficient individual and to create a new kind of human bein a mindless, helpless robot who wou submit voluntarily to his commands. His mission was to create a new world
and their collectivist associates are perpetrating on the people the same hoax that Hitler used to manipulate the German masses — the Great Communitarian Hoax.
that have left them helpless and demoralized, unable to protect their freedom and rights or to stop the advance of the totalitarian state. Over the past six years, the Clinton-Gore regime has been reinforcing this foundation with a massive propaganda campaign, bombard-- —■ ing Americans with the same altruist-collectivist slogans that Hitler and the Nazis used to disarm the Germans. These collectivist leaders are perpetrating a gigantic and monstrous hoax on the American people, the same deadly deception Hitler and | the Nazis used to enslave the German people. The aspiring dictators i| our government are using this hoi to gain mass approval and mass su port for a totalitarian dictatorshi
The Great Communitarian Hoax
D
esignate certain groups, such as the poor, the homeless, The Children, and the elderly as “needy” in order to justify the creation of a voluntary service community.
Advocate communitarian ideals, including a sense of social responsi-
58
Vol. V, No. 1
bility, a spirit of community, the obligation to live selflessly in the service of others, and the duty to work for the common good.
Denounce rational values, including personal ambition, self-development, intellectual training, self-reliance, practical success, individual happiness, and self-earned, private wealth. Persuade each person to sacrifice his individuality, i.e., wipe out his private ambitions, desires, and interests, merge himself into the community, and become one with it.
Convince the people that the nation can raise its moral standards and create a perfect society by turning away from individualism to collectivism, from a sense of I to a sense of we, from individual rights to a sense of duty and responsibility toward the community.
Train the people to serve together, to live as one national community, and to value their local communities.
Establish government-run schools to indoctrinate children with the altruist-collectivist morality and other government-approved propaganda. Make attendance and support compulsory.
Train people to volunteer to perform community service. Constantly urge them to practice greater selflessness.
Gradually make volunteering mandatory. Use the principle of “voluntary compulsion.” Confuse the masses and render them incapable of distinguishing between consent and coercion.
Make national service compulsory.
Federalize and militarize local police. Establish community policing. Suppress freedom of expression and criminalize nonconformist speech and behavior, such as refusal to perform community service. Establish a police-state concentration camp system to contain political opponents and dissenters. Use terror as a means of keeping everyone in line, threatening them with starvation, beatings, torture, and murder.
Make the masses so intellectually helpless and so devoid of self-worth that they willingly submit to domination by a dictator. Render them so mindless that they passively accept rule by brute force, the loss of their freedom, and terrorism and still feel that they’re part of one big happy na-
tional community.
Establish a totalitarian dictatorship by seizing total control of the government and regimenting the nation’s culture and institutions.
It is crucial to understand the dictionary definitions of two key terms: community and! communitarian. A community is “a socialistic or commu-l nistic society....”! communitarian is “a I member of a community formed to put into practice communistic or socialistic theories.”3
The philosopher Auguste Comte (1798-1857) coined the term altruism.
Comte declares that the Love of God must be replaced by the Love of Humanity and that Christianity must give way to the Religion of Humanity. Altruism holds that selflessness is man’s highest virtue and value and that men must live selflessly in the service of others. In Comte’s view, society must discard individual rights and replace them with duty, duty towards all others. He believes that the government should forcefully cultivate a sense of social responsibility and a spirit of community. It must compel people to selflessly serve their communities and work for “the common good.”
Comte regards men, not as rational, self-sufficient individuals, but as mere cells of a self-sustaining organism, i.e., society, the community, the state. He was afflicted by many mental disorders, once tried to commit suicide, and could not perceive the difference between human society and a colony of ants. Proclaiming himself the High Priest of Humanity, this “mad,” philosopher sought to impose his blueprint for a utopian society on all mankind.4
Collectivism holds that the group or collective, i.e., society, the community, the state, etc., is the supreme entity. According to this theory, the individual is nothing, the community is all, and every citizen must dedicate
his life to serving the whole. There are no rights, only duty, duty to work together and serve together. Collectivist leaders, the voices of the community or government, believe that each individual is a mere cell in the vast societal organism and that they are endowed with special, mystic wisdom. In their view, they have the right to plan every aspect of your life for you, including your occupa-tion, place of residence, status, and economic activities. They feel that they have the right to rob, coerce, intimidate, and even exterminate citizens in order to achieve “the common good.”
In Germany, Adolf Hitler mobilized all of the resources of the nation to fight poverty. The Nazis trained the Germans to “connect” with others, participate in community service programs, and sacrifice their time, money, and pleasures to help the needy. Likewise, the Clinton-Gore Administration has mobilized the human and industrial resources in America to fight poverty and help the poor. Just as Hitler designated certain groups as “needy” in order to justify the creation of a voluntary service community, so the present administration has sought to achieve the same end.
These excerpts of speeches by Adolf Hitler, Nazi propaganda minister Paul Joseph Goebbels, Bill Clinton, A1 Gore and other collectivist leaders, show that they broadcast the same communitarian slogans.
For example, in 1944 Goebbels stated, “The difference between National Socialism [Nazism] and all previous systems... is that its starting point is the community, not the individual... We do not see... things from the point of view of the individual, but from that of the community.”5
On July 16, 1992, Bill Clinton declared that “it’s time to change
...in 1944 Goebbels stated, “The difference between National Socialism [Nazism] and all previous systems... is that its starting point is the community, not the individual... On July 16, 1992, Bill Clinton declared that “its time to change America... We will build an American community....”
The RESISTER
America... We will build an American community....* In Parade Magazine (April 11,1993), H illary Clinton said, *[W]c must think of ourselves as a community....” A1 Gore has
w
stated, “When we brine the community of America together we will... renew this nation for generations to come."*
Goebbels said that the basic principle used to persuade “the whole German people to follow us was a very simple one. It was ‘The Common Interest Before Self-Interest.”’ In 1935 Hitler declared “that the common good should come before the good of the individual....”
In Parade Magazine (December 19, 1993), Bill and Hillary Clinton said, “Let us urge Americans... to join together to promote the common gtwd."
Guided by the ideas of German philosophy, the Nazis urged the Germans to turn away from their individual desires and pursuits and to obey the demand for greater selflessness. The Nazi criminals disarmed the people by convincing them that selflessness was a virtue. Similarly, Bill Clinton and A1 Gore execrate individuals for cultivating and practicing the virtue of selflessness.
During the 1920s, the socialist philosopher, John Dewey, fought to discard America s fundamental ideas, including, individualism, economic freedom, and the pursuit of private gain. Dewey and his adherents, the Progressive educators, used the public school system as the means to in-
w
doctrinate an entire generation of Americans with the basic premises of German philosophy. Dewey believes that the basic goal of education “is the development of a spirit of social co-operation and community life... .” The objective is to develop the child’s “social capacity” by various means, such as “saturating him with the spirit of service....”7
Adolf Hitler called for “the training of joy in responsibility” and for the “fulfillment of duty.” He said that the “Aryan is... greatest... in the extent of his willingness to put all his abilities in the service of the community.”
Hitler writes, “In giving one’s own life for the existence of the community lies the crown of all sense of sac-| rifice... [A] word which magnificently
designates this kind of activity: Pflichterfullung (fulfillment of duty); it means not to be self-sufficient but to serve the community... [A]ny man who loves his people proves it solely by the sacrifices which he is prepared to make for it.”
At Penn State on May 10, 1996, Bill Clinton spoke about “inspiring a stronger, more united American community, rooted in a greater commitment to... community service.” On February 17, 1993,
Clinton extolled “the virtues of hard work and sacrifice for the common good.”
In his Proclamation on May 25, 1993,
Clinton emphasized “the critical need for shared sacrifice in meeting the challenges we face.”
“Voluntary fulfillment of duty,” states Hitler, “has al—I ways determined the best men in their actions....” He praises the “volunteer hero.”8
In a Proclamation issued on April 12, 1997, Bill Clinton declared, “Citizen service is a vital force in American life, helping to build a stronger sense of community... [ W ]e| must continue to foster the spirit of volunteerism, making service the common expectation and experience of every American... Our mission is nothing less than to spark a renewed national sense of obligation, a new sense of duty, a new season of service.” Adolf Hitler urged the Germans to become “a single community of sacrifice....” He declared that the individual’s duty is to give back “to the national community with honest industry what it has given him.” Similarly, on November 3, 1996, Bill Clinton declared, “And we still have work to do to bring this country together as one community.” On May 10, 1996 he had said “...I hope you will go out into your community and find some way to give back some of what your country has given to you.” The Nazis sought to extinguish the people’s desire for a higher standard of lrnng by denouncing this pursuit as greedy and “materialistic.” Instead, they urged the Germans to
pursue the “spiritual values,” Le., nonmaterial values, of the nation. While the Germans toiled selflessly for their community and pursued the “higher spiritual values,” the Nazi gangsters enriched themselves.9
In America, the pious frauds running our government are perpetrating the same swindle, condemning individual gain and denouncing the
rampant “greed” and “materialism” of Americans. While they train the people to pursue the “spiritual values” of the na-tion, they are brazenly enriching themselves.
The Nazis trained the German people to develop a sense of “common purpose” and “unity,” and to become part of a community larger |than themselves. The Ireal goal was to achieve total “unity” of thought and action, i.e., the unconditional obedience and blind conformity of every citizen to N azi party principles.
Likewise, Bill Clinton talks about the importance of developing “a greater sense of common purpose.” He emphasizes the need “to rebuild our sense of unity and community around a shared ethic of responsibility.” (Emphasis added.) Al Gore urges us “to be a part of a community larger than ourselves.”10 Like Hitler, Bill Clinton and Al Gore are spreading the ideas that make men feel helpless and worthless, then convincing them that they can empower themselves by becoming part of a larger community. They are training Americans to commit individual suicide to think uniformly, to behave uniformly, to be good slaves and submit blindly to government regimentation. Of course, like Hitler, they aim to make chil-^ dren exact duplicates of one another, ■ to wear uniforms, and to acquire ttu^ two traits most valued by totalitan ians: blind conformity and uncondH tional obedience.
Besides creating countless locH communities, Hitler strove to build I Volksgemeinschaft, i.e., a “national community.” He planned to create I new social order and use it to “move
They are training Americans to commit individual suicide — to think uniformly, to behave uniformly, to be good slaves and submit blindly to government regimentation.
The RESISTER
eighty million Germans in a solid I block, all marching in step....” This would enable him to realize his goal of a “N azified world.”
Using the same strategy, our government planners have divided America into thousands of local communities, i.e., socialistic societies. These communities have each been assigned a six digit Community N umber, and FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, oversees certain operations with regard to them. Like the Nazis, leaders of the present administration are also building a “national community” and are using it as the means to move 250 million Americans, in a solid block, everyone marching in step, to achieve their totalitarian ends.
At first volunteering to serve the community was voluntary, but it became compulsory after Hitler perfected the concept of "voluntary compulsion.” In Germany the Nazis began to use the power of the government, i.e., police power, to compel citizens to volunteer to serve the community.11 Children as young as ten years of age, as well as their parents, were arrested if they refused to perform community service.
Bill Clinton says that college students should serve their communities and that community service should be Ma part of the curriculum in high school and even in middle school. There are many creative ways to do this—including... making service part of the curriculum... or even requiring it, as Maryland does.” (Emphasis added.) All students in the state of Maryland must perform 75 hours of community service; Miami demands 75 hours of volunteer work; Chicago plans to require 40 hours of unpaid service. Volunteering to perform selfless service is now in vogue, and soon, with the guidance of collectivist leaders, indoctrinated individuals will be shouting their approval of mandatory volunteering, i.e., compulsory forced labor.
Our collectivist leaders are using the government-run educational system as a vehicle to gain monopoly control over the minds of youth. By downgrading intellectual training and de-emphasizing academic subjects, such as mathematics, language, logic, and history, they aim to eliminate independent thought. These
socialist zealots are substituting more “relevant” subject matter: communitarianism, multiculturalism, and environmentalism, i.e., eco-fascism. Children are learning that individuals do not count and that they must yield to the demands of the group and conform to its standards, habits, and attitudes, i.e., embrace collectivism. More emphasis is being placed on selflessness and sendee.
The power of the human brain surpasses that ofthe fastest computer. In order for his brain to function properly, an individual must be engaged in a process of self-development.
He must grasp the appropriate facts of reality and become increasingly attuned to his own deepest needs and desires as he sets his goals and course of action. His mental well-being requires him to think, to grow, to discover his unique capacities and possibilities, and to achieve a strong sense of control over his existence. Constant personal growth is essential for his mental well-being.
If a computer is infected with a bad virus, it will crash. Injecting communitarian ideals into a human brain is like infecting a computer with a devastating virus. The collectivist elite is implanting the communitarian ideal of selflessness in Americans because it is the most toxic concept known to mankind. A selfless person has learned to sacrifice his ambitions, his self-interest, his happiness, his self and is devoid of individuality. Since he is not engaged in a process of self-development, he is unable to become a self-sufficient, independent individual. He cannot achieve and maintain his self-esteem, so he feels helpless and worthless. This is the kina of new human being the Nazis sought to create, a mindless, helpless, obedient individual, a man without purpose, values, or self — a man they could enslave and dominate. Likewise, in America today, the
Clinton-Gore regime is using the weapon of morality to shape the minds and attitudes of Americans and to achieve the same end.
Leaders ofthe present administration are deliberately broadcasting the deadly doctrines which are causing moral, psychological, and social disintegration and which are leading to an epidemic of drug abuse. The growing demand for illegal substances has given them the excuse they need to declare a “war on drugs.” The collectivist elite is using this mammoth drug war to militarize local police departments, to utilize “strike force teams,” to expand community policing, to destroy constitutional protections, and to create a police state.
The present administration is using Presidential Executive Orders to expand the power of the federal government and, ultimately, to establish a totalitarian dic-tatorship. Presidential Executive Order 13083, which has been suspended until our rulers figure out how to circumvent opposition to it, would render the Tenth Amendment null and void if it takes effect. Presidential Executive Order 12919, in effect, calls for the seizure of all this country’s electric power, food supplies and resources, transportation, health and welfare facilities, airports, railroads, etc., if there is a potential threat to this country’s security, such as a financial crisis or growing international tension. This order calls for the FEMA Director to see to the “central coordination of the plans and programs incident to authorities and functions delegated under this order....”
The Pursuit of National and Individual Suicide
From its founding until the 1930s, the dominant policy of this country was individualism and capitalism. It was during the thir-
Volunteering to perform selfless service is now in vogue, and soon, with the guidance of collectivist leaders, indoctrinated individuals will be shouting their approval of mandatory volunteering, i.e., compulsory forced labor.
ties that America’s founding ideals gave way to the altruist'collectivist philosophy. Franklin D. Roosevelt proposed a “New Deal” and used these measures to turn America into a welfare state. For the past seventy years this country has been guided by the ideas of German philosophy—by the moral code of altruism, the theories of collectivism, the doctrines of irrationalism, and the premise of statism,
i.e., the principle or practice of concentrating power in the state and, at the same time, suppressing individual freedom.
This nation is now at the brink of cultural and economic collapse. Just as Hitler used the Great Depression as an opportunity to establish his dictatorship, so our collectivist leaders, who are manipulating the nation’s finances, are counting on an economic depression in this country to introduce totalitarianism in America. The merging of every individual into the collective, unconditional obedience, and total regimentation are the path to national and individual suicide.
America — A Nation of Individualism
The Founding Fathers created the first nation in history to be based on the primacy and sovereignty of the individual and the supremacy of individual rights. The American philosophy holds that the individual is the supreme entity in society and that he has the right to plan his own life. The individual requires economic freedom and achieves success by his own personal initiative and independent effort. He asserts his individuality by independent thought and by setting his own goals and course of action.
In a free society, the single most important word is “1,” and the single most important concept is the individual’s inalienable right to his own life, liberty, property, and happiness.
The two most important words are “I want.” Every American has the right to think, to grow intellectually, to move forward, to better himself— to want to achieve his own self-made success and self-respect through self-development and self-reliance.
The three most important words
are reason, purpose, and self-respect. An individualist’s central purpose is productive work. He strives to develop nis mind to the fullest in the pursuit of his own chosen career. He enjoys the experience of living because he constantly expands his knowledge and skills and has a firm sense of control over his existence.
The four most important words are “My mind requires freedom. ” The rational mind re-quires freedom. Men can act rationally only in a free society in which the
The sole purpose of the government was
rights. It did not take away ones income for others. On the contrary, it zealously protected each citizen s private income. There was no annual federal income tax before 1913, and the normal operation of the government was paid for by indirect taxes, such as import and excise taxes. The government upheld individual freedoms, including the freedoms of speech, press, and religion.
^_ The American
people believed they had the right to take the actions necessary to support, enjoy,
government’s sole the protection of man’s and fulfill their own
function is the pro- r	#	lives.	In	this fabled
tection of individual rights, including prop- land of opportunity,
rights. No man can exercise his own rational judgment nor act to achieve values with the cocked gun of an irrational bu-reaucrat aimed at his head.
The five most important words are honesty, integrity, justice, productivity, and pride, which are the virtues practiced by men whose goal is their own moral perfection.
The six most important words are “I exercise my own rational judgment.” A rational man is guided by the facts of reality and not by public opinion polls nor the feelings, whims, and desires of others.
America was a nation of individualism, of sovereign individuals, of independent, self-sufficient men and women who owned their own minds, lives, work, and property. Our free and independent republic was created and sustained by individual action, individual genius, individual integrity, individual courage, and individual achievement. The people were the masters and the government was their servant.
The United States was the freest and most moral country in the world from the time of its founding until the 1930s. The rate of alcoholism and crime steadily dropped, depression was practically nonexistent, slavery was abolished, and the country had a highly educated work force. The people enjoyed an increasingly refined culture ana a constantly rising standard ofliving.The sole purpose of the government was the protection of man's rights, including property
erty rights. It did not take away one’s income for others.
they used their minds to the fullest in the pursuit of their own personal interests and the making of their own private wealth. Their limitless ambition, their ingenuity and inventiveness, their spectacular scientific and technological achievements were all the product of individual freedom. They were eager to achieve their own happiness and felt respect and good Mill toward others.
In the past, the poor worked hard and strove to better themselves. They saved their money, sought to make wise investments, bought their own homes, and reached their peak earnings after years of perseverance and effort. The people did not demand unearned goods and services, such as homes, food stamps, and clothing, because they were poor. And the affluent did not offer to sacrifice their time, money, and lives to serve them. Early Americans admired self-reliance, intellectual growth, productivity, and vehemently rejected | handouts, subsidies, and other destructive forms of the welfare stat They did not rob others of their 1 confidence, happiness, and selfl teem by giving them something) nothing, crippling their indea dence, undermining their willf achieve, and blocking their per growth.
There are a small number ofP y‘duals in every society who are 1 ing but unable to work^ and they ml depend upon family, church, and piJ vate charity. In a society whose domP
Vol. V, No. 1
62
The RESISTER
nant policy is individualism and laissez-faire capitalism, i.e., a free society, men uphold the virtues and values of a rational code of ethics, including kindness, sympathy, and authentic benevolence. In such a society, it is possible to accumulate surplus wealth and to provide non-sacrificial help to those who are unable to provide for themselves. It is a virtue to help a loved one and to provide temporary assistance to a friend or neighbor who is sick, starving, or confronted by some overwhelming obstacle.
It is a virtue to provide private (non-governmental) help to a stranger during an emergency, such as fire, flood, accident, or earthquake. This includes temporary assistance for someone who has lost his home. These sudden and unexpected events are limited in time, catastrophic in nature, and require immediate action.12 Most cases of poverty and homelessness, however, are not the outcome of emergencies. In these instances, one can help those who are in straitened circumstances by giving them encouragement to work hard and to better themselves.
The poor, the homeless, and the illiterate can be helped effectively by, among other things, reestablishing America as a constitutional republic, privatizing the government-run educational system, phasing out the programs of the welfare state, and instilling in Americans the moral ideals that once made this nation great. We must expose the communitarian hoax, reject the altruist-collectivist morality, and educate the whole country in every aspect of the principle of individualism.
Individualists, who live by a rational code of ethics, value intellectual growth, constantly seek to expand their knowledge and skills, and achieve their own happiness by using their minds to the fullest. They take pride in living by the code of competence and enjoy mastering the methods and materials of their own chosen vocations or professions. They do not endeavor to make themselves brainless by getting drunk, doing drugs, gambling, or engaging in casual sex. One of the longest research studies into adult mental health in American history — The Grant Study of Adult Development — proves that
career success and a happy, healthy personal life, i.e., deep friendships, marital harmony, etc., go hand in hand. These findings were reported in the October 1988 issue of Forbes.
Thomas Edison learned early on to follow his own “real road.” His creative purpose — to achieve success as a great inventor — was a lodestar that gave meaning and direction to his life. At the age ofl forty-two, he had good health, a loving wife, a happy home, a career he loved, his own fully equipped laboratory, and the admiration of the best men in the world.
Edison, a firm believer in personal^ ambition, self-reliance, and practicall success, was one of this country’s most renowned individualists. In his view,| a man’s primary purpose was to love his work and to constantly seek to improve his product or performance, making it more efficient, creative, elegant, refined, and so forth. His secondary goal was to make money. Edison fully believed in the wage motive and the profit motive. His purpose was not to selflessly serve the community, but to invent, to earn money, and to make a profit so that he could support himself and his family and expand his business.
The profit motive is an incentive that motivates men to make better machinery and tools, to cut costs, and to sell cheaper. The result is better jobs, higher wages, shorter working hours, and new comforts and conveniences that become affordable to the vast majority of citizens. The wage motive is an incentive that motivates men to develop their skills and efficiency so that they can become more productive and command higher wages.
Edison perfected thousands of inventions, including the light bulb and the electric generator. Samuel B. Pcttcngill writes, “In 1940... it was estimated that electric power alone in this country was performing work equal to the labor of 500,000,000 men, each working eight hours a day....”1*
Individualists, such as Thomas Edison and Henry Ford, have done immeasurable good for mankind, but
that was not their goal. Their purpose was to pursue their own individual good, not to fulfill their “moral duty" to achieve “the common good.” Their brilliant inventions were not the product of government orders, threats, or compulsion, but of economic freedom and individual genius.
The government docs not create wealth. Government planners use Hcontrols and regulations to gain dictatorial power over producers. They bleed them by taxes and seize their property. The planners replace abundance with poverty, inefficiency, waste, and Jcorruption. Their regulations choke private business. Their taxes and controls cut profits, destroy the incentive to produce, and cripple individual ability and individual effort. The planners make it impossible to achieve economic prosperity and security.
Collectivist planners have learned no useful trade or skills and are unproductive, predatory and parasitic. In the name of achieving “the common good,” they use the power of the government (police power) to seize the wealth of producers, and then they themselves live off some of the loot and distribute the rest to their supporters. They use terms, such as American brotherhood, humanitari-anism, and community reinvestment, to describe their criminal acts. These bandits are not involved in production but in distributing material wealth they have robbed from hardworking taxpayers.
The Clinton-Gore regime and its collectivist associates are perpetrating the hoax of the century. They are unleashing upon the world inconceivable horrors and miseries, and already there are untold psychological and physical casualties. We will win the battle against tyranny by exposing their hoax. We will stop the destructive trend by rejecting the ideals of communitarianism and by rallying the people to fight on the battleground of ideas for the values that once made this country great.
America was not created as a slave society. Americans were not selfless, and they did not sacrifice their lives
Collectivist planners have learned no useful trade or skills and are unproductive, predatory and parasitic.
The RESISTER
to serve the collective, i.e., the com* munity, the agents of government, or a globalist elite. We will defeat the aspiring dictators in our government by vehemently rejecting the term community, by refusing to perform community service, and by repudiating collectivism and the concept of selflessness. We will ward off ruin, defy tyranny, and save this nation by spreading the truth and by reaffirm* ine our belief in the rights of man. With 250 million enlightened, intelligent Americans, you can be sure that we will restore the American spirit and keep America the land of the free, the home of the brave, and the nation of individualism.
The Voices of America’s Destruction: And the Life Giving, Life* Celebrating Antidote exposes “The Great Communitarian Hoax” and reveals the present administration’s twenty-one biggest brain-stopping lies. It offers you powerful intellectual ammunition and shows you how we can boldly stand up as individuals, join forces, become unstoppable, and win on the battlefield of ideas.
I II
The Clinton-Gore Regime’s Agenda For Destruction
A1 Gore writes, “I have come to believe that we must take bold and unequivocal action: we must make the rescue of the environment the central organizing principle for civilization... [W]e are now engaged in an epic battle to right the balance of our earth... Adopting a central organizing principle — one agreed to voluntarily — means embarking on an all-out effort to use every policy and program, every law and institution, every treaty and alliance, every tactic and strategy, every plan and course of action—to use, in short, every means to halt the destruction of the environment....”14 The present administration is in fact using an array of totalitarian techniques and tactics, a conglomeration of communist and fascist programs, and a multitude of socialistic plans and policies — using, in brief, every means at its disposal to achieve the
private business.
destruction our American republic and the seizure of power. The following summary will give you a general idea of its malevolent, tyrannical agenda.
This administration is subjecting Americans to a systematic process of in- """""——^
doctrination and Qur collectivist lead-
practicing Hitler s
“technique of the Big ers are using environ-Lie.” Hitler declared,	, 11	.
“[Something of even mental laWS to seize or the most insolent lie control private prop-will always remain . j .	«	A
and Stick...The erty and to regulate
Voices of America's Destruction reveals the present administration’s twenty-one biggest brain-stopping lies and shows that most of what they are saying is sticking.
Hitler and the Nazis gained total control of the media and achieved the Nazification of the entire culture, using the press, radio, the arts, literature, and films to shape the attitudes of the Germans. In America today, leaders of the present administration are using, in addition to these means, powerful new instruments of communication — television, computers, the Internet, and satellites — to put this nation into a Communist-Nazi strait jacket.
Our collectivist leaders are using environmental laws to seize or control private property and to regulate private business. Under the guise of “saving the earth’s environment” and stopping crime, they are forming alliances with nations, such as Russia and Red China, whose communist systems have already brought about widespread pollution and ecological catastrophes.
The globalist environmental elitists’ agenda for the U.S. includes a plan for “sustainable living,” depopulation, enslavement, and human-inhabited islands surrounded by vast regions designated as natural wilderness areas. Almost one-third of America’s land is already owned by the federal government, and it is using every possible law and policy to expand the public domain. Industrialized, capitalist nations are the most sound ecologically and have the least pollution, socialism, i.e., government ownership or control of land and
production has resulted in environmental degradation and massive pollution in every country that has tried it. The socialist environmentalists aspire to end private ownership of land and production. We will suffer every environmental catastrophe predicted by the eco-fascists if they are successful in their at-tempts to end the original American system. The real goal of these nihilists is not to improve the environment but to control every human being on this planet, to enslave and rule, to terrorize and destroy — to destroy for the sake of destruction. Some of the most deadly and destructive eco-terrorist acts include those committed by radical environmentalists in Vail, Colorado, and the series of Unabomber attacks by Theodore Kaczynsld. According to a report in The American Spectator (June 1996), A1 Gore’s book, Earth in the Balance, was discovered in his shack, with parts underlined in pencil and numerous notes written in the margins.
Government planners have adopted the ten planks of the communist platform and are using, among other things, the following means to achieve their ends: the federal income tax, the inheritance tax, and other means “to wrest, by degrees, all capital” from private owners; the “Federal Reserve System and government controls of credit and interest rates;” asset forfeiture or the confiscation of private property, government control of the educational
system.16
The Clinton-Gore regime and its
collectivist associates are achie the N azification and commui of both the schools and the pol They are capturing the minds ofyd| and of the police by a process of tematic indoctrination. The focul on “character-building,” i.e., re] menting the “character” to unqui tioning acceptance of theil collectivist-statist political prinT ciples. They are putting together thfl organizational apparatus to train] community policemen, as well implementing their plan to achii
Vol. V, No
The RESISTER
dictatorial control over education with programs, policies, and laws, such as The Goals 2000: Educate America Act and the School to Work Opportunities Act (SWO).
The present administration has been unrelenting in its quest for universal health care. Since one-seventh of the economy is concerned with health care, control of this industry would greatly expand its power over the people. Government planners are implementing their plan for managed care and are redistributing health care from the insured to the uninsured, from U.S. citizens to non-citizens, and from responsible people to those afflicted by infectious diseases caused by drug addiction and promiscuity. Following the Nazi model, they are reducing the length of medical studies by two years, pushing the use of “physician’s assistants,” and encouraging medical schools to de-empha-size scholastic achievement and place more emphasis on selfless service.The planners are destroying the best health care system in the world.
In the September 1998 issue of Middle American News Robert Holland writes, “Already, a 1996 law authorizes the administration to issue every American a‘unique health identifier,’ an ID with a biometric mark... which would enable the feds to keep track of the medical histories of all Americans on a national database. With the Executive Order [13083] mandating ‘uniformity,’ such a system easily could be merged with other federal data collection efforts to mandate a single, all-telling national ID card that all citizens would have to carry.”
Government planners have conceived and implemented another strategy to destroy our American republic; that is, to repopulate this country with immigrants from Third World socialist nations. The planners are not protecting our borders and have extended what amounts to an open invitation to these immigrants. The flood of immigrants is being lured here with an array of social-welfare benefits and special treatment. Many of the new arrivals reject assimilation and cling to their own language and primitive, collectivist customs. The present administration is using this invasion by socialist immigrants to obliterate America’s cul-
ture, language, and tradition.
The Clinton-Gore regime is cooperating politically, economically, and militarily with communist Russia, the other “former” Soviet Bloc republics, and Red China. It is binding these nations closer to the United States by giving them billions of dollars in the form of cash, investments, loans, and high-tech equipment. Our leaders have sold U.S. equipment and sensitive technology to Red China, which, as a result of their treasonous acts, now has the capability of launching a missile attack against this country. At the same time, they are dismantling and demoralizing our own military. This administration is surrendering the sovereignty and independence of the United States and plans to join together with these communist nations to create a global totalitarian empire.
These “one-world-global ideologists” have crafted a I blueprint for total world government, and they have made considerable progress in laying the foundation for their “new world order.” Our globalist leaders are empowering the UN ana working to create a “community of nations.” Architects of the new world order plan to make countries economically interdependent by creating regional entities, such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), the European Union (EU), and other UN affiliated trade blocs, then merging all of them into a one-world government. Since globalist bureaucracies control trade, it is not “free trade.” Furthermore, there is no such thing as “free trade” between predatory communist nations and capitalist countries, on which they prey. The GATT agreement and NAFTA were ostensibly enacted to promote “free trade,” but in fact they are forcing or inducing companies to shift production overseas, destroying American jobs, and making this country dependent upon other nations for
food and manufactured goods. The globalist elite plans to force the United States, as well as the other nations of the world, to commit national suicide, dissolve their national boundaries, and merge themselves into a world government ruled by the United Nations.
Ill
The "Strong, United, Caring” Community:
An Unreal, Deceptive, and Deadly Facade
The collectivist political and intellectual elites are manipulating the minds of Americans with an array of brain-stopping lies, myths, and slogans. Their assault on the individual and their glorification of community are intended to create a pervasive and permanent state of mass mindlessness and a willingness to submit to their authority. Defiantly rejecting the facts of social reality and the values required by human life, they are fighting for total authority to plan and control the lives of all Americans.
The Nazis cultivated a sense of community and a spirit of social cooperation with myths, rituals, and campaigns, such as the Strength through Joy movement and the annual Winterfoilfe ritual. With a view to instilling greater selflessness, they used the media to create “a wave of publicity” for this ritual, which lasted from October to March. The Germans were expected to go door-to-door to collect food, money, and clothing for the poor. The purpose of the Strength through Joy movement was to promote universal participation in community sports, theater, clubs, lectures, tours, and recreation. In addition, the Nazi party organized the Hitler Youth, which placed great emphasis on “community and part-
Government planners have conceived and implemented another strategy to destroy our American republic; that is, to repopulate this country with immigrants from Third World socialist nations.
nership in the service of the entire German people." Children were trained to submit to the dictation of career paths by the government and to participate in national labor service and environmental programs.17
The Nazis used the concept of community to instill fanatical loyalty, weld the people together, create unity of thought, and achieve unconditional conformity and devotion. Setting up a military-like chain of command for fall phases of economic, political, and social life in Germany," the Nazi party succeeded in “imposing on its people the most rigid, uncompromising, and autocratically controlled straitjacket ever devised by the human mind."
After a century of being saturated with the ideas of German philosophy, Germany was seething with hatred, awash with mind-altering drugs and mystic cults, and torn by crime, violence and murder. During the early days of Nazism, there were countless warringgroups, including “gay rights” groups, antigay" groups, anti-tech-nology groups, rich groups, and poor groups.18 The Nazis used draconian methods and penalties to curtail the conflict, curb the “crime crisis,” and restore “order."They used the moral havoc and social strife to justify the creation of a system of terror.
The Nazis, whose top leaders included criminals and “notorious homosexual perverts," increasingly relied upon the instrument of terror and constant surveillance by the uniformed regular police, the “Orpo,” Le., militarized community Thought Police. Heinrich Himmler “set up the organizational apparatus for systematic indoctrination" of these policemen, who had daily contact with the people and who were to become the agents “on every street corner" and in every community. The purpose of the training sessions was “to train the police as a ‘combat unit ’ which ‘would consider and interpret each problem confronting it in accordance with National Socialist [Nazi] feelings, thoughts, and actions.’" The police officer was trained to develop a blind and fanatical devotion to communitarian ideals and to the community. The brainwashing “included an attempt to redefine the realities of the world around him and to produce attitudes based on politi-
The RESISTER
cal bigotry, racial prejudice, and the tendency to obey unconditionally orders given him.
The Nazi jurist, Dr. Walter Hamel defined “the Nazi concept of what police should be: ‘One must never forget that... all police activity has a final political aim: to curb the free activity of the individual by threats and application of immediate force if such activity is detrimental to the nation.”*
The community policemen became tools of the Gestapo, i.e., the Secret State Police. _________
tneir nomes, scnools, ana ousmesses and transported to slave labor camps or to concentration camps, where they were beaten, subjected to gruesome medical experiments, tortured, or exterminated.
History Is Repeating Itself
T
he voluntary service community is an unreal, deceptive, and deadly facade and is being used as the means to gain total control over the mind and activities ....... of every individual.
Some politicians and
Their job was to detect, investigate, re- The Clinton-Gore re- intellectuals in
port, and combat •	America are know-
auspicious" and 8 sanctions homosexuality in the military and has appointed many homosexuals to high “to extend state bureaucratic positions, proval and support,
ml over th*	r	they are “selling" the
concept of commu-
suspiciou subversive” activities, “political crimes," and “antisocial" behavior. The facts show that Himmler’s basic goal was
control over the
ingly following the blueprint of the totalitarian state, others unwittingly. Using a Nazi-like “sales campaign" to generate popular ap-
populace, broaden surveillance of the people, strengthen
totalitarian rule in Germany, and enhance his own position....”
A psychological atmosphere of fear, anxiety, terror, and suspicion pervaded every community. The Germans became fearful of expressing views that were at odds with Nazi political principles even in the privacy of their own homes. Schoolchildren were taught to hate and spy on their own parents and to become informers for the Nazis. People who deviated from the norm, i.e., those who failed to perform their “spiritual duties" to the community and to show enthusiastic support for community activities, were regarded as “antisocial."
The N azi thugs criminalized nonconformist speech and behavior. Ger-mans who refused to accept standardization, regimentation, and the loss of their freedom and who expressed views that were socially and politically “incorrect,” i.e., that were at variance with communitarian ideals and Nazi political principles, were branded as “political” criminals or “community aliens.” They were singled out by community police or by the Gestapo, “visited with terror, and subjected to draconian punishments.1’ Citizens were seized trom
nity, the policy of community policing, and the idea of federalized and militarized police departments in this country.
In October each year, on Make a Difference Day, Americans are being asked to improve their communities and to reach out and help the poor, however, millions of people volunteer daily to serve their communities. Collectivist leaders are cultivating a spirit of community by whipping up passionate enthusiasm for countless community activities, such as community sports, recreation, theatrical productions, tours, lectures, and “Farmer’s markets.” The Boys &j| Girls Clubs of America is a rapidljr
growing youth development orgi zation which promotes projSj such as “career exploration,” enviroi mental education, and training | community service. The Boys Girls Clubs and The Big Brothei Big Sisters of America appear to ■ the counterparts of the Hitler Youth] in Germany and are carrying out simi lar functions.
The Clinton-Gore regime sanctions homosexuality in the military and has appointed many homosexi^ als to high bureaucratic position] Some leaders and former high-ran] ing officials of this administrac
M
Vol. V. No
have been accused or convicted of criminal acts. In various ways they have facilitated drug trafficking and drug-related crime and corruption. Claiming to be fighting a “war on drugs and crime,” they are proposing drastic new measures to solve these drastic problems. New hate crime laws and “crime prevention” have been proposed to restore “law and order.” Just as the Nazis used the escalating war on crime to justify the creation of a system of terror, so our collectivist leaders are pursuing the same deadly agenda.
The Clinton-Gore regime is pushing for legislation that would give Federal prosecutors the authority to prosecute hate crimes perpetrated because of the gender, race, sexual orientation, or disability of victims. U.S. attorneys around the country would form task forces. Joining together with local and state officials they would coordinate the investigation and prosecution of hate crimes, assist in the training of officers to detect or identify hate crimes, and promote the reporting of such activities deemed unlawful by the government.
Crimes such as murder, rape, and theft are already illegal, and in some states, premeditated murder is punishable by death. The ostensible purpose of hate-crime laws is to prevent intimidation of certain groups. There can be no doubt that the real goal of totalitarian is to put together the organizational apparatus necessary to systematically train and indoctrinate policemen, to prepare them to become part of a militarized community Thought Police, to make them tools of the federal government, and to redefine their duties to include combating “subversive” activities, investigating “political” crimes, and spreading political propaganda throughout their communities and in the schools.
At a conference on school safety on October 15, 1998, Bill Clinton stated, “Today, I am pleased to announce a new $65-million initiative to help schools hire and train 2,000 new community police and school resource officers to work closely with principals and teachers and parents and the students... Community policing has helped to make our streets safe; it can work for our schools, too.”
Task forces now investigate lawful political and religious groups whose activities appear to be “suspicious.” Already, some constitutionalists and members of the!
Christian right have been called “militant,” and citizens! who decry| administration's! treasonous and criminal activities are being branded as “right-wing extremists.”
Attorney General Janet Reno states, |
“We have seen so much done through! community policing, through com-| munities devising how they want their police to respond....”20 The present administration advocates the widespread use of community police, task forces, and “strike force teams,” composed of federal, state and local law enforcement agents, as a means to deal with our “crime crisis.”
Columnist Paul Craig Roberts writes in his column, “The botched raid in Waco,” that Attorney General Janet Reno is “the woman who killed more people than Billy the Kid.” In his column titled “The Gestapo empowerment bill,” he says, “Few groups in the U.S. have matched the acts or terror committed by the FBI at Waco,Texas, and Ruby Ridge, Idaho.”
There has been an escalation of the militarization of local police departments, i.e., the merging of military and law enforcement functions. Forces of the ATF, wearing masks and black flak suits and equipped with machine guns, “have been breaking into homes in the middle of the night on suspicion of illegal arms possession and brutally maltreating the inhabitants. ...” The victims in those cases were found innocent.21 It is not known how many citizens are now being subjected to warrantless searches at gun point or otherwise being deprived of their inalienable individual rights by the government, which is no longer bound down by the chains of the Constitution, which is fighting for unlimited power, and which is now more dangerous than any criminal on the street.
SWAT teams are already conducting “high risk warrant work,” which
includes “no knockentries.” If the day comes when you can be accused of “politically incorrect” thought crimes, you won’t have to worry about the midnight knock on the front door, it will be smashed down and you will be subjected to the inconceivable brutality and terrors of the totalitarian state.
George L. Mosse writes, “[T]he Nazi party, like the spider in its web, controlled all the lifelines of the nation.” Hitler achieved despotic, iron-handed totalitarian government power and autocratically asserted that there was going to be “no license, no free space, in which the individual belongs to himself.”22 The Clinton-Gore regime and its collectivist associates, like predatory spiders, are spinning a gigantic local-national-world-wide web of strong, united, caring communities—a massive global totalitarian trap from which no one will be able to escape.
The leaders of the present administration and their communist allies are accelerating their malevolent agenda and soon they will become invincible. Kenneth W. Sollitt correctly states, “Whether or not you lose your freedom depends on how you use it now.”23
IV
The Moral, Reality-Oriented, Life-Celebrating Alternative to the Collectivist Utopian Community
A free society, i.e., capitalism, is based on the recognition and protection of individual rights in which all property is privately owned. It permits men to deal with one another as free, independent individuals and to live according to their own plans. It is the only social system that works because it is determined by the nature of reality. Paul L. Poirot writes, “Individuals try to look after themselves and their fami-
“Few groups in the this U.S. have matched the acts of terror committed by the FBI at Waco, Texas, and Ruby Ridge, Idaho.”
The RESISTER
lies and their friends. They seek food, shelter, companionship, and all sorts of things. That is why a person works — to satisfy those wants. And the reason why people voluntarily exchange goods and services with one another is that such trading helps to satisfy personal wants....”
“A person generally likes to specialize at the work he does best and doesn’t want to be told to do something else. But in order to live in his own way, he needs some cooperation from other people. And he bargains for that cooperation. He offers to trade some or his specialized services or some of what he produces, in exchange for what he wants from them.”
A free market is any place where people trade their products or services by voluntary consent. There are no government controls or regulations, and prices are determined by supply and demand. The value of a man’s work and services is determined by what others willingly decide to offer in exchange for what he is offering. Capitalists advocate free trade in which men are willing participants in an exchange and oppose government compulsion or unwilling exchange.
In an individualist-capitalist society, men deal with one another by rational means, including bargaining, discussion, and persuasion. The relationships among all men are voluntary, and compulsion or force is forbidden. Every individual has the right to disagree with others. He has the right to refuse to trade — to decline to buy a product, to quit a job, and so forth.
It must be emphasized that an individual “must have control of his own life before he can bargain... Not only must the person be free to work for himself, but he must also be free to keep the products of his labor and his bargaining — free to own and control what is properly his own private property.”24
Group warfare and hate-motivated violence have been spawned by collectivism and statism. It will end with the restoration of our free and independent constitutional republic and with a renewed commitment to individualism and laissez-faire capitalism. There is no such thing as group rights, such as consumers’ rights, minority rights, disabled American rights or gay rights. There are only
individual rights, the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, the right to support, fulfill, and enjoy one’s own life — the right to acquire, keep, use, and dispose of one’s own private property. No man has the right to claim special rights by virtue of belonging to some group, to empower himself, to enslave producers, to violate their rights, and to force them to provide him with a job, food, home, education, or medical care. The government has no right to infringe upon individual rights by discriminating for him at the expense of others. Government planners are using schemes, such as racial quotas, “community reinvestment” programs, and mandated health care for immigrants to empower themselves and their supporters and to disempower their opponents.
America was a nation of individualism, and early Americans vehemently rejected the funds, programs, and other forms of the welfare state. They were men and women of independent judgment and high self-esteem, and they did not seek unearned wealth, privileges, and prestige. The moral, psychological, political, and economic disintegration in this country today can be stopped by rejecting collectivism. America will once again become a country of individualism when Americans learn to value their own individuality, become self-reliant, independent individuals, pursue their own happiness, and achieve self-esteem, Every individual can look forward to enjoying the experience of living in benevolent coexistence with others when the power of the government is reined in and its actions are strictly defined and limited to protecting individual rights. In an individualist-capitalist society, groups are not granted special privileges by the government. In such a society, men are not judged by their race, gender, or genes, but by their willingness to think and work — by their personal initiative, intellectual training, and productive achievements.
NOTES:
'Rauschning, Hermann, The Voice of Destruction, New York: G.P. Putnam’s Sons, 1940, p. viii.
2Waite, Robert G. L., The Psychopathic God: Adolf Hitler, New York-Basic Books, Inc., Publishers, 1977, p. 321.
3These definitions are from The Oxford English Dictionary, Second Edition, Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1989.
4Peikoff, Leonard, The Ominous Parallels: The End of Freedom in America, New York: NAL-Dutton, 1983, p. 85. Comte, Auguste, A Gen-eral View of Positivism, Translated from the French of Auguste Comte by J*H. Bridges, M.B., Academic Reprints, Stanford, California, 1953. Reprint of the 1848 edition, pp. 394-444. Standley, Arline ReUein,Auguste Comte, Boston: Twayne Publishers,
A Division of G. K. Hall & Co., 1981, pp. 88-157. Sokoloff, Boris, The “Mad” Philosopher Auguste Comte, Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press, Publishers, 1961, pp. 13,79.
5Freeman, Michael, Atlas of Nazi Germany, New York: Macmillan Publishing Company, 1987, p. 83. Baynes, Norman H. (Ed.) The Speeches of Adolf Hitler: April 1922-August 1939, Vol. I, New York: Howard Fertie, Inc., 1969, p. 869. Brady, Robert A., The Spirit and Structure of German Fascism, New York:
The Viking Press, 1937, p. 159. Remak, Joachim (Ed.) The Nazi Years: A Documentary History, Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1969, p. 40.
6Clinton, Gov. Bill and Sen. AM Gore, Putting People First: How We I Can All Change America, New'York: Times Books, a division of Random j House, Inc., 1992, pp. 218,226,216. |
1Nazi Years, p. 40. Speeches of Adolf Hitler, p. 925. Parade Magazine, December 19,1993. Peikoff, The Ominous Parallels, p. 234,131-132.
8Hitler, Adolf, Mein Kampf trans. Ralph Manheim, Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company, 1943, pp. 408, 525,297,426,298.
’Waite, Robert G. L., The Psychopathic God: Adolf Hitler, New York: Basic Books, Inc., Publishers, 1977,
Vol. V. Nn I
p. 342. Mein Kampf, p. 434. Kauschning, The Voice of Destruction, pp. 91-93.
10	Nazi Years, p. 73. Moriarty, David M., (Ed.) A Psychological Study of Adolf Hitler, St. Louis, Alissouri: Warren H. Green, Inc., 1933, p. 138. Bullock, Alan, Hitler:A Study in Tyranny, New York: Harper & Row, Publishers, 1962, p. 379. Stein, George H., (Ed.) Hitler, Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1968, pp. 118-119. Mosse, George L., Nazi Culture: Intellectual, Cultural and Social Life in the Third Reich, trans. by Salvator Attanasio and others, New York: Grosset & Dunlap, 1966, p. xxxv. Clinton, Putting People First, p. 197. In a speech delivered by Bill Clinton at Pennsylvania State University on May 10,1996. Clinton, Putting People First, p. 213.
11	Miller, Douglas, You Can't Do Business with Hitler, Boston: Little, Brown, and Company, 1941, p. 14. Waite, The Psychopathic God, p. 304.
12	Rand, Ayn, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism, New York, The New American Library, 1961,1964, pp. 48,47.
13	Essays On Liberty, Vol. II, Irvington-on-Hudson, New York: The Foundation for Economic Education, Inc., 1954, pp. 71,67.
14	Gore, Al, Earth in the Balance: Ecology and the Human Spirit, Boston, New York, London: Houghton Mifflin Company, 1992, pp. 269, 274.
15	Hitler, Adolf, Mein Kampf trans. Ralph Manheim, Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company, 1943, pp. 231-232.
16	Essays On Liberty, Vol. II, Irvington-on-Hudson, New York: The Foundation for Economic Education, Inc., 1954, pp. 219-233.
17	Freeman, Michael, Atlas of Nazi Germany, New York: Macmillan Publishing Company, 1987, pp. 83, 88. Brady, Robert A., The Spirit and Structure of German Fascism, New York: The Viking Press, 1937, pp. 97,130,149-157,162,214.
18	Waite, Robert G. L., The Psychopathic God: Adolf Hitler, New York: Basic Books, Inc., Publishers, 1977, pp. 84,321. Stein, George H., (Ed.) Hitler, Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1968, p. 160. Brady, The Spirit and Structure of German Fascism, p. 183. Peikoff, Leonard, The Ominous Parallels: The End of Freedom in America, New York: NAL-Dutton, 1983, pp. 188, 212.
19	Shirer, William Lawrence, The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich: A History of Nazi Germany, New York: Simon and Schuster, Inc. 1959,1960, pp. 120-121. Mitchell, Otis C., (Ed.) Nazism and the Common Man: Essays in German History (1929-1939), Minneapolis, Minnesota: Burgess Publishing Company, pp. 45-57. Peukert, DetlevJ. K., Inside Nazi Germany: Conformity, Opposition, and Racism in Everyday Life, trans. Richard Deveson, New Haven and London: Yale University Press, pp. 76-77,187-197,208-220.
20	“Youth Living in Hopeless Indifference: Does the Government Know Best?” Address by Attorney General Janet Reno in Atlanta, Georgia, April 23,1998.
21	Ingraham, Jane H., “How Free Are We?” The New American, September 18,1995, p. 53.
22	Mosse, George L., Nazi Culture: Intellectual, Cultural and Social Life in the Third Reich, trans. By Salvator Attanasio and others, New York: Grosset & Dunlap, 1966, p. xx. Rauschning, Hermann, The Voice of Destruction, New Yorlc G.P. Putnams Sons, 1940, p. 191.
23	Essays On Liberty, Vol. II, Irvington-on-Hudson, New York: The Foundation for Economic Education, Inc., 1954, p. 258.
24	Rand, Ayn, Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal, New York: The New American Library, 1946,1962,1964, 1966, pp. 11-34. Essays On Liberty, VoL II, Irvington-on-Hudson, New York: The Foundation for Economic Education, Inc., 1954, pp. 123,125, 127-128.
Have You Ever Wondered About...
•	Why the Government bailed out Mexico?
•	Why you can't seem to find an American-made product in the store?
•	Why America's Middle East policy makes no sense?
•	Why the Government institutes more gun laws?
•	Who are the stockholders of the Federal Reserve?
•	Why congress approved the NAFTA agreement without one single congressman having read it?
•	Who really controls the American Government?
•	What organization completely dominates our State Department?
•	What is the relationship between the CFR, TC, Bilderbergers and Bones?
•	How the EC and NAFTA are the same thing?
Only by reading:
The Satori And The New Mandarins will you learn the answers to these and many other questions. As Ezra Pound said: “Until you know who has lent what to whom, you know nothing whatever of politics ... or history.”
ISBN #0-87319-044-4 342 pages-$14.95
List price, $14.95 at all bookstores or $16.95 postpaid from the publisher, HALLBERG PUBLISHING CORPORATION, P.O. Box 23985, Tampa, Florida 33623 For additional information call 800-633-7627 or Fax 800-253-7323.
The RESISTER
OUR MILITARY HAS SURVIVED WORSE CRISES...
But others have not
mm	by
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson
thereupon decided, as Chief of the General Staff, to sound the alarm both for Germany and for the world.” He was determined to force Hitler into a fundamental change of course.
Shortly before the invasion of Czechoslovakia, General Beck wrote (p. 329) to his Army generals, “The leaders of the Wehrmacht will incur the guilt of shedding human blood unless they are guided both by their expert knowledge and their conscience. The limit to their soldierly duty of obedience is set at that point, where their conscience and sense of responsibility forbids them to carry out their orders.”
Straining Against the Muzzle
A debate is raging over the land.
1 do not mean the debate over the impeachment in the House and trial in the Senate of the President, but one nearly as important. LCOL Paul Perrone, an active-duty army officer answers (“Our military has survived worse crisis...,” 12/6/98 Wash. Times) LCDR Bryan McGrath (“Injecting military into politics,” 11/13/98 Wash. Times), another active duty officer, on the question of the right of individual military members to express, publicly, a critical opinion of their commander in chief.
McGrath claims that other active duty officers have erred in expressing their views in public that the President should be impeached. For example, Marine MAJ Daniel J. Rabil (Wash. Times 11/9/98, “Please, impeach my commander in chief”) and Marine MAJ Shane Sellers (Navy Times 10/19/98, “Time to send Clinton to the showers”). He believes that these active duty military offic-l era have “...crossed the line into an area of dangerous conduct,” claiming that the result could be “...anarchy.
Perrone correctly places McGraths criticism in the proper place. “Chances of a military coup in the U.S. are infinitesimal, but in some quarters fears of such seem to run rampant.”
Both of these contestants, as well as the American public, should refresh themselves on recent history.
Much could be learned about the conduct of a principled military in the face of a rising tide of socialism in Germany. LetTs go back to the late 1930s.
Before Adolph Hitler began World War II by taking over Austria and invading — Czechoslovakia, the German General Staff — headed by General Ludwig Beck — was adamantly opposed (History of The German General Staff 1657-1945, Walter
In a secret meeting of the General Staff, Beck wrote that “In order to safeguard our position before history and to keep the repute of die Supreme Command of the Army unstained, I hereby place on record that I have refused to approve any warlike adventures of the National Socialists.” A coup d’etat was in its formative stage.
When Hitler learned of this situ-_^^ ation, he gathered the Chiefs of Staff of the various Army groups and Corps to a meeting where he
President William Jefferson Clinton is obviously not a Hitler. drove a wed£e be“
J.	tween the older	and
He IS, however, a younger generation
committed modem Staff 0{flce?'
.	#	.	Hitler	knew	that	the
Goerlitz, Praeger, liberal with "social JUS- General Staff could
1953) to waging a tice,” the rallying cry not make its view, world war. They be-	t	,
lieved that there OI those who would
could be “...only one Jea(J u§ to socialism, as conclusion, since a	#	•	i« v u
multi-front war in-	his guiding light,
evitably spelled the end of Germany.”
General Beck was not a National Socialist (Nazi). But like all the generals, he had to accept the fact of Hitler’s enormous popularity. Hitler still had the “...love and confidence of the great mass of [German] people.” General Beck, after expounding his views to Hitler, and being rebuffed by the lecture that “...the Army was the instrument ofthe statesman, and that its duty was to find a way of carrying out...” Hitler’s tasks, “not to discuss them,” made a momentous personal decision. He declared that ...he would take no responsibility for orders which he did not approve and
known to the public.
It was he “...who had the obedience of the masses... When he I spoke to those masses I he could still leave them in akind of daze of blind obedience...” General Beck
resigned.
His replacement, Lieutenant-General Franz Haider, was a “...Christian and a descendant of an old officers’ family, for whom the military oath had for generations been almost a sacrament.” He continued General Beck’s opposition to Hitler’s grand design and devised secret plans for a coup d’etat.
Events which culminated in the nearly bloodless defeat of Czechoslo-vakia completely overtook these plans. “The masses had cheered Hitler raptuously when he brought
Vol. V, No. 1
The RESISTER
them peace and bread.” Hitler was Germany’s destiny both for good and evil.
President William Jefferson Clinton is obviously not a Hitler. He is, however, a committed modern liberal with wsocial justice,” the rallying cry of those who would lead us to socialism, as his guiding light. He is also trampling on the Anglo-American “rule of law” by virtue of his possible escape from impeachment because of his “favorable job performance rating” due to a healthy economy (“peace and bread”). As Balint Vazsonyi (America's 30 Years War: Who is Winning?) informs us, this direction is steadily and ultimately toward a totalitarianism, the likes of which we have only recently defeated in a Cold War. In my book. The New Totalitarian, I have attempted to place this recent push toward totalitarianism in the context of the power elite of the Boomer generation.
Today, unfortunately, it is the LCDR McGraths in our military whom we must fear, not those whom he criticizes. Why? Because our military has already been politicized — from the top down. The Clinton administration has conducted a “political purge” of all who hold the traditional view of honor. What remains is a cadre of flag rank leadership which acts on its career interests, notprinciple.
This “leadership” example spills over to a younger cadre of officers who see the benefit of plotting a career path based on “political” favor rather than on principled actions based on traditional values. In fact, the military promotion system has been invaded by politicians who now screen promotions all the way. down to 0-4 (LT to LCDR) and who have injected the use of “unsubstantiated allegations” as evidence of unfitness for promotion — all contrary to past practice and constitutional authority.	HM§p£jlS
Young officers who still believe that honor is the key to military service are leaving the sendees in droves. They sense that the fish is rotting from the head. Honor (\Albioris Seedy David Hackett Fischer, pp. 82.) as virtue (an honorable person never lies, cheats, steals, or betrays his family or friends—he is not disloyal, cowardly, or mean-spirited) and honor as valor
(primal honor, physical courage, tenacity of will) is fast disappearing from military service. This concept of honor disappeared decades ago in civilian life as the Boomer elites carried their counter-culture revolution to their middle-age years. Young officers, the military leaders of the future, whom we want to remain in the service, are voting with their feet on their superior officers’ leadership. Those whom we will I be sorry to see stay are holding their noses, staying, and hoping for a future turn of events. It will not happen. Their careers will mean more to them than principle when they reach the point where they have youngsters in college and financial burdens overpower their civilian prospects for a comparable “new” civilian career.
Principled young officers have seen uniformed military personnel carry out blatant political acts in recent times. During the aftermath of the Tailhook’91 “scandal,” various female naval officers (Linda Bird Francke, Ground Zero: Gender Wars in the Military, pp. 239) walked the halls of Congress — in uniform — to lobby for opening combat flying billets to women. LT Paula Coughlin, LT Kara Hukgreen, CD R Rosemary Mariner and forty or so others participated in this activity. It was entirely against military regulations. These were starkly political acts, and a male officer would be purged today ifhe publicly lobbied for the exclusion of women in combat roles. Even mothers of female aviators lobbied Congress for the repeal of the combat exclusion laws. LT Coughlin’s mother and LT Hultgreen’s mother were active in the halls of Congress, backing up their daughters’ uniformed lobbying. Where were the LCDR McGraths during this period of “politicizing” our military? Where was the flag-rank Navy leadership during this disgraceful episode? Is one “special interest” more legitimate than another? The answer is a resounding YES!, if the interest is the 'socialization’ of our military in the
long-term best ’political’ interest of the Boomer power elite.
The Military’s Unrest
What we are seeing today is the courage of principled young officers who are reacting to the vacuum of flag-rank leadership in their services. They know instinctively that something is, indeed, rotten in Denmark. They know from what they see inside their service and from what is occurring on the national scene that the corrupting influence of the power elites of the Boomer generation, if allowed to spread across the entire spectrum of American civilization, will lead to the collapse of America as we know it. They know they will be “purged” for speaking out. But they also sense that they must speak out. Why? Because their senior leaders will not. And their consciences will not let them remain silent!
It is, indeed, a healthy state of affairs that our civilian power elites “fear,” in a dim comer of their minds, the prospect of a “military out of control.” Why? Because of the fact that a military, guided by its pledge to protect and defend the constitution, is likely to be the last great hope against the steady drift of American politics toward the Franco-German goal of Marxist “social justice.” The military is the only American institution which had not been corrupted during the interim period after the counter-culture revolution of the 1960s — that is, until now. It is being corrupted in the 1990s by design.
Paul Craig Roberts (“Cultural demolition in the military,” 11/20/ 98, Wash. Times) informs us that, “Hillary Clinton has [done great harm] by putting her feminist allies and rank political opportunists in charge of our country’s military... they have succeeded in their assault on the last bastion of heterosexual males... The destruction of our mili-
Young officers who still believe that honor is the key to military service are leaving the services in droves. They sense that the fish is rotting from the head.
tary culture it intentional/
A traditional military, populated by the citizen-soldier who has a strong grounding in the constitution and the rule oflaw, will not allow “national socialism” to become the dominant strain in American politics. These patriotic young Americans, descended from fathers who fought and won two costly and bloody wars, WWII and the Cold War, to save the nation and the world from domination by evil, armed socialist movements, will not allow the power elites of the Boomer generation to quietly, stealthily construct a “cultural Marxist” society to replace our Anglo-American culture based on the rule oflaw. That is, unless the power elites are successful in purging the armed forces of officers who believe in the Anglo-American rule oflaw.
Eliot Cohen (“The Civil-Military Balance,” Foreign Policy Institute task force on “The Demilitarization of the Military,” pp. 33) tells us that, “...some 25 percent of new entrants into the military now come from military families.” He informs us that during the Cold War, the service academiesproduced only 10 percent of new officers whereas today they produce roughly one-quarter. This narrow segment” of recruitment is the means by which a generation-to-generation transfer of military cultural values takes place. This is the strongest link to the tradition of good old-fashioned honor as the ethos handed down by our forbears — our link to “Albion’s seed” and the unique idea of the rule oflaw.
Radical feminists and other cultural Marxists of the Boomer power elite have invoked measures which amount to a purge of young naval officers who hold to the old-fashioned idea of honor. The “red flagging” of officers’ promotion recordsfor simply having attended Tailhook '91 denies their promotion. The civilian power elite have their fingers so deeply into the military promotion process that they control it to the lowest levels. Thought control is invoked via “sensitivity training” sessions wherein the officers’ attitudes are screened for “correctness.” Socialist totalitarian “behavior control” techniques have been invoked to assure that the traditional concept of honor is driven from the system — by
purging those who would resist the power elite’s cultural Marxist indoctrination.
For this reason, huge numbers of patriotic young Americans are leaving the services.
They are voting with their feet on the “socializing” of our military. Indeed, it is not your father’s military.
The ones who stay, presumably those who show the appropriate attitudes, are a core of people on whom the cultural Marxists can count to protect themselves and their socialist revolution. This new military will carry out the orders of their masters, legal or illegal, constitutional or unconstitu-1 tional, against all enemies that the power elite identifies.
Murmurs of Dissent
expression of one’s individual politick views, in private or in public, is not denied the right of a free man simply because he wears a uniform. This free expression may be most important for the preservation of our Anglo-American system against pressures to take the path of “social justice” — a path that history tells us has always led to tyranny and chaos. Indeed, this free expression must be encouraged.
Sam Sarkesian explains (“The U.S. Military Must Find Its Voice,” Orbis: A Journal of World Affairs, Foreign Policy Institute, pp.423, Summer 1998) why our military must practice “...constructive political engagement.” He argues that “...it is because the U.S. military is under such tight civilian control that it needs to make its voice heard in civilian coun-
Radical feminists and other cultural Marxists of the Boomer power elite have invoked measures which amount to a purge of young naval officers who hold to the old-fashioned idea of honor.
We have seen how easy this is to do in the domestic sphere when our President and his allies first publicly demonize and then destroy those who would oppose them politically or legally. This will be even easier to accomplish in a compliant new military culture which traditionally “follows orders” without a conscience. What makes us confident that, on a larger scale, any or all of us may become targets of the self-righteous wrath of today’s civilian Boomer power elites? After all, as in their foreign policy mantra, “it is the right thing to do.” Of course they, and they alone, decide what is “right.”
Patriotic young Americans in uniform are resisting this coercion by the power elite. Majors Sellers and Rabil and LCOL Perrone are examples of this healthy resistance. As lone as they openly and publicly declare their personal opinions and do not engage in attempts to rally others to a political agenda, we should speak up for their right as citizens to enjoy the same first amendment rights as we enjoy. Individuals speaking out for the rule oflaw can never do harm. A free
cils.” He points out a time during the Vietnam War when the “five silent men,” the Joint Chiefs of Staff, did not give voice to their professional doubts [about the conduct and winnability of the war], but concealed themselves under a cloak of political deception [of the American people]. He quotes from H.R. McMaster’s book, Dereliction of Duty, that “...Lyndon Johnson, with the assistance of Robert S. McNamara and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, had set the stage for America s disaster in Vietnam.”
Commenting on the cover-ups during the Vietnam War, one mem-, ber of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, ADM| David L. McDonald, remarked (TlT Reminiscences of Admiral Davjj Lamar McDonald, USN (Ret.), Uf Naval Institute, 1976, pp. 390,391 “Maybe we should have stood pounded the table... I was part o£l and I'm sort of ashamed ofmysdf^t^B At times I wonder, ‘Why did we gfl along with this kind of stuff?”*
The admiral’s lament should not be lost on today’s greatly politicize military leadership. Their silence in the face of the ‘socialization* of our armcd forces is appalling. The only
72
Vol. V. No. 1
The RESISTER
voices that are heard in public are those of mid-level officers, such as MAJ Sellers, MAJ Rabil, LCOL Perrone and a few others. In this vacuum of senior leadership, the real leaders, those officers who still live by the code of honor of their ancestors, are showing their metal. They are speaking out. They are telling America what it is losing. They are reminding all Americans that character; honor, integrity, and ethics based on a Christian moral code is more important than any other aspect of our American civilization. Without personal character, the rule of law and our constitutional republic cannot survive.
NOTES:
The Silent .45
Patriot Books, Videos & Magazines
at SUPER DISCOUNT PRICES!
Back issues of The Resister - Discounted! Waco: Rules of Engagement - Discounted! Unintended Consequences - Discounted! Unintended Consequences Poster - 30% Off! 19 Patriot videos - Discounted! (Not pirate copies)
1	Interjection: I seldom jump into an author’s work, but in this case something needs to be said that Dr. Atkinson is too polite to say. (That’s one of the advantages of being an NCO; nobody expects you to be polite, just truthful.) The reason ADM McDonald, among others past and present, did not and do not “pound the table” is because they are afraid of losing their retirement checks. It’s that simple. Call it the cowardice of “security.”
2	I risked over twenty years of honorable service to start The Resister and foment anti-Socialist political unrest in the Army because where my beloved Army is headed is morally, ethically, and constitutionally wrong. Yes, I did retire. But the difference between me and those so-called officers is that I knowingly risked it all — because I was right.
3	One sergeant major who knew (but
couldn’t prove) I was publishing The Resister while I was on active duty, told me he’d do everything in his power to force me out of the Army before my retirement date. I answered, “So? I’ll be a principled man temporarily digging ditches; you’ll always be a coward with a retirement check.” [SMB]_________________________
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson, CDR USN (Ret.) is the author of two recent books, The New Totalitarian!: Bosnia as a Mirror of Amenta’s Future, and From Trust to Terror: Radical Feminism is Destroying the U.S.Navy, which are summarized on his Internet Web Site at www.newtotalitarians.com. His e-raail address is
atkinson&newtotali tarians.com.
Credit Card orders accepted - (707) 523-1434 Monday-Friday 10AM-2PM
Check out our Website: http://www.silent45.com
Request your free catalog from: The Silent .45 I	P.O.	Box	4588,	Santa	Rosa,	CA	95402
Idaho Ob,
server
Demanding Accountability
The editors, writers, supporters and contributors who make The Idaho Observer possible are all deeply concerned for the future of our country. America is in trouble because the people of tins nation trusted their elected officials to protect their interests and then took a nap while those same officials abused that trust. Unless we as a free people wake up and take responsibility for preserving our Constitutional rights we will inevitably lose them.
Unlike the dominant media, which chooses to report the news through special interest filters to guarantee our progressive and collective slide into socialistic slavery, The Idaho Observer reports news with the understanding that a truly free press is the only thing which stands between Americans and tyranny.
For a copy of The Idaho Observer, call (208)777-7888, or write: PO Box 1806. Post Falls, ID 83877 ($1 for postage appreciated but not required)
Email: obaervarQdml.net httpJtwww.prollbarty.com/obMmrvar
RESISTER
RADIO
Plemsc visit my Freedom Bookstore at the website listed above my logo. I offer books and publications that will educate you, and whom ever you wish to share this knowledge with, on the issues of Taxes, Law, Liberty, Rights and the relationship between Free Individuals and government. Too many Americans are ignorant of what was given us by our Founders. To assert one’s Rights, one must know and understand what they are. Government has become the master and “We The People” slaves! Enjoy the books! PLease visit our Computer Store at the website luted at the bottom of this Ad; for ALL your software/hardware needs. Secure on-line ordering with fast delivery to your bome/office and all at excellent prices. Download software for a FREE trial before you buy...our most popular area!
*?oo°ioo A&R Publishing On-Line
Compufer Superstore	^—1
* *HI»t	www.ar-publishincj.com
Computer Store at: http://www.ar-publishing.com
The Debate is 0\
The RESISTEK
American Renaissance
Who has made race a problem, and why? What are the real consequences of demands for “tolerance,” “diversity” and “indusiveness”?
American Renaissance is where some of America’s most thoughtful writers publish what they really think about:
•	Research on radal differences
•	The impact of immigration | The demographic future
•	Why “multi-culturalism” is a fraud
•	Race and crime
For a free sample issue, call or write: American Renaissance
PO Box 527 Oakton, VA 22124 (703)716-0900
THE BEST LITTLE WAR HOUSE IN
KENNESAW
SURPLUS

Sporadic
List
Of
Goodies
$2
Federal
South Main Street Kennesaw Georgia 30144
(404) 422-17*5 0
Unidentified Confederate Lt- Gen. Dent Mycn CSA.
Vol. V, No. 1
U nreconstructed Unrepentant
WRAI, 1230 AM 346 Wagoner Drive Fayetteville, NC. 28303 (910-487-FORT)
Sunday, 1030-1100
KTLD, 1110 AM 34-DMacArthur Roai Alexandria, LA 71303 (318-473-4388)
Thursday, 0930-1000
Bookstore: http://www.ar-publishing.com/aeh-publishing
Tie legal effect of these constitutional recognitions of the rights of individuals to defend their property, liberties, and lives, against the government, is to legalize resistance to all injustices and oppression,. of every name and nature whatsoever, on the part of government.
Lysander Spooner, 1852
The military value of a partisans work is not measured in the amount of property destroyed, or the number of men killed or captured, but by the number be keeps watching. John S. Mosby
DEFENSE OF k HOUSES
by
Colonel G.A. Wade, M.C.
The Resister is reproducing a series of pamphlets from our tactics library that were written for the Home Guard during World War II. This first entry, Defense of Houses, will be followed by similar others in this year’s edition. Pay close attention to the lessons imparted by this series of pamphlet reprints. The men who wrote them did this for a living and they didn’t get their information from the Mail Order Militia, video tapes, the anarchnet, or short wave. It’s time for those who never rose beyond Specialist 4th Class to stop pretending to be militia generals and start paying attention to what they’ll need to know to be good privates led by professionals who are singularly unimpressed by you and your "movement/ So, take your unearned stars on your unissued uniform collar. It’s time to get "serious.” And that means, sit down, shut up, and pay attention.
This is a very important subject and one which well repays a little earnest study. When the enemy invades us the most stubborn fighting will be in the built-up areas where their tanks will not be able to help them much, and if in these places the houses have been scientifically prepared for defense it may make all the difference to the result, and in any case will have considerable influence upon the casualties suffered by the defending forces.
Houses are found in infinite variety. Some are very suited for defense, others are absolute death traps.
Frequently, the tactical situation will demand that a certain house, or houses, will have to held regardless of suitability. In this case we have to improve them as much as possible with the means at our disposal.
Sometimes, however, we may be able to choose which house or houses we intend to defend, and when we have a choice the following are the
chief considerations which should influence us in making our decision.
The Tactical Situation
when assessing the strength of a building remember that close range machine-gun fire is very penetrative, as a number of bullets will hit exactly the same brick.
Each successive bullet starts penetrating where the previous left off and a long burst will consequently eat its way through quite a lot of masonry. The house maybe subjected to aerial bombing, trench-mortaring, or artillery fire, consequently the stronger it is the better.
Usually, the newer the house the less robust it is; in fact, most of the modern houses surrounding our towns seem to have been erected by the Fifth Column specialty to act as traps for the defenders.
From this standpoint, the expression "Jerry builder” has acquired a new and sinister significance!
(2) Has it a Cellar?
A cellar is very desirable. It can be made safe and is where stores, ammunition, water, candles, etc., can be stored and where wounded may be kept pending evacuation.
Is the house where, if held, it will best assist the general defense scheme? Possibly _______
the intention is to defend a road block or an important road junction, and in this case a house must be chosen which
Houses are found in infinite variety. Some are very suited for de-
placed so that ad- fense, others are abso-
equate fire can be lute death traps, brought to bear upon	r
the tactical point.
It may be that several houses are equally good from this standpoint, so the one should be chosen which is best in the following respects: —
(1) Is it Strong?
Houses vary tremendously, and
(3) Are its Surroundings Suitable? The house will be a difficult propo-
____________ sition	to defend if
there are covered approaches to it on several sides and no reasonable field of fire.
By "reasonable field of fire” I do not mean several hundred yards. In some circumstances 50 or 100 yards will be as good as you can hope for.
If the building to be defended harmonizes with its surroundings and is not conspicuous, so much the better.
Another factor in the surroundings is the means of approach, and
The RESISTER
departure. Where it is possible to move into and out of the house under cover from enemy observation this might be an enormous advantage to the defense.
You must also carefully study the surroundings to see if there is any dominating point such as a neighboring high building or hill from which the enemy could bring dose-range fire to bean
A garden in which trenches could be dug for protection against bombing is always an asset.
Frequently a splendid place to select a house is in a RO w! Do not select end houses if you can help it, as they are so liable to be punished by the enemy’s mortars and machine-guns. If only one or two houses in a row are occupied the enemy has to find out which they are and that will cost him in casualties. A house which is set back from the other buildings in the row frequently offers advantages for the defense (Plate 1).
(4) Is it where it can be Supported?
There may be other defended houses in the locality an mutual protection might be arranged from one house, but not from another. This is a most important point (Plate 2).
Three or four defended houses sited so as to be mutually supporting are worth a dozen houses defended independently.
(5) Is it Capable of All-round Defense?
When you have decided which house or houses you will hold you should first of all consider them from the enemy’s point of view and imagine from which direction he will attack and what tactics he will use. This will influence you in deciding where you will arrange your loopholes, you wire, your booby traps, your alarms, and your general welcome for the strangers.
Remember above all things that the house must be capable of being defended from EVERY DIREC- j TION AT ALL TIMES.
If it is in the center of a row, loopholes should be put through the walls into the houses on either side.
Well, having duly considered all these points and decided on which house you win defend and from which direction attack wifi most probably
A GOOD POSITION
UdaOf a house which is setback from the general building fine ii a good one to defend. An encay coming sWthe street cunoi fire at the defenders and is caught in sudden concentrated fire as shown. Incidental^ the feet that the building is setback enable* it to enfilade the rear of the other buildings in the street—a very useful point
mKrr	■	1	mutual	SUPPORT
j	. **	ngsaresosite aj to be a source of strength to one another. The arrow* indicate how each home, itoatfy held,
Cn^ ./	COVCrC aPProache8 to the other two. In such circumstance* the three home* TOGETHER represent much
more opposition to the cnemys advance than three independent houses.
come, we now have to begin improving it by all kinds of engineering work. First of all, let us arrange:
The Loopholes
There should be an ample number ofloopholes so that when a man has fired from one, and thereby possibly given away his position, he can move to another one before the enemy takes retaliatory action. The most effective loopholes are usually those nearest to the ground. A loophole in the corner of the building is strong and useful (Plate 3).
Try to get loopholes in unexpected places (Plate 4), such as under the overhanging eaves, just below windows, at ground level and do on (Plate 5). See mat it is possible for a rifleman to get his muzzle well back from the loophole (Plate 6). Many a good
man has gone west because an enemy sniper using glasses or telescopic sights has picked up the dull glint of his protruaing muzzle.
Incidentally, if you ever capture a house from the enemy NEVER USE THE ENEMY’S LOOPHOLES; if you do, you will be asking for it.
Loopholes, particularly those which are low down, should be fixed up with a wire-netting cover to stop grenades (Plate 7). Take every care to ensure that no light of any kind shows through the loophole to an observer outside, otherwise a man will have his head silhouetted when he mans the loophole and he will not live long (Plate 8).
All around the loophole should be made absolutely bullet-proof with sandbags or steel plate, and in each one should be placed a half-filled sandbag for the rifleman to rest his wesroon on.
An excellent ruse is to have a few
The RESISTER
PLA N
_______. . ,A 9ORNER LOOPHOLE	L
,e<lucntv *'comer o a building affords an unusually good field of fire. In the iDustration the . 15	°	£OU4*	it would be camouflaged in some way, such as two bushes in firon
?*cc lo rc un or	them; or a large piece of ivy can be transplanted fromr
,cighbounng bouse to efimb over it. Note the rifleman is wefl protected by sandbags.
II	
Til	
	
V?	
	
\	
b>
g m

' \
LOOPHOLE
A WELL PLACED LOOPHOLE
On the left you will see the loophole cunningly concealed by the flowers in the border. On the right is a section of the house showing the dining-room and the cellar below. The floor has been cut away to enable the rifleman to pop up from the cellar and fire. You will observe that the man is practically below ground when firing, but even the small part of him which is exposed has been
_£rotectcd^ririij|Ot^	Attention	to	detail	like	this	will	cut	down	thc^asualtyjist:__
Plate 7
GUARD AGAINST HAND GRENADES
There b always wire netting available near houses and some of this should be firmly nailed round loopholes, particularly low ones. If the loophole is actually at ground level a trench for the grenade to explode in after it has rolled off the netting should be arranged as shown to the right. Unless you do this, fragments of the grenade may enter the loophole.
Plate 9



T
JL.
4 1!	I JJMr1		laj!
	ip	r _i i
		
	l+J/U?'	w,	1
m f r §£#
TO CAMOUFLAGE A LOOPHOLE
Knockout the loophole, irregular in shape. Nail open canvas, game of perforated line over it as shown.Trim so that the edge camouflage materia) comeson the joints between bricks and then print to match the bricks and mortar. You will be astonished how transparent this is from uuidr and how difficult to detect from outside. If you have great difficulty in matching the walls exactly try painting the wall to match
Plate 4
gjKa |
•*4
tc:e^KJ
LOOPHOLES IN UNEXPECTED PLACES
A— Loophole behind creeper.
B— A few tiles have been lifted on roof. In this case the same thing should be done in severa places or dark patches should be painted on roof as dummy loopholes.
C— Loopholes under shadow of porch, over the door.
D— Loophole at ground level behind bush.
E— You will see this under the eaves. Dummies should be painted aO along under the gutter Here is an illustration of the axiom, "If you cannot entirely conceal it, make dummies like it.”
Plate 6
WROr.*:
£ VTT
:r22L
n
RIGHT
P
MAKE YOURSELF COMFORTABLE
The top man is too idle to move the box, so he has to push his muzzle right out into the enemy s view. AD we can do with that type of man is to hope hisend will be painless.Thc lower man is well back from the loophole, has arranged sandbags to rest his rifle on and protect him from the front. Not only that; as he is upstairs he has taken precautions against upward fire from below.
Plate 8
A FATAL ERROR
A simple sketch, but a tragic one. It shows how hundreds of good men have brought about their own deaths. It may be light from another loophole, it may be from the door, or a candle, or EVEN A CIGARETTE! The enemy sniper, waiting patiently, sees the head silhouetted in the loophole, aligns his sight and squeezes the trigger. A blanket hungMfWthc look-out s head would have prevented this tragedy.
Plate 10~;
; Wm
I <2 i III
LOOPHOLE THE INSIDE WALLS
In the above case a loophole has been knocked through the wall between two rooms, and the table has been placed to hide it The wall is shown cut away in the drawing so that you can sec the man who has just bagged “right and left* with buck-shot from a 12-bore. Incidentally, if the invader on the left could sec the expression on the hidden defender's fact as he reloads he would not
stand with his hands up. He would be through the door like a rabbit!
eluding hit get-away.

Plate 11
■m
m



A CEILING LOOPHOLE
A kals IhiWm mnU ia tbs ccilng nd bottcf-nwlin has been stretched tightly over it The *« Am	^S^fWjrAiog	in	the room belowjbtitthe loophole isnotobvious.The
or e men they hsvt seen sod the oneon the right is just shouting 11 Wufcs p%-d*f 11 Am wvdrabe.’ A* | happen*, the pig-dog •• oHf weiring fcr the third min **o» TV* hswilfiiv three point-blank shot*. Having done thithe know* exactly ■yh*ih.ii.nmlwi|Ai mrhlefttnThrnnfthr-r- stc^downstairs to die cellar and pop linHw* li.wh*nh«ha*pwpartdanother «urpri»c.

^hii^cjoii^work^bu^/jjou^eaiitte^inocl^heiiJielnKt^ff^'w
THE BAYONET LOOPHOLE
Unfid B defines of passages and entries. The bonom of the loophole should be about three fc*t I i*dw* from the ground. The dotted soldier ha* just struck through the wall and hit the in the kidneys. He wil probably drop without a sound. The Bayonet man then gets ready isr H ana invader, who is mifcely so have seen exactly how Fritz has been killed and consequently | ssilsdvsnct past tht loophole with hit tyt» glued to the front.
dummies with strings attached which can be made to move so as to be JUST FAINTLY VISIBLE in the loophole. And this reminds me to warn jo| about something — every loophole is a source of danger to those in the house because at any moment a bullet may come flying through it into the room. You should therefore be sure that sandbags filled with shingle1 are arranged behind each loophole to prevent mis.
Take precautions to prevent smoke by day and light by night from issuing from the loopholes. This is a point easily overlooked and it may tell the enemy everything he wants to know.
AO loopholes should be so arranged that a grenade can be thrown I OUT through them; if necessary a I flap should be left in any wire netting put over them.
With a crowbar and sledge-hammer it is possible to loophole a 14-inch wall in three minutes, so do not I be mean with them. It it good to have I plenty, provided, of course, that they | are not obvious to the enem
nished one you may be able to fix one or two mirrors at loopholes so that a man can sit in safety and watch what is happening outside. When you do this, be sure it is dark inside the room and that the mirrors cannot move so as to reflect the light from outside.
Loopholes can be camouflaged in lots of ways, one of the best being to cover the loophole with perforated zinc of the kind used to keep flies out of meat stores, or with gauze or wide-mesh canvas, and get somebody with artistic ability to paint it like the surrounding bricks and mortar. Perfectly astounding results can be obtained in this way, it being impossible to detect the loophole at twenty yards'distance and yet from inside the room (which MUST be kept dark) a perfectly clear view of the enemy can be obtained (Plate 9).
Where it is difficult to hide the
7
If the house happens to be a fur-
loopholes, a checker pattern painted all over, like the old-fashioned forts, will help considerably.
So far we have talked only about loopholes through the outside walls of buildings, but a few loopholes actually inside the house to enable fire
to be brought to bear from one room into another will help tremendously should the Germans succeed in forcing an entry (Plate 10). Loopholes through floors also have their uses, J either for firing down into the room below (Plate 11) or up into the room above (Plate 12).
A bayonet loophole at the side of a passage may be invaluable. If an enemy comes along the passage he can be disposed of without a sound. The bayonet loophole should be small and about 3 ft. 6 in. from the ground to enable the enemy to be struck m the kidneys just after he has passed (Plate
r 13)*	t	.	J
Sometimes there are gratings in
pavements and passages which can be
used a loopholes for upward shots
(Plate 14).
Incidentally, never, if you can help it, fire over the top of a wall whe your head will be very obvious. A loo\ hole low down is much safer.
A terrible obstacle in house-to-house fighting is a loopholed traverse' (Plate 15). If it is well sited and strongly made, it is exceedingly difficult to pass when a determined man
te 13
Vol. V, No. 1
Plate 15
PLAN
m
THE LOOPHOLED TRAVERSE Here is a passage guarded by men behind a loopholed traverse. On the right is a plan. Two men can fire along the corridor and they are difficult to rush, particularly if the passage is filled with dannert wire. To disguise the actual loopholes dummy openings have been painted or made in various parts of the traverse.

9-°--


C/>o7'
Sjv
ADVANTAGE OF A DEEP LOOPHOLE This loophole has been sited to cover one particular spot. Should an enemy sniper get on the roof opposite he is too high up to shoot straight into the loophole, and if he goes to ground level he is too low. Sandbags should be arranged as shown to catch bullets, otherwise the may 1 ricochet into the face of the lookout.
is behind it.
If you are siting a loophole where the enemy may occupy some place either above or below and fire into it from close to, be sure to site the firing position well back (Plate 16).
Should there be one side of the house where your defenses are weak and you are anxious that the enemy should not choose it for his attack, make a few moderately obviously loopholes there. The sight of these may induce him to attack one of the other sides, which will suit you a lot better.
That covers loopholes. As a matter of fact, they are very interesting things, and 1 have just mentioned twenty-six points in connection with them. When you come to study them you will discover twenty-six more.
Shoring Up
Next let us consider strength ening the cellar or a down stairs room, remembering always that if you are going to put considerable weight on to a floor by sandbagging, etc., you must support it adequately underneath. Otherwise you will have a situation which gives no threat to trouble until the building is shaken by a nearby bomb and then down comes the ceiling with its load of sandbags, etc., and somebody is buried underneath.
Before shoring up make certain that the floor upon which the supports will stand is itself enough to take the strain, and will not allow the timber to sink in should a heavy load be placed upon it by the sudden collapse of the house.
If there is in the unit a man from the building trade he will soon supervise the shoring up of a floor, but not it is quite easy for unskilled men to make a thoroughly effective job if they see that the uprights are perfectly vertical and each one is wedged up to take its fair share of the work (Plate
17).
For shoring purposes it may be necessary to raid a blitzed house.The timber used should be the stoutest available.
Do not forget that every cellar should have two exits, an extra one being easily made. Should there be any ground-floor windows which are weaknesses in the defense either from
the enemy fire standpoint or liable to admit attackers, they should be blocked up entirely.
A good way to do this is to use double boarding or two sheets of corrugated iron with shingle (usually taken from the drive) in between. Shingle is first rate for stopping bullets, only a foot or two being required.
Having settled the downstairs windows turn your consideration to:
The Roof
Can the enemy get on to the roof and attack dowmwards from there? Beware of this, because it is a most disconcerting thing to happen, as he will drop grenades down the chimney, snipe all around, and be most difficult to dislodge. If it is a flat roof it may be a grand place to put a couple of snipers; they may prevent the enemy from giving adequate covering fire and be able
to exact a terrible toll during any attack on the house.
Some sandbags, grenades and Molotovs may be required on the roof, so do not overlook them.
Whilst considering the roof, see if visual communication can be established by flag or lamp with other parts of the town's defenses, and if you can arrange a signal cord or speaking tube (hosepipe will do) to give alarm in house below by all means do.
Entrances
The various entrances to the house should be barricaded or, better still, protected by loophole traverses, ana if there are any narrow entires or passages they can be converted into traps by means of barbed wire and loopholes through which to fire or drop bombs.
Intercommunication between rooms, or houses if several are to be
The RESISTER
defended, should receive careful consideration.
Between houses joining up the cellars is usually the best way; particularly ifit kills two birds with one stone by giving another exit.
It is very wise to have passages from room to room upstairs and down, and these may be concealed by wardrobes, cupboards, etc.
Sometimes good communication between two houses can be arranged right under the enemy’s nose by judicious use of screens. He soon tires of firing promiscuously at the carpet or whatever it is you put up, and he cannot waste his ammunition because his future supplies are so problematic.
If you intend to have men upstairs do not forget to arrange bullet-proof cover against fire from downstairs.
Be sure to make adequate sanitary arrangements. Remember that high explosive is the world’s finest laxative.
Should you have time, it will be worth your while to gas-proof a room, preferably oneyou have strengthened.l Now vet us attend to:
Plate
I g

H


Outside the House
Can we clear the field of fire? This requires doing with the greatest discrimination and, done cunningly, may be the decisive factor in the defense. Do not attempt to clear all around the house till it looks like a battleship cleared for action, but aim to make any cover there! is a DEATH-TRAP TO THE ENEMY. I have mentioned using loopholes to induce them to attack some other side: dummy cover can be used even more effectively to persuade him to attack just where you want him to.
Usually round a house are variousl out-houses and garages which mask the defender's fire and give the enemy a covered approach. These should not be removed but should be so thinned out and opened up that the walk are not bullet-proof. During an attack in all probability thel enemy will bunch up behind them.! Then a burst of fire can be sent through\ the building and they will troubleyou no more. When preparing sheds, buildings, etc., in this way be sureyou make the vulnerable area LOW DOWN; if you make it too high you I •wer let one or two Huns still dung to
life by lying down, whereas if you can shoot them through the legs the rest of them will drop into the vulnerable area.
It may be possible to coax the attacking enemy to take cover behind what looks like a large pile of debris but which is really canvas (or carpets)! packed underneath with a few bricks and a little timber thrown on for effect. The pile looks as ifit would stop an A/T bullet,2 but actually a tommy-gun 3 can shoot straight through it.
Barbed wire can be of great help, particularly during darkness or in smoke or fog. It should not be placed where it can be seen by the enemy from either the ground or the air. Coiled in entries, alleys, passageways, etc., it can be a great obstacle to die enemy.
All wire should have tins, etc., hung on it to give the alarm if anyone shakes it, and it MUST BE COVERED BY FIRE.
The later requirement is met if grenades can be exploded in the wire. You realize, of course, that if the wire is not covered in some way the enemy may remove it and attack you unexpectedly.
Whilst considering the outside of the house, see if there is any place from which the enemy could dominate the buildings you are going to hold. If there is, you will have to do something about it — either occupy the place yourself or put men where they can by accurate rifle fire prevent the enemy from occupying the threatening point.
For instance, you may find that the enemy could, if they occupied the roof of the house across the road, make it
SHORING UP A CEILING
A— Sandbags B— Floor C— Joists D— Ceiling
E— Top plate (stout planks)
F— Uprights G— Braces
H— Sole plate (in case floor is weak)
K— Wedges (teo under each upright)
The wedges are used to adjust the uprights so that each one takes its share of the weight. If the bottom braces get in the way leave them out. Shoring is done when a considerable weight is to be put oo to the floor above or to give safety in case house collapses through bombing.
very hot for you, but if you put men on the roof of your house no one could live on the roof across the road.
After settling this, have a look around for DEAD GROUND and if you find some within hitting distance see what can be done by way of making fresh rifle positions, etc., to bring it under fire.
Failing this, you will have to consider a detached post to look after it or putting wire or other obstacles to prevent the enemy from using it.
The next outside matter to attend to is to decide which is the best approach for your own men by day and by night. If the state of emergency lasts a long time you will require rations, reliefs, etc., bringing up these should come unobtrusively or they may give away the position to the enemy.
Which reminds me to emphasize that nothing you do to the house or its surroundings should give the least indication to die enemy that it is to
be defended.
If you decide to take the glass ml of some of the windows take som^B of the surrounding houses as you put some dummy heaps of I in thegarden, as I have suggest^ some REAL heaps in the neigfi( ing gardens.
I may be advisable to dig a few^H trenches for the protection of youfl men in air raids, bombardment, etfl If you cannot entirety hide these, dfl some in other gardens near by. Should it be impossible to avoid making tracks in the garden which may show up from the air be sure to make simi* lar tracks in the gardens all around. Sometimes it isagoodidea to make
some other house look as if it has been put in a state of defense, particularly if you can enfilade the enemy who may be induced to attack it.
And in your study of the surroundings never forget that ATTACK IS THE BEST DEFENSE, so be prepared with schemes for counter-attacking the enemy should he be held up near your house.4
Next give the place the “once over” from the standpoint of FIRE. Should there be a lot of inflammable refuse, etc., inside the house have it removed to a safe distance. Commandeer all the fire-fighting equipment you can get hold of and put it at suitable points. Keep your eye on the supplies of water and sand. Turn off the electricity and gas supplies at the meter.
When your preparations are complete, look everywhere for signs of activity which will tell the enemy the house is defended. Trails ofwhite plaster into the garden — piles of pain-hilly new rubbish — altered windows
—	sandbags showing — loopholes obvious — dust out in the road, etc.
—	are all indications which may cause enemy scouts, aerial or ground, to suspect your house.
Now, having discussed the material side of the defense, let us talk about:
The Men
How many do we need? How will they act? Where will they be kept? Before we start answering these queries let us be absolutely sure you nave the right idea about what the men will do.
Dismiss forever any lingering Maginot complex5 which may be inclining you to look on the defended house as a place in which to await the enemy.
All this “awaiting the enemy” idea is so much bunk! So long as we are content to wait for the enemy to start doing things to us we shall continue to get the worse of it.
No! The defended house should be the center for defensive activity taking place in the surrounding district. It is a wasp's nest from which the wasps will dart out and STING!
Possibly after heavy fighting the house MAY be the scene ofa last desperate stand against the invader, but
till the time comes it should be regarded only as a base for operations and there must be no tendency to keep within its precincts when there is an enemy who can be ATTACKED.
Generally speaking, to defend a house requires only a few men - say, six, eight or ten — and these may possibly be detailed to act as garrison cooks, etc., while the house itself is used for feeding and rest by fighting patrols and similar bodies of men who will come and go.
We are concerned now only with the garrison, as fighting patrol, street fighting and tankhunting parties have been dealt with elsewhere.6 The garrison should be organized in pairs, and every man should know his job. A look-out must always be kept to obviate risk of surprise attack, and all men should be warned against hanging about anywhere in view of aircraft or enemy scouts.
Even with such a small garrison it is very advisable always to nave a reserve (if only two men) in some central place ready to rally round instantly and stage a counter-attack should die enemy unexpectedly penetrate the defenses.
If the garrison has an automatic weapon, such as an L.M.G.7 or tommy-gun, it will usually be wiser to put it where there is a POOR field
of fire. That is where the enemy is likely to rush across. If you put the weapon where there is the best field of fire it will probably never get a target, because that is just where the Germans will NOT come.
See that all your bombs are detonated and suitably distributed for use, and if you have some A/T mines make detailed plans as to how they will be used and who will use them. You will be able to form a fairly reliable idea of how tanks will approach the house. Consider the question of posting one or two snipers in the surrounding district, with careful instructions about their withdrawal
If you have time, go and liaise with the other defended houses in the vicinity.
It will give you a good idea of correct tactics in defending a house if I describe what took place at:
The Maine (Plate 18)
his was a large, strongly built house standing well back from the main street. To the north of it was a large garage and across the street the bank.
As the enemy was reported to be approaching rapidly from the south, Lieut. T was ordered by his company
And in your study of the surroundings never forget that ATTACK IS THE BEST DEFENSE, so be prepared with schemes for counter-attacking the enemy should he be held up near your house.
lot KJLOlOir.IV
commander to place Maine in a state of defense and hold it, with the remains ofhis platoon, whatever might happen.
T, who was a very conscientious officer, at once posted a man at an upstairs window with orders to keep a keen look-out in the enemy’s direction, and ordered his L.M.G. team to dig in at A under the shade of a large tree, so as to cover the garden, which offered an excellent field of fire. He had a small quantity ofbarbed wire and this he used to strengthen the hedge at B, making it into a very formidable obstacle.
His stores and S.A.A.,* together with several wounded men, he put into the cellar, gas-proofing the door with blankets.
Knowing the enemy to be in close proximity, he periodically called upstairs “Are you keeping a good lookout across the garden? and he always received a reassuring “Yessir!” from above.
As he was expecting the enemy from the south and there was such a good field of fire in that direction, he stationed his tommy-gun at C, well back in the dining-room, ready to fire through the open window.
To give all-round defense he placed men in the rooms at D and £, both upstairs and downstairs.
These men were waiting for some sandbags to arrive from Company Headquarters so that they could start making some protection for themselves, when suddenly there was a terrific racket from the roofs of the garage and the bank
This was covering fire for a number of Germans who swarmed out of the garage and were crossing the entry as the men at D and £ reached the windows. Before they could fire at the attacking enemy they were shot down by the accurate covering fire from the roofs opposite, which smashed through the windows with deadly precision.
A few seconds later the Bodies were in the house shooting the tommy-gun and L.M.G. teams in the back before they could fire a shot. The upstairs look-out came to the top of the stairs and was immediately scuppered by bullets from below.
A hand grenade thrown into the cellar completed the wiping out of the garrison. This the Germans had done
without sustaining a casualty.
If, as is said to happen, Lieut. T in the short time he lived after receiving three bayonet wounds could have reviewed the events leading to his death he would have ___ realized what fundamental blunders he had made:
LET THE DEFENSE BE ACTIVE; GO OUT
or loopholed traverse to prevent the enemy mounting the stairs.
7. He had allowed his men to waste time waiting for sandbags when they could have been using the material on the spot, filling drawers with gravel from the drive, or soil out of the garden; barricading
1. He had usumed that because .uTT Tur> the enemy were ap- A1VIJ-I HI 1 1 XlJL JLIN- doors and passages
preaching from the EMY FIRST; KEEP with furniture, mat-
HITTING HIM AS	“d *° °n
HE DRAWS NEAR 8 He had
TO YOUR DE-	ni° edreserve. Even a
hiraueSnlThe1 FENDED HOUSE... |SI■
GARDEN while the —————
south they would ATTACK from that diection. His continual calling to the look-out man had
enemy was sneaking up the back alleys and side streets. If he had only sent out a couple of scouts to contact the enemy he would have been warned in time.
could not be taken by surprise and all ready to counter-attack instantly would have held up the enemy long enough for the tommy-gun and L.M.G. to come into action, and this might have saved the situation.
2.	He placed his automatic weapons, his all important fire power, where he HOPED the enemy would come, and not where his common sense would have told him they were much more likely to come. The Germans are seldom obliging enough to attack over a god field of fire it there is a covered approach from some other direction.
3.	He had not occupied the Maine roof. If he had placed a couple of good shots there the Germans could never have given covering fire from the roofs of either the garage or the bank, and his own men at D and £ could have shot down the advancing Germans like rabbits.
4.	He had placed his precious barbed wire in the very place the enemy would be most unlikely to reach it, whereas if he had put it between the garage and the house it would have held them up under heavy fire, which is the special function of barbed wire.
5.	He had not barricaded the doors and windows and so they had been easily rushed.
Poor T! He learnt a lot in the last few seconds ofhis life, but it was too late then for him to benefit.
But it is not too late for us to benefit. The lesson is that it is no use waiting for the Royal Engineers to put our house in order. It is for US to do it, with every ounce of energy and common sense we possess. No use lamenting because we have no dump of material to draw upon: we must use | the timber, wire, furniture, carpet and anything else which is to hi on the spot.
And, just as a last word upoi| subject of the defense of houi would impress upon you once
LET THE DEFENSE BE TIVE; GO OUT AND HITTM ENEMY FIRST; KEEP HITTING HIM AS HE DRAWS NEAR TO YOUR DEFENDED HOUSE; and have your defenses so good and so cunning, both inside ana outside, that when he begins to attack it you can heave a sigh of relief and say,“And now he’s going to ask for it and be will GET ITr
6.	He had not put a barri-
The RESISTER
LECTURES ON DEFEATING SENSORS
Parti
Unattended Ground Sensors
Ife;'	by
SFC F.D. Godman
To begin straight away, the tide of this article is somewhat of a misnomer. As we shall see, the ultimate objective isn’t to necessarily defeat the sensor, hut rather to defeat the operator that the sensor is reporting to.
For our purposes, an unattended ground sensor (UGS) is a system of devices that react to different physical phenomena and transmit information to an operator. The types that we will address here are:
Seismic Beam Breaker Trip Wire
UGS are often deployed in an area as a force multiplier. In other words, rather than have a security patrol for every hundred yard square of terrain, you can have a cluster of sensors detecting likely targets. A centralized reaction force is then vectored to the location of the sensor “hit”.
In this installment, we will concentrate on the seismic sensor (which detects vibrations).
Defeating Seismic Sensors
Seismic is the most common sensor and is usually the easiest to defeat. This is because manufacturers are constantly trying to make their technology “smarter” than the operator. Look at it this way, if your seismic sensor simply traced ev-
ery vibration on a sheet of chart paper, an operator woidd have to receive extensive training in interpreting signals. A good analogy would be the operation of a polygraph. Unlike the “lie detector” in a Three Stooges short, the polygraph doesn’t flash a green light for the truth and a red light for a lie. A trained operator looks at the pen tracings from different sensors attached to the subject and has to interpret the results. [In other words, guess. There is as much science involved with polygraphs as there is with handwriting analysis. Better results would be obtained reading tarot cards or throwing “lie dice.” SMB] For someone investing in a sensor system, he wants to cut down on the number of trained operators, not increase them.
In response, the sensor manufacturers try to make their sensors recognize a human walking while rejecting false alarms. So now we have our first rule of thumb: THE SMARTER THE SENSOR, THE EASIER IT IS TO FOOL. My favorite example happened in the 80’s. Sylvania developed a system called VFP for Variable Frequency Processor. This system would recognize a human beingwalking under any circumstances. The story goes that during an evaluation, ten Marines got on line and walked right over it. It seems that the VFP was thoughtfully filtering out the footsteps of ten men as background noise.
One sensor that the author has
worked with quite extensively was programmed to identify three steps. That is, if three foot impacts were detected within a certain space of time, a signal would go off. By the simple expedient of taking two steps, counting to two seconds, and taking two more steps the sensor was allowed to recycle and “lose count.” Less time consuming was using a walking techniques familiar to snipers. When a step is taken, the center of gravity is kept over the foot still on the ground. The raised (or lead) foot is extended forward without compromising the balance. When the lead foot is placed on the ground, it is done outside edge first. From the outside edge, the foot is “rolled” inward until flat on the ground. Up to this point, the lead foot can be quickly lifted off ofthe ground. The walker’s center of gravity is then shifted horizontally towards the lead foot. All the weight will be on the lead foot as the trail foot comes off the ground and the process is repeated. I would suggest practicing this technique for distance as you are likely to find it very strenuous on the thighs. Use of either technique is of course contingent upon our second rule of thumb: KNOWING THE LOCATION OF A SENSOR IS 90% OF THE BATTLE. It stands to reason that if I know that there is a seismic sensor within 25 yards of my line of travel, I can merely walk in some special way without too much effort.
We found that we could usually walk on top of the sensors when using these techniques. The exception was when the sensitivity was set to the highest level At this point however, the occurrence or nuisance alarms increased. Nuisance alarms are caused by non-target activity matching the preprogrammed criteria for a walking man. For example, we found out by accident that a Blackhawk helicopter would set off this sensor when it flew overhead. A lighter helicopter wouldn’t do it.
The subject of nuisance alarms highlights our third rule of thumb: DONT TRY TO DEFEAT THE SENSOR, TRY TO DEFEAT THE OPERATOR. After so many false alarms, a sensor line will lose credibility with an operator. Being a machine, the sensor will dutifully re-
The RESISTER
port whatever is in it’s detection range. An operator can be fatigued, distracted or bored. After reporting a series offidse alarms and scrambling the reaction force on a humbug every time, a low ranking operator will think twice before reporting yet an* other sensor hit from the suspect area.
On the subject of nuisance alarms, the deployment of seismic sensors is guided towards their elimination. This is also the reciprocal of our second rule of thumb. We may not always know
where the sensors are, but we can reasonably assume where they are not.
1.	Surf and wave action. Placed too close to an ocean they would be worthless. The same handicap exists at fast moving streams or rivers.
2.	Vibration. Seismic sensors placed too dose to water supply or sewage lines will also have too many false positives. The same effect can take place around power lines on windy days.
3.	Weather. Heavy rains will render most seismic sensors ineffective. Heavy snowfall will have a similar effect. Most sensors are battery operated and extreme cold will kill the power supply.
4.	Trees and Brush. This is due for special consideration because the movement of vegetation in high winds creates vibration in the root system. The more extensive the root network in an area, the less likely that you’ll encounter a seismic sensor.
5.	Soil. In general, the maximum detection range of a seismic sensor is obtained in an area with dry hard packed soil Areas with soft, sandy soil present a low probability of detection.
Keep in mind that this only touches the surface of the subject ana that sensor technology is constantly evolving.
Fact, Fiction, & Fraud
in Modern Medicine...
Readers of the RE SISTER may wish to stay abreast of the decline of medidne. Yes, there is a rapidly worsening state of affairs in Health care. As in the case of defense and the preparedness of the Armed Forces, Medidne is in decay. What are the facts? How is this coming about? Is the New-World-Order crowd responsible?
To stay in touch with these problems you need to subscribe to:
Fact, Fiction & Fraud in Modern Medicine by Thomas Dorman MD. This is the one newsletter which studies the relationship of Medicine to our culture and civilization. It takes one topic at a time, monthly. An in-depth study of the philosophy and sdence...
You will also find information on what has become called: ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE. It should really be called Hippocratic Medicine.
To subscribe:
Send $69.95 for one year; $127 for two years to:
Dorman Publications 216 Railroad Ave. N.
1|	Kent, WA 98032
Inquiries by E mail to: tdorman@nwlink.com Visit our web site: http://www.dormanpub.com
Canadian Issues Series
The Quest of “Equality” by Prof. Kenneth H.W. Hilbom - How fani ics try to remake human nature, from the guillotine to employment el uity. $6.00
Belize: Anatomy of a Multiracial Sodety by Robert Jarvis - Not el couraging. Belize is a conspicuous failure. $5.00
Confronting the Canadian Anti-Life Network by Dr. Brian ClJ Special section exposing the censorship tactics of B’nai B’rith. $3,001
Heredity and Humanity: Race, Eugenics and Modem Sdence by Dr. Roger Pearson - Intellectual giants for 100 years favored measures to improve Western man. Shows how disastrously wrong current social policy is. $15.00
Free Speech Monitor (10 times a year). - Published by the CanadianJ Association for Free Expression. This timely newsletter deals with thri to freedom in expression in Canada, thought crimes trials, the depi tions of the politically correct, and the activities of minority censors. $15.00
Many more titles available:
Citizens for Foreign Aid Reform Inc. (C-FAR)
PO Box 332, Rexdale, Ontario, M9W 5L3 I Ph: (905) 897-7221; Fax: (905) 277-3914 I
The RESISTER
ETHICAL DECISION
GAME
Martin Luther, Officer of Marines
&
SI;C Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
This ethical decision game depends entirely on the judgment and decisions of individuals who are not colluding with others to carry out their decisions. In the military, collusion to disobey orders is called mutiny. The Resister does not advocate mutiny. SMB
Situation:
You are the Commanding Officer of xth Battalion, yth Marines. Your battalion is currently conducting normal, peacetime training in preparation for an upcoming deployment.
Several months ago, in the wake of an outburst of sniping at federal officials, Congress passed legislation banning the private ownership of all semiautomatic firearms. Following a 90-day amnesty period, all such firearms were to be subject to confiscation.
Recognizing that adequate numbers of civilian law enforcement personnel are not available to enforce confiscation, the President received authorization from Congress to use active duty military personnel to augment civilian law enforcement agencies. Thirty days prior to deploying, you receive the following:
Mission:
Xth Bn, yth Marines conducts cordon and search of the town ofNew River (coordinates given) NET 190300RAPR99 to confiscate privately-owned semiautomatic firearms from unauthorized civilians.
Your coordinating instructions read, in part:
a.	Apprehend and detain all persons resisting confiscation.
b.	Use of CS munitions is authorized.
c.	Use of deadly force is authorized in self defense only per ROE 001-99.
A special agent liaison from the local BATF office ex-plains to you that he doesn’t anticipate “significant” resistance from the majority of the local population, but that the local civilian militia (approximately 15 men) can be expected to resist violently. He presents you with a map designating known locations of militia leaders’ homes as well as probable weapons cache sites.	■!».
The time is now 151200RAPR99. What now, Colonel?
Solution #1
*>y
Martin Luther
Xth Bn, yth Marines conducts cordon and search of the town of New River (coordinates given) NET 190300RAPR99 to confiscate privately-owned semiautomatic firearms from unauthorized civilians.
C
ommentary: This mission, in my opinion, constitutes an illegal order, based on it being unconstitutional by (definitely) violating the second Amendment and (probably) the Posse Comitatus Act. Three quotes come to mind: “All laws
which are repugnant to the Constitution are null and void” (Marbury vs. Madison, 5 U.S. (1803)); “An unconstitutional act is not law, it confers no rights; it imposes no duties; affords no protection; it creates no office; it is in legal contemplation, as inoperative as though it had never been passed” (Norton vs. Shelby County, 118 U.S. 425, pg. 442); “No one is bound to obey an unconstitutional law and no courts are bound to enforce it” (16 Am Jur, 2nd, Sec 177).
Proposed Course of Action: The first thing I would do is to have my adjutant, under the XO’s supervision, confirm that the order is authentic, i.e. not a hoax. I want to demonstrate, by my suspicions, that something is wrong. Assuming that the order is authentic, I would then contact the local sheriff’s office and the media and explain to them that I am in receipt of these orders. 1 would also attempt to contact the local militia and explain to them that there is a high probability that action against them will be taken at the time specified in the order.
After contacting these people, I would then call in my executive officer and sergeant major and explain to them the situation and my intentions. Then I would have these two Marines, plus the officer of the day and the staff duty NCO with their side-arms, accompany me to mv commanding officer’s (the regimental ■ ■	commander’s) head-
quarters. Assuming that the phone lines are being monitored, I do not want to be intercepted before speaking with the regimental commander.
I would then request to speak with my commanding officer privately and explain to him that because I consider the order to be unconstitutional — and therefore illegal — I cannot, in good conscience, execute it. My next actions would depend on his. As I see it, he can react in one of two ways; agree with me, or insist that I carry out the orders. If he insists that I carry them out, I will then explain to
him that I would like to speak with the commanding general If he insists that it will have to wait until after the operation, then I will have to resign immediately.
Solution #2
Sy
SFC Steven M. Barry,
USA (Ret.)
Commentary: First, several major assumptions can be made. 1) Because Congress gave authorization for the use of federal forces to execute civilian law, and they had to make a law to do that, objections about the violation of the Posse Comitatus statutes are moot. 2) Because the Mission Tasking (MITASK) has reached the battalion level with nobody in the senior chain of command refusing to execute the mission or resigning in protest it can be assumed the chain of command is on board with the political agenda, therefore protests through the chain of command are moot. 3) Arguments about the legality of the orders are moot; refusal to carry out the orders will result in arrest and court martial.
Second, several realities need to be addressed. 1) The order will be executed. 2) Although there will be bitching and grousing in the ranks, they will follow orders. 3) Because resistance is expected, first loyalties within the tactical units executing die order will be to the unity in otherwords, keeping yourself and your buddies alive: the attitude will be screw the civilians. [I am not kidding, and that is not speculation, folks. In hostile environments, small unit cohesion rests on a very simple principle, “We live, you die.”] 4) There are going to be no en masst desertions to civilian “militias.”
[I cannot emphasize that last point strongly enough. I cannot speak for the National Guard or the Reserves. But I can tell you the standing army will not witness any large (or even small) scale desertions over to the side of the civilians. Ones and twos, maybe. And even if they do desert, they won't bring anything use-fill with them, and they sure as hell aren’t going to be stupid enough to take orders from some self-anointed
"colonel” who has the operations foresight of a private. So, you can put your short wave hopes and dreams right out of your minds.]
Being a noncommissioned officer, my options, given the foregoing assumptions and facts, are limited. NCOs cannot resign in protest, which limits my courses of action to three. Course of Action 1: Obey, and despite any personal I misgivings fire-up my Joes to look upon civilians as the enemy with a uWe are going to live through this and screw anybody who gets in our way” speech. Course of Action 2: Subvert and sabotage the mission, while ensuring none of my Joes become casualties (i.e., defect in place).
Course of Action 3:
Desert.
Course of Action 3 is a loser by default.
War Game: Who would I desert to?I There is no recognized, legitimate resistance authority. What would I desert to? There is no cohesive, coherent, organized resistance. Where would I desert to? There are no “liberated zones” or safe areas. When would I desert? Even if any of the three above existed, too soon and I’ve tipped my hand, too late and I risk “desertion in the face of the enemy” (Le., getting shot) in the attempt, and anytime in between I incur die risks associated with trying to evade detection by the internal security police. There is no resistance organization to assist deserters. Why would I desert? Oath to the Constitution notwithstanding, there is no unifying moral cause and thus no morally unified resistance. (As I keep saying, the Constitution is not a cause, it is an effect.) Decision: CA 3 is rejected as a needless gamble.
Course of Action 1, as unpalatable as it is, is the easiest and safest course of action. As a professional soldier it is my duty to perform my assigned missions to the best of my ability while trusting that my officers have issued legal orders. War Game: Why should I stick my neck out for a bunch of Chilians who stupidly believe all the
Communist propaganda about democracy? Well, they have their democracy. Their great-grandparents, grandparents, parents, and they themselves voted America into this mess. Every democracy in history has come to this same tyrannical end. Now, let this mob of fools live with the consequences. I’m in the Army, I’ve got three hots and a cot, a steady paycheck, some position and authority— at least me and mine are better off than those civilian dimwits blubbering about their rights they voted away. But.
I did take an oath to defend the Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic, I love my nation (at least what it used to be), and it is now plainly obvious the domestic enemy is the government. So, no matter how contemptuous those democracy worshiping civilians who destroyed America are (the great bulk of whom can be disfranchised later), my sworn duty is clear. Decision: CA 1 is rejected as immoral.
That leaves Course of Action 2. There are no buttons to push or levers to pull to make the operation stop. But it is possible to throw sand in die gears. It remains to ensure that, at least in my Area of Operations (AO), the mission fails in substantive intent. Because the mission is to confiscate all semiautomatic firearms, if a reasonable portion ofweapons remain unconfiscated — preferably those of martial value — then for practical purposes the mission has been sabotaged and is a failure. (Even though it will, on the surface, appear to be a success.)
I’ve already made the moral decision to “defect in place,” so CA 2 puts me in die middle of two extremes. On the one hand, I have to try and reason with a pack of civilian yahoos who think they can take on the standing army. On the other hand, I not only have to work within an organization that will make every effort to execute the mission, but I also have a moral obligation to my Joes to ensure “we
Why would I desert? Oath to the Constitution notwithstanding, there is no unifying moral cause and thus no morally unified resistance. (As I keep saying, the Constitution is not a cause, it is an effect.)
live, you die” if the civilian yahoos get stupid. So, the precarious balance of those two extremes is going to depend entirety upon the yahoos’ ability to listen with their ears, not their mouths.
Knowing that there will be several days of planning before we "launch,” through a locally circulating promilitary, anti-socialist "underground rag called "The Maquis1" 1 am able to pass a copy of the Mission Tasking (MITASK) to one of the more intelligent "militia” members with a note explaining what is going to happen, how it is going to happen, what they need to do, concluding with the fact that we will kill them if they shoot at us
The Note
To Whom It May Concern: Read this, and the enclosed MITASK carefully. You have two, maybe three days, to pull your head out of your a**. This will happen. You will not win. If you listen to my advice you will live to fight back someday when you get adult supervision. If you do not listen to my advice — well, I will still be alive when the mission is over. When your town is cordoned off and the final demand for tum-in is given, give us something. Anything semiautomatic that has a paper trail. We’ll be happy. We’ll go home. You’ll be alive. "Disappear” one militarily useful weapon per household with its ammunition. During the operation I will do what I can for you, when I can, to cripple its execution on my end. But no promises those efforts will succeed. I will be the man you fear and loath the most. If my soldiers and I are ordered to search your house, we wUl turn your house inside out, and I wUl not be wearing a smiley face mask while we’re doing it. We will crush any resistance. I don’t like this any better than you. I am on your side. So don’t get stupid with me.
Deo Vindice
//S// A Patriot
NOTE:
’Copyright, 1999 by SFC Steven M. Barry and The Resister.
NETWORK INFORMATION SHARING
Was Abraham Lincoln Really Honest?
“Military government is thus placed within the domain of international law, its rules the laws of war, while martial law is within the cognizance of municiple law.” -Major General W.E Birkhimer, LLB.11914.
One Artist...
Illustrating the Obscure^
Fallacies of American Politics
Illustrative Newsletter Explaining the Importance of the History of Law, and Solution to Emergency Powers.
Four issues per year for donation of 15.00 Post Office Money Order or Cash ONLY to:
Michael Paul: McClinton. general delivery.
Girard Post Office.
Girard, Pennsylvania.
For One 16-Page Issue, Send donation of 5.00.
CLASSIFIEDS
WANTED: An wife.
Single white male, 39, 6’1”, 195, former Ranger, Special Forces, excellent physical condition, pursuing legal career, desires never married (virgin preferred), in good health, physically fit, white 20 - 30 year-old female. Must be obedient, know how to cook, clean, sew, and know what her role in life is. Must have racial pride, desire to breed prodigiously, and know when to keep her mouth shut. Proficiency with firearms a plus, but will train. Provide handwritten autobiography and full-length Vi profile color photograph in a modest dress to: AJB, c/o PO Box 35046, Fayetteville, NC 28303._______________________
Rate: $1.00 per word. No advertisements. Write: Classifieds, PO Box 45046, Fayetteville, NC 28303
WANTED: Bound volumes of Mercury magazine. Library quality preferred. Loose issues of contiguous dates acceptable. State condition and price: Research Library, PO Box 35046, Fayetteville, NC 28303.
WANTED: Bound volumes of The Independent magazine. Library quality preferred. Loose issues of contiguous dates acceptable. State condition and price: Research Library,	PO	Box	35046,
Fayetteville, NC 28303.
WANTED: Bound volumes of The Point newsletter. Library quality preferred. Loose issues of contiguous dates acceptable. State condition and price: Research Library,	PO	Box	35046,
Fayetteville, NC 28303.
THE NEW TOTALITARIANS
Bosnia as a Mirror of America’s Future
Praise For This Book In the cesspool of inverse morality that	Dr. Gerald L.	Atkinson
defines the New Totahtarians, the most
debased and degenerate of the counterculture elite sank straight to the bottom and became its leaden, and eventually our government.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA,Ret.)
Editor,The Resister
[The book] builds a convincing hypothesis that the Clintons and their Boomer elitists... will destroy the institutions and traditions on which America was founded....
ADM Thomas H. Moorer
This hook reveals how Bill Clinton and his ‘New Totalitarian’ are destroying America’s trusted institutions, including the nation’s military. Unless turned back, we will witness the collapse of our nation and with it our American Civilization.The New Totalitarian reveals:
The true reason Clinton committed troops to Bosnia
The parallels between Yugoslavia and America
Who these ‘N ew Totalitarian’ really are
The ‘NewTotalitarian” agitprop agenda
How they are destroying tne U.S>. military from within
(USN, Ret.)
Former Chairman, JCS
This important book clearly illustrates how the politically correct are transforming Marxism from economics into culture... when multiculturalism fails, as it
$20.00 RESISTER Books PO Box 35046
always will, the result will be 'bayonets.’ William Lind, Host "Next Revolution,” NET-TV
Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash^mone^jrder^orcheck^U^
For anybody who dreams of the day when Communists twist in the wind... this
LEGAL TERRORISM
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
With the growth of the more violent incidents of terrorism throughout the world, little attention has been paid to a more insidious form of activity which Dr. Huck defines as “Legal Terrorism.” Dr. Huck defines legal terrorism as a form of political warfare... designed to ruin a target’s life... via the courts by filing politically motivated civil suits against [patriots]. The primary practitioner of legal terrorism has been the Christie Institute... a liberal’ church-randed tax exempt group.
$7.00 (softcover) $14.00 (hardcover)
book is a necessary reference.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA, Ret) Editor, The Rcsister
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046
The Christie Institute’s brand of legal terrorism will continue until Congress corrects the current flaws in RICO.
Robert K. Donum
Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery.)
The RESISTER
...lirew the tides of men into my bands.
And wrote my will across the sky in stars. T.E. Lawrence
Books
If we advert to the nature ofrepublican government, we shall find that the censorial power is in the people over the government, and not in the government over thepeople.
James Madison, 1794
ewables
QUARTERMASTERS HATE SOLDIERS
Common Sense About Equipage and H	Nuclear	Warfare
Two Reviews by SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Jungle Snafus... and Remedies. Major Cresson H. Kearny, AUS (Ret.). Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine, 2251 Dick George Road, Cave Junction, OR 97523.1996. ISBN 1-884067-10-7. Cloth, 420 pages, appendixes, bibliography, index. $29.00.
Nuclear War Survival Skills. Major Cresson H. Kearny, AUS (Ret.), with Forward by Dr. Edward Teller. Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine, 2251 Dick George Road, Cave Junction, OR 97523. ISBN 0-942487-01-X. Soft cover, 282 $12
^>ages, bibliography, index.
Opening Essay
Special Forces soldiers, the men who do the work, know a fundamental truth; a truth that inevitably eludes our commanders. (Who do not do the work, but who, with their — at most — 18 months ofTeam time, are pleased to consider themselves as equally experienced as those among us with 18 or mottyears experience.jihat truth is this:Tnose who are responsible for the design
and fielding of Army field gear and weapons are either mentally deranged bastards in deliberate league with our enemies, or they are “scientists” at the United States Army Natick Laboratories. More often than not those two classes of malignant culprits wind up being the same people.
In happier days SF soldiers considered their issued uniforms and equipment a grand practical joke and did what any reasonable soldiers upon who they were inflicted would do when headed to the bush — left them behind in their wall lockers.
For example, there was a clear distinction between one’s duty uniform and one’s field uniform. Before the Bone Clones flogged SF with their “vision,” field uniforms were often heavily modified to suit the practical necessities of living in tne bush (which Bone Clones didn’t do, by the way), or replaced with an item or foreign issue uiat had not been designed by “scientists” who loathed and hated their military, as ours do.
I remember tumbling off a deuce-
In happier days SF soldiers considered
and-a-half once with my “green tick” and dressed in my field uniform only to find myself face to face with the Battalion sergeant major. I was wearing brown Goretex boots (remember those, guys?), wool field pants, a wooly-pully, an SAS wind smock (further modified by Mrs. Barry with crutch strap and poacher pockets so I did not have to use LBJ— load bearing junk), an OD watch cap, a British sniper veil around my neck, my M-24 \heavily modified to fix it — what a piece of junk the original is — but that’s a different story), and a Camel cigarette dangling out of a comer of my two week unshaven face. “You’re not a soldier,” he sputtered, “you’re a g*****n Eastern Front throwback!” Looking my spit-shined, starched, and clean shaven high-and-tight sergeant major in the eyes I replied, “Thankyou, Sergeant Major.” Okay, I admit I was every sergeant major’s nightmare. But I knew my job; I knew what worked, and I knew the equipment we’d been issued had been designed by fools and
their issued uniforms approved by Quarter-.	.	•.	master	swivel	chair
and equipment a
grand practical joke...
warmers who didn’t have to use it.
The Army attracts two types of individuals. Those who take their chosen martial profession of arms seriously (field soldiers), and those who are brown nosing, pretty-boy marionettes (garrison soldiers). That distinction is hotly denied by the senior chain of command. It is true nonetheless. Of course, the senior chain of command, both enlisted and officer, consists almost universally of— that’s right — garrison soldiers. In the institutionalized everted logic of
the American military bureaucracy guess which type of soldiers eventually make decisions about uniforms and items of issue? That’s right. So even those all too rare practical items of issue fall prey to the institutional stupidity of garrison soldiers. Uniforms, garrison soldiers tell us, must be pretty, and equipment, by logical extension, must be "cool.” And tnese days, as an expression of how degenerate the Army has become since it joined American society, garrison soldiers (who control the Army’s propaganda machine) refer to themselves as‘'warriors.”
Take for example the old OG-106 cotton fatigues. As originally designed, the OG-106 uniform was to be washed and fluff dried only and the coat worn outside the trousers. (Old-timers, ever wonder why it was called a coat and why it had an even hem? Because it was an outer garment. A shirt, you see, is an under garment.) The OG-106 was, after all, a fatigue (meaning work) uniform and when washed and fluff dried and worn as designed it was practical, roomy and quite comfortable. But the OG-106 was wrinkly and baggy. That means it didn’t look pretty. Garrison soldiers despise wrinkles, comfort and practicality. Garrison soldiers don’t look pretty (their overriding concern — have you ever heard a field soldier call somebody a “rag bag”?) in practical, roomy, comfortable fluff dried fatigues. There was a solution for that! Starch, tucking the coat into the trousers, tailor fitting and festooning their coats with badges allowed the pretty-boys to look “professional” After all, if garrison soldiers don’t look “professional” they would need to rely upon their competence and ability to prove their worth; and we know where that would lead. Following the miracle of permanent press fabrics, OG-106s sunk deeper into the pits of uniform helL
OG-107s and the old jungle cammies were great uniforms. They also were intended to be merely washed and fluff dried. Until, that is, the pretty boys started wearing them because those uniforms were more “cool” than OG-106s. Pretty boys love “cooL” However, the pretty boys then demanded that those field uniforms also be starched and festooned with badges. Remember when the
Battle Dress Uniform (BDU) was first issued? It too was intended to be washed and fluff dried. Any guesses as to which pack of mouth-breathers now demand it be starched?
Speaking of mouth-breathers, the BDU was foisted on	_
unsuspecting soldiers
by the “scientists” of Garrison soldiers don’t the United States -	,	t	-	.
Army Natick Labora- look pretty (their
tories after years of overriding; concern — Weapons System research and testing. -	i_	j	(heaven	forbid
Don’t bother asking nave you ever heard a should be called
The Army’s equipment procurement system seems intentionally designed to get soldiers killed while steering contracts to the future employers of officers who work in the Army equipment procurement sys-tern. A harsh statement? Let’s look at one example, the procurement of the Army’s M-24 Sniper
it
for wnat reason clerks, truck drivers, and the other REMFs who make up 90 per cent of the Army need with a camouflage uniform.
They “needed” it for “uniformity.” Camouflage is “cool” you see, and the REMFs| and swivel chair warmers were insanely jealous of those non-uniform field soldiers who wore camouflage. Besides, without camouflage a Quartermaster officer, for instance, couldn’t possibly be mistaken for an infantry officer.
The BDU is an abortion.The first style “ensemble” (who lets faggots name things?) had insta-fade dyes, clown collars, ever-shrinkfabric, and too-small pockets placed precisely where they would be of the least use to field soldiers, with sewn down seams because bellows pockets only encourage soldiers to carry things in them. Then a summer version was issued. It was made of ripstop cotton fabric and lost the clown collar while retaining the worst features of the original.But it wasn’t pretty enough, so button waist tabs were added so the pretty boys could look tailored because tailoring the BDU was against regulations. N ow there is a newer version with smaller, even more sewn-down pockets. Those intractable field soldiers kept trying to carry stuff in them.
And don’t forget the elastic waist “fuller cut” maternity BDUs designed with the Army’s sneaker wearing, profile riding, professional sick call malingering bastard breeders in mind. The Army doesn’t have enough bastard spawn in its ranks; now it’s breeding its own.
field soldier call somebody a “rag bag”?) in practical, roomy, comfortable fluff dried fa- the XVIli Airborne
sniper rifle”), project I initiated while noncommissioned officer in charge (NCOIC) of
tigues. There was a solution for that! Starch,...
Corps and Fort Bragg Sniper School in 1979, and which was culminated by I committee at the US .	Army	Special	War-
fare Center and School about nine years later. To make a long story short, my original proposal was to make the United States Marine Corps’ M-40A1 the standard service sniper rifle. That was too easy.
What the Army ended up with was the M-24. The M-40A1 was the product of a single Marine who knew what he was doing. The M-24 was the Army’s communal product by an ever shifting over the years committee of wannabes and mouth-breathers “sharing their input.” The Marines make their own M-40Als. The Army buys their M-24s from Remington at quadruple the cost it takes a Marine armorer to make an M-40A1. If something breaks on an M40A1, the battalion or division armorer can fix it on the spot. If something breaks on the M-24 it must be shipped back to the Remington factory for repairs—where it disappears for at least six months. The Army calls this “outsourcing.” (MBAs in the Army should be snot.) The M-40A1 is built for sniping. The M-24 is built for something between varmint hunting and long-range target shooting — with the worst features of both types of rifle. But, the M-24 looks “cool,” which, after all, is the overriding consideration.
If the above sounds like a long winded way to introduce the first book
The RESISTER
in this review, Jungle Snafus... And Remedies, that is because few topics will excite as much heated conversation among soldiers than discussions about equipment, and your editor is no exception. As I have already related, in SF’s happier days, soldiers who took their business seriously would always be on the prowl for a better piece of kit, a way to keep things dry, cast envious glances at foreign weapons that were not designed by fools, and looked with deep suspicion on Mnew and improved” issue items.
Situation Normal, All F****d Up
Cresson Kearny is uniquely qualified to write about what is wrong with the Army’s current equipment. At the beginning of Roosevelt’s War he was the Jungle Experiments Officer with the Panama Mobile Force, the Army’s experimental jungle fighting platoon. His prior experience as an oil exploration geologist in Venezuelan jungles gave him deep and considered insight as to what constituted appropriate jungle equipment. Mr. Kearny fought protracted battles with the Engineer Corps bureaucracy in his attempts to get equipment improvements approved and issued to troops fighting in the South Pacific. His greatest success was the adoption of nis breath-inflated river-crossing boat by General Joseph Stihvell, who ordered thousands of them for his American and Chinese troops in the China-Burma-India theater. Late in the war he sought assignment in the Office of Strategic Services and served with OSS in southeast China. During Truman’s War he worked with the National Research Council developing improved frogman gear. Following that he worked for the Atomic Energy Commission’s Civil Defense R&D program at Oak Ridge Laboratory where he designed several improvised nuclear shelters, an improvised fallout radiation meter, and other improvised nuclear-survival equipment. (The subject of the second review.)
Jungle Snafus largely treats his efforts, during Johnson’s War, to reintroduce those items of jungle
equipment used in the South Pacific but which had been dropped from the Army inventory. How did items of equipment that were of proven usefulness in jungle fighting come to be eliminated from the Army’s Tables of Organization and Equipment (TOE)? It’s easy, he tells us:
“Most of the losses were due to military snafus caused by ignorance of jungle fighting men’s requirements, jurisdictional conflicts between competing organizations, the giving of monetary and other awards to persons who reduce the dollar costs of items, and ‘Value engineering” used to determine... whether to remove a feature of an item being issued....”
In other words, caused by the concerted efforts of Class B uniform wearing pencil-necks, bean-counters, paper-pushers and mouth-breathers (my descriptions, not Mr. Kearny’s) who decide the equipment and fate of field soldiers from the air-conditioned comfort of their Pentagon offices. Kearny points out that poor individual equipment bought from the lowest bidder “can render ineffective strategies that could be war winners.” American soldiers in Viet Nam “suffered unnecessarily — and many of them died — because they did not have footmobile equipment and training as good as that given to... our jungle infantry... ofWorld War II.” (Unfortunately, Mr. Kearny does not consider that this was done on purpose with malice and forethought. We weren’t supposed to win, and any officer who publicly used the word “victory” to describe our “strategy” in Viet Nam was immediately censored and punished.)
That Mr. Kearny is the friend of foot mobile infantry is revealed when he observes; “Ideally, those responsible for changes [to jungle infantry equipment] should actively partici-
Cate in the essential jungle testing.
Unfortunately, adequate testing... inevitably involves risks to the participant’s health and lives....” Which is precisely — as any infantryman worth his salt knows — why
“those responsible for changes” do not participate in the testing and why experienced infantrymen look upon those responsible for their equipment with visceral contempt. What makes Kearny’s innovations and equipment modifications relevant is that he personally tested each one in the depths of the Panama jungle before recommending it’s adoption. He put his own life on the line, not the lives of innocent soldiers. For that reason, jungle fighters in Roosevelt’s War had equipment that far surpassed that of American infantry in Viet Nam.
Rations
One of the “stupidest ways money was saved in the Vietnam War,” Kearny writes, “was having our footmobile infantry and Marines carry C rations — 4.5 pounds of canned wet food for each day’s adequate nourishment.” Believe me, I know what he’s talking about. During Phase I of my SFQf, each student was issued a case of Cs every four days. Some fools simply strapped the case of rations to their rucksack and moved out. Wiser students would take the time to “break down” their rations and take only what was needed to sustain them until the next resupply. B-2 main meals were typically wolfed down on the spot. (Although, contrary to orthodoxy, I kept my Ham and Lima Beans for “the hump.”)That left B-l and B-3 main meals which came in large tuna fish sized cans. Peanut butter was kept, as were the “John Wayne Bars.” Cheese spread was especially prized. I kept Ham Slices (lots of fat) and traded away “Chicken or Turkey Loaf” for Omelets or more Ham Slices. Also contrary to orthodoxy, I kept my chocolate nut cakes, and traded pound cake and Tuna for cigarettes (heresy!). I’d trade out my peaches for apricots, and my pineapple dices for more cigarettes. As Kearny points out, what remained was stuffed into my dirty socks and tied to the outside of my rucksack. With careful selection and judicious wolfing while
...experienced infantrymen look upon those responsible for their equipment with visceral contempt.
breaking it down, the load could be reduced from around 25 pounds to about 15 and you’d only come up about one day short of food before the next resupply.
Most people think rations simply miracle themselves into existence when soldiers need them. Not true. Commanders have to buy rations out of unit funds. (Why did nobody kill “systems analyst” McNamara and his bean-counter “Whiz-Kids?”) Light weight dried rations (LRPs) were (and still are) so expensive that commanders bought (and still buy) “wet’ rations — which essentially doubles the “hump weight” of food carried by foot soldiers. “Little or no account was taken of the prices paid in reduced mobility and lowered morale of infantrymen forced to carry the weight of water and metal in their relatively inexpensive canned rations.” Even today with our Meals Rejected by Ethiopians (MREs) the situation is no better. To avoid the prospect of issuing light weight dried rations to infantrymen, the money is squandered instead on such vital items as breast cancer research, private room dormitories, “quality of life,” new office furniture for Starred Cowards, and other “national defense” priorities.
“Many footmobile war winners throughout history,” Kearny reminds us, “have eaten ready-to-eat dry rations and taken pride in being tough and enduring. The Viet Cong’s parched rice and the parched corn and jerky of American Indians and frontiersmen are given as examples. Kearny describes the development of the Jungle Ration of World War II. “We developed the Jungle Ration by having infantrymen engaged in rigorous jungle operations select the kinds and amounts of dry foods they preferred.... No effort was made to economize on costs or amounts of expensive components such as dried beef and dried a pricots, for we believed —Just as I still believe — that jungle infantrymen should be given excellent lightweight rations.” Kearny’s budget heresy would cause today’s Army bean counters to pale and swoon, but as Kearny correctly points out, “The cost of the best combat rations is a tiny fraction of the total cost of equipping, transporting, paying, and maintaining the soldiers who do
most of the fighting and dying....” Hear that commanders? Don’t buy copier paper, buy dry rations—fools.
The main components of the Jungle Ration were “...slightly salted dried beef, dried apricots, dried peaches, raisins, and pitted prunes, Grape-nuts, and hardtack... quite dense powdered whole milk, roasted salted peanuts, white sugar, and hard candy.... Small packets of lemon powder fortified with vitamin C, a chocolate or cocoa powder, salt, pepper, and several other seasonings.... A can opener, matches, toilet paper and cigarettes....”
[Take note of that last item all you anti-tobacco freaks in the chain of command. Tobacco —^ is one of the real infantryman’s only pleasures, aside from alcohol — I propose a campaign to restore the Rum Ration — and I believe the removal of cigarettes from rations was a deliberate move by our
not display his Jungle Ration for General Stilwell’s consideration while the logistics of the CBI campaign were being planned.
While we’re on the subject of rations, MREs are now politically correct, with “vegan,” Jewish and Arab friendly “menus.” No one has explained why this is desirable.
Boots
N
“The cost of the best combat rations is a
ext to food, the infantryman’s eternal lament is his boots. Garrison soldiers believe boots should look snappy and hold a good spit shine.
Infantrymen want boots that fit and are durable and comfortable. The sadists at Natick Labs go to ex-
tiny fraction of the to- traordinary lengths ;	r	•	•	to ensure infantry-1
tal cost ot equipping, men are issued pre-
transporting, paying,
and maintaining the Personally, I never
prissy, oh-so social- soldiers who do most cared for the Tropical conscience garrison	.	Combat boot (jungle
soldier Destroyers to of the fighting and dy- boot). The upper was
cripple the morale of in„ Hear that com- too short, the leather field — read real —	®	lowers, once wet,
soldiers.]	manders? Don’t buy never dried, the sole
How was the con:er nanpr kllv <lrv was to° hard> and Jungle Ration issued? P ^ P P > Y *Y that damned metal In 10-ration water- rations — fools.	plate always cracked.
The only thing I liked about them was
proof boxes contain- «■«___« ing cans of ration items. The cans were opened and ration items were packed into the “six to eight” cotton, rubber lined, waterproof Food Bags (designed by Kearny, samples of which are rrii/waterproof today) each man was issued. Each ration provided almost 4,000 calories (an MRE provides a whopping 1,300 calories). Like anything else beneficial to the infantry, the Army bureaucracy, in the official guise of “influential nutritionists” at the Army Subsistence Research Sc Development Laboratory, felt compelled to destroy anything not developed by their own civilian infested collective. Kearny’s Jungle Ration was phased out by 1943, being replaced by SR&DL’s own execrable K-Ration. Merrill’s Marauders suffered chronic malnutrition eating them because Kearny was ordered to
that they did shed mud and had decent traction on wet clay ground, which cannot be said about any other Army boot. Kearny, at his own expense, got the Army to accept the Panama sole for its jungle boots. (He signed away any rights and royalties to the mud shedding “Panama Sole” to the two German Jews who perfected the vulcanization process of securing soles to uppers — the design wasn’t his anyway; the “Panama Sole” was designed by one of his NCOs in Panama.) I can attest to the Panama Sole’s effectiveness. My first pair of jungle boots had Vibram soles. They may as well have been issued with flat soles for all the traction they provided. Speaking of flat soles on jungle boots, “cool guys” on SF HALO Teams like to get flat soles put on their boots. Style points count
92
Vol. V, No. 1
The RESISTER
for everything on a HALO Team, as most HALO Teams are useless on the ground anyway because they spend all their training time practicing the infiltration technique. Looking good is more important than being competent in today’s Special Forces.
Here’s one of the infuriating gems you’ll find in Jungle Snafus... And Remedies. Kearny conducted wear tests on issue jungle boot soles versus soles made of “modern truck tire rubber.’’ He abraded both types on coarse sandstone: “[A] lug made of modern truck tire mbber wore down about half as much as did the lug of a current Panama Sole... One of the reasons for this inferior durability [of the issue jungle boot] is the Army’s requirement that boot soles be made of rubber that doesn't leave marks on barrack and other floors. [Emphasis added.] Another victory for pretty-boys and garrison soldiers at the expense of field soldiers.
As I write this I have next to me a pair of Malaysian jungle boots 1 bought 10 years ago for my field kit. They are almost identical to the US Army’s World War II jungle boot described in Jungle Snafus... And Remedies. Both have 12 inch high uppers of permeable cotton duck extending to the soles which allows water and sweat to run out, and the soles are made of rubber. They weigh 2 lb 14 oz.. The jungle boots I wore my last year until retirement weigh 3 lb, 12 oz. If you don’t think one pound of boot weight makes a difference while you’re humping, you’re not an infantryman. As Kemey points out, “one pound on a soldier’s feet causes him to expend four times as much energy when walking off roads as when carrying one pound on his back over the same rough terrain.’Tt doesn’t do any good to say “I told you so.” Officers go deaf after they get their eagle, and the faculties of generals fail one-by-one as their number of stars increase.
By far the best pair of boots I was ever issued were the “rough side out” desert boots of Desert Scam fame (3 lb, 8 oz.). Zero break-in time, pliable, and so comfortable that I now wear them around town without socks. It was, of course, forbidden to wear them in uniform unless one was authorized the wear of full Desert BDU.They’re not black, you see, and can’t be shined pretty.
Weapons
Kearny begins his chapter “AK-47 Versus M-16...with his frustration at being unarmed in a Saigon hotel during the first night of the *68 Tet Offensive: “[N]either American civilians... nor American military personnel in Saigon who were notwith combat units were permitted to have firearms. If armed, somebody might get shot.”
“...I talked with the range officer in com-
my A KM. Consider the reality; the AK-47 was designed for Russian peasants living under primitive field conditions. It has sloppy tolerances so even if the ammo gets greasy, corroded, or dirty—it still shoots. Bury it in the mud—it still shoots. Throw it around, abuse it, don’t clean it for weeks in the field — it still shoots. Its magazines are heavy, robust and reinforced. And, as “1“ Kearny points out, even if by some chance a cartridge does get stuck in the
(Sound familiar,	j	\	r\	j*	chamber,	it has its
guys? Generals are mand« an Army 0rd‘- cleaning rod deathly afraid of fire-	nance colonel. He
arms.) After the first n .i r i j	r*
night’s festivities he	forbade any fir-
wandered into the ing test comparing the street to collect AK-	. ,	.	»
47 cartridge cases. M-IO With the AlV-
“To my surprise, that 47.” For good reason; 4,1(15111 A^»I d Pick enemy ‘brass’ was	,	.	the AK without a
dirty, coated with a SUCh a comparison moment’s hesitation.
cosmoline-like might have demoral- An<*so w°jjld just grease.”That discov- .	?	i	• r	about every field sol-
ery would have sur- izcd the infantry; many dier I know.
attached under the barrel so the stuck case can be quickly knock out. Given the choice between an M-16 (any variant)
portunity arose
ery
prised no GI who’d fought zipperheads in the jungle. “On examining those greasy, dirty, Chinese-made AK-47 cartridge cases...,”
Kearny realized that,
“Only the traditional "1	“
refusal of Army Ordinance to copy and improve superior foreign weapons can explain why Americans in Vietnam did not have improved Kalashnikov-type rifles....” After doing what any reasonable man would do in such circumstances, stealing a 1911-Al, he reflected upon “howdifficult it is to dislodge resolute infantrymen from a city.
As I write this, I am reflectingon the A KM resting on my lap. (The neatest thing about writing this review is that I can retrieve from any given comer of my house one of the items Kearny discusses in his book and have it before me as I describe his evaluation of it.) I’ve had the M-16 inflicted upon me almost my entire time in the Army, and I’ve owned several AR-15s which I held on to just long enough to trade for something useful. But never would I trade away
Of whom	Kearny	recounts
numerous cases or the unhesitatingly armed M-16 jamming dur-
themselves with AK- “6 fights from
Viet Nam to Desert
47s whenever the Op- Scam. While in Viet
Nam to evaluate issued jungle equip-ment	and
recommend re-adoption of his World War II innovations, Kearny proposed a comparative firing test between the M-16 and AK-47 when subjected to the muck and grime of typical infantry combat. “...I talked with the range officer in command, an Army Ordinance colonel. He flatly forbade any firing test comparing the M-16 with the AK-47.” For good reason; such a comparison might have demoralized the infantry, many of whom unhesitatingly armed themselves with AK-47swhenever the opportunity arose. “Depressing,” Kearny observes, “how American ego and the interests of Army Ordinance and of project- seeking private organizations usually keep us from copying obviously superior foreign weapons and equipment.” I think it’s simpler than that: The chain of command hates us.
Take the M-60 machine-gun. One of the Great Lies told to the in-
fan try is that the M-60 "copied design features from the German MG-42" (now called the MG-3 — note that the same LMG has been in continuous use by the Wehrmacht and Bundeswehr since 1942). The only design feature on the M-60 copied from the MG-42 is the feed-tray pawls. The rest of the M-60 is pure Ordinance stupidity. Infantrymen call the M-60 "The Pig* due to its legendary unreliability. It is now being replaced by the M-240, a modish looking copy of the Belgian MAG-58, which is notorious for its side-plate failures. Meanwhile, real infantrymen continue to pine after the excellent and combat proven MG-3.
Then, there's the RPG-7. Anybody who has used the RPG-7 during side-by-side comparisons between it and the LAW and AT-4 spits on the AT-4; the LAW being simply beneath contempt. During Viet N am, several attempts were made to convince Ordnance to copy the RPG-7. Even General Westmoreland, after he became Army Chief of Staff, advocated copying the RPG-7. “To no avail!", writes Kearny. “No one has succeeded in persuading Army Ordinance to ‘reverse engineer’ the RPG-7 or the more recently produced PRG-16." Why does Ordnance refuse to copy obviously superior foreign weapons? Kearny doesn't say it; and he may, for all I know, not even believe it. But the reason the US Army does not copy and adopt superior foreign weapons is because procurement officers would not get cushy retirement jobs in the “defense" industry that insists on foisting its second-rate trash on the Army with the collusion of those same procurement officers.
Jungle Sanfus... And Remedies cover* many other subjects of concern to infantrymen including, flotation bladders, backpackable boats, machetes and knives, compasses, insect repellents, rain gear, load carrying equipment, and individual medical kits. In short, those things that improve the lot of the infantryman, instead of the career of some mid-grade pencil-neck bureaucrat.
Kearny optimistically believes the Army's unwillingness to copy obviously superior foreign weapons, or adopt truly useful infantry equip-
ment, is due to bureaucratic inertia. He still has faith in “the System." I think the failure to adopt superior infantry weapons and equipment is due to a civilian run “system" of institutionalized corruption characterized by their abiding loathing of anything that will strengthen our Army. I’ve been forced to use Natick Labs' equipment, and I always swore I'd get my revenge. This review is not what I have in mind.
Jungle Snafus...
And Remedies should be required reading for all company grade officers and senior noncommissioned officers. Preferably before they receive their mandatory lobotomies at Command and General Staff College and Advanced NCO Academy. Who knows? Perhaps they’ll retain some dim, disjointed memory of it.
NUKES AREN’T SO BAD
A Brief Word
Remember the Communist “peace" and antinuclear movements? You know, the ones whose scripts were written in Moscow and were largely financed by the Rockefeller Foundation. (Gee, I wonder why.) One blathering mouth attached to the body of a propagandist masquerading as a scientist called Carl Sagan figured prominently, spreading doom and gloom about “nuclear winter" and other fantastic nonsense to a doltish generation (which now “governs” us, by the way) of mush-minds raised by the Telescreen because their parents were too busy “finding themselves." Stupid females pushed prams stuffed with their little beasts wearing skeleton masks, while morons called “clergy" waved signs demanding that America prostrate itselfbefore its Communist enemies as a sign of “good faith." I used to spit on nuclear demonstrators. Mrs. Barry constantly reminds
me that it is illegal to shoot those kinds of people.
I’ve always been fascinated with nuclear weapons. Talk about the ultimate expression of man’s control of fire! At an early age I consumed the Defense Department book “Effects of Nuclear Weapons." In school I always protested the body lined hallway “duck and cover" drills that seemed designed to ensure everybody became “One with the rubble.” And the vacant lots around our house (too close to Offutt AFB) were dotted with my ten foot deep shelters, cave bored and richly stocked with purloined canned goods. My classmates always whined the Commie mantra they were taught by our dimwit anti nuclear women teachers, “Who’d want to survive a nuclear war?” I’d respond, “ME! You IDIOT!” At West Point I had to go to projectionist training so I could repair the training films about nukes and how to survive the “nuclear battlefield" I wore out. So when I received my review copy of Nuclear War Survival Skills I dropped everything and consumed it also.
Fact and Fantasy
One the things I learned read ing “Effects of Nuclear Weapons” at a tender age was that nuclear war is survivable. To be sure, the devastation would be massive in the major cities, and around military facilities. Military facilities are natural targets and we should lament their inevitable loss. However, I never could quite figure out how having, say, Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, or Washington D.C. get sucked up into a temporary mini-sun could be described as a “tragedy* given that cities are where the majority of our national Problems reside in the first place. Unfortunately, most of those Problems have massive shelters into which they can retreat at first warning, from which they will issue greasy laments while urging the rest of us to remain calm. Problems have
I used to spit on nuclear demonstrators. Mrs. Barry constantly reminds me that it is illegal to shoot those kinds of people.
The RESISTER
a nasty habit of ensuring their own taxpayer funded survival.
But what if, when the Problems emerged from their shelters, they found that most of their victims had also survived and, well, didn’t need them any more; indeed, our Problems found us waiting for them to emerge? Although Kearny is by no means a political commentator, and probably disagrees with my considerable distrust of “well intentioned” government, the mere fact that nuclear war is survivable has been one of the most diligently suppressed bits of knowledge in America. I mean, the Communist led antinuclear “movement” and the Establishment media can’t be contradicted, can they? Their concerted antinuclear propaganda campaign was intended to both debilitate civil defense, and instill “...the acceptance by most Americans of one or both of two false beliefs....” First, “that nuclear war would be such a terrible catastrophe that it was an unthinkable impossibility.” Second, that, “if a nuclear war were to break out, it would be the end of mankind.” Kearny dismisses both beliefs with objective proof in Nuclear War Survival Skills.
When the first edition of Nuclear War Survival Skills appeared in 1979, Jimmy Carter’s newly created Federal Emergency Management Administration (FEMA) snapped up thousands of copies—and did nothingvnAi them. Yet, if you made any effort on your own to learn how to protect yourself you were branded a “survivalist” or an “extremist” and were (and still are) considered a positive menace. Building a nuclear shelter was (and still is) considered “antigovemment.” Laying in enough food and water to survive was (and still is) called “hoarding.”
Meanwhile, the Establishment’s propaganda mills continued to churn out nuclear war doom and gloom in rhythm with Communist shrieks that America disarm. What were our nomenklatura's allies in Moscow and Peking doing at the same time? Teaching their peasants how to survive a nuclear war. “The dangers from nuclear weapons have been distorted and exaggerated for varied reasons,” Kearny writes. “These exaggerations have become demoralizing myths, believed by millions of Americans.”
Demoralizing America was, and still is policy. That policy was called Mutually Assured Destruction, which meant, given that our nomenklatura's Communist allies completely ignored with a wink and a nod from our own “government” any and all limitations treaties, today, MAD stands for Mostly Americans Die. Our deaths in any nuclear exchange, you see, is still official! policy. Our “government” really does hate us.
Because our “government” hates us and wants us to die in any nuclear exchange, we should hate them back by surviving in order to exact our revenge against them for their policies which were intentionally designed to kill us.
And surviving a nuclear war is what] Nuclear War Survival Skills is all about. But before you can survive a nuclear war you need to know what you’re really up against (besides “government”). Chapter 1, “The Dangers from Nuclear Weapons: Facts and Myths,” puts the lie to the propaganda weVe been spoon fed by our domestic enemies and their approved media for two generations.
Just a few choice examples. It is a myth that fallout radiation would poison everything and everyone (the “On the Beach” propaganda). The fact is that radiation from fallout decays rapidly, and in all but the most extreme cases, it would be completely safe to emerge from shelters and start rebuilding within days of the blast. It is a myth that in “the worse-hit parts of Hiroshima and Nagasaki... everyone was killed by blast, radiation, or fire.”The fact is that despite the Jap’s opportunistic exploitation of the Hologuilt industry, conventional earth covered pole shelters 100 yards from ground zero remained essentially undamaged, and their occupants, although burned by the entering blast wind, largely survived. (Almost everybody in large earth shelters, even those without blast doors, up to 500 yards away lived, “even though... deep inside the zone within which all buildings were destroyed.”)
It is a myth that nuclear warfare will result in an unsurvivable “nuclear winter” that makes extinct all life on earth. The fact is that this is Communist propaganda, foisted upon a rendered-stupid-by-government-education-and-drooling-fore-the-Telescreen American public by Parade magazine and the unrelenting Establishment media through “popular (nowmercifufly dead) astronomer” Carl Sagan and his Soviet “scientist” buddies.
There’s much more. Ozone depletion? Nope. Food and water poisoned? Nope. Destruction proportional to the size of the warhead? Nope. “Overkill?” Nope. Sorry to shatter your morbid fantasies, but you can live through a nuclear war and thrive afterwards. Why doesn’t “government” tell you this? Our nomenklatura has a vested interest in your demise; they prefer you don’t live through a nuclear war. Kearny does...
...And He Tells You How
Kearny’s singular genius is explaining in plain English not only what you need to do to survive a nuclear war, but how to improvise those means necessary in short order from readily available materials. He gathered this information while working as a civil defense researcher at Oak Ridge Laboratory. He extensively studied the civil defense preparations of the Soviet Union, Communist China, Switzerland and Sweden, and designed and tested practical, do-it-yourself survival equipment and improvised shelters.
Chapter 5, “Shelter, the Greatest Need,” is particularly helpful as it contains a detailed description of the different types of radiation and their effects and the types and densities of shielding needed for protection. The three types of radiation are alpha, beta, and light-like gamma. Three feet of earth is needed to provide protection from 999 out of1000 gamma
...MAD stands for Mostly Americans Die. Our deaths in any nuclear exchange, you see, is still official policy. Our “government” really does hate us.
rays, although almost any kind of shelter will provide protection from alpha and beta radiation fallout particles. Contrary to popular myths about radiation fallout, beta particles penetrate only about ten feet in air, and one-eighth inch of nearly any shielding provides sufficient protection. The greatest danger from beta radiation is contact with fresh (less than several days old) beta contaminated food (ingestion) and fallout particles in direct contact with the skin (beta bums). Alpha radiation is by far the least harmfiil, being unable to penetrate unbroken skin. (Plutonium, billed by the Establishment propaganda machine as the "most poisonous substance in existence” emits alpha radiation. You can hold a lump of plutonium in your hand in complete safety.) The only danger from alpha radiation is ingesting alpha contaminated food and water, or inhaling alpha particles.
Given the above facts about radiation, even simple expedient shelters provide adequate protection from die initial burst of gamma "light” and excellentprotection from fallout radiation. This protection is increased by constructing expedient blast shelters. Kearny provides plans for several types of tested and proven expedient blast shelters. These expedient blast shelters were built and blast tested in Defense Nuclear Agency blast tests, and their occupants "could survive uninjured in extensive blast areas where fallout shelters would not prevent deaths and injury.” As if to underscore the institutionalized incompetence of our federal agencies, Keamy warns that none of the "permanent home or family shelters described in official OCD, DCPA or FEMA free shelter-building instruction pamphlets have been built for evaluation and/or testing....” That figures.
Nuclear War Survival Skills has numerous plans for the excellent and practical improvised equipment needed for shelter survival. One such device is the homemade shelter-ventilating pump. 1 spent a large part of my military service as a sniper, and speaking from direct personal experience lean tell you that living in a hole in the ground (a "hide”) sucks. It's hot, it's dirty, and the air inside gets very stale, very fast. Adequate
ventilation is a priority in underground living, not only to circulate the air, but to remove the humidity that results from people living together in what can most politely be de-
Oy is recommended. The 1988 price is $1,100. Or, you can make your own dose rate meter for about 17 (1988) “dollars.” It’s another of Kearny’s inventions called, appropriately,
Plutonium, billed by the Establishment propaganda machine
scribed as cramped as the “most poisonous JJje
quarters. Keamy de-	.	r .	„	Meter (KFM). A
signed a most useful substance in existence KFM is more accu-
expedient device emits alpha radiation, th™ most civil
r	detense instruments,
You can hold a lump and its accuracy is
of plutonium in your f
r	J	lished by the laws or
hand in complete physics... provided it
Sflfpfv	is made and main’
''	tained according to the
instructions.” [Origi-
known, appropriH ately, as the Kearny Air Pump (KAP), the largest version of which will circulate 11,000 cubic feet of air per	minute I
through a large base-ment shelter.
Remembering that fallout gamma radiation has a deep and penetrating “glow,” it is vital to know what dose of radiation you are receiving. Using the plans in Nuclear War Survival Skills it’s a cinch to survive a nuclear weapon’s blast, but fallout will emit persistent radiation, and only "an accurate, dependable fallout meter will enable survivors to answer... life-or-death questions” about when, and for how long, it is safe to leave the shelter. Radiation is measured in dose rates, and the amount of radiation you are absorbing must be known with certainty. For this you need both a dosimeter, which measures the total dose you’ve absorbed, and a dose rate meter, which tells you how quickly you’re absorbing it. (50% of people who are exposed to a dose of 350 roentgens over a few days will die.) If you can afford only one instrument it should be the dose rate meter. It is simply a matter of calculation and record keeping to determine the total dose received over a given time, which is all the dosimeter does.
Surplus dose rate meters are available on the market. Just one problem. They don’t work. "I learned,” Kearny reports, "that the manufacturing company [that sold its instruments to the Office of Civil Defense] sold to the public its instruments that did not pass Government quality tests.” Most models sold to government are equally unreliable. The solution is obvious—buy foreign. The Universal Survey Meter RD-10 manufactured in Finland by Ain or
nal emphases.] And it doesn’t require batteries. Detailed plans are provided in Nuclear War Survival Skills.
Conclusion
B
oth Jungle Snafus... And Remedies, and Nuclear War Survival Skills, are remarkable books and should be apermanent part of everyone’s home library. Only if you are concerned, that is, with proven combat equipage, and surviving nuclear war. Professional soldiers should be concerned with Jungle Snafus... And Remedies, while civilians should be concerned with Nuclear War Survival Skills. Citizen soldiers should be concerned with both.
THE SIEGE
Smearing the White American Male
Soldier
eL .by
Bettina McCann Researcher, The Resister
With Introduction by SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Watching Between the Frames
Five days before Veterans Day, on 06 November 1998, “The Siege," an Establishment propaganda vehicle intended to rehabilitate the FBI’s image, was inflicted upon us.The FBI is presented as protectors and defenders of the Constitution and the unalienable rights of man. Never mind that in reality the FBI has become our version of the Soviet Ministertsvo Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti (MGB, Ministry of State Security). Ignore the fact that some of the “crimes” the FBI investi-
tates are Communist inventions.
conomic “crimes," including businesses that have become “too big" and protecting one’s money from confiscation, and political “crimes," like exercising your freedom of association, and having disapproved
thoughts, Le., “hate____”	(fill in
the blank). And turn a blind eye to the FBI’s internal security army, the Hostage Rescue Teams. Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain, pulling the levers to the FBI’s smiley face.
The Siege sparked numerous protests by Arab activist groups, chief among them the Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR). I can’t help but wonder if that (besides put-tingafresh coat of paint over the FBI’s political rot) wasn r the whole idea for producing The Siege, given that Zionists are in complete control of Hollywood, and produce or underwrite the vile anti-white, anti-American,
anti-Christian frith that issues from that cesspool. Consider this quote from Ben Stein (who views this as a positive development), in the 17 November 1998 Washington Times:
“The Secretary of State is Jewish, the Secretary of Defense is half-Jewish, the Secretary of the Treasury is the only one who’s Jewish and admits he’s Jewish.
We have many Jewish senators and congressmen. The head of every major Hollywood studio is Jewish.
The heads of all the networks are Jewish.
The heads of two out of the four national newspapers are Jewish. The heads of every Ivy League university are Jewish." [Emphasis added.]
So, what happened to nationalism, national defense, and constitutional money? What “laws” have their congressmen and senators created that cannot be traced to Communist ideology? Name a recent motion picture that is not cultural Marxist (politically correct) propaganda. Name a television program or newspaper that does not editorially promote homosexuality, promiscuity, “diversity," multicukuralism, feminism, environmentalism or atheism. Name an Ivy League university that does not openly promote Bolshevism.
You can not. Jewish Bolshevik complicity in America’s destruction is becoming just a tad too obvious to ignore (even though it’s forbidden to mention it). Also, the holocaust and “persecution" industries are starting to run out of victims, and the blackmail and looting of Europe by the World Jewish Congress is starting to attract attention to the activities of the “persecuted." Time for a new threat to imbed our national attention elsewhere. Arabs are convenient.
Why, you might reasonably ask, would Arab terrorists have any reason to attack America? You’re forbidden to realize that if America simply cast adrift its welfare province, Israel, Arab terrorism in America would stop overnight. But, an end to Arab terrorism would be counterproductive, wouldn’t it? After all, Israel, our best ally against fanatic Arab terrorists, is the origin of Arab terrorism. Therefore, reason our nomenklatura, we need more Arab terrorism in America. Or at least exacerbate the conditions for it while heightening “public awareness, which is why Islamic terrorists were the U.S.	State
Department’s designated bogeymen of counter-terrorism “legislation” in 1995. Terrorism, you see, creates laws and agencies to combat it. It creates population control measures. It creates tyranny. Which suits Tel Aviv-on-Potomac, its New York nomenklatura, and its Hollywood propaganda agencies just fine.
And what better way to secure that objective than by casting one of the effects of Zionism — Islamic terrorism — as the cause not only to redeem the (justifiably sullied) reputation of our internal security police in the minds of the drooling peasantry, but also by inciting militant political unrest among Arabs in America in order to instigate the very situation depicted in The Siege?
The Siege is seen by some as a “trial balloon" to gauge public reaction to a martial law scenario. It was a trial balloon all right, but not in that sense.
...should martial law ever be declared in America, it will merely be enforced by the military. Martial law will run by, and its commissars will be, our freshly whitewashed FBI.
The real trial balloon is to gauge public reaction to ever increasing population control measures versus martial law to combat "domestic terrorism. Better, we are expected to believe, to have an omnipresent federal internal security apparatus embodied in the constantly expanding, "diverse” and ‘tolerant4 FBI. This is for “public” safety; or, more precisely, the safety of our nomenklatura. Our government really does hate us.
1 predict that, should martial law ever be declared in America, it will merely be enforced by the military. Martial law will run by, and its commissars will be, our freshly whitewashed FBI. That, gentle reader, was the message ofThe Siege. [SMB]
The Plot
and the villainous Army. The Arab terrorists are but shills for the FBI whitewash.
The Players
T
‘here are four factions in The Siege. The first faction is the multiracial, multicultural, kinder, gentler, Constitution conscious FBI. Their leader is "African-American” Anthony "Hub” Hubbard (played by N egro actor Denzel Washington), head of the joint FBI/ NYPD terrorism task force. He is
sensitive, determined _____________
and the very beacon
tion). She is not a major character but she dominates several important scenes as the Choir. In one scene she is asked what group would likely be the suspects after the first terrorist bombing. Hub asks her, “Sounds political, do you think it’s militia?” She quickly responds, “No, not their style.”
CUT!
W
hat style would that be? What examples are they using? We’re not told — and not expected to ask those questions.
A
re you prepared for a journey into the suspension of disbelief, the propagandized and
of morality. Not only Trailer shown just be- Notethe default,,-does he save New	J	sumption that politi-
York City from the fore the playing ofThe cal “crime” must be
film’s villain, he saves c- An anti-domes- attributablet0“mili" The Children too.	An	ann	aomes	tias” unless proven
In the first Chil- tic terrorism instruc- otherwise, and the ess-	•	11 default assumption
the tor has new neighbors. on thc 1thc
dren scene he successfully negotiates
scene, he makes a dllCtive. The same type And while were daring charge into a r «	•	j	on	the	subject,	stop
classroom of white people, the antl-do- for a second and feel
folitically correct world of release ofthe children They are white, lollywood's "Silver Screen?” Arab ontheillfatedbus.In •jji i j terrorist cells set out on a series of I th^econ^Childrci^n^n^l^elas^an^pr^^ suicide bombings in New York City I after a fundamentalist sheik (suspected mastermind of a recent major bombing in Beirut) is covertly abducted and taken prisoner by the US Army. The terrorists, remnants of a CIA net abandoned following a "policy change,” take serious personal I heroically shoots the objection to bang betrayed and bring terrorist dead and the war home to their betrayers.	I saves the innocent
Their objections are punctuated I children. Where was by the bombing of a city bus (with I this guy during passengers), a Broadway theater filled with "the cultural elite” of New York (in retrospect, an act of kindness to-
part
FBI that militias are terrorist organizations.
children held hostage by a bomb and gun wielding terrorist. Single handed, he
mestic terrorism instructor tells his students, who make up American “extremist” groups.
Waco? L
Hub’s sidekick is Frank, a “Lebanese-American” agent (played by ward Americans, not terrorism), and I Tony Shalhoub). Frankprovides a few
the FBI headquarters in New York I one-liners, is pretty much supportive
■ ^	•	O-	—	-	-	-	a	-	• _ _ _	- _ _ / AA 1 _ ^ J I ft t IS* • a. •	/*
City which results in some 600 dead. President Clinton then invokes the War Powers Act and martial law is declared in NY City. Arab men be tween the ages of 14-30 (the age group of the suspected terrorists) are rounded up and interned in Madison Square Garden and held for interrogation.
The play within the play is the running dialogue between our FBI heroes, CIA pragmatists and Army "extremists" about Constitutional and ethical conflicts. What the plot boils down to is thc heroic and noble FBI versus the Machiavellian CIA
of Hub, and his ethnicity is one of many safety valves used in this movie | to ameliorate criticism of Arabs in the story. Not all goes well for Frank. He becomes personally "victimized” by martial law when his teenage son is taken from his home and interned with the rest of the 14-30 year old males of Arab extraction who fit the terrorist profile. He gives up his badge and declares he will no longer be the Bureau’s "sand nigger”. Later, at Hub’s insistence, he takes back his badge and helps get the bad guys.
There is also an "Asian-American” female agent named Tina (no rela-
(since movies are designed to evoke feelings, not thought) which Establishment media created image the word “militia” conjures. That’s right! — white, male, “racist,* Christian, “anti-government extremists.” So when our Negro hero asks, “Sounds political, do you think it’s militia?”, he is not asking another actor for an analysis, he’s imbedding that image, and that feeling,, in the moviegoer. And when our female Asian domestic terrorism analyst answers, “No, not their style,” she’s not denying that image, she’s cementing it in the audiences’ mind.
It was a quick scene that presented the smear as a fact. That dialogue, having been delivered by a "multiracial” cast, further imbeds the image. That scene, working off an Establishment media created image, and thc way it played to the audience, was thc work of a professionalbnm washer.
Stay tuned, moviegoers. “Coming soon” to a theater near you is “Arling-
The RESISTER
ton Ave." Trailer shown just before the playing of The Siege: An anti-domestic terrorism instructor has new neighbors. They are white, middle class and productive. The same type of people, the anti-domestic terrorism instructor tells his students, who make up American ‘extremist” groups. And (gasp!) it develops that the head of this new family on the block is an engineer of some sort who secretly is a domestic terrorist with plans to blowup a government building.
Don’t bother going to see it. You already know how it ends.
Before 1 leave our multiracial FBI heroes I must add, in all fairness, that among all the ethnic looking agents there is one who is a white male with blond hair and blue eyes (they even give him some speaking lines, too!). He is “Michael.” A little slow, not very articulate, a bumbler. He blows the tail on an Arab bagman in an Arab community in Brooklyn by his obvious appearance and blatant behavior. But he tried, real hard.
I guess the producers — perhaps at the insistence of the FBI—wanted this character in the film to prove that the FBI is an equal opportunity employer.
She Means Well!
Faction two, the CIA, consists of one Arab underground and an unsupervised, white female case officer named Elise/Sharon whose specialty is the Arab world and whose forte is bartering her body for information.
As it develops, she worked a network in Iraq training insurgents to destabilize Saddam during the Gulf War. Part of the training she provided was making bombs! Oddly enough, bombs with the same firing device signatures found in the NYC Arab terrorist devices. (Bombs do have “signatures.” Bombers tend to get complacent by using components and firing devices that worked the last time. That is the main reason they get caught.)
The CIA is portrayed, through Elise/Sharon’s behavior, as contrivers and trouble makers. This is predictable given both the FBI's new coat of whitewash and the historical antagonism between the FBI and CIA.
Particularly ludicrous is the notion that fundamentalist Arabs would have accepted terrorist training from a woman, let alone work in a net organized by one. Never mind that she can't keep her legs closed.
This Elise/Sharon creature is the Frankenstein creation of feminist notions of the ulti-mate female. She is
world and the FBI’s only solid lead. Shadir represents the voice and conscience of the terrorists. He is given several soliloquies that explain the plight of being Arab in a Zionist scripted American “foreign policy.” In his final scene he says, “You believe money is power. Beliefis power! Now ________ you have to learn the
consequences of try-
unattractive, coarse, There was obviously a h*g to tell the world foul mouthed, abra-	,	L—ga11— *
sive, squirms with quota system at work pleasure at the
thought of lesbian gang-rape in prison when Hubbard threatens to arrestl her, and she sticks her butt in the air for any man who is not white.
Every inch of her being is antiwoman. On the outside, her apparel consists of the most drab, masculine and appalling clothes imaginable — she looks like an advertisement for a J. Crew catalogue. Her hairstyle is best described as nouveau concentration camp.
With a female of this description, would it be possible and or logical that she would be a CIA agent who is sent into the Arab world to recruit, train and seduce Arab men? There was obviously a quota system at work when they picked the “heroes” and “heroines” for this movie.
Arabs: Villains or Foils?
Faction three is the Arab terrorists. One is expected to assume these characters are the villains. Superficially, they must be because they are the ones doing the suicide bombings. Then, there is the hue and cry from movie reviewers that the portrayal of the Arabs in the movie was not fair to “Arab Americans.” (Ignore the fact that the terrorists were not Americans.)
I'm going out on a limb here and dare to suggest that the terrorists are not the true villains. Let’s just say payback for betrayal (a “change of policy”) is a mother-you-know-what. In fact, they are treated with kid gloves and the movie gives them a vehicle to explain themselves.
This is accomplished mainly through Elise’s mount, Shadir, who is also her “cut-out” with the Arab
when they picked the "heroes” and "heroines” for this movie.
howto live.’
I’m rather surprised the “heads of every major Hollywood studio” let that line stay in the script, given that the Arabs haven't yet been bled yellow and bred down by decades of international banker inspired wars. Can you imagine a white man saying that — after four generations of pointless wars in which our strongest and bravest were slaughtered — and meaning it? (The only men I’ve met lately are SFU operators. They are our last nope, ladies.)
The terrorist bombing scenes are treated rather abstractly. A little strange coming from an R rated Hollywood film. There is only one scene that gives a tiny glimpse of the blood and carnage that could have come from any of the bombings. That scene is the theater bombing where a pretty brunette woman dressed in an evening gown (Lord, help us, I had to make that distinction) is stumbling around in shock from the explosion that blew off her left forearm.
Other than that, you see a few body bags, some destroyed structures, and a (tastefully done, slow motion) bus explosion, and that is just about it. Which raises the interesting question; “Why?” The answer is that the Arab terrorists are stage props. All they provide is the scenery against which the FBI acts out their redemptive morality play.
Evil White Men
:
action four is the Military. When “liberal” Holl^vood wants to establish a villain, they provide the chosen character with lines that have truth and merit and then make him do things that are evil. The brainwash you’re expected to take away with you is that
The KiLolo 1 HJv
what a truthful man says must therefore be eviL
“Liberal" Hollywood is very powerful and influential. For decades it has been the leading brainwashing tool in the liberalization of America. In the politically correct world of this monstrous cabal, the white American male soldier is not only the villain, but also the rationale for their loathsome intentions to miscegenate the white race.
Enter Major General William Devereaux (played by Bruce Willis). He is every inch the white male soldier — and therefore thevillain of the movie. Devereaux’s contrived villainy is established in his first dialog. The scene is with our Negro FBI hero, Hubbard, in his office after the bombing of the bus. Devereaux: “God, duty, honor, country. Around Capital Hill or Wall Street or Hollywood—heard anyone utter one of those phrases in the last ten years?"
I bet that must mean Devereaux is anti-Communist and (shudder!) patriotic, too. We know what kind of loose cannons “God, duty, honor and country" attract! Those are watchwords that embody our once homogeneous, strong, clean, incorruptible and non-politicized army.
Because of what these lines represent to “liberals" and the type of man who would espouse them, Hollywood deliberately puts these words in the mouth of Devereaux, thereby establishing this Pro-American, white male soldier as a villain.
As Devereaux’s villainous character is developed, preposterous situations are contrived to fit the design. Like a Major General torturing and executing a prisoner. Sorry, other people are paid to do that. This does happen in the movie however (during the martial law phase) and you even see him wipe off his bloody hands. (The torture and execution occur in a men’s room; why didn’t he just use the sink?)
The “liberal" movie makers’ fantasy of Devereaux torturing and killing an “Arab American" prisoner is then used as part ofDevereaux’s comeuppance when he is confronted with his evil doings by Beacon of Morality, Hubbard.
Bade to the first dialog scene. There is talk about the kidnapping of the terrorist group’s imam that sets the
whole assault on New York City in motion. The villain Devereaux denies to Saint Hubbard that the US has him, that he is “old news,” and that he heard he is “dead.” Consistent with establishing villainy, that’s a lie of course. Acting unilaterally, Devereaux had had the imam kidnapped and was holding him without the president’s knowledge.
So, Devereaux is to blame for the Arab terrorist revenge attacks. And the martial law that follows. Apparently, Hollywood wants you to believe that the Army has a TOE slot for “Cannon, Loose, White, Major General.”
“Retail sales are down 72%.” “Hate crimes are skyrocketing." Children are kept from going to school (there is always good with the bad) and the once busy streets are now silent because many have fled.
Two major bombings
would be involved in implementing martial law, one division (10,700 men), tanks, guns, helicopters, etc.. And even though he urges them not to consider this route, he does make it clear that if he is has to enforce martial law, “...we will hunt down the enemy, we will find the enemy and we will lull the enemy.” Hubbard" now takes his stand. He also is against the presence of the army on American streets, declaring it will only hamper the investigation and drive the criminals further underground, adding “...how can you fight a war against an enemy you can’t see?” Last up is Elise/ Sharon. She provides some information on how “cells” operate and how many there are (4).
As the Senate Intelligence Committee strategy session is well under way, so is the handiwork of the third
________________ cell.	This	time it is
the suicide car bomb-
with no reliefmsight. As Devereaux’s vil- “gof*e Brooklyn NewYorkers, 3tol	.	FBI headquarters,
are demanding ac- lainoUS character is de- (Grossly over done
iS 1	veloped, preposterous given the vehicle and
Shift now to an	r	> r r	amount ot explosives
emergency meeting situations are COI1- used.) Fate is sealed
of the Senate Intdli- ■lg g g §g design. “d	1
gence Committee	p	his division are un-
including Like a Major General leashed by the Presi-
Devereaux, Hubbard and Elise/Sharon.
The big question is will they stick with “the man on the ground” (the anointed FBI), or ^^ cross the line into martial law (the evil Army)? “Conventional law enforcement just isn’t up to the task” injects one member. “I hate to be the voice of doom but it keeps escalating. First a bus then a theater, what’s next?", says another. Then a pro and con debate over the use of armed force and martial law in which a senator (a well nourished, Southern white male, another Hollywood villain type, most likely is representing Jessie Helms) finally adds, “You can not fight a junk yard dog with ASPCA rules. What you do is you take the leash off your own bigger meaner dog."
Devereaux then adds he is against the use of American troops on American streets. “It will be noisy, it will be scary and it will not be mistaken for a VFW parade." He explains what
torturing and executing a prisoner. Sorry, other people are paid to do that.
dent. Armored vehicles and troops roll into the street, strategy is announced — Arab men in Brooklyn be-
______________ tween	the	ages	of	14-
30 are to be rounded up and interned to isolate the terrorists — and a cat and mouse game ensues between our multiracial FBI heroes, with assistance by feminist Elise/Sharon, against the white male soldier Devereaux in a race to get the so-call last cell. Devereaux acts swiftly and forcefully but then needs to spy on Hubbard and Elise/Sharon because they not only withhold information from him, they work against him. Then, The Siege gets bizarre.
First enter the multicultural New York City Mob protesting the detention of Arab men fitting the profile of the Arab terrorists.
We’re expected to swallow die contradiction of the Mob first demanding that “something” be done to end the terrorist threat, then protesting the logical actions and “human rights
abuses" necessary to counter that threat. The military is held to blame, naturally, for a civilian decision.
Then we’re expected to believe that the FBI and the federal courts (another set of heroes!) can operate in and interfere with martial law authority with impunity, to the point of arresting the commander.
Cultural Marxist Themes
Several themes underpin The Siege. First, gratuitous acceptance that America is, to use the latest cultural Marxist bromide, a “miring bowl" of races and cultures. Never addressed is why all these Arabs, with their alien religion and culture, are in America to begin with.
The answer of course is the immi- [ gration “reform" of 1965 that threw open the floodgates for a tidal wave of Southern hemisphere and Third World barbarian “immigrants.”This “diversity” is “celebrated” in the presentation of the multiracial multicultural FBI.
One thing that was very obvious and calculated in this film was the crude, dishonest and dirty treatment of the white American male soldier. (In fact, most whites in the film are portrayed as either bumbling, schem-in&or brutal oppressors.)
The white soldier is set up as a straw man and then knocked down by multiracial saviors. The white American male is the cultural Marxist (politically correct) villain and he is under attack from all quarters. Why? Because “liberals" and the “heads of every major Hollywood studio" hate what white men represent and fear that if white men ever wake up from the “diversity” and “tolerance" brainwash and decided to take action to reclaim what they created—and punish their Destroyers — the “ethnic cleansing" so desperately needed in America would make Bosnian Serb efforts look childish in comparison.
“God, Duty, Honor, Country" is put in Devereaux’s mouth by the filmmakers to establish him as a villain.
Another white American male soldier, General Douglas MacArthur (who was also villain ized by American Bolsheviks and their puppet Truman, for daring to speak about victory over Asian Communists after
50 years of service in the Army) used a similar phrase, “Duty, Honor, Country,” in his 12 May 1963 speech delivered to the Corps of Caaets at the United States Military Academy:
“Duty, Honor, Country — those hallowed words reverently dictate what you want to be, what you can be, what you will be. _______
They are rallying points to build courage when courage seems to fail, to regain faith when there seems to be little cause for faith, to create hope, when hope becomes for-
The white soldier is set up as a straw man and then knocked down by multiracial saviors. The white
iorm.. The unbehev- American male is the
ers will say they are cultural Marxist (po-but words, but a slo-	.	*	.
gan, but a flamboyant litically correct) villam
phrase. Every ped- an(J he unc|er attack ant, every dema-
gogue, every cynic,	from	all quarters.
every hypocrite, ev- wh ? Because “liber-ery troublemaker,	J
and, I am sorry to say, als” and the "heads of some others of an en-	______	i_r_ii-r
. , j.rr . ,	every	maior rlolly-
tirely different char-	J	J	J
acter, will try to down	wood Studio” hate
»h« whk.
ery and ridicule.”	sent and fear that if
But note also that ^ite men •"* Wake the screen writers up from the “diversity” and the “heads of every major Hollywood studio" have added
God to “Duty, Honor, Country."
Just as the latter are systematically trashed	while
Devereaux rationally executes his orders, so is the Christian God trashed along with them.
Once	again,
Hollywood’s pro-Communist, anti-Christian propaganda smear rears its Jewish Bolshevik head.
and “tolerance” brainwash and decided to take action to reclaim what they created — and punish their Destroyers — the “ethnic cleansing” so desperately needed in America would make Bosnian Serb efforts look childish in comparison.
And I’ll bet you didn’t even no-
tice.
FAVORED
An excerpt from the “Eugenic Manifesto. ”
For a free copy of the aEugenic Manifesto,”from which the below is an excerpt, please write to: P.O. Box 72, New Concord, KT 42076
ADVERTISEMENT
The subtitle of Darwin’s Origin of Species is “On the origin of species by means of natural selection or the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life”* The human race has evolved to its present state of intelligence and power because of “the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life.”* “Race”* is the central mechanism of evolution that has created all living things. “The preservation of favored races”* is a simple process to understand, but its effects over time arc awesome. If we examine the process, we find that at some stage in evolution we can observe a group of individuals of a single species which exist in an area segregated from other members of that same species. As a result of chance mutation, there occur genetic variations in some members of that segregated group. As the generations continue to reproduce, these genetic variations accumulate in the progeny of that segregated group. At first, the accumulated genetic variations do not make the segregated group different enough from the original species to justify calling the segregated group a new species or even a new “favored race”* of the original species. However, after many generations, the segregated group or tribe which had accumulated sufficient genetic differences would be called a new “race”* of the original species. Over time, these newly developed segregated races continue to accumulate genetic differences through chance mutation, variation, etc. The “favored”* variations increase the survivability of the “race”* which carries them.
Once this new “favored race”* has become different enough from the original species, it is called a new species. Hence the subtitle, “On the origin of species by means of natural selection or the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life.”* There is really no probability that the “races”*' would be equal. In fact, the whole notion runs directly counter to all evolutionary theory and to the whole science of biology.
Given the laws of biology, it would be a great surprise if the average strength or intelligence of one “race”* was found to be exactly equal to the average strength or intelligence of a different “race."* Despite the controversy surrounding “race,”* it is not particularly useful to know which “race”* happens, as the result of an accident of evolutionary development, to have greater average strength or greater average intelligence because one could not predict from this average that any particular individual member of one “race," was going to be superior or inferior to any particular individual member of a different “race.”* There arc superior and inferior, strong and weak, intelligent and unintelligent individuals in all “races."* Regardless of “racial”* averages, one would still have to judge each individual on the basis of individual merit without reference to the average of the group to which he happened to belong. Only by judging people as individuals, could we avoid injustice and enable all people to make the maximum contribution to society. There is no such thing as a superior “race"* per sc, in the sense that every member of one “race"* is superior to every member of another

■
-

“race.”*
^Neither is there such a thing as “racial”* equality in the sense that the average strength or intelligence of one “race”* is equal to the average strength or intelligence of every other “race.”* By judging people as individuals, one could perhaps identify a (superior) sociobiological class which might be a cross section of all “races”* although probably not in equal proportion. The only way you could have a [superior race] would be if a “favored race”* evolved into and became the next more highly evolved species above homosapiens, in which case it would become a superior species. Eugenics is a moral commitment not a racial affiliation and any “race”* that adopted a eugenic program could, given sufficient time, evolve into and become the next more highly evolved species above homo-sapiens. It is our hope that all “races”* will accept that moral responsibility and accomplish that objective, but it can not be accomplished within the political, philosophical and religious milieu of the 20th century.
*Origin Of Species, Charles Darwin
For a free copy of the “Eugenic Manifesto,** from which the above is an excerpt, please write to: P.O. Box 72, New Concord, KY 42076
The RESISTER
\i)\ r.in isr.Mi-M
IF NOT LE PEN, DECKERT OR
GRIFFIN, WHO?
IF NOT NOW, WHEN?
Probably “favored races”1 in South Africa are the most shocked by their rapid transformation from a First World to a Third World country in the blink of an eye. But the same thing is happening at a slower pace in the United States, Germany, Australia and France.
Actually, the collapse of civilization in cases where a more “favored race” is displaced by a less favored race should serve as a marvelous learning experience for the human race. Biology is important.
However, as the dominoes of civilization fall, Rhodesia, South Africa, etc., there must come a time and a person and a place and a political strategy to counter this collapse.
If those who protest this transformation from civilization to barbarism are imprisoned, others are deterred from speaking or from taking political counter measures, and civilization and the human race are doomed.
It seems like a shame the Griffin, Deckert and Le Pen had to risk going to prison for violating the Orwellian thought crime laws against “hate” literature, but what choice did they have? If the Lysenkoist democratic tyrannies in Paris, Bonn and London can stop us from talking about biology, next they will stop us from talking about science, economics, politics — there is no end. If they make it against the law for us to meet and talk, we can not save ourselves. It is just a question of time before they pass a law making everything we say against the law, and then we will all go to prison. I would rather go to prison while the country is composed of more “favored races” rather than waiting for it to be composed of less “favored races.”
However, I disagree with Deckert, Le Pen and Griffin on the point of strategy. Rather than dealing with meaningless terms like “black” or “white”, they should have simply quoted from Darwin’s Origin of Species and said that the real uncensored title is, On the Origin of Species By Means of Natural Selection or the Preservation of Favored Races in the Struggle for Life, When the Lysenkoist democratic tyrannies brought them for trial for “hate” literature, they could have pointed out that this was the real uncensored title. (Incidentally, you know what the government’s definition of “hate” literature is: It’s anything that the government would just hate to have you know. I found in book stores that three out of five published versions of Origin of Species have been censored, with the longer tide deleted from the tide page.) Could the Lysenkoist democratic tyrannies in Paris, Bonn, or London have put Le Pen, Deckert or Griffin in prison for simply telling the truth that anyone can verify by going to the library? Deckert would win if they imprisoned him or if they let him speak. Either way — Checkmate. Then the paper curtain — electronic curtain of media censorship would come down just like the Berlin Wall and Iron Curtain fell.
For further information on the suggested political strategy of the Eugenic Movement, please write for a free copy of the Eugenic Manifesto, PO Box 72, New Concord, KY, 42076 USA.
^Fromdjeojjgfng/tideofDarwinjs^Ojjjwo^ggcjg^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Vol V, No. 1
103
THE
PARTISAN
THE TIME FOR COMPLACENCY
f IS OVER!
in the struggle against tyranny, knowledge is your most powerfull weapon. At last there is a rational, objective, in-depth journal with cutting edge information dedicated to those who think freedom is worth fighting for.
The Partisan is a new magazine that satisfies a growing desire for a rational, objective, cutting edge publication dedicated to those Americans concerned with issues of individual freedom.
The Partisan will have an editorial policy of staunchly defending the entire Bill of Rights and not just the Second Amendment. Although The Partisan will take a no-compromise stand on moral and philosophical issues relating to freedom The Partisan wants to make it quite clear that it will not entertain nor tolerate any form of racism, Anti-Semitism, patriot mythology or conspiracy theory paranoia that has unfortunately tainted that part of our culture concerned with issues of freedom, survivial and firearms.
In addition to reviewing weapons and equipment The Partisan will also have articles on tactics, preparedness and fieldcraft. The Partisan intends to break new ground with its in-depth reporting on political and philosophical issues as they relate to individual freedom.
Name
Address____
City / State__ Zip / Country
* ---------
Yes, Fm ready to join in the fight for freedom. Please send me a one year (four issues) subscription to The Partisan for the introductory rate of only $ 19.95. (cash or check only)
The Partisan P.O. Box 1085 DEPT.TR Longmont, CO. 80502
WWW.PARTISAN.COM OR UZI1@FRII.COM
104
Vol. V, No. 1