o? .	**	*^r	^	'	!T	".	•	-	*
These so-tailed governments are in reality only great hands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert.
Lysander Spooner, 1869
The Political Warfare
A right, to be trnely so, must be right in itself yet many things have obtained the name of ' rights, which are originally founded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
Forces Underground
Spring 1998
Number 3
? —i
- % •" --wli I
■i* - \f

■
PUBLISHED QUARTERLYBY
John P. Zenger Press, Ltd
$
S 10.00
Publisher John Peter Zenger Managing Editor SFC Steven M. Barry, USA, SF (Ret.) Associate Editors CDR Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson, USN (Ret.)
Dr. Susan L.M. Muck;
D. van 3ort;
Contributing Editors
Gov. Zebu Ion B.Vance, NC, CSA;
IX DR James Lawrence, USN, SEAL (Ret.);
Martin Luther, Officer of Marines;
John Bolton
Research Department
l isk Research Associates; Molly Pitcher; OSIS Research
Illustrator Michael Paul; McClinton Advertising 6f Marketing Peter Yarborough Counselor Kevin L. Jamison Distribution Sandv Brighton
■$
The Ri>hH K is published quarterly by Special Forces Underground and John P. Zenger Press. Address correspondence to: Boxholdcr, PC) Box 35046, Fayetteville, North Carolina 28.30.1, ll.S.A. Subscription price: U.S., 835,00; Foreign, SUSS0.00; Library, $100.00 per year. Single copy; SI0.00. The editor will consider unsolicited material, but is not obligated to acknowledge receipt or to return manuscripts. Anv contributor who is not notified bv The ResistKK within 90 days alter submitting a manuscript may assume that The Rl Mis r*| i< is unable to publish the material. Copt right ' 1998 In The R i;ms ii k. All rights reserved. Requests to reprint or republish any article in this issue, by any means or method now known, or invented in the future, must be submitted in writting to the publisher.	1..-.	•	|
Statement of Editorial Policy
The philosophy of TheResistsis straightforward. Imlividiial rights, striei constiiniioiial construction, limited government, Patriotism, la issc/.-fairecapital-ism, and rcptihlicanism: In short, the principles upon which America was founded.
We oppose; sialism, socialism, collectivism, racism, altruism, internationalism, tribalism, unlmiiedde-mocracv. pull politics, and the "New World Order: In short, the ideologies of all tyrannies.
()ur philosophical framework is ()hjectivism* (the rational morality of self interest—I .iff). Our political philosophy is grounded in the works of the framers of the Constitution (government as servant, not master— l.ihcm). Our economic philosophy is laissez-faire capitalism (the origin of true rights Property).
()ur goal is the restoration of the C onstitutional Republic as originally designed and conceived by its Founders.
These so-called governments are in reality only great hands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert. Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to he truely so, must he right in itself; yet many things have obtained the name of rights, which are fy originally founded in wrong.
Thomas Paine, 1780
Volume IV	Spring	1998	Number	3
CONTENTS
FEATURES
Correspondence	04
Editorials & Commentaries
The National Race Inquisition	11
America’s Death by 1,000 Cuts	18
Horror Quotes	26
Commentaries From Readers	30
Obituaries	31
Periodic Intelligence Report
Missing American POWs: What Happened?	32
Books & Reviewables
Our Royalty	74
The Merciless Indian Savages	78
The ANTIFEDERALIST Bela Abzug:
The First Jewish Woman in Congress
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (RetJ	47
Green Cross
Natalie Grant	58
What is Political Correctness?
William Lind	63
Washington Weaselspeak
L.S. Spooner	66
Vol. IV, No. 3
1
The RESISTER
f\l

A
WACO: THE RULES OF ENGAGEMENT
All is NOT as it seems! Every American must see this film!
Acclaim for WACO: The Rules of Engagement The seminal work on the Waco tragedy.
Richard Reavis, author The Ashes of I Vaco
"When people sit down and watch this movie political differences are washed away by the common Fear of a government gone berserk."
Michael McNulty, co- producer
“The Davidians were legally and morally justified in resisting as they did."
James Bowman, The American Spectator
Visa, MG; AMEX call: 1-800-201-7892, Ext. 45
°rSend	BHN	Sales	Co.
$25.00	1347	Worsted	Drive
Check or Money Order to:	Fayetteville,	NC	28314
BACK ISSUES & SUBSCRIPTION
The following back issues of The Resister are available. Prices are determined by availahlity of remaining stocks and arc subject to change as stocks are depleted. They will never be reprinted as single issues. We will not honor third-party offers! (Checlc our distributor list on page 00. They may have sold out issues in stock.)
Vol. II, No. 3 - Vol. Ill, No. 3	SOLD	OUT
Vol. Ill,No.4	$20.00
Vol. IV, No. 1	SOLD	OUT
Vol. IV, No. 2	$25.00
Conservative Review (Most issues available) $7.00 ea.
Stapled newsletter versions of The Resister (Vol. I, No. 1 - Vol. 11, No.2) are no longer available.
SUBSCRIPTION: S35.00 (One year) Please indicate with which issue (current or next) you
wish to start.
S10.00 (current issue)
Send orders to:
The RESISTER PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303-5046
Cash, Money Order, or Check.
THE
PARTISAN
The Journaf of the American Freedom Fi(jFter\
THE TINE FOR COMPLACENCY
IS OVER!
In the struggle against tyranny, knowledge is your most powerfull weapon. At last there is a rational, objective, in-depth journal with cutting edge information dedicated to those who think freedom is worth fighting for.
The Partisan is a new magazine that satisfies a growing desire for a rational, objective, cutting edge publication dedicated to those Americans concerned with issues of individual freedom.
The Partisan will have an editorial policy of staunchly defending the entire Bill of Rights and not just the Second Amendment. Although The Partisan will take a no-compromise stand on moral and philosophical issues relating to freedom The Partisan wants to make it quite clear that it will not entertain nor tolerate any form of racism, Anti-Semitism, patriot mythology or conspiracy theory paranoia that has unfortunately tainted that part of our culture concerned with issues of freedom, survivial and firearms.
In addition to reviewing weapons and equipment The Partisan will also have articles on tactics, preparedness and fieldcraft. The Partisan intends to break new ground with its in-depth reporting on political and philosophical issues as they relate to individual freedom._
Yes, I’m ready to join in the fight for freedom. Please send me a one year (four issues) subscription to The Partisan for the introductory rate of only $19.95. (cash or check only)
The Partisan P.O. Box 1085 Dept.TR Longmont, CO. 80502
WWW.PARTISAN.COM OR UZI1@FRII.COM
The RESISTER
The law perverted! ...The law, Isay, not only tamed from its proper purpose but made to follow and entirely
contrary purpose!
Frederic Bastiat
As usurpation is the exercise of power which a not he, hath a right to, so tyranny is the exercise ofprmet beyond right, which nobody can have a right t„ John Locke, 16X1
A Letter From the Editor
Sergeant Major Douglas Van Der Pool
(»M Doug Van Der Pool has I never Been associated with, nor wa> he ever a supporter of, The Resister. In lact,S( IM Van Der Pool was an opponent oi The Resister irom its first issue. 11owever,in 1994, SCI iVI Van Dcr Pool was deliberately victimized by CSM William Kamho, and subjected to arbitrary administrative action (transfer) by CSM Kamho, for no other reasons than a) he was more intelligent than C’SM Kamho, b) he had a better command oi the F.nglish language than C'SM Kamho, ami c) he opposed CSM Kamho's (blithelully stupid) plans to recruit Kanger senior noncommissioned officers to be Special Forces learn Sergeants. S(»M Van Dcr Pool chose retirement in lieu of transfer to avoid the loss of medical care for a family member (which was available only at Fort Bragg - which Kamho knew).
So, while “Budge-hunter" Kamho sits in the USASOC CSM office, the man \\ ho should he sitting there, S( IM Van Der Pool, was. tor practical pur-
poses.
forced out ol the Armv hv a
‘Bone Clone. Full story, next issue. (Still living promotion boards. Bill? Or did the “inconclusive" Article 15-6 investigation give you pause? Or is US \SOC l(» still corrupt?)
American Renaissance Conference	H
This tears American Renaissance Conference will be held at the Milton Motel at Dulles International Airport, Virginia, from 28 to .50 August. For those of you not familiar with American Renaissance (sec the ad on page 00), it’s a twelve page monrhlv newsletter published and edited bv 11 r. Jared Taylor, author of Paved 11 ith Hood Intentions: The T'aihtre of Race
Relations in Contemporary America, and editor of a recently-released collection, ’The Real American Dilemma: Race, Ini A migration, and the Future of America. Articles and features in American ftr-naissance address the question, “Does ra ccm a tt er?" American Renaissa nee wri t -ers bravely answer, “Yes, it docs."
I am honored to he a speaker at this year’s American Renaissance Conference. ■■
The subject of my pre-1 sen ration will be "The Army’s I’.qual Opportunity Commissariat."
If you are interested in hearing my bare knuckles presentation about how parroting the dogmas of cultural- IVIarxism and egalitarianism have become more important to career soldiers than technical and tactical proficiency, and how the Army’s egalitarian recruiting and personnel policies are a distinct threat to national security, find the time to attend the American Renaissance Conference. Sec the enclosed flyer tor registration details.
Given the obvious anti-white pogrom that defines‘President’Clinton’s National Inquisition on Race (the so-called “national dialogue on race”), this is going to be an extremely important — and highly publicized — opportunity tor principled anti-Balkanization dissidents to air their arguments against “multiculturalism.”
Alas... The Re sisters money [cannot] be spent with, “uncensored,” “conservative” mainstream publications.
made to place a display ad in The Hash ington Times Weekly Tdi/ion for three weeks. After all, they bill themselves .is tireless champions of uncensored news and the bulwark of mainstream conservative journalism — right? A ml it has a haltwav decent circulation that reaches, from what I can determine, a representative cross section of The Res is ter a demonstrated reading audience. Alas, a display ad promoting I he Resister is not suitable for, nor can The
Resisters money he — spent with,“unccn-
sored,’* “conservative mainstream publications. This raises the interesting question,
“Why?"
After obtaining a rate card, I called Mr. Paul Teller, of The Washington / imes
magazine division to
Adventures in Advertising The Washington Times
dvertising dollars for The Resister arc very scarce. So when they can be saved up they need to be targeted and spent carefully. After serious deliberation the decision was
1 he m
A
talk over the details. Naturally (and properly), he wanted to know what The Resister was about and what the display ad looked like, so I told him a brief history of The Resistcr, described its anti cultural Marxist and anti democratic-collectivism editorial policy, and faxed him a cop\ of m\ ar tide “Why Not Patriotism?" with the draft of the display ad artwork. \Vhen I called him hack he said, "This is great! Just the kind of publication we like to advertise." F.ncouragcd, I put the finishing touches on the display art, cut Washington Times a check for the agreed upon amount, and sent both via oxer-night to meet the deadline for the ad run. So far, so good.
Meanwhile, Dr. Muck had mailed me a cartoon from The Washington Times. It was a takeoff on The Heart of Darkness, depicting1 President’ Clinton as Kurtz and Independent Prosecutor Kenneth Starr as Willard. Because I couldn’t stop laughing every time I looked at it, I called The Washington
4
Vol. IV, No. 3
Times to get permission to run it in The Resister. I talked to the artist, Ken 11 outer, who also wanted to know what The Resister was about. So I told him the same thing I told Mr.'feller, and we agreed on a price for a clean flat of the art.
The next day, I received a fax from Mr. Teller with “Urgent! Call me!" scrawled across it. (You see it coming, don’t you? I did.) I called Mr.'feller and he explained that his editors wanted to see a “recent copy of The Resister.” Mr.
I dler suggested that I pick an issue with articles that would “put The Resister in the best light.” I think M r. feller really did mean well, and from my conversations with him I believe he did support running the ad. But, I don’t play those games. The Resister stands on its own merits and has nothing to hide editorially. So I sent a copy of the recent edition.
Two davs later I received another “Urgent! Call me!" fax from Mr.Teller.
I le told me that after looking through the issue I’d sent, the editors, “got nervous about your ad and decided to not
W
run it.” I joked with him about it, then asked, “Who got to you, the VChcKa?”
“()h no,"he said, “nothing like that.” (funny, he knew I was talking about the A I ) I..) According to M r. 'feller, after mv conversation with cartoonist I lunter, Mr. I lunter went to the editors to “express his concerns” about The Resister, and during the editorial meeting weighed in heavily against its ad. The editors, according to Mr. feller, then decided '/J&r/tafM/rr “might offend some of our readers.” Objections from Mr.'feller pointing out that they didn’t have to read it fell upon deaf ears.
Now, it’s a known fact that the YChcKa has their snitches, censors and Thought Monitors in every corner of the publishing business. Otherwise, you wouldn’t he inundated with the mind-numbing Establishment approved drivel you read everyday. I don’t know if M r. 11 untcr is a VCheKisti, but given that I told him The Resister was “stridently anti-socialist and vehemently patriotic, and fora cartoonist he seems to throw a lot of weight around The Washington 7Y/w«’“uncensorcd”editorial offices, I have my reasoned suspicions. Is The Washington 'Times controlled opposition? (A classic Leninist tactic.) I don’t know. But I did go hack and review its editorial content for several past months, and they're,
The RESISTER
um, soft on issues the VCheKa and the Sekretno-toliticheskoye Upravleniye (Secret Political Directorate — i.e. CFR) disapprove of.
Oh, before I forget; it only took The Washington Times six weeks to return The Resisters money. According to M r. Hiroshi Goto in accounting, “large sums” need to be approved by the president of the Washington Times Corporation. In other words, they were collecting interest on The Resisters deposit.
The New American
Never one to be deterred from attaining my objective, I obtained a rate card and publishing schedule from the John Birch Society’s The New American. (Second choice only because proportional to their circulation theyl arc more expensive.)
After discussing details with Mme. Julie DuFrane, advertising and circulation manager, I repeated the formalities of filling out the placement agreement and faxed it, along with a copy of the ad artwork, toJBS.
No response. (Doyou see it coming? I did.)
Then, a week later, the rejection letter, signed by Mme. DuFrane, assuring me “...we sincerely appreciate your interest in our magazine. However, after reviewing your proposed ad in the context of our editorial position we have reluctantly decided to decline.” No mention of who
44	_
we are.
Now, all this is well and proper. A publication is the property of its owner (or owners), and he (or “they") may discriminate against advertisers as he (or “they”) sees fit. I certainly do. But The
J	J
New American rejection really peaked my interest, because JBS members and The New American subscribers have (historically) been supportive of The Resister. Neither was The New American adverse to publishing Quartered Among Us,” a (tastefully abridged by TNA editors) version of my Rcsister article, “Subversion of the Third Amendment.” Nor were they adverse
w
to requesting further articles, or inviting me to the Regional Council Dinner in Charlotte, North Carolina, in May
1997. Nor was Mr. John McManus, publisher of The New American, adverse to offering me reprint rights to “anything you want from The New American" — or ad space. Curiouser and curiouser.
I called a source (who prefers to remain unnamed) in the John Birch Society who is privy to management decision policies. Not to schnorr for “pull” or have the source intervene on my behalf, just (given the foregoing) for an explanation. Besides, “in the context of our editorial objectives” doesn t say anything, especially since I have yet to find a statement of The New Americans “editorial objectives" anywhere — at any time — in the publication. I guess I was expected to “just know.” The source seemed genuinely confused at the decision not to run the
ad, revenue notwithstanding. The explanation, however, was revealing:
I cheeked around and... the worry was that sonic portion of our readership/ membership might construe the ad as an endorsement of (sigh) ‘militancy’ and ‘active resistance,’ which arc incompatible with the essentially educational approach of the JBS and TNA. In all fairness, let it he noted that we have turned away some very lucrative advertising from ‘mainstream' conservative publishers and authors (Rush Limbaugh-stvle trend-suckers) and from | in your words | the‘aluminum foil hat’ crowd.... We also had a minimelodrama about two years ago over an ad for The Last Ditch, which we ran only once (thereby giving them a perfect ad-line: “The publication rejected as ‘ Too Extreme’ by the John Birch Society"). So there’s a certain skewed consistency to all of this, and the rejections span the spectrum.
Personally, I disagree with that policy, as do others at TNA. I say:‘If someone wants to buy ad space, and he’s not peddling collectivist trash or outright smut, let’s take his money and assume that people capable of reading and understanding our editorial product appreciate the need for some discretion in evaluating the advertised products.'
Which is The Resisters advertising policy in a nutshell.
Now, all this is well and proper. A publication is the property of its owner... and he... may discriminate against advertisers as he sees fit. I certainly do.
Vol. IV, No. 3
5
“Adventures in Advertising”
Thor
here is a tactic from the old School of Musketry (application of mass rifle fire) called “advancing under the cone,” which essentially means that, when your firing line raises their sights to engage distant targets (“plunging tire”), the enemy troops who were under tire could advance because vour fire would he passing over their heads. The counter to that tactic was to have everybody set their sights on “battle sight,” which means the apogee of the beaten zone (which extended from the tiring line to “strike” at the range setting) “grazed” the height of an advancing soldier — a substantially^ shorter distance. But doing so allowed distant formations to advance to within at least the farthest extent of the “grazing tire" beaten zone and provide “plunging" covering fire for their pinned-down chums. The counter to that was the use of “multiple sights,” but that diminished the effectiveness of fire in each “multiple sight" beaten zone. A tactical dilemma, and one of the reasons commanders get paid the big bucks and soldiers learn that hayo-
m
nets are not for opening ration tins. What has this allegory to do with “Adventures in Advertising?"
The Resisters sight setting is “battle sight’ in order to bring our domestic enemies under effective fire (although it has small knots of sharpshooters who are detailed to harry and harass the
w
enemy’s supporting line beyond The Resisters grazed beaten zone).
The Washington Times sight setting is “plunging," which means their sights arc set for long range and our domestic enemies are free to “advance under the cone;" which (as Lenin would tell you) is the ideal sight setting for “controlled opposition.” (Lots of noise and activity, no hits.)
The New American uses “mixed sights.” A compromise compounded (most notably within the past couple vears) bv its increasing reluctance to take particularly careful aim at its targets regardless of their range. I asked an early JBS member about this. “Well,”
|my source) said, “in the early years Welch almost broke his spine leaning over backwards to avoid any smear of
‘anti-Semitism’or‘racism.’God knows
why. They’ll give it to you anyway, and they did. Even so, any of (American
The RESISTER
Opinions] early writers who got a little too precise in their finger pointing got fired, or marginalized until they quit. Like Eric Butler in Australia and Dr. Revilo P. Oliver.” | Privileged Conversation. 15 May 1998.]
I wasn’t all that surprised when The\ Washington Times refused an ad from The Resister. Even “conservative” newspapers are staffed by second-handers who are afraid of being called names by their VCheKa censors or America’s parasite classes. Dr. Samuel Francis, a national columnist, was fired from The\ Washington Times when he dared to speak his mind in an address he delivered at a American Renaissance conference three years ago. VChcKa censors expressed their “concerns” to their The\ Washington Times editorial puppets, who danced bobbly under their strings on cue.
All this is an object lesson for those who still hold out hope for the future. The foregoing illustrates how fractured is the opposition to collectivism in America. While —^^ I America’s Destroyers I won’t hesitate to finance or support any\ effort from any of their multitudinous factions that have any promise of further weakening America, those who arc making any effort to save
m
America isolate themselves in self-contained ideological enclaves, which are then picked off by our Destroyers onc-by-onc; or arc simply bypassed in the knowledge that they can be mopped-up later. Part of the reason for this phenomenon is that, for some unfathomable reason, most on the Right arc frightened to death of being called names by Leftists. It only takes one shriek of“anti-Semitc!” from our VCheKa, or “racist!” from the National All-African Communist Party (NAACP) to set the Right to whimpering, “No I’m not! Why, some of my best friends...,!”The Right then goes to absurd — and self-destructive — lengths to appear “reasonable." Which means they compromise, appease, obligingly “unfocus,” and disassociate themselves from any group who gets smeared with Leftists swear words; which thereby undermines any possibility of future opposition to our Dc-
No wonder the Mensheviks (the “Republicans”) are called “The Stupid Party.” I prefer to call them the “Useful Idiot Party.”
stroyers. No wonder the Menshevik (the “ Republicans”) are called “The Stupid Party.” I prefer to call them the “Useful Idiot Party.” Can the Right form a National Front to oppose collectivism? No, that has been forbidden.
ndcr normal circumstances I'm a reasonably accommodating guy. I will make an honest effort to conform, insofar as possible, to the addressing desires or requirements of Jurists. But, come on guys; six to ten line addresses (some of which include judicial district and county plat information) just aren’t going to cut it. I lore’s
what I will do:
Christian Name, Family Name
c/o Delivery address
City, State, PC (5 number /ip)
To be honest, I don t quite understand how fixed addresses, two letter state abbreviations, or numerical codes
that are designed to expedite the routing of the mails, strip one of one’s individual rights.
I am certain, however, that I will receive an education here fairly
soon.
Please indicate if
your correspondence is for a new subscription or a renewal. I he crystal ball is broken. Speaking of crystal balls, look at your printed label. Under your name is a Volume number and an
W
Issue number. That is the last issue in your subscription. Asa reminder,you 11 get a renewal notice with the issue corresponding to the volume and issue number on your label. Also, please clearly print vour name and address on all correspondence.'The decoding machine is broken also. And don’t forget to send a change of address card if you move. I lost my tarot cards.
Republicanism at Work
welvc percent of qualified voters responded to the literacy test. Of those who responded 34 percent f ailed to correctly answer the question, “Which article of the Constitution delegates to the Supreme Court authority to interpret the Constitution?” The correct answer is none.
Vol. IV, No. 3
The RESISTER
The Supreme Court arrogated to itself that “authority” in a series of decisions beginning with Marbury v. Madison. Fvcrybody who answered the question correctly will find a self addressed and postage paid ballot included with this issue. Again “Yes” is a vote to go bimonthly (which will entail a rate increase), and “No” is a vote to retain the status quo. (The ballots were supposed to have been mailed in April, but I decided to extend the deadline to this issues publication date.There's no big hurry. The logistics involved arc enormous.)
The Resister s Publishing Schedule
Several readers have inquired about The Resisters publishing schedule. The most frequently asked question is why The Resister, as a quarterly, always seems to be one season behind. The reason is simple. The Resister goes to press at the end of any given quarter, not at the beginning. Rc-member, TR began as an “underground” published by active duty Special f orces soldiers. This meant that martial duties took precedence over the publishing schedule. Between duties and deploymentsTR’s schedule slipped, week by week, toward the end of the quarter. Now that I’m retired,TR’s publication schedule has stabilized. But if I skipped one season, (for example, if this issue was Summer 1998, instead of Spring 1998), I’d get huge bales of mail asking where the Spring issue was, even though the volume and issue numbers remained in sequence. So, The Resister will continue to go to press at the end of the quarterly season.
Resister Radio
In a rather surprising development, a local Fayetteville radio station ap proachcd me to do a weekly radio program. The station is question is “Radio 1230 — The Fort" (I didn’t
know radio stations could identify themselves with a name instead of a call sign. It’s FCC call sign is WFAI, 1230 AM.) “Resister Radio” airs every Wednesday from 1800- 1900R. I have no idea how long this is going to continue. The owner said he wanted “controversial" anti-liberal content. I Ic got it!The first broadcast resulted in a complaint to the FCC from some female “soldier” who objected to being referred to as a parasite. The owner burst in dur-
ing the third ad break, ecstatic because the aggrieved female demanded equal time, lie told her “equal time” costs $600.00 per hour, minimum of four, one-hour broadcasts. I like this guy’s style!
The last group who wanted a “Re-sister Radio" broadcast, KM AK 100.3 FM, the “Tour of Duty" show, apparently couldn’t (or wouldn’t) handle the heat. Ifyou’ve been trying to catch “Resister Radio” on KMAK you’ll have noticed that I’m conspicuous by my absence. I rarely get invited back as a guest on talk radio shows. Maybe it’s because I keep saying that the Kent State crowd should have been hosed-down with a machine gun, instead of a one squad M-l rifle volley.
Steven M. Barry
From Readers
An Open Letter From MacDill AFB
This letter is addressed to old family Reds, central bankers, military traitors (past and present), academia, media pundits, “civil rights" activists, and “Greens.” Your worst fears arc justified; Special Forces Underground is real. It’s not just a subtitle on The Resisters masthead. Worse for you, is that it’s not just in Special Forces. It exists in all branches of the military, in federal agencies, among civilians, and in several foreign countries.
I am an old Special Forces active duty soldier. I’ve worked with people in all branches of the military, alphabet soup federal agencies, police departments, and civilians. While most people I’ve worked with are passive supporters of resistance to your “global community,” there arc some who are willing to actively defend what they believe in.
I will continue to perform my appointed military duties in a professional manner. I will publicly agree with your collectivist policies and parrot your slogans. I pay my taxes, don’t belong to any “militia," and won’t join any “extremist” group. For all outside appearances I am one of your “global community” peasants.
Having traveled extensively I have seen firsthand the results of failed collectivist governments who looted their countries into squalor. Most politically
attuned people I know have seen it also and know that the only way you can achieve your “global community” is by doing the same to America. Some think resistance to this is futile. Maybe it is. But we are willing to fight you, and make you pay dearly for your arrogance. We are moral, principled, and believe in the original Constitution and the philosophies that define it. You sec,your mistake was that you thought we’d just mumble our oath and then contradict it when ordered to. But you — you promoters of the “brotherhood of mankind" — are the enemies domestic we are sworn to defend the Constitution against. We didn’t choose you as the enemy. By your collectivist ideologies and actions you self-selected.
We pray to the God you scorn that the day never arrives when we arc finally compelled to turn against you what you expected us to do to enemies foreign. If that day does arise, lament. For I, and others like me, have been trained in the blackest of arts, and the darkest of crafts. Your minions arc useless cattle. They cannot protect you. You cannot hide. We know who you arc, hut
W
you’ll never know whether der gnten So/dat Schwenk you hired is one of us
m
— or not.
So, to all you altruist-collectivist “global citizens:" You will find no joy in your New World Order.
Defector in Place
.	USSOCOM
My subscription was transferred from Conservative Review. I like Sue Huck a lot. I’m not sure if I’ll renew or not because I can’t decide whether you’re cn-
w
joying your passion and publishing this to indulge your ego or whether The Re-sister has any potential. I don’t have time to let off steam and I only support organizations which offer the possibility of productive real world results. Maybe it’s just that I’m smarter than you. As proof of that I offer the fact that I got out of the Army — honorably — a lot
r	J
earlier than you. And every generation of Huttons was in the USA or CSA.
The problem: you’re too strident and needlessly arrogant. Ask yourself what your mission is.
w
It may also be a case of limited intcl-ligence, in which case I can’t help you, but to state, as you have, that you don’t want to put your material on the
internet or establish a web site is the absolute height of stupidity.
I live and work at ground zero of the information age and 1 can tell you categorically that if you don’t learn to use the internet you are absolutely nowhere in the 21st Century. The Clintons, Gore, et al, will be delighted that you are confining your efforts to distributing printed media via the US mail.
Think about it. What is your mission?
Virgil Hutton Santa Clara, CA
I also like Dr. Hack. She was an early supporter and advisor to The Resister, and has donated a significant part of her library to The Resister s research archive. She also was instrumental in organizing The Rcsisteri “little old lady net"that is engaged in rescuing anti-Communist publications dating from the 1930s through 1950s from library dumpsters and musty attics.
Of course The Rcsister exists to "indulge " my ego. / created it. My actions developed it. My efforts continue to expand it. / am proud of it and what I’ve accomplished to date. Typical of Herdthink, you are confusing self-conjidence with arrogance. Rut, then, in this degenerate age of "sacrifice ” / suppose that should be expected.
Personally, I cannot fathom the value ofsefeffacement in partisan discussion. A faceless "one"does not think. I think, and I will not divorce my ideas and my conclusions from myself. However, if you prefer egoless publications, perhaps you should subscribe to the Stalinist The Nation or the Communist Party USA's Political Affairs.
A few Conservative Review subscribers have requested to be dropped because The Resister is "toostrident,"or "too vehement. "As if polite discussion by "conservatives" with or about the Left has ever accomplished an ything or reversed the willful destruction they wreak about us. I call it the "Chamberlain Syndrome. "Maybe I should start calling it the "Buckley Syndrome. "1 guess it 's safer and more "intelligent" to have no principles, appease, compromise, and "be liked," than stand on principle and fight back. Nice try. Arguments from intimidation speak volumes about the issuer, but say nothing about the intended target. They don t work on me.
However, you do have a good point about the anarchnet. It's obviously unintelligent to not give away for free that which involves considerable effort and ex-
The RESISTER
pense to produce. Why, / could work my IS hour days, post The Resister on the anarchnet, and thereby "serve" the "consumer's needs" by being a slave to countless free-lunchers. Good plan! That's a great "help. "I'll think about it.
Meanwhile, while Clinton-Gore apparatchik are focused on the anarchnet, I'll just plod along dully with printed matter, distribute in the archaic US mail, and offer my creation through print ads to those who may find it of value and volunteer to subscribe to it.
As to The Resister 5 "mission," if you mean in the sense of Master of Business Administration Newspeak, The Resister has no mission. If you are asking in dear English what The Resister is meant to accomplish. The Resister .Vpurpose is to solidify resistance, within the military, to America's descent into socialism. So in that sense. The Resisters "mission" is to find those whose minds have not been permanently mangled in Dewey Camps or reduced to tapioca before the Telescreen (or "surfing" the anarchnet). That frightens the hell out of America s leftist destroyers. And it should. Civilians who subscribe are supporters of that purpose.
As to "productive real world results," pray that never becomes necessary.
Steven M. Barry
Your descriptive term “Dewey Camp” for compulsory, gov ernment dictated public education is so correct. In case your readers would like to know exactly why they should loath comrade John Dewey and bring ropes to school hoard meetings, this quote should do:
In a world that has so largely engaged in a mad and often brutally harsh race for material gain by means of ruthless competition, it behooves the school to make ceaseless and intelligently organized efforts to develop above all else the will for co-operation and the spirit which sees in every other individual one who has an equal right to share [sic!] in the cultural and material fruits of collective human invention, industry, skill and knowledge. The supremacy of this aim in mind and character is necessary for other reasons than as an offset to the spirit of inhumanity bred by economic competition and exploitation. It is necessary to prepare the coming generation for a new and more just and humane society which is sure to come, and which, unless hearts and minds are prepared by education, is
likely to come attended with all the evils that result from social changes effected by violence.
One can readily see how the bacterium of Marxism-Leninism entered our schools and infected the minds of generations of students — and the consequences of that infection with which we’re living today.
Your Model Soviet citizen.
Gordon Trenchard Alexandria, Louisiana
An article by D. van Oort in Vol.IV, No.2 raised the issue of personal ownership of nuclear devices. This was in the context of responding to a package-deal conversation stopper (i.e., if you believe in ownership of personal weapons, do you want everyone to own nukes?). While the answer/discussion provided (range, destructive path) was an excellent response to the question, it raised another issue that was not addressed. Since only individuals have rights and government can only have powers that are ceded to it by individuals, how can government have a right to nukes/nerve gas/biological weapons that is not first a right of the individual? Further, I am not at all convinced that the liar-in-chief or two zoomies in a hunker are more rational controllers of nukes than you or I.
Please understand that I have no desire for myself or my neighbors to own these sorts of weapons, hut this apparent contradiction concerns me.
’	I'd Cassidy
Individuals do have the right to build or purchase omni-directional weapons, just like any other property. However, brandishing those weapons against innocents is never the right of an individual or of government. And it is precisely that fact that which prevents most of us from exercising our right to have such weapons.
Among our rights is the right to gather ofour own free will for the purpose of instituting a government and delegating (not ceding) to it the authority (not the right) to have and use those weapons for our mutual defense. The men who represent us in that government's standing army must be authorized to accept proper delegation to use those weapons.
Neither the Commander in Grief nor the "zoomies" may be any more rational than you or I. But they are subject to a
8
Vol. IV, No. 3
multitude of checks and balances, •which you and I are not. That obviously makes 'President'Clinton very unhappy. Which just goes to show that "the rule oflaw and not of men" is the only condition under which to trust a government at all.
D. van Oort
Reference the feminization of America: ever meet men who don’t own firearms because their wives won’t let them? Unbelievable — but true! Especially in New York City. I don’t know whether to laugh, vomit, or shoot those dumb bastards.
Their idea of manhood is drinking to excess while debating the relative merits of steroid using millionaire sports brats who wouldn’t give them the time of day to begin with. Just try discussing the Constitution, rights, or politics, and their eyes roll back into their heads. I’m also convinced that most Establishment “conservatives” don’t know what the word conserve means. If they conserve anything, it’s the concept of“governmcnt" inflicted upon us from 1933 to date. They’re actually afraid of not being liked by Negroes and are absorbed by money and status.
Jefferson said the choice is between economy (liberty and prosperity), or tyranny. As long as the mob has cable TV and S'UVs they’re content with tyranny. That's how I see it in New En-
W
gland!
Keep your powder dry.
Wayne Dover Plains, NY
I’ve just finished Atlas Shrugged. That book has reopened my mind, reestablished my self-respect and personal confidence, and helped me renew my sense of liberty. I’ve also read Thomas Chittum’s Civil War II. I live in California. If he thinks more than a handful of whites are going to rise-up to defend themselves (or would even be capable of self-defense) he should pay as close attention to our culture of cowardice as he does to Mexican and Negro criminal gangs and their political allies. I think you’re right. Most whites, in California at least, will cringe, surrender with a whimper, with not the slightest pretense of resistance. They wouldn’t want to be called “bad names by their destroyers!
You are a Special Forces soldier and
The RESISTER
I am in the National Guard Immediate Infantry Reserve (Air Assault). I respect the opinions of professionals and “older brothers.” My question is, what to do? Do I stay in the city where the system can swallow me up and kill me like a rat? Or should I attempt to move to a more remote area like the old fashioned survivalists? Urban resistance in my situation appears to be futile, given the almost endless “population control” measures in place, which range from direct deposit of my paycheck, to being “nare’ed” by grocery clerks because I have “too much” cash.
A couple of reserve officers back in ’89 told me to hit the coast if it’s martial law, or the dissolution of civilization. That made sense. The vogue, yuppies and fruit-loops will head to the Tahoe range—A1 Gore country. But what then?The (as you put it) “Aluminum Foil Hats" are of no more use than the guy down the street who appointed himself“colonel” and has six fat wheezing ‘troops.’ Not much to choose from, not many places to go. Suggestions?
Gordon Kelly Carmichael, CA
As I've pointed out on many occasions, “This is it. "There are no "thirdcountries" who would dream of supporting an American resistance to socialism. There are no "base areas"in which to train, plan or establish a logistic network. There are no "safe areas" that can be declared liberated zones to provide sanctuary. What precious little legitimate leadership exists is constantly squabbling amongst themselves over issues that amount to bar room trivia. Americans have been dumbed-down, feminized, deracinated, demoralized and made dependent over successive generations of mind-mangling in government controlled Dewey Camps. The international socialists spent the better part ofthis century subverting Americafrom within, and surrounding it from without.
This contemporary American resistance is, so far as I can determine historically, the first "resistance by attrition" in world history. Unfortunately, we're starting four generations too late. "What to do?" Why didn't every armed citizen within 100 miles of Waco descend on Mount Carmel, defy "the authorities"en masse and, within the milling throng, "escort" the Branch Dividians away and then "disappear" them (or, if the throng was attacked, slaughter every uniform in sight)? Over 220years ago, if people associating volun-
tarily, who just wanted to be left alone, had been attacked and laid siege to, "the authorities "wouldhave found themselves in the center of a swarm of hornets. But, then, over 220years ago, this was a nation of men, notfeminized, socializedpeasants.
"What to do?"Heading to the coast, the mountains — the "countryside"etc. — is a short term solution to a long term problem that simply delays being mopped-up later. Principled resistance against socialism begins where you stand. It's first expression is an openly defiant, "No! I'm not doing that."
Steven M. Barry
m
I am studying political science at California State University Northridge. Most of my professors laugh at me when I mention our Bill of Rights.They call me a “right wing extremist,” or a member of the M ilitia of Montana. They say I’m “rigid minded” when I state that the UN was founded by communists, and China is a communist country. They tell me I need to prove such statements, and when I provide the proof they tell me the information is “one sided." So much for truth in institutions of “higher learning.”
Joanna CSU Northridge
NOTICE!
Owing to the length of Mr. Joseph Douglas’“Periodic Intelligence Report” article, “Missing American POWs: What Happened?,” the regular features in “Periodic Intelligence Report” and
“The PARTISAN” feature
were canceled. “Periodic Intelligence Report” and “The PARTISAN” will
return next issue in their original formats.
Wttctic w\v\tt ma\e\ Renounce your Western civilization
The RESISTER
No man's life, liberty, or property is safe while the ^JJPI legislature is in session.
Judge Gideon J. Tucker	jj|
-V--
Editorials
The Highest art in the world cannot guild socialism. It is impossible to make beautiful the denial of liberty.
Auberon Herbert
mmentanes
The National Race Inquisition
One of the incidental hobbies I’ve picked up since beginning The Resister is tracing the history of the collectivist suborning of the English language. This often leads me into unexpected avenues of research, because in the course of tracing a word or concept’s destruction, names and books and so forth inevitably crop up that lead to further research, etc.. Call it a process of “advancing into the past” beginning with current concepts or word usage and tracing that concept or word’s usage back to it’s original meaning. In the ideological context of The Resister I stop “advancing into the past” around 1750 (give or take 50 years). The results often give me pause to reconsider a previously held belief.
When I write I normally listen to Gregorian chants; but on occasion I’ll throw in some bluegrass, or Celtic airs and reels, or martial music from the Revolution, or popular songs from the War for Southern Independence era (there being not much difference between the last four categories). One day while making notes for a research project I was listening to “Homespun Songs of the C.S.A., Volume 1,” by Bobby Horton. Track 16 is the song, “Oh, I’m a Good Old Rebel,” written by Major Innes Randolph during “reconstruction” and sung to the melody of an Irish tune called “Joe Bowers.” (See what I mean?) At the time I had not previously listened to the recording. So when the lyrics, “I hates the Yankee nation and ever’thing they do, I hates the Declaration of Independence too...” [!] penetrated my otherwise occupied attention I immediately stopped
what I was doing and played that song over, and over.... And ■	■	■	A
it got better every* time.
Now, w*hen expressing an idea context is everything. One of our collectivist enemy’s favorite tactics is to rip a phrase or statement out of its context and startl screaming their swear words about it, counting on your negative emotional reaction to the out-ofcontext statement to lend credence to that agitprop tactic. I suppose that tactic could be called “anti-context.” It’s a standard brainwashing technique. There is a new tactic of mass mind control being currently tested. Whenever the collectivist Agenda, particularly the “multicultural” Agenda, is questioned in even moderate terms, that is now called “creating an atmosphere”' of whatever anti-concept you’ve been previously emotionally conditioned to avoid. This phrase, “creating an atmosphere,” is a very important development. Our enemies, knowing that any principled opposition to them will be shouted down by Dewey Camp parrots using the self same “teaching tolerance” anti-concepts our collectivist enemies invented, has now advanced to the stage of mass thought control. The subtlety of “creating an atmosphere” is such that you are no longer permitted to even question the collectivists’ Agenda — even to yourself. It is now forbidden to think. This development, folks, is the very essence of pure,
perfect, unqualified evil — and the planned mass surrender of individual thought culminating the so-called “civil rights movement.”
Your first emotional reaction to Major Randolph’s invective against the Declaration of Independence therefore, given that the Declaration has assumed — over the years — the status of Holy
The subtlety of “creating an atmosphere” is... the very essence of pure, perfect, unqualified evil...
Writ, was probably “Wait a damned minute!” But I keep my emotions starved and chained to a dungeon wall in the deepest recesses of my mind. My first thought when I heard the lyric, “I hates the Declaration of Independence too....” was. “Of course
he did!”
ruttin
T
PuttingThings in Context
'he Declaration of Independence includes the phrase, “...all men are created equal....” For a fascinating exercise in observing how the Ministry ofTruth manipulates historical texts and thereby alters their meaning, compare the text of the Declaration of Independence in any reputable work2 against the text found in The Constitution of the Unites States, a pocketbook published by the National Constitution Center.1 In reputable texts, that phrase reads as above. The National Constitution Center’s text reads, “...all Men are created equal....”
Now, an eighteenth century convention of emphasizing the meaning of words was to capitalize the first letter of that word. Thus the original text’s “...all men are created equal...” denotes something different than “...all Men are created equal....’’The government editor, Martin M. Brasler, couldn’t very well change the word “men” (I mean, people would notice), but he could, and did, change its emphasis using eighteenth
century conventions to imply “man." In other words, this government approved] text connotes (in other words, wants you to feel) that all mankind is created equal; a blatantly communistic premise deliberately intended to make you feel that any lack of sameness, any inequalities between people, are somehow “unjust” and therefore non-egalitarian. But the equality spoken of in the Declaration had nothing to do with egalitarianism.
The “self-evident ” truth “that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness,” is a political truth, a truth in individual status before the law, ho/a metaphysical truth. All men are decidedly not equal in intelligence, ability, industriousness or morality. To believe that they are is brazen self-deception that willfully defies empirical observation and objective experience. It is a self-deception that can be sustained in the face of a contradictory reality only by the surrender of reason to faith. To get everyone else to believe it (or at least pretend they do) requires naked force. This combination of faith and force was the underlying premise of the Abolitionist movement from its very inception.
It is crucial to realize historically that the word “racist"(let alone the anti-concept-like negative emotional response it’s designed to evoke) did not enter the English lexicon until around the late 1930s,4 and it appears to be a contraction of the word “racialist,”' which does not enter the lexicon until around 1917, being itself derived from the word “racialism”6 which doesn’t appear until 1907. These are important dates.
Those dates most certainly demonstrate that the Abolitionists weren’t spitting the swearword “racist” at Southern whites. In fact, racial bigotry was far more widespread in the North than in the South. “The aspect of the abolitionists’ program that particularly antagonized persons in the North... was the demand that the Blacks, when freed, remain in the United States... and be allowed to participate as equals in society.”7 Relations between Negro freemen in the South and their white neighbors were largely amicable and equal8 — in the strict political and legal construction of “...all men are created equal...." Until, that is, Abolitionists began inciting slave revolts in 1830.
The RESISTER
The Abolitionists’ incitement of slave revolt, however, was perfectly consistent with French Revolutionary socialist theory and The Terror inspired by the French revolutionaries’ conception of Egalit. As transmogrified through the Abolitionists’ transcenden-talist Quaker and Unitarian “faith” in a thoroughly humanized Christ (and thus deified Abolitionist), revolutionary metaphysical-egalitarian social theory “justified” the slaughter of Southern whites in the name of Fraternit (universal brotherhood, ie. proto-communism).
“What shocked Southerners was the realization that men of their own race, in their own country would consign them to death at the hands of another
Reality Turned Inside-Out
Prior to 1906 the word “race,” meant “A particular breed."10 From 1906, when the meaning of race was “A permanent variety of mankind,”" through the word’s first appearance as a doctrine (“racialism” — 1907), and then an advocacy (“racialist”—1917), the words “racialism" and
“racialist” did not assume negative connotations until the mid-1930s — and then only “to describe the Nazis.”"The
word “racism” does
race.
The South, a significant center of antifederalist sentiment, had been since the Constitution ratification debates distrustful of federalist motives behind the Constitution, recognizing that the potential for federal excesses was directly contingent upon the moral character of elected representatives. So, when Radical Republican supporters of the Abolitionists began taking seats in Congress, and began abusing and twisting the meaning of “...all men are created equal...” from its original meaning of equality in the individual exercise of unalienable rights and standing before the law, to metaphysical-egalitarianism, Southerners had legitimate cause for alarm.
When Major Randolph wrote the lyric, “I hates the Declaration of Independence too...,” his seeming blasphemy was not against the unalienable rights of “Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness." Indeed, the preservation of those unalienable rights was one of the driving purposes of secession. In the historical context of reconstruction, rather, that an altruist-collectivist perversion of “equal” was deliberately deployed to undermine liberty, destroy life, and confiscate property (“...the pursuit of Happiness") without just compensation, Major Randolph’s lyric makes perfect sense. Personally, I’d have rallied to the Bonnie Blue myself.
The “self-evident” truth “that all men are created equal...” is a political truth, a truth in individual status before the law, not a metaphysical truth.
not even appear in most dictionaries until after Roosevelt’s War, and then forever thereafter always in a negative context.
Prior to the midtwentieth century the concept “racist” simply didn’t exist. “The earlier understanding was based on a distinction between bar-barism	and
civilization."nThe objective fact of race was not an “ism. It was taken for granted by whites, based on the empirical evidence of having conquered and colonized the world, that whites were the superior race. The objective fact of race was not an “ist. Nobody denied that the races were different, or metaphysically and culturally unequal.The race “problem” in America was not the inherent metaphysical inequality of the races, rather whether subordinate races could attain equal status with whites through their own efforts, achievements and merits. In 1895, at the Atlanta Exposition fair, Booker T. Washington delivered a speech to a standing ovation in which he stated:
“The wisest among my race understand that the agitation of questions of social equality is the extremist folly, and that progress in the enjoyment of all the privileges that will come to us must be the result of severe and constant struggle rather than artificial forcing”'* [Emphasis added.]
In other words, Washington advocated Negro self-discipline, mutual aid, industrial education, and self-reliance as the means by which Negroes would demonstrate to whites that they merited equal regard as American citizens:
The Negro must not be deprived by
unfair means of the franchise, but political agitation alone will not save him. Back of the ballot, he must have property, industry, skill, economy, intelligence and character. No race without these elements can permanently succeed.... We have a right to enter our complaints, but we shall make a fatal error if we yield to the temptation of believing that mere opposition to our wrongs will take the place of progressive, constructive action.... Whether he will or not, a white man respects a Negro who owns a two-story brick house.
Booker T. Washingtons antagonist was “self-promoting octoroon,”16 W.E.B. Du Bois. Du Bois was a European educated sociologist, cultural relativist (ie., no culture is better than another, just different), and a radical socialist. While Washington was not deluded that race differences would disappear altogether, he was realistic enough to recognize that they could be meliorated, over time, if Negroes simply adopted the mores and ethics of the dominant white culture and behaved like Anglo-Saxons instead of Africans. In other words, Booker T. Washington was advocating a traditional American solution to his race’s problem; “Merit, no matter under what skin found, is in the long run recognized and rewarded.”17 Du Bois, however, collectivist to the core, branded Washington as “the original Uncle Tom”18 and whites as “oppressors” who must be forced to raise the Negro up to the white level.
Unfortunately, for both Negroes and whites, the burgeoning of Marxist “class consciousness” coincident with the inherently collectivist “science” of sociology in America during the “Progressive era” inspired the 1909 founding by radical socialists of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. The NAACP was organized largely to provide the socialist (later Communist Party member) Du Bois a vehicle by which to proselytize in its screed, The Crisis, simultaneously cultural relativism among whites and metaphysical-egalitarianism among Negroes.
Seizing upon a good opportunity to disrupt American society (and finding a whiting fellow traveler in Du Bois), in 1922 the Communist Party USA received orders from its Communist International masters in Moscow “to exploit Negroes in the Communist program against the peace and security
of the United States.”19 Beginning in 1923, NAACP began receiving grants through the Garland Fund, which was a central point of financing for CPUSA front organizations.20 CPUSA also urged its members and fellow travelers to become active and agitate within the NAACP, and detailed certain of its Negro members to assume administrative and leadership positions within the organization. By 1940, the NAACP was, for practical purposes, a Communist front organization.
From its inception to the present, no matter the protestations of... NAACP apologises], the organization’s officials and its known members, collectively and individually, have represented the influential left, the leadership of Communist fronts and left-wing political and pacifist groups, and the most effective of the anti-anti-Communist establishment.21
The NAACP s clos^ie^ithConvJ
munist fronts was evident in its early advocacy of a separate Negro nation within the United States encompassing the so-called “black belt;”
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana.
This was a theme that Du Bois, a self-described racialist and segregationist, never abandoned. Particularly after his first trip to the Soviet Union in 1926. A separate Negro nation, however, proved an embarrassment to the NAACP which relied heavily upon funding from leftist and “stylishly pink” whites, and held little interest for the majority of the Negro population. Du Bois left in 1934 and the NAACP changed its program from Negro nationalism to one of full integration.
Significantly, the NAACP retained the Du Bois notion of cultural relativism. But perhaps the most significant development during the late 1930s and into the 1940s, given its affiliations with Communist front organizations and administrative control by Communists within the Association, was borrowing a page out of the Anti-Defamation
League’s blackmail handbook. Recall that the word “racist” did not enter the lexicon until the late 1930s, and then almost always in reference only to Nazis. The Communist tactic at the time was to smear anti-Communists as “Hitlerites,” advocates of neutrality as “isolationists,” patriotic American nationalists as “fascists,” and anybody who pointed out that 50% of the CPUSA were Jews22 (as well as the controlling leadership of most of its front organizations)23 was smeared as — you guessed it — an “anti-Semite;” the obvious connotation being “racist.”
The fact that anti-Communists weren’t “Hitlerites,” advocates of neutrality weren’t “isolationists,” patriotic American nationalists weren’t “fascists,” and those who were pointing out who was leading the Communists weren’t “anti-Semites,” meant nothing. Objections to those smears only brought on louder screaming and more vicious defamation. Let’s call it the agitprop technique of “The accusation is the crime.” If you fall for it, you spend more time defending yourself against the personal smear than getting your point across. Which is the whole point of that agitprop technique. Ifyou don’t fall for it and dare to persist you are savaged in the ‘liberal’ media until your advocates begin to straggle (and eventually fallout) out of fear of not being “liked.” You’re then isolated as an “extremist” and forever thereafter publicly marginalized.
The leadership of the NAACP recognized a neat agitprop technique when they saw one. Given the irrational absurdity of cultural relativism itself, let alone when combined with demands for unqualified integration (perhaps best summed up as, “I demand I’m different therefore I demand to be treated as your equal”), rational individuals who pointed out that obvious contradiction were smeared as “racist.” Which, of course, given that word’s origin, carried the ugly connotation “Nazi.” Thus was rational, principled opposition to meta-
And thus was the objective knowledge that the various races are not metaphysically equal, the empirical (i.e., non-relativist) evidence that Anglo-Saxon culture is superior to Negro culture, turned inside-out.
The RESISTER
Wictl-eplitirianism and cultural clativism hijacked by collectivist name tiling. And thus was the objective knowledge that the various races are not metaphysically equal, the empirical (i.e., non-relativist) evidence that Anglo-Saxon culture is superior to Negro culture, turned inside-out.
The New Reconstruction '
Leftist postrevisionist ‘‘historians” actually brag that the so-called “civil rights” movement was the start of a ‘Second Reconstruction" to “fix" what the first reconstruction failed to accomplish. “Shocked by the resistance to racial progress in the 1960s and the deep seated economic problems the Second Reconstruction failed to solve, influential historians portrayed change in the post-Civil War years as fundamentally ‘superficial."14 Forget the honors of the First Rccon-L struction; a decade of martial law, economic devastation,‘land reform” (i.e., confiscation and redistribution of property!, "diabolical" Negro misgovern-1 ment "to be remembered, shuddered^ at, and execrated,and the destruc-1 ^ lion of the Constitution by the Radical m Republic ana evil legacy,the Civil RightsL H Act of 1866 and its spawn, the 14th |
V amendment. Vhcsc were merely “superficial" improvements to "racial
progress."
The Second Reconstruction was waged by "activist" federal courts un-L demining incrementally the unalienable rights of life, liberty and property.
The "activist" courts were backed up by the Nine Robbed Dictators (and, where resistance surfaced, federal bay o-netsl.The targets of the Second Recon- | struction were freedom of association m and property rights. These were natu-'
I ral targets given the so-called "civil 1 W rights'* movement's Communist lead- 1 ership and collectivist agenda. In 1948, the Supreme Court "outlawed racial discrimination in the private sale of homes, striking down restrictive covenants that excluded blacks and other groups from purchasing certain properties."* This decision passed quietly, 1 almost unnoticed; hut it had devastat- j ing long term consequences. The very | heart of the principle of private property ownership — the private home—
was rendered a nullity by forbidding individual discrimination (freedom of association) in its acquisition and disposal. It was a small step to render a
nullity the use of and access to private business property. But first, the last vestiges of state sovereignty had to be neutralized.
“Free” compulsory education, and the establishment of “public” school systems is a remnant of the First Reconstruction.27 “Public" school, of course,	““"
means government school. The problem facing the new reconstructionists was that “public” schools
The Second Reconstruction was waged by “activist” were state controlled, federal courts under-
not federally con- • •
mining incremen-tally the unalienable rights of life, liberty and property.
trolled. If state run “public" schools could be compelled to integrate, “public" education would become a federal “responsibil-^^^^^^^^H ity" overseen by the	I
very federal courts that compelled their integration.That would be bad enough. There was, however, a deeper agenda. To obtain Supreme Court recognition,^ in a landmark case, of that collectivist execration and NAACP dogma, cultural relativism.
Brown v. Board of Education was the vehide.This was a frontal attack on segregation, using prior precedents that states could be compelled to “improve” segregated schools to make them "equal." While the case was moving through the courts, the NAACP secured the testimony of anthropologists, sociologists, and “educators” to the effect that segregation was harmful to Negroes. In every single instance, these "intellectuals” were decidedly leftists, advocates of cultural relativism, and in two cases (Isidor Chein and Otto Klineberg) students of Franz Boas, I German philosopher of relativism and , teacher of— wait for it — W.E.B. Du I Bois.
1 hell
T
f he Triumph of Barbarism
■he premise of relativism is that social environment determines I the content of beliefs about what is and ought to be, both of which fluctuate randomly because of the diversity of environments. A relativist of values maintains there are no standards of good or bad, right or wrong; that there are no universal ethical standards, and that "the ethical standards of one l culture cannot be judged by the ethical i standards of another culture."2* A rela-
tivist of fact maintains there is no ob jective knowledge of reality, i.e., no truth, independent of the “knower." Cultural relativism is the belief that there are “no objective standards by which to evaluate a culture, that a culture cannot be understood except from
the point of view of its
own values and cus*
toms.”29Thesearethe
obscene premises you are today asked to swallow when our Destroyers demand “tolerance" while waxing ecstatic about “diver-sity."And these are the obscene argumentative premises the Warren court considered when it heard NAACP lawyer
__	w
Thurgood Marshall argue Brown v. Board of Education. Plus some calculated lies.
In 1962, Dr. Alfred H. Kelly,an historian who served as Marshalls aid during preparation of the Brown brief, revealed that Marshall set out to deceive the Court with spurious historical arguments. “In an address to the American Historical Association, Dr. Kelly told how he was asked by Marshall ‘to prepare a research paper on the intent of the framers of the Fourteenth Amendment with respect to the constitutionality of racially segregated schools.’”30 He told the audience that the Civil Rights Act of 1866 “was specifically rewritten to avoid... State racial-segregation laws, including school segregation.This didn't deter Marshall. He recalled Dr. Kelly, and together with Robert Ming Jr., a former Harvard law professor, they drafted Marshall’s Brown brief. “It is not that we were engaged in formulating lies.... But we were using facts, quietly ignor-ingfacts and, above all, interpretingfacts in a way to do what Marshall said we had to do — ‘get by those boys down there.*”” [Emphases added.]
While Marshall was the NAACPs chief attorney he was also on the national committee of the International Juridical Association, which actively defended Communists, and he was on the executive board of the National Lawyers Guild, at the time the legal bulwark of the Communist Party USA. In 1967, when appointed to the Court by
Lyndon Johnson, he admitted that he
14
Vol. IV, No. 3
viewed the Supreme Court as a social reform group.33
In sum, Brown v. Board ofEducation, the landmark Supreme Court case that initiated integration, was based on amicus briefs by Marxist cultural relativists written in support of a collectivist organization that espoused simultaneously cultural relativism and metaphysical-egalitarianism. It was argued by a Marxist lawyer who was an active and whiting member of (at least two) known Communist front organizations and who considered the Supreme Court as a social reform group, using a brief that was blatant piece of historical fiction.The majority opinion that agreed with Marshalls package of relativist fiction was written by Communist sympathizer Chief Justice Earl Warren, who had virtually no legal experience (none as a judge), and who consistently based his decisions, not upon law, but upon radical leftist social, economic and political theories.14
Brown v. Board of Education, an abject surrender to collectivism, set the stage for the abrogation of individual rights. It was an easy usurpation. Since the late 1800s, states and federal government had been requiring ever increasing numbers of private individuals and businesses to obtain licenses in order to exercise their rational faculties in entrepreneurial or business enterprise. Remember, a “license” is government “permission to do a particular thing, to exercise a certain privilege or carry on a particular business or to pursue a certain occupation.”” In other words, government permission to live. With the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, following nearly a decade of Negro Communist coordinated “nonviolent” violations of freedom of association and property use, the exercise of the unalienable rights of freedom of association and property became illegal.
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 extended federal control over every citizen, business, corporation, and association extorted by tax agencies by extending the interstate commerce clause to find that their every act was a “state action.” It extended federal control to every act of every corporation under the theory that states “license and protect” all corporations. It federalized all “public” schools, and control over all elections without adjudication or hearing. It created the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission (in addition to the existing Civil Rights Commission) that could levy fines, penalties and administrative action without judicial process on private business; or if process was permitted, without trial by jury. The “Civil Rights” Act of1964, in other words, transformed every individual, business, or financial activity in America into an institution for social and political reform to prevent “discrimination” — which means, it made individual value judgments, individual associations, individual property rights, a federal crime.36 This “act” was the single greatest violation of individual and property rights in American history.
Quick on its heels followed the Voting Rights Act of1965. This eliminated literacy tests as a franchise qualification, thus permitting those who were ignorant of or hostile to our form of government the vote. It uncon-1 stitutionally extended “federal scrutiny” over local and state elections, placed state election machinery under Justice Department “observation,’’and appointed federal “examiners” to “monitor” local and state elections. This execration eventually led to Voting Rights Act of 1982, the “one-man one-vote” gerrymandering of “majority minority” (i.e., Negro and Mexican) voting districts. In other words, the tribalization of the franchise.
Don’t forget the “War on Poverty,” a Pandora’s box of welfare handouts, socialized medicine, and “grants” (read bribes) to Negro revolutionaries, extortionists and con artists (called “community leaders”) to buy-off the rioting that always followed in the wake of Martin Luther King Jr.’s “nonviolent” marches through American cities. Of course, once they had the bribes they rioted anyway. This was called “rage.” It was, and still is, forbidden to refer to Negro rioting and insurrection as anarchy. People might get the wrong idea.
The 1967 National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders (the Kerner Commission) was convened by President Johnson to “explore the causes” of uncivilized Negro behavior. Convened by Executive Order 11365, Johnson charged the Commission, “Let your
search be free... As best you can, find the truth and express it in your report.”37 On cue, and as scripted, the Commission found the “truth.” Anarchic behavior by Negroes was caused by “the inability of American society, dominantly white, to see and treat its Negro citizens fairly.”3® What was the solution? “[A] policy which combines ghetto enrichment with programs designed to encourage integration of sub-stantial numbers of Negroes into society outside the ghetto.”39
In other words, squander thousands of millions to “enrich" a Negro created environment, then export Negro anarchy into the white suburbs. White resistance to being extorted for ghetto “enrichment,”'and having anarchy imported into their neighborhoods, and their children exported to the ghetto, was called “racist.” After all, who were whites to judge Negro culture, or object to having it inflicted upon them?
Cultural Relativism Come Home to Roost
Fifty years of activist judicial dictatorship, federal civil “rights" legislation, federally encouraged migrations of Southern hemisphere barbarians, and the cultural relativist “tolerance” mind mangling of white children in federal Dewey Camps, prepared the ground for our nomenklatura to finally declare—with ecstatic anticipation — that in fifty years whites will be a minority in America. ‘President’ Clinton’s Advisory Board on Race, the female chaired and decidedly non-white Inquisition overseeing the so-called “national dialogue on race,” was convened to ensure a smooth transition for our (“our” meaning white) barbarian usurpers. Given the nihilistic cultural relativism	underpinning
“multiculturalism,” and “tolerance” for “diversity,” it’s clear that the National Race Inquisition, based on their “findings” over the past year, will reach, at the end of their “dialogue,” a foregone conclusion. A conclusion you’ll be forbidden to dispute or even question when it’s formally announced. The conclusion will be that the failure of barbarians to achieve “social justice” and
It was, and still is, forbidden to refer to Negro rioting and insurrection as anarchy. People might get the wrong idea.
The RESISTER
“economic justice” in America, is due to “white racism” — not their biological status as evolutionary losers.
All men are not created equal. What Jefferson held as a self evident truth is that all men in a republic are created equal in standing before the law. The various races do differ; metaphysically, epistemologically, psychologically and physically. Whites are the superior race, and Western civilization is clearly superior to all other cultures. Denying these facts is an irrational denial of an observable, objective reality. Egalitarian-collectivist propaganda that “race is a social construct” and cultural relativist notions that “all cultures have equal value” are such abominable lies, are so malignantly deceitful, that only one conclusion can be drawn about the motives behind them — the nihilistic sacrifice of America to inferior races and inferior cultures. Americas dictated from the top and agitated from the bottom “celebration of diversity” is explicitly intended to deracinate whites, demolish Western civilization, and reduce America to the level of Mexico or Africa.
Left to their own intelligence and value judgments (rational or irrational, objective or subjective) individuals will associate with and discriminate among whomever they chose. This exercise of individual liberty is, of course, intolerable to collectivists and egalitarians. Civil Rights Commission zampolitznd National Ad Council propagandists threaten us, “ Discrimination is illegal!” Translating News peak into plain English that means, “Individual value judgments are a federal crime.”
Maybe its time to rethink segregation (I like to use the word "Apartheid” because it gives 'liberals’ apoplexy). Between integration* and segregation, the latter is clearly the most benign ■ policy for the simple reason that the ’ races would (and always have), without government interference, self-segregated. Yet even so, amicable relations between individuals of segregated races are still possible because any such relations, such as they may occur, are by definition voluntary. Integration, however, necessarily strains, and historically has always ultimately destroyed, amicable relations between the races — as America’s integrationist destroyers well know and their nihilistic activism has always intended. For, just as government interference in favor of segrega-
tion merely acknowledges a situation that would, in greater or lesser degrees, occur without government interference, so does integration maliciously reflect a policy that must be compelled because it is, on the whole, unnatural and therefore may be impelled only through government interference by the only means at its disposal — naked force. The optimal solution, of course, is for government to simply leave everybody alone and tend to its only legitimate business; defending the nation and protecting the individual rights of all Civil Rights Corn-
men equally. But, real-	, , 0	_
istically, that’s not go- miSSIOIl ZUIfipollt and
mg to happen.	National	Ad	Council
Is there anything morally or ethically wrong with Separate But Equal? Of course not. Under a policy of Separate But Equal nobody’s natural rights are violated. A natural right is that which incurs no obligation to any other individual other than to not interfere in anybody else’s exercise of that identical right. For example; over the bathroom in my home hangs an antique (still in the original frame) Department of the Army Form # 11734. It reads: SHOWERS (and centered beneath that): White Officers (arrow pointing to the left); Colored Officers (arrow pointing to the right). Now, what individual natural right was abrogated by that sign or the policy it represented? The answer, of course, is, none, lust as there were no natural rights abrogated by segregated lunch counters, bus seating, housing, schools, or — dare I say it? — military units.
The so-called “civil rights” movement, given that it was inspired from its inception by Communist agitators and sympathizers, not only everted the common law meaning of civil rights from “those rights appertaining the acquisition, use and disposal of property,” to the communistic, “Human Rights Over Property Rights!” It also assured that the plaintive whine of conscious evil — “Can’t we all get along?” — has only one possible answer; “No!"
Given 'President' Clinton’s nihilistic “national dialogue on race,” which
propagandists threaten us, “Discrimination is illegal!” Translating Newspeak into plain English that means, “Individual value judgments are a federal crime.”
has all the trappings of an In^jT and the fact that whites at Inquisition hearings who simply state, “There* no
one up there talking about whites!" are
called “fools” by former cabinet members and forcibly removed from the audience by police, while native savages who scream, whoop, beat drums, and demand representation are not only left unmolested, but are consoled with “The issues are deeply felt,” by Inquisitor Judith Winston, should leave no doubt
as to the true purpose of integrationists or 1 the real goal of the Race Inquisition.That purpose is the criminalization of whites for creating the most free and prosperous nation in history, and the goal is the sacrifice of America to Colored looters.
Does the foregoing mean I’m a “racist?” If you mean do I judge the worth of individuals solely on the basis of their genes (the context always used in The Resister) — no, I’m not. Because I always have, and always will, judge and associate with men as individuals according to their individual merits and their demonstrated individual behavior, not their inherited gene pool. This is called “freedom of association.” Ifyou mean the word in its substantive form of the word racialism: “Belief in the superiority of a particular race leading to prejudice and antagonism towards people of other races, esp. those in close proximity who may be felt as a threat to one’s cultural and racial integrity or economic welfare”41 — yes, 1 do think whites, on the whole, are superior, because their historical scientific, economic, cultural and martial accomplishments cannot be matched by any combination of other races on the face of the planet.
Am I prejudiced and antagonistic “towards people of other races" who have as their stated goal the destruction of Western culture, the deracination of whites, and the collectivization of private property and busi-
ness? You bet I am!
Steven M. Barry
Vol. IV, No. 3
NOTES:
“My problem is that I never saw this as a First Amendment issue. I saw [the KKK] as a terrorist organization attempting to use the airwaves to create an atmosphere where terror could thrive. I felt that they were trying to plant the seeds of racial intolerance...." [Emphases added.] Ellen
Alderman and Caroline Kennedy, In Our
/ 7
Defense: The Bill of Rights in Action, (Avon Books, New York, 1991) Page 27 - 28. The quote is from Reverend Emanuel Cleaver (they’re always “reverend,” aren’t they? I mean, who questions the motives of a “reverend?”), who was a member of the Kansas City ACLU (“Communism is the goal [of the ACLU],” Roger N. Baldwin, Director, ACLU, 1920 - 1967), and a national vice-president of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.’s Southern Christian Leadership Conference (the controlling administrative staff of which were members of the Communist Party USA). Alderman and Kennedy are “fashionably pink” sympathizers of Communists called to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee, who they describe as “innocent persons who find themselves in incriminating circumstances, such as those called ‘Fifth Amendment Communists’ by Senator Joseph McCarthy.” The meaning behind the title of their book, In Our Defense, is, I think, rather obvious.
Bernard Bailyn, The Debate on the Constitution: Federalist and Antifcderalist Speeches, Articles, and Letters During the Struggle over Ratification, Part I (Literary Classics of the United States, Inc., New York, 1993.)
3 National Constitution Center, The Bourse Building, Suite 560, 111 S. Independence Mall E., Philadelphia, PA 19106.
Webster’s Collegiate Dictionary, 5th Edition, 1937. [I do not claim to have a comprehensive library of dictionaries. My collection does, however, span the defining periods of American history; pre War for Southern Independence, the “progressive” era, the “New Deal” era, the “Great Society” era, and the Oxford English Dictionary, 2nd. Edition. This permits at least points of departure from which to trace the Ministry of Truth’s manipulation of the meaning of words and concepts — and therefore how language is used, and thoughts are controlled.]
S OED,2,XIII. ibid.
Merton L. Dillon, The Abolitionists: The Growth of a Dissenting Minority. (Northern Illinois University Press, 1979). Page 66.
See: James R. and Walter D. Kennedy, The South Was Rightly (Pelican Publishing Company, Gretna, 1996), for a general treatment.
Otto J. Scott, The Secret Six:John
Brown and the Abolitionist Movementy (Times Books, New York, 1979). Page 87.
Noah Webster, An American Dictionary of the English Language, 1832.
The New American Encyclopedic Dictionary, Volume IV, 1906.
Dinesh D’Sousa, The End ofRacism y (The Free Press, New York, 1995). Page 117. See also: John R. Baker, Racey (Oxford University Press, New York, 1974). Page 61. “...for it marks the close of the period in which both sides in the ethnic controversy were free to put forward their views, and authors who wished to do so could give objective accounts of the evidence pointing in each direction. From the beginning of the thirties onwards scarcely anyone outside Germany and its allies dared to suggest that any race might be in any respect or in any sense superior to any other, lest it should appear that the author was supporting or excusing the Nazi cause.Those who believed in the equality of all races were free to write what they liked, without fear or contradiction.”
13	Loc. cit.
Ibid, page 185.
15	Loc. cit.
Elizabeth Wright, editor of Issues and ViewSy a newsletter that promotes self-help, quoted in D’Souza, page 184.
Ibid, page 187.
D’Souza, page 185.
Francis X. Gannon, Biographical Dictionary of the Lefty Vol. I (Western Islands, Boston, 1969). Page 142
Ibid, page 42.
Ibid, Page 144 -145.
Encyclopaedia Judaicay (Keter Publishing House Ltd., Jerusalem, 1971). Volume XVIII, page 823.
Loc. cit.
Eric Foner, Reconstruction: America's Unfinished Revolution 1863 -1877y (Harper & Row, New York, 1988). Page xxii. Foner, a Red, is of that school that believes “Revising interpretations of the past” in light of “changing definitions of history” [!] is the historians duty, especially if the past doesn’t conform to current ideology. (xix.)
E. Merton Coulter, The South
During	Reconstruction, (Baton Rouge,
1947).	
24	Shelley v. Kracmery 334 U.S. 1
(1948),!	in D’Souza, page 191.
27	Foner, page xxii.
28	OED, 2nd Edition, XIII.
29	Loc. cit.
JO	Gannon, 148.
31	Ibid, page 149.
32	Ibid, page 150.
33	Ibid, page 150.
34	Ibid, page 571 - 575.
3*	Blacks Law Dictionary 6th Edi-
tion.	
36	John C. Satterfield, Unlimited
Federal Control of Individual Businesses and
the StateSy (Co-ordinating Committee for Fundamental American Freedoms, Washington, circa 1963.) Page 2.
37	Report of the National Advisory Commission on Civil Disordersy The New York Times Edition, (E.P. Dutton & Co. Inc., New York, 1968). Page xvi.
38	Ibid, page vii.
Ibid, page viii.
The distinction between desegregation and integration begs definition in this context. Desegregate means, “To reunite (persons, classes, races, etc.) hitherto segregated; esp. (orig. U.S.) to abolish segregation in schools and other institutions,” while desegregation means, “such reunion or abolition.” [OED, 2nd ed., IV.] Integrate means, “To bring (racially or culturally differentiated peoples) into equal membership of a society or system...,” [OED, 2nd ed., VII, l.b.], while integration means, “The bringing into equal membership of a common society those groups or persons previously discriminated against on racial or cultural grounds.” [OED, 2nd ed., VII, lx..] Now, one of the Left’s most insidious propaganda techniques to mangle and misuse language. In this instance “de-segregate” infers a return to a condition that never existed; i.e., that “persons, classes, races, etc.,” must be reunited, when in fact the “persons, classes, races, etc.” referred to (i.e. Negroes), were never united with white Americans to begin with. The connotation of “desegregation” is that at one time we all lived in blissful harmony (Reconstruction), then something bad happened that resulted in segregation (Jim Crow), and now it’s time to return to our former blissful state (New Reconstruction). Never mind that Reconstruction was a military dictatorship, that Jim Crow returned harmony to society, and the Second Reconstruction is expressly stated by its proponents (‘President’ Clinton among them) to deracinate white Americans. If you notice, and object, you’re a “racist.” Desegregation therefore, along with it’s “non-compulsory” implications, is a coldly calculated lie.The word “integration,” however, openly denotes compulsion as its means of execution. But, given the irrational fear whites have of being called names by their destroyers, and having first swallowed the premise of “desegregation,” the nomenklatura does not expect that whites will cut such fine distinctions, or offer much resistance against the logical consequences of their blithering ignorance of their own language, or their gullible egalitarian faith that “all Men are created equal.” in every metaphysical and epistemological sense except (in the case of whites) before the law.
41 OED, 2nd, ed., XIII.
The RESISTER
AMERICA’S DEATH
BY 1,000 CUTS
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
Do They Take Us For Schmucks? Yes!
Get the Money!
The assault against Switzerland was baldly described on the
______World Jewish Congress
website. “The WJC and the Jewish Agency threatened the Swiss banking community with a series of measures, including boycotts, disinvestment campaigns, and class action suits in answer to a statement by the former Swiss president which Jewish leaders said verged on antisemitism."
Responding the Jewish demands for what the WJC itself described as “a $250 million compensation fund for Jews who might be entitled to money left in Swiss banks,” the former president of Switzerland said “This is nothing less than extortion and blackmail.” Of course it s extortion and blackmail. But if its Jewish extortion and blackmail, you will be called antiscmitic for saying so. The WJC announced that the Swiss had one month in which to issue an official retraction of the extortion-and-blackmail statement. Otherwise, they “would consider measures which had been advocated by WJC organizations and individuals.”
That the Jews could also call upon non-Jcwish groups to pile on was explained in some detail. “In the past, the Swiss had acted as a result of economic pressure. The present negotiations had come about as a result of action by WJC president Edgar Bronfman. There were other key economic figures who would also be called upon. 'We know who they are,' said WJC Secretary-General Israel Singer.”
On the same website we find further evidence of global campaign to "Get the Money!”
“European and other countries are
confronting newly-emerging memories and guilt-filled ghosts from the past. “Following the unprecedented media campaign, [and ] pressurefrom Jewish organizations, more than twenty commissions were established to investigate their fellow countrymens behavior during [World War IIJ... Many nationalmyths...have come into question.” [Emphases added.] Sheer propaganda! Do they take people for schmucks? Yes!
Besides Switzerland, planted guilt-trips have been laid on Austrians, the Dutch, and the	_
Swedes. The Swedes were “guilty” of selling iron ore to Germany!
The purpose is, as always, to soften up the victims so that they will grovel and consent to the looting.
A person credited by the World Jewish Congress for pointing the finger at potential sources of money is Sidney Zabludoff. He “has worked for the Central Intelligence Agency, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCen), and the White House.” We can probably assume that he was paid by the American government, but it is clear who he was working for.
In a probably unrelated develop-ment, the erection of an overweening European Union bureaucracy has some
strange results. We had read before about the nest of bureaucrats “empowered” to set detailed, uniform pan-European standards for raspberry jam and such. Well, the bureaucrats also feel “empowered” to dictate to the Vatican the precise standards for communion wafers.
Anani
H
Of course it’s extortion and blackmail. But if it’s Jewish extortion and blackmail, you will be called antisemitic for saying so.
ine>
F
The Vatican Grovel
ifty years ago is nothing* What about five hundred years ago, a thousand, maybe more? There is a constant demand for the Vatican to grovel officially on the subject of “antisemitism ."The latest mea culpa was still not good enough. Every comma and apostrophe was examined for evidence of some attempt to weasel out of the grovel. Its amazing, the way this hostility always seems to erupt against the pure and innocent Jewish people, wherever they go.
And Here at Home...
ere s a late March news flash. “In the first case of its kind to reach trial, a federal jury cleared a gun manufacturer of any liability in the slaying of a Hasidic [Jewish] student with one of its weapons on the Brooklyn Bridge.” A Lebanese shot some Jewish students in retaliation for the shooting of 29 Moslems in Israel. But the shooter doesn’t have ten million dollars, so sue the gun manufacturer. No dice. It isn’t often that a New ___ York jury shows good sense.
A New York court has declared the government of Iran responsible for the death of an American Jew in Israel, awarding the family more than a quarter billion dollars, presumably to be extracted from any Ira-nian assets carelessly left in the U.S.
Not long ago, an Israeli mother lobbied the U.S. Congress to cut off money to force the Palestinians to hand over suspects to Israel. It is also proposed that the United States monitor who's locked up in the Middle East, and whether they stay locked up. There is really no end to it, once you put on the globocop uniform.
So Hang Him for Something Else!
Hard to believe, but they’re still after John Demjanjuk. Demjanjuk is a retired auto worker who was put through about seventeen years of hell by an arm of the Department of Justice and the Israeli government. The Office of Special Investigations (OSI) was created for the sole purpose of hunting down and destroying people fingered by Jewish
groups. The despicable Soviet agent, Armand Hammer, in conjunction with the KGB and OSI, framed Demjanjuk as camp guard dubbed “Ivan the Terrible” during World War II.
A Jewish-authored book, Treblinka, described the killing of Ivan the Terrible. When this was mentioned at Demjanjuk s show-trial, the matter was dismissed with an offhand “we lied — just to make people feel good, you know."
Demjanjuk was not Ivan the Terrible, but that did not spare him from being stripped of American citizenship, sent to Israel for a show trial, and then spending seven years in solitary, waiting to be hanged. Eventually the Israelis admitted that he wasn’t Ivan the Terrible.
That wasn’t good enough for American Jews and the Justice Department, however. The basic cry is, “Well, hang him for something else!” He and his family have been ceaselessly harassed by Jewish groups. Hey, maybe he was a teen-age gate guard. Whatever.
The only good news is that an Ohio court was so revolted by this whole thing that Demjanjuk has had his American citizenship restored.
Endless Vindictiveness:
Part II
The unconscionably flabby German government “is contibuting $ 110 million to the Wiesenthal Center and adding 15 to 20 staff members for two years to a special Nazi-hunting prosecutor’s office.” The “Nazis” in question are disabled war veterans.
“Germany is going over lists of 996,000 people who receive pensions, including 33,000 who live outside Germany, and comparing them with the Wiesenthal Center’s list of suspects.” A “suspect” is anybody on the Jewish shit-list or their dependents. (“The law also applies to family members.”) It’s a wide net; in January 1997 there was foamed-up hysteria in Australian newspapers about “possible Nazi war criminals” getting their pensions!
After more than half a century of “Nazi-hunting,” they just want a finer-toothed comb! Who needs evidence; Jewish suspicion will do. Such fun, kicking the crutches from under an aged veteran amputee — or his widow, in case the veteran himself has already escaped the Endless Vindictiveness Pro-
gram. And making the German schmucks pay for it themselves...!
Shimon Samuels, speaking for the Simon Wiesenthal Center, was irate that nine out of eleven foreign governments being harassed to “cross-reference their records with lists of German pension recipients” are not “cooperating.” Only the United States (of course!) and Britain (so far) have fallen into line.
Give Us Pollard as a Birthday Present
Jonathan Pollard was apparently an extraordinarily productive spy for Israel. Whatever he was doing hurt so badly that an otherwise compliant U.S. government still keeps him locked up. The latest push is to induce President Clinton to send Pollard to Israel as a 50th birthday present to that country. Two Israeli cabinet ministers visited Pollard, early this year, at the federal prison in Butner, North Carolina.
Columnist Robert Novak (2-19-98) noted the comment of William Ginsburg. Monica Lewinsky’s lawyer: “Clinton is very positive toward Israel and the Jews and Monica and I are Jews. I don’t want the president to resign.
Who knows who will come after Clinton and what his attitude to Israel will be?”
A Jewish concern about the Pollard case, as expressed on the Jewish Congress website and elsewhere, has been fear that the “dual loyalty” — if that — of too many American Jews will become ever more obvious. Suppose people begin to notice that loyalty to Israel is keen, while loyalty to America is conditional on American service to Israel?
Meanwhile; Back on the Kolkhoz...
The Great Equalizer
President Clinton’s latest egalitarian gambit is to earmark a mere $400,000,000 tax dollars to make health and lifespans equal. In whatever category “blacks and other
minorities” fail to shine, federal dollars will be showered upon con-artists offering an alleged cure for inequality.
Be certain that both “lifestyles” and heredity will be out of bounds. Inhabitants of the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota have a horrible health record, because they have nothing better to do than drink. Gays die young because they wreck their immune systems. Blacks have a high rate of infant mortality because so many children are born to mothers who haven’t a clue. But we aren’t going to address that sort of thing!
There are other disparities which are either obviously or probably due to hereditary factors, but bet on it, there won’t be a program to ensure that “white men raw jump.”
Tngthe Census
he U.S. Constitution calls for an “actual enumeration” of the population every ten years, this enumeration to serve as the basis for Congressional representation.
The requirement couldn’t be clearer, but the Clinton administration is anxious to introduce a manipulable “fudge factor” to ensure that its favorite people — “minorities and the poor”—are enhanced in numbers. This administration’s seething mass of “advocacy groups” will do anything to swing elections and collect federal funds.
The 1990 Census led to wails from big-city Democratic mayors that their “minorities and poor” were undercounted, because federal largesse depends on bloating the totals. The fact that people were leaving pestiferous urban agglomerations in droves was an unacceptable explanation for diminishing population totals.
There are statistical techniques which might be used in good faith, but good faith is not the name of the game here. The Constitution calls for an “actual count,” not the self-serving cooking of the books we could expect from prostitutes in the field of statistics.
Ti to the Boy Scouts!
he American Civil Liberties Union is, as ever, in the vanguard of the struggle against
Such fun, kicking the crutches from under an aged veteran amputee — or his widow...
freedom of association. The ACLU andj its socialist allies hate the Boy Scouts of America because they discriminate against girls, scoutmasters with a yen for boys, and what’s this “brave, clean, and reverent" stuff?
Their effort to change or destroy the classic concept of Boy Scouts has gone on for a long time. The Scouts have fought a rear-guard action without any sympathy in the mass media. Liberals go for thejugular, cutting off donations, access to public buildings and so on.
The ACLU also has a real talent for infecting judges. A New Jersey judge decided that “James Dale, a gay activist and editor at POZ, a magazine for 111 V-positive people," had to be made a scoutmaster; the basis for this decision was the “public accomodation” pretext. The judge admitted that labeling the Boy Scouts a “public accomodation” was just a pretext, but said that any sensible decision “would frustrate our goal of eliminating the cancer of discrimination" from the fine state of New Jersey.
£
It has even been argued successfully in our cockamamie courts that barring undesirables from voluntary and unpaid positions in the Boy Scouts constitutes “employment discrimination."
In two states, girls are suing to get into the Boy Scouts because Boy Scout stuff is more fun.This is probably true.
I gave up on the Girl Scouts because in my day, Girl Scouts were instructed in the domestic arts. With younger siblings at home, I was seeking escape from the domestic arts, but the local Girl Scouts informed me that “fire," as in building a campfire in the woods, was something 1 should not expect to be doing anytime soon.
But the Boy Scouts wouldn’t have me. Make them take me!
Chop Us in Half!
Th | egative Population Growth, I Inc., of Washington, D.C.
^1 places full-page ads in liberal publications, “asking” Americans to cut our population in half. That would make everything “sustainable." NPG is asking less of us than Mikhail Gorbachev's “state of the world" gathering, which cheered the idea of chopping the entire human population to a tenth of its present level. Otherwise, we’ll destroy the earth and we’ll all be killed, trust us would we lie to you?
“Sustainable” is a codeword —
The RESISTER
watch for it. It certifies that the scheme is part of a vast array of foundation-supported policies.
Negative Population was established in 1972, when Rockefeller money was spawning many new “groups.” We do not mention Rockefeller sponsorship lightly. Population-control was a project of John D. Rockefeller,Jr. early in 20th Century, when he funded Margaret Sanger. Sanger’s pitch was “improvement of the breed,” a _______
pitch for selectivity which cannot be used today, of course. John D. Rockefeller III con-
As for depopulation methods, there are
There is a 1969 population-control memo published on page 342 of Julian Simons book The Ultimate Resource. It is now 30 years old and rewards a close look. Item Four was simple enough. “Encourage increased homosexuality.” The effort to do so became quite public from then on. Nowadays, foundation effort has spawned “GLBT” organizations on American campuses. GLBT stands for Gay Lesbian Bisexual [andj
Transgendered. People calling themselves GLBTs are favored because they are unlikely to reproduce.
tmued Daddy’s effort tWO basic approaches. Th*!ts the good news, until his death. This is	*	.	Arguments	made
just part of the clan’s MaSS murder IS one.... before Congress in fal
drive to “control” the human race and the earth itself. (Megalomaniac, maybe, but they’re into the fifth generation of control-freakery.)
Rockefeller money funded the Kinsey Institute for “sex research.” Beginning in the 1940s, the “Kinky”
Institute “proved scientifically” that ten percent of men are queer, and that little babies really loved being sexually molested by the staff. Founder Alfred “Kinky” had to be hospitalized when his own off-the-wall methods of selfgratification led to near-death experiences. In the wake of a couple of recent books critical of the Institute, its current director assured us that they are pursuing vital research, such as clocking how fast boys can....
On a more serious note, John D. Rockefeller, III was also personally responsible for buying off the Reverend Theodore Hesburgh of Notre Dame. It was part of the effort to change Catholic doctrine on birth-control. As an eager Rockefeller version of the “castle Catholic,” Hesburgh has been so useful in the full range of projects that he was made a trustee, and eventually chairman of the Rockefeller Foundation itself.
As for depopulation methods, there are two basic approaches. Mass murder is one. The Communists can give lessons. Prevention of babies can be less messy, although killing them isn’t. Sucking their brains out in broad daylight bothers some people.
Prevention of babies can be less messy, although killing them isn’t. Sucking their brains out in broad daylight bothers some people.
rvorof the Equal Rights Amendment, back in 1970, featured presentations by Zero Population Growth, another Rockefeller front. The Amendment would have “required” the drafting of women for the armed forces, and the mili-tary would then have to keep the women from getting pregnant. One enthusiast recommended loading the women with testosterone.
Other 1969 “proposed measures to reduce U.S. fertility”would use our own tax money as the carrot and stick. Suggestions were for a “substantial marriage tax, child tax, tax married [people] more than single, remove parents’ tax exemption, additional taxes on parents of more than one or two children.” Also, “reduce/eliminate maternity leave or benefits [and any] family allowances, [give] bonuses for delayed marriage [and/or child-bearing], and so forth. Under “economic deterrents” to having more than “1 or 2” children, we find “limit [or] eliminate publicly-financed medical care, scholarships, housing, [and] loans to families” with more than their small ration of chil-dren.”They even threw in a suggestion for “chronic Depression,” since the hard times of the 1930s had convinced responsible parents that they could not afford children.
Keep in mind that these social planners are the same folks who brought us fourth-generation unwed welfare mothers as public burdens. Their propaganda is curiously silent on this point,
20
Vol. IV, No. 3
seeking to ration the children of responsible people. Sometimes the pitch is that middle-class Americans “consume more of the earth’s precious resources” than the welfare leisure class. There is no mention of the consumption of resources by the multi-zillionaire Rockefeller clan.
A final column of proposals make it abundantly clear that “family planning” has but one objective, the prevention of babies, whether you want and can afford them or not. Under the get-tough column, population planners listed compulsory abortion, compulsory sterilization, “confine childbearing to only a limited number of adults, stock-certificate type permits for children, discouraging] private home ownership, [and] fertility control agents in water supply.”
In 1998, we’re still in the soft-sell columns. Negative Population Growth, Incorporated “proposed incentives [and penalties] to motivate parents to have no more than two children.” Portions of the 1969 plan which NPG dares to surface publicly include “eliminate the present federal income tax exemption for dependent children born after a specified date. Give a federal income tax credit only to those parents who have not more than two children. Those with three or more would lose the credit entirely. Give an annual cash grant to parents who pay little or no income tax, and who have no more than two children. Those with three or more children would lose the cash grant entirely.” (Leave your unauthorized babies along the roadside, like in China.)
In none of these proposals is there the slightest interest in whether those who willing to afford more children have the right to do so.The intention is that plebes will lose the right, the capability, and through indoctrination, the desire to have more than their ration of children.
River-Grab
Responding as ever to the land-grabbers, the Clinton administration proposes to ignore Congress and nationalize our rivers. Rivers, of course, have drainage basins, and thus more land that can be grabbed to “save” the rivers.
The pitch is that people in the target area should feel honored to have their river declared an “American Heritage River.” A $100,000-a-year bureaucrat
would be grandly entitle the River Navigator and placed in charge of the land and activities of the folks so “honored.” What can be expected? Witness the Corps of Engineers, which has declared puddles and wet lawns “navigable waters of the United States” for purposes of oppression.	<.
This is just another tentacle of the Green Landgrab, which has been traced back to its roots in the persons and fortunes of Laurance Rockefeller, Senior and Junior. Larry Senior began this project at least forty years ago.
Robbingjane to Payjean
Ah, “the chil-dwen”! Hillary Rodham, who produced one child and consigned her to a taxpayer-provided nanny, nonetheless fancies herself as the Big Smother of Us All, Chief of the Village it Takes to Raise a Child.
The per-child tax deduction allotted to taxpayers bears no visible relation to the actual cost of raising a child.The government gladly pays many times that deduction to raise a welfare mother’s child on the taxpayers’ money. So the federal number-crunchers have a very clear idea of costs. But parents caring for their own children are not what’s wanted. So Rodham-type proposals would offer more generous deductions to parents who put their kids in day-care.
....The Peasants Rejoice About the Miracle of Collectivism.
Stealth Statehood
March saw salad days for Washington lobbyists. Lawyers left out of the president’s sex scandal were available to participate in efforts to change the status of Puerto Rico. While the nation basked in blissful ignorance,
Washington’s newspapers were awash in full-page ads, and even 20-page full-color inserts aimed at the “hearts and minds” in Congress.
Why the Congressional March Madness? By a 209-208 margin (and that last vote must have cost a bundle!), the House passed a bill intended to push Puerto Rico toward statehood. There is no urgent problem, and it makes no visible sense. Does Speaker Newt Gingrich really believe that a state of Puerto Rico would send six Republicans to the House and two to the Senate — which was Newt’s pitch — or he is merely advancing another Establishment scheme to balkanize America. We bet on the latter.
As if to prove that the Republican Party has honestly earned the sobriquet of“the Stupid Party,” the six Congressmen to which a state of Puerto Rico would be entitled would have to be carved from the hides of existing states — such as the thinly-populated Western states — although New York and Pennsylvania are also candidates.
Puerto Rico, a century ago, was the final remnant of the Spanish Empire in the Western Hemisphere. From a geopolitical point of view, it made a nice guardian of the Windward Passage, the major entrance to the Caribbean Sea. This was especially important after the Panama Canal was completed. In other respects the island has been a drain.This impoverished dependency was an inviting object of solicitude during President Roosevelt’s New Deal. “Planners” descended on the place in droves and never left. It was the Puerto Ricans who left, so that about forty percent of them now reside in the United States.
Puerto Ricans are now well off by Latin American standards, with several times the per-capita income of their neighbors, yet “poor” by North American standards, with half the per-capita income of Mississippi. Puerto Ricans, still Spanish-speaking and “Hispanic” in culture, do not clamor for independence. “Commonwealth” status gives them American citizenship, places them inside the U.S. tariff wall, subjects them
This impoverished dependency was an inviting object of solicitude during President Roosevelt s New Deal. “Planners” descended on the place in droves and never left.
to the military draft, excuses them from #
income taxes, does not allow them a vote in Congress or in presidential elections, but extends to them a raft of “entitlements," not the least of which are the food stamps most of them live on.
Aside from a hard corp of activists, independence is a non-starter, since it would diminish the flow of goodies from Washington. However, as opponents point out, statehood could bring the United States a “Northern Ireland" or a “Quebec" type of indigestible problem. And then, a small but violence-prone subversive “movement" offers scope for foreign mischief-makers.
Why invite this? Well, we have a ruling class which yearns to rule the world, and in so doing, to demote the United States to a mere region or province. We should therefore get used to being “a minority in the world.”This is why we have the persistent Establishment effort to demote English, to “brown” the nation, to balkanizc it, and of course to socialize it.
The Nanny-State Messes with Your Car
A"$6.3 billion package of tax incentives and research" was announced by Fearless Leader “to mobilize cutting-edge technology in the fight against global warming." The president's notion involves “a $3000 to $4000 tax credit" for buying an as-yet-non - existent “mid-size" car getting 50 mpg, or $4000 for a car getting 75 mpg! Reminds us of the old L"il Abner cartoons featuring the Japanese "Nomoto Car.
Senator James Inhofe (R-OK) tried to splash ice-water on President Clinton's juvenile enthusiasm for cars miraculously achieving the mileage of motorcycles. Inhofe scorns the “global warming” myth; for that and other reasons, he is opposed to the “Kyoto global warming treaty."
And have you seen the Volkswagen ads for the latter-day Bug? It would be illegal to build the simple Bug today, so it's an expensive Safetymobile that looks like a Bug, but costs ever so much more! The pitch is toward aging flower-children, but I'll bet it “bombs" terribly.
The nanny-state also wants to force us to buy electric cars. Is the theory that fuel used to generate electricity is entirely different from fuel used to by internal-combustion engines?
On another front, Nanny Joan
Claybrook almost single-handedly foisted mandatory airbags on us. The fact that these bags have killed dozens of kids led to an Even Better Idea — how about “no kids under twelve in front seats” at all! (Wait for it.)
The nanny-state dictates that Detroit produce mini-cars with the protective characteristics of a candy-wrapper in case of accident. “Sport-utility vehicles” are roomier and safer than mini-cars. People like them, but a Congressman recently reported that he had never before encountered such “hatred” of SUVs as he found in the A1 Gore camp. So look for “tough new federal regulations” to dampen our enthusiasm.
Nobody loves a drunk driver, especially one who wipes out your kid. The origins of Mothers Against Drunk Drivers is understandable.
Being drunk (or zonked) is no excuse
As Buchanan points out, before the imposition of the federal income tax, soon followed by Prohibition, the only federal functionary an ordinary citizen saw was
“work, savings, and investment”!
As Buchanan points out, before the imposition of the federal income tax soon followed by Prohibition, the only federal functionary an ordinary citizen saw was the postmaster. Then came the Revenooers, and nowadays the feds are all over us.
“TheBazaar is Open”
hus was announced the bidding for Congressional votes on the Establishments 1993 North American Free Trade treaty. When the
Establishment as-1	sembles	all its ex-
presidents and would-be presidents to have them perform as a chorus, it means a really key piece of the New World Order is being set in place.
Pat Buchanan wrote of the final crunch on November 17,1993, “In the end, they had to buy it. In
,	-------------1 the end, they won the
the postmaster. Then bidding war, not the
for doing harm. But came the Revenooers, battle for hearts and MADD, like other	,	,	-	minds...The
“groups,” would have	and nowadays the	president’s men
to fold its tent and fade	feds are all Over US.	won...by buying up
away if it achieved its ______________________their representatives
goal. “Groups” don’t
do that, so it lobbied fiercely to have the federal government mandate a lower definition of drunkenness. They failed — this time.
What we are seeing, alas, is more of the nanny-state. The “war on tobacco” is just another aspect of the zeal of the abolitionist.
Tax Policy — Old and New
In his new book, The Great Betrayal, Pat Buchanan summarizes New World Order tax policy very succinctly. Speaking of tax and tariff policy reversals, he states, “The old Republicans taxed work, savings, and investment at 0 percent, and foreign goods at 40%. We (now) tax the return on savings and work at 40 percent and foreign goods at 0 percent. Thus we are starved for savings — and swamped with foreign goods.”
Critics of protective tariffs say, correctly, they often protect inefficient industries. On the other hand, there is a lot to be said for the old zero tax on
with deals on tomatoes, peanut butter, sugar, citrus, trade centers, C-17s and development banks.”
ixo une
M
No One Has Said It Better!
aureen Dowd of the New YorkTimes (!) suggests that Bill Clinton must have made the classic pact with the devil. “It would explain the extraordinary level of human sacrifice” around him, “why so many people around him end up dead, jailed, betrayed, shackled, exiled, subpoenaed, depressed, humiliated, broke, ruined, and smeared. (And, in the case of poor Buddy, neutered.)”
v^ensi
P
Censorship — ADL Style
rotect yourself from “harmful" information, ideas, opinions, and thoughts! The Anti-Defamation League of B’nai Brith has a computer program that will automatically kick over to its own web site any inquiries addressed to those disapproved of by this Jewish organization.
Vol. IV, No. 3
(Others of a suspicious nature may already imagine that websites adorned with lurid swastikas are out there as bait, to discover the identities of any who may “hit" on them.)
“U.S. Seeks to Foster Multiethnic Bosnia”
As if we haven’t given ourselves enough grief with “multiculturalism” — deliberate divisiveness joined with forcible integration — bestowing this policy upon unwilling foreigners seems to be the mission of the U.S. armed forces. General Wesley Clark’s job, as NATO commander, is to occupy this Balkan land until the political setup is satisfactory to the general’s masters. And who are they? Members of the Council on Foreign Relations.
General Clark was picked up by the CFR as a lowly major. He was plucked from an armor battalion in Germany for a government financed tour of duty at the headquarters of the CFR on Park Avenue in New York City. It is no coincidence at all that all American NATO commanders are CFR products who know what is expected of them.
The Powderkeg of Europe
Nobody in nis right mind really wants to get involved in the ancient and complex tribal wars of the Balkans. But those who think themselves anointed to rule the world are very busy indeed. Listen as the following Council on Foreign Relations member press forward with the bribery and arm-twisting. Madeleine Albright promises “decisive and firm action,” which one assumes to be rather muscular. Then we hear Jeane Kirkpatrick rattling her saber — “the longer we wait, the higher the price of our inevitable involvement” in Kosovo. Some 500 American soldiers, wearing the United Nations insignia which Michael New disdained, are the officially-designated “tripwire” next door to Kosovo in Macedonia. Such are the joys of playing globocop.
The “clear, limited, and achievable" Bosnia mission of 1995 turned out to be another Clinton fib. Clinton’s Oxford roomie, StrobeTalbott, caught the fib bug;“no mission-creep,” and notation-building," but with 8500 American troops mired in place, the New World Order can write the basic laws, design the currency and the flag, and
make or break the local politicos in and around Bosnia.
The Balkans were a mess under the Turks and then under the Austro-Hungarian Empire, a mess after Woodrow Wilson’s team fin-1 ished drawing lines on maps at the end of World War I, a mess during the interwar period, a headache to the German Army during World War II.
The Balkans are a mess now. To expect miracles here is as feckless as expecting miracles in Haiti.
Bring the Balkans Home!
In n The Resister ofWinter 1998 (Vol-ume IV, Number 2), Thomas Chittum expanded upon his possible scenarios for “Civil War II” here in America.This was shocking enough at first reading, but it becomes less so as one sits back and takes it in slowly. Certainly the stage is being set. Even as American troops are sent to play globocop in the Balkans, our own Establishment is keenly balkanizing the United States by creating separate, antagonistic ethnic groups within our country.
Georgie Anne Geyer, a well-connected lady journalist, knows about the role of the Ford (and Rockefeller) Foundations in deliberately sowing and nurturing disunity. She will go no farther than to make passing mention of it — which is more than other writers will venture.The Ford Foundation has spent 30-40 years building rabidly anti-American radical leftist “groups” claiming to represent “Hispanics.”They are funded to create “Chicano studies,” using outrageously slanted “texts” for these propaganda courses, and also to “prepare” people for their citizenship tests! We can thank the foundations for “bilingual education,” which is not intended to be educational. It makes jobs for apparatchiks, it reduces the likelihood of children speaking foreign languages learning English — and thus finishing school and becoming assimilated as Americans with a good future. Discontented minorities are simply weapons of destruction.
What the foundations have always done is to pioneer destructive “programs” and then fob them off on the
federal government, to be funded by the taxpayers and run by leftist bureaucrats. This leaves the foundations free to use their tax-exempt billions to create more and worse programs for the next escalation of trouble. Oversimplified? No. This is what they do, period.
This disaffection was recently manifested in a virtual “soccer riot” in Los Angeles, when the American team was trashed by a stadium filled with Mexicans living in the United States. A late 1997 issue of National Review (December 31) took a look at the forces of divi-siveness by Scott McConnell. In keeping with what appears to be the rule, he held short of exposing the financial underpinnings of a vast array of “groups” feeding Mexican irredentism. Nonetheless, his description of the situation was revealing, as far as it went.
Our Establishment hates us. Our “leaders” want to make a mess of America.
Yeah, Well, Aside from That....
It was about a one-day story, and in very few newspapers at that. A Chinese “in” with the Beijing authorities was in a position to offer fresh human organs. Plenty of prisoners could be executed to order. Well, so they “harvest” organs. What’s the big deal?
Hmm. Let’s smuggle into Chinese prisons a very slow-acting systemic poison. A prisoner about to be knocked offbecause there’s a purchase order for his liver could then take the poison, and die with the hope that whoever bought his liver would regret it in slow agony.
Partners in Sleaze
People like us wouldn’t buy any thing from either party, so this note is merely “for the record. The United Nations sells fraudulent Human Rights, while Benneton of Italy sells “overpriced sweaters with images of dying AIDS patients, kissing clergy, and genitalia.” Now they’re in partnership.
“In honor of the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Human Rights, Benneton will distribute a poster with text from the document surrounded by an ethnic rainbow of faces.” A spokes-
Our Establishment hates us. Our “leaders” want to make a mess of America.
man for the United Nations said, “We don’t have the money to bring this message to the people of the world."
I n small print, it says that these partners in sleaze are not really pushing each others products, so clear your mind of suspicion.
Saber-Rattling Ladies
Saber-rattling by the ladies is something you are also likely to hear more often, as the New World Order lumbers along its ordained path. Both Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former American U.N. delegate Jeane Kirkpatrick were breathing fire and threatening thunderbolts over Kosovo. Surely American boys, and let’s not forget the girls, should interpose their bodies between contending tribes, whether Balkan or African.
StrobeTalbott, Bill Clinton s roomie at Oxford and therefore a star in our foreign policy firmament, swore up and down that “nation-building”would not he the “open-ended” mission in Bosnia. So the mission is open-ended — it could drag on “forever” — while American money and military presence determines winners and losers in Balkan politics, supplies and trains armies, designs (lags, writes constitutions, and prints money for the “nations” being
“built."
Our Groveler in Africa
Our president went to Africa to apologize for “our" sins. This is a man who wouldn’t dream of apologizing for a single sleazy, disgraceful, and possibly criminal act of his own! None of us had anything to do with slavery, but there must have been
W w
a behind-the-scenes struggle to keep Clinton from promising “reparations” out of our pockets.
Actually, the cheering crowd in Ghana nearly solved our problem early in the trip.
Seeking a piece of that white magic, enthusiasts nearly hauled our Groveler-
W
in-Chief into the sea of black faces. He could have disappeared into a thousand little shrines.
Clinton’s groveling even embarrassed Yoweri Musaveni, the current dictator in Uganda. He told Clinton to knock it off, the African chiefs delivered slaves to port. (Lets note that any slaves from far-inland Uganda were
it into Victim Studies 101.)
Next stop Rwanda. We apologize for not sending troops to prevent the slaughter of staggering numbers of people. The more obvious guilt of the locals was passed over in silence.
On to South Africa. Since “liberation” it goes without saying that the murder of many hundreds of white farmers was ignored. But what about the number of blacks who were burned alive in the streets (“necklaced” with tires and gasoline), one by one, to enforce the rule of his hosts, the African National Congress?
Our president actually praised the perpetrators as brave “protesters”; not a hint that necklacingl was maybe a little over the edge....
The guilt-mongers, like Clintons newly-proclaimed “spiritual advisor,” the charlatan Jesse Jackson, milk “slavery” like the Holocaust. “Two million” slaves were allegedly shipped from photoopportunity Goree Island off Dakar in Senegal. As with the Holocaust, “do the math” and you will find the figures to be a tad inflated. Furthermore, Goree was French, and the slaves went to the French Caribbean, not to America. That’s not in Victim Studies, either.
Will the fact that the “noble hero” of the cleaned-up tale ofAmistad returned to Africa to go into business as a slave-trader make it into the curriculum?
The Dignity of the Presidency
It seems that there are all too many gag items on the market pertaining to Vaffaire Lewinsky, and they reflect poorly upon the dignity of the Presidency, leaving our undignified president aside. “Patriotic Profits,” a front for the Democratic National Committee, has been urging the apparel industry to forget about Lewinsky berets as a fall fashion line. No mention yet of Lewinsky designer knee-pads.
It may be fairly easy to influence sympathetic fixed targets like Gap, but what of the fly-by-night street peddlers? Tapes offering Lewinsky “hot talk,” plus sex toys and sex dolls reminiscent of the Oval Office are rather embar-
rassing. Even worse are Monicondoms in “intern ice” flavor and suggestions thatyou always pull on your “slick willy”
J
Tmly or Merely Seamy?
he New Republic wis recently in a twist over a recent auction of Kennedy memorabilia. Never mind the apparently moronic act of paying $1,100 for a plastic comb once used by JFK. Imagination led to the notion that perhaps the dandruff would be priceless for cloning purposes. But it turns out that a collector who already
9
had a Marilyn Monroe hairbrush could now sport a matched pair. Perhaps dandruff DN A can produce what Jack and
Marilyn did not.
Ponderers of public policy object that these auctions “privatize what should be public, and publicize what should be private.” But whoistode-termine the lines of separation? The memorabilia being deplored consisted of things JFK had presumably left lying around the office. It was picked up by his secretary, Evelyn Lincoln, and left to her heir, Robert White.
The Kennedy family feigned outrage. These items “once belonged to our father. They now belong to our family, to history, and to the American people." Translation: We got less than a lousy $35,00,000 from the sale of Jackies stuff, so we should be collecting on this as well.
The Kennedys did not prevail, although they cooled the bidding ardor by leaving the threat of lawsuits hanging over purchasers. Nonetheless, “a sheet of presidential doodles” brought $12,250, while $700,000 bought the very briefcase (less contents, of course) that JFK took with him to Dallas! The motivation of the Kennedy family was quite apparent — greed.
Tide IX
e are “just beginning to enforce Title IX of the Civil Rights Act,” declaims one of Hillarys appointees. Any educational institution snagged in the federal dragnet — which is to say, essentially all of them — will have to curtail mens var-
taken bv the Arabs, but that won t make
Seeking a piece of that white magic, enthusiasts nearly hauled our Groveler-in-Chief into the sea of black faces. He could have disappeared into a thousand little shrines.
24
Vol. IV, No. 3
sity sports and dragoon women into the gym so that men and women can be shown to engage equally in sports, whether they want to or not. Who cares if the girls don’t want to play soccer and lacrosse, and who cares if it costs more to put a boy on the football field than to put a girl on a field hockey team, and who cares if womens’ sports do not attract equal spectator interest?
School and college administrators can moan all they like; it doesn’t mean a thing to an “empowered” bitchy bureaucrat armed with federal muscle. And sport is just the beginning. Math, science, and engineering are “male-dominated"! It may be natural, but what has that to do with anything? Who’s to say that “a woman’s way of knowing” is not just as valid a method of determining the strength of a bridge?
Feminists in Academe have fumed at the resistance of “hard science” to their inroads. In squishy academic fields where nothing has to pass a reality-check, inroads have been easy. But activists have complained that “science works,” a fact which some regard as intolerable.
The Infertility Disability
No luck in having a baby? It must be some third party’s fault, or certainly a third party’s obligation to fix. There are a couple of approaches. First, you can blame your employer; “stress" must be having this effect on you. Pass a law to make employers include fertility treatments in the employee medical plan. Then impose price-controls on the price of female eggs for implantation. (Apparently the price has been going up, so “the poor” can’t afford them.)
And how about infertility as a federally-anointed “disability"? Lawyers are keen to argue that having babies is a major life activity, so the infertile are just as disabled as the halt, the blind, all addicts, sufferers from chronic lateness syndrome, and those who just can’t seem to concentrate.
WHY DO WE AMERICANS SUBMIT TO THIS?
by
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
A New Book From America’s Most Damning Critic of
Liberals
Why Do We Americans Submit to...
What?
The D-List—This is what liberals like to see in the rest of us.
Dumb, as in “dumbed down" and mute.
Docile, ready to be guided and trained, ready to accept any outrage.
Deprived of as much of our income as we will allow to be taken from us.
Dispossessed of more and more property rights.
Denied as many of our other rights as we will allow to be taken from us.
Devalued as citizens by the creation of hordes of “instant voters” in time for elections. Demoted from independent citizens to dependent subjects.
Deceived by the current propaganda line, whatever it may be..
Diverted from an examination of the true situation.
Denounced for destroying the earth, oppressing “others,” harboring bad thoughts.... Defensive and guilt-ridden about something or other, all the time.
Deracinated, if white — forbidden a sense of racial identity or pride.
Divided into “groups” or “blocs” for easy manipulation.
Demeaned, as liberals in government assert authority over private and family affairs. Degraded by the squalor of public miseducation and government corruption. Displaced from schools and jobs by federal pressure favoring federally-favored groups. Dispirited in the face of so much gone wrong, and so little chance of fixing it. Disoriented by inversion of laws and values — what is right is now wrong, what is bad is now good — and vice versa, of course.
Demoralized by the realization that any attempt to oppose liberalism will be ridiculed, denied institutional support, marginalized, and punished.
Disorganized as foundations expend their tax-free fortunes by organizing synthetic “groups” and anointing “leaders” to carry out foundation plans. There is no such support for those opposing foundation-sponsored “planned social change.”
Descabezado, or “beheaded,” deprived of leadership; potential leaders who are aware of and opposed to the plans of the liberal Establishment can expect to be smeared and, if that doesn’t work, ruined in some manner, usually financially.
And finally...
Disarmed is the ultimate liberal precaution. Anything can be done to diarmed people, as the history of the Twentieth Century more than amply demonstrates.
©1997 by Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
$20.00
RESISTER Books
Cash, Money Order, or Check	^	^5046
(Allow 5 weeks for delivery) Fayetteville, NC 28303
Vol. IV, No. 3
25
The RESISTER
¥
D. van Oort
These days, reality is so maligned, and reason so vilified, that our enemies sometimes dispense with even the slightest pretense of honesty. Because they openly admit their intent to lie, the fact that they then proceed to do so should shock no one. Below are some statements of intent, and some bald-faced lies. Just know what Communists, Fascists and nihilists are really made of.
so vou
Kids who kill is hardly a new story, but here we are having a national debate about it. That 's good. The question is how we will deploy our emotional firepower... Because the tragic stories linger longer now, they can be leveraged more easily for social change. Sure, the logic that connects this massacre to a larger social agenda is thin. But logic can be overrated. And so my irritation at media "lessons" subsides into a question. Which is worse: to take a random tragedy and make it a symbol that galvanizes the country ? Or to let the moment pass without any effort to channel thefear and emotion into something constructive? Id argue that the latter is worse.... [A]s the shots fired in Jonesboro reverberate around the world, let's harness the hysteria to the larger work before us. [Emphases added. |
Jonathan Alter, “Harnessing the I lysteria," News Week, 6 April 1998
I usually start this column with a quote in which the speaker pro-I claims that 'A* is non-’A’, which means that some essential fact of reality is not what it actually is. 1 do that because bad ideologies ultimately begin at that level, and that is where they must be demolished. But that nasty little demagogue, Jonathan Alter, didn't say that something isn't what it is. Me bla-tantly admits that there is no sound basis whatsoever for linking the Jonesboro murders to his "larger social agenda.” Then he whimpers (hoping you will believe him), that "logic is overrated.”
Thus he admits his intent to, a) lie
about the Jonesboro mass-murders so
as to, b) manipulate the blind emotions of the general populace. How can he I
admit that he is going to lie, yet expect his readers to believe anything he says after that point?
Because his statements were never directed at honest minds to begin with. Jonathan Alter wasn’t speaking to his
entire readership any- ______________
more than he was admitting to being a liar (Please! Help me before 1 lie again!). He
was speaking to a care- moral condemnation fully cultivated audience. The rest of us from a public that se-were supposed to aim-	debates	fa
ply see him as a con-	J
cerned idealist, character flaws of
desperate to sway this . \	•	•	_	j.
country away from the television personall-
Jonesboro type of car- ties. Alter (and those
who rally to him) know that and like it
nage which is becoming increasingly common. We are expected to feel that he "means well.” But liars
of Alters caliber never .......■■■■—	-
mean well. The very act
m
of lying to innocent people constitutes a deliberate assault against their rational interests.
Lies are not told without purpose, and are always told to induce new false
W
situations. Those false new situations are designed to lead you as far away from reality as the liar thinks necessary. Reality, however, is precisely where you r interests reside. You can have no rational interest in the unreal.
Think back on the last time you were provably lied to. What did the liar try to make you believe? Something which led vou away from whatever your ac-
0	j	0	»
tual interest was. He tried to trick you
into believing something which ultimately harmed you, either immediately or further down the road. And the lying bastard knew if. The fact that your reality-based interests would lead you to oppose him is exactly why he lied to you. He had to know what reality was before he tried to obscure it. He had to know what your interests were before he tried to sabotage them. No matter his excuse for lying to you, the fact remains that he knowingly and deliberately tried to hurt you. Those are not the actions of a friend (or even a stranger), but of a vicious enemy. Liars are the rational persons enemy and must be treated as such, withoutexeep-tion.
Even so, Alter didn’t lie; he merely stated his intention to. What you wit-nessed was a rallying cry. Not to his general readership, but from one liar to all other liars within range of his communication. This time, we were able to
hear that rallying cry because liars of Alters bent no longer fear moral condemnation from a public that seriously debates the character flaws of television personalities. Alter (and those who rally to him) know that and like it that way.
Alter s “rally lie" was intended to coalesce a cabal of liars around a specific cause that opposes your rational interests, and which you would op-
_________________Ipose	ifyou	could	con-
ceivc of it. If you thought clearly about it. If you refused to “channel the fear and emotion into something constructive” in order ro “harness the hysteria."
No, Jonathan Alter does not seek to harness your hysteria. That is simply the phrase he used to obscure his true inrent. What he seeks is to harness you
W
by means of your hysteria. I le was explicit about lying in order to do so. After all, logic is the process of non-contradictory identification of
W
facts. Among other things, that makes it a process by which liars are caught.
That is what he means when he says,
“logic can be overrated." I le is not making a philosophic statement, bur a tac-
.. .liars of Alter s bent no longer fear
that way.
tical one. He is saying that he and his little cabal of lying bastards should not expect to be caught.
And that informs you what he thinks of his readership. Those who were not intended to be part of his cabal. Those to whom his statements were never directed in the first place.
So, if Jonathan Alter opposes reality, scorns logic, intends to lie in the practice of demagoguery, and thereby reveals himself to be your enemy to the
J	J
core, shouldn’t you be afraid of such a
9
universe-hating nihilist ruling your life at gun point? Shouldn’t this fear lead you to eternal vigilance against him and his kind? Shouldn’t you be intolerant of
9
them, impolite to them, and unwilling to compromise with them? Shouldn’t you practice spotting them and their methods now so that, if needed, you
9
are well skilled at target identification? Dam ned right! So, let’s read our newspapers and news magazines with a highlighter in one hand and a scissors in the other.
Even if the theory [ofglobal warming/ is wrong, we will be doing the right thing in terms of economic and environmental policy I by accepting that theory asfact/.
Timothy Wirth, Undersecretary of State for Global Affairs, in a 1990 interview. | Bush administration, folks. |
If Jonathan Alter proclaimed to his formative cabal that, “our victims are too illogical to catch us when we start lying,” then Timothy Wirth is a member of an already-established cabal — formed after Vietnam — who proclaim, “It doesn’t matter if our victims catch us or not!" The only difference between the two is time.
The economic and environmental policy he speaks of is that form of socialism called fascism. Fascism is government control of private property. Socialism is government ownership of property. It’s a fine distinction. Socialists revile fascism because fascism allows property ownership as a facade to camouflage socialism. At least socialists admit to being thieves. Both of them tactically depend on the initiation of force against the innocent.
Ideologically, both fascism and socialism derive from altruism.That’s the doctrine that man has an innate duty to serve other men, and if he refuses, his “victims” may “punish” him for “violating” their “right” to enslave him in
the first place. (You can easily imagine who will use this lie to sabotage whose interests.) Altruism is not a doctrine of reason or reality. It is The Lie you are commanded to believe without question, especially when it contradicts what you know to be true.
The fact that people do swallow altruism is what encourages Wirth to openly state that it doesn’t matter if his victims catch his lies about global warming. If they believe the deeper lie of altruism, then the end justifies the means, and there-l fore the means arc not open to debate.
The concept of race is a social and culA tural construction, with no basis in hu-man biology...
In a letter to the U.S. Census Bureau from the American Anthropological Association.
We know that members of the media feel safe admitting their intention to lie for political gain. And we know that members of the government who have already politically gained lie because they know it doesn’t matter when they get caught.That sets the stage for all the liars who aren’t yet so confident in our
9
stupidity that they dare admit lying.
Yes, some concepts are social or cultural constructs (or both) with no basis in biology or in reality. Such as the nihilistic twaddle proclaiming that females are even remotely fit to serve in the military, as beat-cops or as firemen (just for an off-topic but irresistible example). Such as “environmentalism,” which proclaims on its surface that the environment will serve us better if we do not manipulate it to our advantage. Concepts such as fascism and socialism, which proclaim on the surface that the failure to own and control property will make us wealthier and happier. Concepts such as altruism, which un-derhandedly proclaims that individuals live better lives by sacrificing their lives to any and all comers. And con-
9
cepts that proclaim that the color differences in skin and eyes, the texture differences in hair, the medical differ-
ences in pathology, and measurable differences in general intelligence are all mass hallucinations.
Judging from its name, the American Anthropological Association is ostensibly made up of scientists. Judging from their timely (in time that is for the “national dialogue on race” and the Census Bureau’s plans to “guesstimate” — instead of actually count— minorities in 2000) they are more likely science groupies who hang around in the alley because they’re not attractive enough to get backstage.
This organization, having stolen some measure of claim to a legitimate field of science and having therefore gained fawning indulgence by our nomenklatura, formally held up four fingers, then demanded that government proclaim that it secs five. And if government decides it sees five, the next step is for it to use force to ensure that you see five as well. Or else. Which was the whole idea in the first place.
PET/1 distributed a humane education program for every elementary school in the U.S., public and private. Developed to teach children compassion for animals, this unique program reached more than nine million schoolchildren. These are just a few ofPETA s stunning triumphs on be half of our animal friends. Rut to win a permanent end to the undeclared — yet very real — war on animals... We need your help as a caring an imal lover.
Junk mail from “People |sic] for the Ethical [sic] Treatment of Animals’’
The notion of a “war” on animals is so absurd that it is not meant to be taken seriously, either by the liars who pretend otherwise, or by their victims. It is, however, meant to be absurd enough to distract attention away from the real war: the war on free individuals.
A war is an extended physical conflict between groups with the object of killing the enemy and seizing his territory or forcing his surrender. I lumans
Altruism is not a doctrine of reason or reality. It is The Lie you are commanded to believe without question, especially when it contradicts what you know to be true.
Vol. IV, No. 3
27
do not kill animals so that other animals will observe it and come to the table asking what they can do to save themselves. In their entirely, the goals of and activities engaged in by PETA, and others like them, are war waged upon us so that we will offer surrender.
They start with evil laws to protect “endangered” species, enforced by a government that is becoming quite experienced at killing us and seizing our property. They follow with a wide range of other wartime activities. They en-gage in sabotage when they sneak into laboratories and set the animals loose (never mind that those animals will just he rounded up again if they aren't killed by the natural and man-made forces those “caring animal lovers” cast them amongst unprepared).They use terrorism to create fear among the innocent when they throw paint on little old ladies who wear fur (hut not on hikers who wear leather and who are large, had-tempered and armed). And they use a wide range of propaganda, a minor fraction of which was both quoted and alluded to above.
The opponents who are to be beaten into submission arc those of us who use animals in any fashion to better our lives — which makes us the only defin-
W
able enemy. We will remain the enemy until we offer unconditional surrender. Fhc things we arc to surrender unconditionally arc our rights, our freedoms, and our rightful (and evolutionary ordained) dominion over this planet.Thc victor wc arc to surrender those things to is not the animal kingdom, which has no concept of surrender and no use for ours, but the squalid little nihilists of PETA, and their counterparts in similar movements and in governments the world over. Now that amounts to a war. Its no wonder that PETA would lie to distract our attention away from
W
it.
Whenever someone declares “war” on animals or the inanimate, what is actually declared between the lines is a war on human beings. Without exception. The “war on drugs” is a war on Americans who hold the Constitution as sacred and their bodies as their own property. “Drugs” are merely the excuse for that war. The “war on poverty” is a war on the productive. Failures and losers are the excuse for that war, and the would-be beneficiaries of it. The formative “war on crime" is a war on those of us exercising freedoms which
can optionally be used for committing crime. Criminals are merely the excuse
w
for it. A “war on guns” — I’m only surprised it hasn’t been declared yet — will be a war on those of us who are able to defend ourselves against the vermin waging all these other wars against us.
Criminals are already the excuse for that one.
Our ability to shoot back will be the
W
real reason for it.
Asking children to promise not to bring guns to school or use them to settle disputes is a bizarre response to the problem, an abrogation ofadult re-sponsibi/ity to control and get rid of the guns. [~
Well-meaning people must do better. The National Rifle Asso- \ ciation, far-right militias,	gun
manufacturers and those of US who are able lobbyists smite at this	.
to defend ourselves...
A “war on guns” — I’m only surprised it hasn’t been declared yet — will be a war on
naive cheerleading fspf, sell and distribute ever more handguns to feed their bloody lobby-ing coffers, and proceed with the killing business as usual.
Thomas O. Swallen, letter to the editor, Minneapolis Star-Tribune, Friday, 14 November 1997.
We expect lies from the anti-self-defense nihilists, and this one managed ten of them in only three sentences. That kind of skill is not honed by accident.
First, there is nothing “bizarre" about setting limits on children’s behavior. The only way that could seem bizarre is if Swallen is a very young or very stupid child himself.
Second, it is not the setting of such limits, but rather failing to set and enforce them that constitutes an abrogation of responsibility.
Third, that responsibility lies not with “adults,” but with parents.
Fourth, not even parents have a responsibility to “control” guns in the “gun-control” sense, but only to control access and use of whatever guns they own, or otherwise have within their property.
Fifth, there is no such thing as a responsibility to get rid of guns.
Sixth, well-meaning people cannot do better than to set rational limits on
Our ability to shoot back will be the real reason for it.
their kids’ behavior, enforce those lim. its, and control access to theirown prop. erty. There is simply nowhere “better" to go.
Seventh, all known militias arc armed, but not all are “far-right.”Some few are more libertarian than conservative, and others are far left (since “Nazi"still means “National Socialist").
Eighth, there is nothing “naive" about points one and six.
Ninth, the gun industry and pro-gun groups never lobby for blood, or in it. They lobby either for their rights to produce, sell, collect, modify and use
guns — and to thwart those who shed blood — or they lobby for a compromise of those rights.
lentil, those lobbyists do not and have not killed anybody, or threatened to.
Mr. Swallcn’s statements were nothing but lies and vague approximations uttered in a string of verbiage designed to not communicate information. 'They were designed merely to feel reasonable, an appeal to the type of hominid who reads for approximation rather than comprehension. You weren’t expected to examine them.
I lack the space to document the approximations. But, quite literally, if you strike out every word in those statements that is a lie, a vague approximation, or that semantically acts in the service of cither, the result reads: “Sell and distribute ever more handguns. Why, thank you. I think I will.
For many children, the school library is their window on the world. They learn about heroes, about options for what they can be in the world. So, where did you learn / ndians are savages I In the school library.
Delaine Eastin, CA school superintendent, as quoted in USA Weekend, 27 March 1998. | This article claimed school library books were outdated, be-
m
cause some said that “no one has yet visited the moon" and others said “boys fix things, girls need things fixed.”|
28
Vol. IV, No. 3
The lie here is more subtle, because you are supposed to tell it to yourself, under pain of (unearned) guilt if you don’t, and then you are supposed to deliver your children for indoctrination in the same falsehoods.
The lie is that Indians were not savages. You aren’t supposed to notice that they epitomized the behavioral meaning of the word. In the mind-mangling universe of the child-indoctrinator, there is no such concept as savagery. It is to be obliterated without question. You are forbidden to think it. And if you can’t think “savage," on one end of the scale, you can’t think “civilized" on the other, because the two are linked by virtue of being opposites on that same scale. You are to throw the scale away, and never measure anybody with it again.
Why? Because if you refuse to apply the term “savage” to those who epitomized it in the past, you can be talked out of applying it to those who epitomize it today. And then they can get away with anything, free of all the consequences which ought to be accorded them. That is what they are trying to teach your children, and why. l ake a wild stab at whether the savage or the civilized interests are being sabotaged. And take a wild stab at who is going to pay for it. I ,ook around; its already bc-gun.
Here's the picture in a nutshell. Your planet is in serious trouble —from pollution, toxic waste and the loss of forest,farmland and fresh water... Your parents and Grandparents have made a mess of looking after the earth. They may deny it, hut they're little more than thieves. 1Indthey're stealing your future from under your noses.
Captain Kco, in a children’s book about saving the environment. |Thc story concerns a cartoon character who comes from the soul of the earth to teach children how to save the planet. |
The above is the end result of practicing what Jonathan Alter preached at the start of this column.
This planet is not in trouble of any kind, as any serious scientist or five minutes of honest thought will tell you. Looking after the entire planet is not anybody’s responsibility, but looking after one’s children is. Today’s parents and grandparents didn't make a mess
of the earth. But they did make a mess of this culture, as reflected particularly in what they permit their children to be taught in what are euphemistically called “schools."
You cannot become a “thief ” by stealing what already belongs to you. Nothing belongs to children that wasn’t explicitly given or permitted to them by an adult in the first
jjr
place. And the only things being destroyed which those children will grow up to need are their freedom and the industrial capacity to keep them and their own children fed, clothed, housed and armccL
Now, in the years I’ve been writing this column, “Captain Kco” is the lowest piece of filth I have yet encountered. It would take a very rare person of pure focused evil to go behind adult backs to say that to their children, even if the things being said were true, if the standard of assessing them was reason, and if the goal of saying them was freedom. But to do so when the things being said are lies, the standard is nihilism, and
Remember that any unspeakable monster who would so blatantly and vi-ciously lie to your children for so evil a
w	w
cause as “environmentalism” is utterly unworthy of politeness and tolerance. Remember that dehumanizing the enemy is appropriate when the enemy proves himself subhuman by his own action. And remember that cowards
who lie to your children aboutyou behind your back are only
\w	J
slightly less subhuman than those who rape or kill them. This includes any “teachers" or school	board
apparatchik who did not author the lies, but who knowingly infect your children with them in order to turn them against you. Do what your beliefs allow you to. (Mv own beliefs
J	*
set no limits on what to do to the enemy in extreme cases like this).
And remember; you did not destroy
r	J
your children’s future. But Captain Kco and his pushers will. Their future and yours. That is the explicit purpose of the character and of the lies he tells children
Take a wild stab at whether the savage or the civilized interests are being sabotaged.
the goal is fascism — well, the reader will have to devise his own description, because I can’t rightly expect the editor to print what I really want to say the way I really want to say it.
J	J	•
But I can say this much: anybody who tolerates Captain Kco deserves the little Stasi informants, and future cco-commies, he is intended to create. Oh yes they do. Even though their children deserve better.
Anybody who will not tolerate it, es-
m	w
pecially if you have children of the age that book is geared toward, whatever that age would be today (second grade? fifth grade? college?) is hereby advised to visit their children’s school. Tell them that you are concerned about the envi-ronment (your children’s learning environment; hut don’t tell them that right away), and ask if they have Captain Kco in their libraries, or use it in their classes. If not, thank them, and tell them why you asked. If they do, then vent your wrath, remove your children from that school, and do whatever is within your value system and your means to
J	J	•
educate your own child. If your child has been exposed to Captain Kco, try to undo the brainwash the author of that filth has deliberately and knowingly inflicted upon your child’s mind.
29
The RESISTER
COMMENTARIES
from readers
PERMANENT PMS
■	by
K J. Miller
Lie, Deny, Make Counter Accusations
Last summer, the American carrier USS Abraham Lincoln returned to home port. Of the eight female pilots assigned to Air Wing 11, one was killed, three were subjected to Field Naval Aviator Evaluation Boards and grounded due to substandard performance, and a fifth left carrier aviation after a dangerous landing-
Due partly to a race to heat the Air Force with the first women in combat aviation, the Navy instead won an un-intended and tragic distinction when Lieutenant Kara I lultgrccn stalled her F-14 on approach, inverted the aircraft then ejected head-first into the ocean. Initial Navy spin blamed the 1994 fatal crash on engine failure, hut subsequent official investigations revealed pilot error.
An Inspector General's report documents unprecedented training concessions extended to IT I lultgreen and the other female pilots to insure rapid gender integration. Seven months after I lultgreen flew her F-14 into the ocean, IT Cary Lohrenz was removed from
W
flight status due to similar performance difficulties. In a lame attempt to litigate respect, the Tomcat driver soon filed a lawsuit against the Navy charging she had been unfairly discriminated against.
Permeating the carrier environment are hazards such as jet fuel, high decibel noise, extreme vibration, and toxic fumes. To avoid potential birth defects and lawsuits, the Lincolns commanding officer ordered pregnancy tests prior to transfer to sea duty. In fact, pregnant servicewomen are law from flying ejection seat aircraft,
30
high performance aircraft (2gs or more), aircraft involved in shipboard operations, or those flying 10,000 feet without extra oxygen. The Captain’s order wasl met with outright defiance, with one officer drafting a letter to her congressman, and another calling the Navy’s complaint hotline. Snarled LT Lohrenz; “1 wouldn’t be dumb enough to be out on a carrier drinking JP-5 (jet fuel) floating in my KoolAid and having a kid. And here he trusts me to fly his jet and yet he doesn’t trust me to hatch my own baby.”
No evaluator dared use the word “bitchy”
they performed poorly. But they didn’t know how to deal with crying." Due to fears over charges of sexual harassment, debriefs done in private were considered, then rejected.
The consistent monitoring by political commissars has affected the infantry as well. Sexual misconduct is supposedly wrong, but the Army’s pregnancy policy provides generous benefits to unmarried servicewomen. Co-ed field tents are common in Bosnia, and pregnancy requiring evacuation occurs every three days there.
The Amazon myth notwithstanding, the Army Research Institute reveals that 45% of female Marines can not throw a live hand grenade safely beyond the 15 meter bursting radius. Bvsim-____ply redefining success
through gender-norming the criteria for achievement however, proficiency tests
or “whiny,” but Land- become much lessde-
• p* i	msindinc.
ing Signal (Jmcers reported female pilots were often more defensive or argumentative than the men when debriefed.
Feminine-
Wl
r
Lemming-Down the Military Ihile pondering the relative difference between a pregnancy test and the required drug test for all Naval aviators, note that the carrier air group commander was accused ofMpaternalism” for admonishing male officers not to use foul language in the presence of women. Of course, had he allowed the usual earthy banter, he would have been accused of “tolerating a hostile work environment” faster than your attorney can say “Tailhook."
No evaluator dared use the word “bitchy” or “whiny," but Landing Signal Officers reported female pilots were often more defensive or argumentative than the men when debriefed. Added the Inspector General’s report: “The LSOs were used to seeing men curse, throw objects, and kick things when
Many have criticized that due to unprecedented political rules of engagement, American forces fought the Vietnam War with hands tied behind their backs. The	present
“ungendered vision," with its abandonment of rationality, standards, and differences, puts reason in retreat by compelling military leaders to confront a domestic philosophical enemy with their brains tied behind
J
their backs.
Physical, sexual, and cultural differences do separate women from men. Ignoring this reality in the civilian workplace might make for an interesting social ‘science’ experiment. In the military, however, it costs lives and does the Republic a severe disservice in preparedness. “GI Jane" is increasingly a dangerous liability.
Vol. IV, No. 3
OBITUARIES
ELDRIDGE
CLEAVER
Another Useless Mouth
by
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
How do you become listed by the World Book Encyclopedia (a set pitched at the public-school level, so you know where “research papers” come from) as one of the towering figures of “The African American Journey”? By spending the first half of your life as a criminal rapist and rabble-rouser, and the second half of your life avoiding work.
So endeth the days of Eldridge Cleaver, who died of something they would rather not mention. (Rather than AIDS, my guess would be an overdose.) Born in Arkansas in 1935, Cleaver began his criminal career as a teenager in California. In 1957 he was convicted of assault with intent to murder, and was locked up from 1958 to 1966. While in prison, CNN reported, this profound thinker “wrote a powerful set of essays outlining his views on racial issues and revolutionary violence.... In one essay. Cleaver described his rape of white women as “an insurrectionary act. It delighted me that I was defying and trampling upon the white mans law... and that I was defiling his women.” If you wrap rape in politically-cor-rect rhetoric, white liberals will swoon and give you fat book contracts. Cleaver’s Soul on Ice, expressing the above profound thought, was aggressively merchandised by the big bookstore chains and pushed as required reading in liberal high schools, colleges, and universities. By 1970, this method had “sold” 1,400,000 copies of Cleaver’s screed.
Fresh out of prison, Cleaver “helped to found” the Black Panthers. As the reader may imagine, the Panthers are described as well-meaning souls caring for the poor, rather than dope-dealing thugs not averse to murder. They conducted an armed assault on the California state legislature, an episode which tends to go unmentioned by liberals, lest it inspire others.
The World Book would rather airbrush Cleaver by announcing that in 1968, “Cleaver ran as the United States presidential candidate of the Peace and Freedom Party.” This was a well-known Communist front, but you will not discover that from any liberal “reference work." The World Book daintily mentions that “he became involved in a shooting incident.”
The Salt Lake Tribune was more forthcoming; “After a 1968 shootout with California police, Cleaver was wounded and another Panther died.” So, with the aid his Peace-and-Freedom friends, he skipped to Algeria and made the grand tour of Cuba, China, and North Vietnam. Since American liberals realized that he needed even more money than his royalties, McGraw-Hill publishers offered a $350,000 advance for more of his philosophical musings.
Having sampled the joys of Communist life, Cleaver wheedled his way back into the United States in 1975, claiming to have had a “religious conversion.” Another book. Soul on Fire (1978) did not receive anything like the attention of his titillating first. More arrests, more parole violations. Employment seems to have consisted of speaking before conservative groups, claiming to have seen the light. He tried fundamentalism, he tried Mormonism. He was baptized by the Mormons in 1983.
By 1986, Cleaver “sought the Republican nomination to the United States Senate from California” (World Book), but evidently cooler heads prevailed. Cleaver claimed that his Mormon campaign managers “stole $350,000 in campaign contributions.” (There oughta be a law!)
Another episode curiously omitted from pages of media praise was his venture into fashion design. How about trousers with codpieces — call 'em “cleavers.” You know — ifyou’re a rapist and ya got it, flaunt it.
Cleavers college speaking gigs often left a wake of disappointed blacks,
some of whom complained that they had been “ripped off" by not hearing the old Panther fire and brimstone.
Cleavers last reported ideological stop was, would you believe feminism? In 1995 he stated “I am now working with a group of people who are working (how they love to pretend to be “working"!) to enter the next millenium in a new way — by electing a woman president. The thing I keep pushing is that she be a mother. We’ve got to do something drastic because this old-boy network is killing us.”
We’ll miss Eldridge, won’t we?
So endeth the days of Eldridge Cleaver, who died of something they would rather not mention.
(Rather than AIDS, my guess would be an overdose.)
The RESISTER

The line of demarcation between friend and foe...passes a nonphysical, often ideological boundary, which must however be expressly delineated if we want to reach yi	the adversary and to defeat him.
___RogerTrinquier
Report
Intelligence is a simple and self-evident thing. As an activity it is the pursuit of a certain kind of knowledge; as a phenomenon it is the resultant knowledge.
Sherman Kent
Periodic
\
MISSING AMERICAN POWs
What Happened?
'	ty
Joseph D. Douglass Jr-
© 1994byJ.D. Douglass Jr.
During the Korean and Viet Nam “wars” captured American soldiers were abandoned to their fate by the ruling elite (who consider us peasants anyway) and their Starred Toadies who were too concerned about making their next star to give a damn about the fate of their men. When next you read or hear a Starred Mouthpiece coo about Americas Partnership for Peace" with the Soviets, or “detente” with the Chinese, or “understanding” with the North Koreans, or “normal relations” with the Vietnamese, keep Mr. Douglass article in mind.Then ask yourself: “The chain of command demands our trust—based on what precedent?" [SMB]
The single most basic principle of persona! honor in A meric a s armedforces is never willingly to leave a fellow serviceman behind... Sometbingvery real happened to each of those brave men, and our country will not be at peace with itself until we are morally certain we have done all we could to find out what.
Report of the U.S. Senate Select Committee on POW/MIA Affairs, January 25,1993
Over the past four years, the efforts of many years work by families and friends of missing American POWs has begun to bear fruit. Numerous researchers have combed the files and isolated critical and revealing in formation. Two Senate committees have helped declassify information and focus yet additional attention on the problem. Individuals with special knowledge have come forward and shared that knowledge. While much more work remains, the conclusions that have begun to emerge make the search now even more real and urgent than ever before.
We now know, without question, that Americans, both military and nonmilitary, were left be- ———— hind following World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. Hundreds were abandoned in Viet-
munist countries; specifically, to the Soviet Union and China.
Subsequent efforts of our government to learn what happened to missing American servicemen have been and still are. dominated by duplicity and incompetence and by efforts to hide or sabotage information and stonewall efforts to obtain information that confirms the abandonment of American servicemen and the possibility that some are still alive.
There have been a steady progression of live sightings of American POW/MIAs in Southeast Asia since 1973 and continuing up to the present. Unfortunately, U.S. intelligence efforts to pursue this and related data can hardly be called serious; rather they have been characterized as naive, gross negligence, and criminal neglect.
Beginning three years ago, a strange set of circumstances led the Conservative Research Center to begin its own investigation into the POW/MIA __ problem. Years earlier, a member of our staff had learned about some special experiments con-
Hundreds were abandoned in Vietnam and LaOS9 thou- ducted on American
ISK s“ds	Korea,
an^en^f thousands and tens of thousands tary intelligence doctors during the Korean
in Russia following World War II.
In each case, there[ was clear knowledge that American men were being left behind. However, for reasons of "political expediency," U.S. government officials at the highest level chose to ignore these men and deliberately misrepresent the situation to the American public.
It also increasingly appears that, in direct and known violation of international law, hundreds of American POW/MIAs were moved from Korea and later Vietnam/Laos to other Com-
in Russia following World War II.
War. When the POW/MIA search B■BBB5B efforts gained publicity three years ago, the potential significance of this information surfaced and we decided to return to the source of the information. What the source had to say was shocking — not only because of its clear relevance to the POW/MIA search but additionally because of efforts of elements within the U.S. government to discredit the source (without even knowing what the source had to say) and to suppress his information.
The source is Jan Sejna. General Major Sejna was a high-ranking official in the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia and the Czechoslovak Army prior to his defection to the United States on February 25, 1968. Among the positions he held were Chief of Staff to the Minister of Defense; member of the Ministers Kollegium; member of the Central Committee, the National Assembly, and the Presidium; member of the bureau at the Main Political Administration; first secretary of the Party at the Ministry of Defense; and secretary of the Defense Council. Incidentally, the Defense Council is the highest decision-making agency in the communist system in areas of intelligence, counter-intelligence, national security, deception, and the economy.
General Major Jan Sejna remains the highest level communist official ever to defect to the West. He was a member of the decision hierarchy with unparalleled access to the most sensitive defense and intelligence plans. He was there and in a position to know what was happening. His story is most sobering.
Because of the clear importance of this information to the POW/MIA search and because of the proven value and credibility of the source’s information over the years'—indeed, it seems hardly likely that the Defense Intelli-
*	W
gence Agency2 would have given him a staff position, let alone kept him on hoard and repeatedly sought his knowledge and advice for over fifteen years and continuing today, if he were not trusted—we decided to bring this information to the public’s attention.
What Happened?
An Overview
During both the Korean and Vietnam Wars, General Sejna explained, the Soviet Union, assisted by Czechoslovakia, used American POWs as guinea pigs in military medical intelligence experiments. Experiments were run to determine the limits of physiological and psychological stress the captive GIs could endure.The Soviets justified these tests to the Czech leadership on the basis of their need to determine how well the Americans could stand up to the rigors of all-out war.
American and South Korean and South Vietnamese POWs were exposed to chemical warfare agents and
biological warfare organisms to test their susceptibility to the different agents and organisms. The Soviets wanted to learn if the American GIs were any more, or less, vulnerable than the Soviet soldiers to the experimental agents they were developing. The Soviets also wanted to knowifthen^vere any differences between the races— black, white, Hispanic and Asian—in their biochemical vulnerability to the agents.
The captive GIs were also used as subjects in testing the effectiveness of military
# I
intelligence drugs, including a wide variety of mind-control and behavior-modifi-cation drugs, which, incidentally, were used during the Korean War to cause American servicemen to speak out on the evils of capitalism and on the benefits of communism.
The Soviets exposed GIs to atomic detonations to determine how much atomic radiation was needed to kill or incapacitate a man. Lethal doses were administered and then the GIs were watched to determine how long soldiers could function and to learn if there were any drugs that could be used to prolong their ability to perform military tasks before permanently succumbing to the radiation. Pests to determine the longterm consequences of sub-lethal dose levels also were run.
Experiments were conducted in military hospitals in North Korea during the Korean War and in military hospitals in Laos and North Vietnam during the Vietnam War. American POWs were also moved to the Soviet Union for experimental purposes from North Korea following the end of the Korean War and from Laos and North Vietnam during the Vietnam War.
Finally, autopsies were performed on the servicemen who did not survive the experiments to determine ethnic differences in biochemical makeup and to verify the effects of different drugs and biological organisms on the body, the heart and brain in particular.
Korea:
The Operation Begins
Czechoslovakia’s participation in the Soviet medical intelligence operation began early in
the Korean War, when it was directed by the Soviets to build an experimental hospital in North Korea.The plans were drawn up by the Military Project Institute, which was part of the Construction Administration of the Czech Ministry of Defense (MoD). Phis Administration also contained a special department that was responsible for secret projects, especially those in foreign countries, and that managed the construction of the hospital. ‘
Ostensibly, the hospital was built to test new medical procedures for treating military casualties and for training young military doctors. That was its cover; but not its sole mission. It also served as a special, highly-secure medical intelligence facility in which captured American and South Korean servicemen were used as guinea pigs in the types of medical experiments previously enumerated. The Czechs also built a crematorium in North Korea to dispose of the remains of those GIs who did not survive the experiments. What happened to the soldiers who did survive the experimental procedures for treating military wounds is not known. I lowcvcr, in light of the sensitive nature of the f acility, it is doubtful that any were ever returned to the regular POW compounds, nor did Sejna recall any report or discussion that suggested that any of those GI patients were ever returned to the North Koreans.4
The overall operation in North Korea came under the authority’ of the Czech General Staff deputy director of military intelligence for strategic intelligence, Colonel Rudolf Babka. Babka was a hard-line Stalinist who had been brought in to replace a bourgeois general. Col. Babka was sent to North Korea under diplomatic cover as an official of the foreign ministry, which was only a deception. After the war, he was promoted to head of the General Staff Foreign Administration, which had both an overt and covert function. Overtly, the Foreign Administration negotiated foreign military assistance with various defense attaches. Covertly, it was a military intelligence front used to manage special clandestine overseas operations.
Experiments were run to determine the limits of physiological and psychological stress the captive GIs could endure.
The experimental Czech hospital in North Korea was designed to handle two hundred “patients.” In actuality; the hospital was often overcrowded. One year, six hundred patients were treated. At times the hospital was so crowded that two patients were required to share one bed. The individual who actually ran the hospital was Colonel Professor Dr. Dufek. Dr. Dufek, a former Soviet* citizen who had emigrated to Czechoslovakia, was a heart specialist in charge of research at the Czech Central Military Hospital in Prague.* Sejna discussed the operation with both Col. Babka and Dr. Dufek, and was present when they briefed the Minister of Defenses Kollegium7 on the hospital and its operation.
Roughly eighteen Czech doctors were involved in the North Korean operation, and over twenty Russian doc-
W
tors. In preparation for their assignment, several of the Czech doctors were given special training in atomic radiation and its effects on the human body
0
at the Institute for Nuclear Medicine in M oscow/l hese were the doctors who conducted the radiation experiments in North Korea. Each of them was required to sign a statement saying that they volunteered for this assignment. For these experiments, radio-isotopes were brought to North Korea from the Soviet Union for use in radiating the
GIs.
Experiments Following the Korean War
In 1954, after the Korean War armistice was in effect, the Soviets decided to terminate the operation and turn the hospital over to the North Koreans. This decision was made by the Soviet Defense Council and then coordinated with the Czech Defense Council.11 As indicated earlier, the Defense Council was the critical organization where issues in matters of intelligence, counter-intelligence, defense and strategic aspects of foreign and economic policy were decided.’Phis Council was composed of a very select collection of the six most powerful strategic lead-
ers.'°	-
As part of this decision to terminate operations at the hospital in North Korea, the POWs who were of no further use—that is, those whose mental or physical impairment had significantly diminished their utility as good medical subjects—were killed and their
remains cremated. Those who were being used in experiments that were not completed or who were still of experimental value—roughly one hundred GIs—were shipped to the Soviet Union where the experimental work was to continue. For example, one of the experiments to be continued would determine the long-term effects ofsub-lethal doses of atomic radiation. To the Soviets, “long-term” usually meant several decades; fifty years was typical. In the case of sub-lethal radiation effects, the Soviet interest included effects of radiation on the soldiers’ reproductive organs and on their subsequent children and grandchildren.
The POWs were shipped to the Soviet Union by air in four
J
roughly-equivalent plane loads." They first stopped in Prague, where the G Is
...those whose mental or physical impairment had sig-
were given medical nificantly diminished exams before being their utility as good
medical subjects— were killed...
sent on to various experimental medical test facilities in the Soviet Union. The stopover typically lasted about a week. Its purpose was
security—to “break the trail,” so that /
the Soviets could subsequently deny any claims that POWs were shipped to the USSR, from North Korea. That is also why the experimental hospital was a “Czech” hospital. These deceptions were all part of a carefully designed plan to mask the movement of GIs to the Soviet Union and to mislead people, including most of the Czech and Soviet participants, about what was really happening."
In May 1956, Sejna was appointed Chief of Staff for the Minister of Defense. Shortly after he received this appointment, General Major Kalashnik from the Soviet Main Political Administration came to Prague to discuss the importance of non-military weapons. Sejna was present at the meeting when Kalashnik discussed five important examples of such weapons: ideological offensive, which meant good deception and propaganda; good foreign policy designed to split the West; isolating the United States; economic and social chaos; and a new view about drugs and other chemicals that can affect the minds and behavior of millions of people.
Kalashniks visit and lecture served as a	able emergency measures. He came per-
precursor for a Soviet request for the Czechs to provide medical support for the experiments that were being run in the Soviet Union on the American POWs. Kalashnik s mission was to explain the importance of this research and justify the need for Czech participation.
After General Kalashnik returned to Moscow, the formal request for medical assistance in the experiments came into the Czech Ministry of Defense from the Soviet Defense Council.The Czech decision in response was prepared by Sejna, working with Minister
of Defense General Lomsky and un-
*
der the guidance of the ever-present ^	Soviet	MoD	Advi-
sor. 1 * The medical aspects of the plan and preliminary staffing recommendations were prepared by five specially-cleared officers at the Health Administration of the MoD’s Rear Services Administration.
In assembling the overall plan for pre-
------------------ sentation	to	the	Czech
Defense Council, Sejna personally reviewed the Files and decision documents for the operation in North Korea, including the original Soviet Defense Council instructions that initiated the operation and those that terminated it. It was in the originating Soviet Defense Council order where the direction to conduct the operation so that “no one ever would know about it" was set forth. Sejna s review of this history was included as part of the plan.
When the Czech plan was completed, it went to Moscow for review and approval. The head of the Soviet military Health Administration personally brought the plan back to Prague. The only problem he had with the plan was its timetable. He wanted the process of selecting and clearing the doctors accelerated. All the doctors had to be specially cleared by both Czech and Soviet military counter-intelligence. The Czechs had wanted to avoid drawing any undue attention to the process
for security reasons and, thus, avoided ■
using any emergency measures to speed up the process. The Soviet official came to Prague to help them accelerate the process without employing any observ-
34
Vol. IV, No. 3
sonally because in very sensitive operations, such as was this one, telephone communications were not allowed.14
After the plan had received the Soviet blessing, it was placed on the Defense Councils agenda, which Sejna prepared as working secretary, for discussion and decision. The Council reviewed the Soviet request that had initiated the action, the seven projects the Czech military doctors and scientists would be working on, the administrative and security measures, and then approved the plan and the money for the project.
Once the plan was approved, the personnel selection process—mainly to select the doctors and scientists who would be involved—commenced. The task was one principally of the Czech military Health Administration, assisted by the Administrative Organs Department, which was the powerful Central Committee department that had authority over the Ministry of Defense (MoD) and Ministry of Interior (Mol). Both Soviet and Czech military intelligence and military counter-intelligence were involved. Military intelligence had overall authority and military counter-intelligence, which was a component of the Interior Ministry, was responsible for security.
When the doctors and scientists had been selected and cleared, the list was submitted to the head of the Soviet military Health Administration, who was the individual personally responsible for the medical aspects of the plan. Following his approval, the list was sent to the Czech Defense Council for the final decision, which by this time was mainly a rubber-stamp approval. Roughly fifteen doctors and scientists were approved.The doctors came from the Central Military Hospital, the College for Military Doctors, and the Air Force Scientific Research Institute at Hradack Kralove where many of the experimental drugs had been developed. The scientists were from the Academy of Sciences.
The operation was top secret. Aside from the Defense Council and the doctors who were involved, very few people had access to the operation or knew what it was really about. Specifically, the only ones who knew were the Chief of the General Staff, Chief of Rear Services,1' and the heads of the Health Administration,16 Central Military Hospital, and Air Force Scientific Re-
search Center. The doctors went as a group to the Institute for Nuclear Medicine in Moscow. The doctor in charge was the head of the Air Force Science Institute. They were accompanied by a military counter-intelligence officer. Once in Moscow, they split into three groups. One stayed! in Moscow at the Institute and the other two groups went to two different locations.
The Institute for Nuclear Medicine was the jumping-off point because of the political plan (that is, deception) that had been devised as a cover. The cover story
J I
maintained that the doctors had gone to Moscow as students to study the effects of nuclear war on soldiers. Everything was prepared for their courses—instructors, organization materials, schedules, and so forth. But it was all a fake, designed to mislead people about the real reason behind the doctor’s mission, which was to investigate the effects of chemical warfare agents and drugs, biological organisms, and nuclear radiation on the captive GIs.
The results of the experiments performed on the captive GIs were presented during the annual review of the intelligence plan for the next year and in special, highly-classified reports. These reports discussed the improvements in chemical and biological warfare capabilities and knowledge of radiation casualties that had been achieved in the experiments. Sejna recalls one report on the tests that he read in 1959 or 1960. The tests were discussed in three categories: chemical warfare, biological warfare (including viruses), and radiation.
One of the discussions in the chemical warfare section was focused on the side effects of some of the drugs. I n the drug research programs, for each drug under development, there was a parallel program to develop drugs that would reverse the effect (antidotes) and drugs that could defend people against the use of such drugs (prophylaxes). One of the more difficult problems in this search was caused by side-effects of the experi-
mental drugs. The side-effects were often irreversible and, in many cases, seriously debilitating. Where the prisoners were judged to be of no future value because of the side-effects, they were killed. Only a few were retained to see
w
if ultimately the side-effects would disappear. Sejna suspects those few were placed in mental institutions for longterm (that is, twenty to fifty years) observation.
In the radiation section, casualty ex-posure levels were discussed along with the results of the search for drugs that would, in effect, enable soldiers to continue fighting even after having received lethal radiation exposures. With the captive GIs in the Soviet Union, these tests were not limited to the use of radioisotopes. The Soviets also used the atomic reactor at the Institute for Nuclear Medicine in Moscow to radiate the G Is.
Still further, the best and most relevant information was obtained by securing G Is at spaced intervals along the ground and then subjecting them to the full force and fury of actual atomic bomb explosions at Soviet atomic test ranges. In addition to their interest in radiation exposure, the Soviets also tested the effects of atomic bomb over pressure and thermal radiation on the GIs and the psychological effects of all three—over pressure, atomic, and thermal radiation—on the GIs. Based on the data thus obtained, the Soviets decided that the exposure level above which it became difficult for soldiers to function as a result of physical and psychological problems was 100 rem (roentgen equivalent man). The Soviets then exposed the GIs to radiation levels of 100 rem and higher and then tested the effects of different drugs on the surviving GIs, to learn if some of the radiation effects could be temporarily countered with drugs, thus extending the useful life of the soldiers, and to observe how long the soldiers who were exposed at the higher levels could survive.1'
...the best and most relevant information was obtained by securing GIs at spaced intervals along the ground and then subjecting them to the full force and fury of actual atomic bomb explosions at Soviet atomic test ranges.
35
Vietnam War:
Setting the Stage
American POWs also were used for medical experiments by the Soviets and Czechs during the Vietnam War.The cornerstone for this activity was laid in 1960 when the North Vietnamese Chief of the General Staff (CoGS) and roughly ten senior officers visited Prague and Moscow in search of military assistance. The North Viet-namese believed that the only way to
m	S
unify the country was through military action. They wanted military assistance to prepare them for a major offensive drive to capture South Vietnam. This was when the Soviets first agreed to supply the North Vietnamese with weapons. As head of the Defense Council secretariat, Sejna was their host and focal point for scheduling meetings and discussions.
During this visit, there was one particularly sensitive meeting. The only participants were the Vietnamese CoGS; his Czech counterpart, General Otakar Rytir; Czech Minister of Defense (ieneral l.omsky; Soviet Advi-
W w
sor General Aleksandr Kuschev; and then-Colonel Jan Sejna. In this meeting, General Kuschev, explained to the Vietnamese general how American POWs had been used for medical research during the Korean War and how valuable this use had been. One of the items of cooperation the Soviets would like to receive in return for providing military technology, Kuschev continued, was more American POWs for medical experimentation. The Vietnamese CoGS agreed and used the opportunity to press for even more military assistance. Kuschev then stressed the need to begin organizing immediately to use the captured American servicemen to avoid the types of delays encountered at the beginning of the Korean War.
I*hc North Vietnamese general suggested that it would be a good idea to keep any Americans who were captured and selected to be sent to the Soviet Union separate from other POWs. General Kuschev agreed and the decision was made: Soviet, Czech, and Vietnamese military counter-intelligence officers would meet and draw up plans for the secure management of American POWs who were to be sent to the Soviet Union from the instant of their capture until they were deposited in the Soviet Union. Military counter-intel-
The RESISTER-I
ligence had the lead because it was responsible for security in the military.| In the communist system, military counter-intelligence was generally a component of the M inistry of I nterior, and as such was located outside the military system. In the Soviet Union, it was a component of the KGB. In Czechoslovakia, it was in the Ministry of Interior, which also was where civilian intelligence was located. As was typical in the communist system, everyone watched everyone else.	———————
Work on the plan I commenced immediately following the return of the Vietnamese CoGS to Hanoi.
In Czechoslovakia,
CoGS General Rytir was personally responsible for the effort. In the Soviet Union, that person was Marshal Matvey V. Zakharov, the viet CoGS. In Czecho-Slovakia, the officials under the CoGS who were responsible for specific areas were the first deputy to the Minister of I nterior,1" the head of military counter-intelligcncc,1' the chief of military intelligence,*1 and his deputy for strategic intelligence.21 Similar officials from North Vietnam participated in the project.
The plan was completed in approximately six months, at which time
w
Czechoslovakia received that portion of the plan which pertained to the Czech part of the operation. As set forth in the plan, the overall operation was the responsibility of Soviet military intelligence, or GRU. The individual in charge was the special deputy to the Chief of the G RU in charge of strategic intelligence. Similarly, in Czechoslovakia the plan was organized under the deputy chief of military intelligence for strategic intelligence, just as it had been in the Korean War." Security was provided by military counter-intelligence.2
The security plan specified that the decision on which POWs were to be used for medical experimentation would be made as soon as they were captured. This process was initiated by a Soviet request in which they would identify the number of specimens desired. They also would specify race requirements and rank. In the latter case.
The potential candidates would be isolated from all other prisoners.... at this point, the POW had received a one-way ticket to oblivion or to death.
the Soviets were interested in older officers as well as younger officers because they wanted to test the effects of mind-control drugs on people from different age and rank categories. The older officers were generally regarded as the more “reactionary” and, as such, especially important subjects to test. Based on Soviet “requirements,” the North Vietnamese military counter-intelligence would go into action and begin collecting appropriate new American
POWs as candidates.
The potential candidates would be isolated from all other prisoners. As will be seen, at this point, the POW had received a one-way ticket to oblivion or to death. The next action was a joint Soviet-North Vietnamese psychological debriefing of the potential candi-_________________ date	to	determine
whether the candidate
was the type of individual who might make trouble. If the POW was considered psychologically dangerous, then he was to be immediately liquidated. He was not to be placed in normal POWs compounds because that would risk security of the experimental program; better to simply kill him.2,1
The plan also set forth the security measures for storage and transportation of the approved POWs, specified the clearances that were required for all personnel who would be working on the project (for example, guards, drivers, pilots, doctors, and so forth), described in detail the procedures for medical exams for prisoners en route to the Soviet Union (these were performed in Prague), and listed the names and ranks of all military intelligence and counter-intelligence officers who were cleared to work on the project.
One of the initial products of the plan by decision of the Defense Council was the establishment of a special MoD-Mol commission. Its purpose was to coordinate the various questions that different agencies wanted directed to the POWs and to issue integrated directions to military intelligence and counter-intelligence interrogators.The CoGS General Rytir headed the com-
w
mission.2’ The interrogation instruc-
tions were split into two different com-
36
Vol. IV, No. 3
ponents—one for normal POWs and one for those POWs who had been selected for medical experimentation. Other countries, such as East Germany, were also involved in interrogations. This coordination was handled by the Soviets.
The pilot plan was placed in operation in 1961. The first Soviet request was for specimens of any age or race. The Soviets had run out of test specimens and wanted new ones so that they could resume their experiments as soon as possible. The first shipment of American POWs2625 occurred in August. It created an emergency situation because there was almost no advanced notice. The Czechs did not learn about the shipment until the plane carrying the POWs was in the air and headed toward Prague. At about 1:00 in the afternoon, the Soviet Advisor General Kuschev brought a cable to Minister Lomsky, who immediately summoned Sejna to his office. As soon as Sejna arrived, Lomsky called President Novotny and told him that Sejna was headed over with an important cable. Sejna delivered the cable to Novotny and then proceeded to organize the quarters for the POWs and the North Vietnamese and Soviets who were accompanying the shipment.The POWs arrived at 3:00 p.m. the following day.
Included in this shipment were, as Sejna recalls, about four or five South Vietnamese, who were housed in the villa close to the castle, six or seven Americans, who were housed in the military intelligence villa on Sluna street, and one American, about 42 or 43 years old who was isolated from the other Americans and housed in the villa at Rusveltova #1. This was a quick in and out operation that lasted only two days. The plane waited at the military air base until the POWs had been examined and then flew them to the Soviet Union. This shipment was different from subsequent respects because of the South Vietnamese and the relatively large number of older Americans. This was the only time that Sejna recalls when South Vietnamese POWs were sent through Czechoslovakia to the Soviet Union. With respect to the American POWs, the Soviets were somewhat displeased with the shipment because there were too many older men. Their preference at that time was for the younger men.
(According to the U.S. government,
the first American POW was not captured until August 1964. This is more word games by U.S. officials, because this official position on the first POW deliberately ignores the civilians, CIA officers, and Special Forces advisors in Southeast Asia who were lost.TheU.S. government policy is clearly revealed in the book President Kennedy: Profiles in\
Power by Richard Reeves. Military pilots were being recruited for service in Southeast Asia in 1961. They were asked to read and sign a statement whereby they acknowledged that they would be wearing civilian clothes and that their “government would disclaim any knowledge” of them if they were captured.]
This first shipment of POWs was accompanied by the Vietnamese deputy chief of the General Staff for military intelligence,
General Major Quong. He was accompanied by two staff officers and KGB (military counter-intelligence) escorts.This group went along with the POWs to make certain the operation was secure, and to quickly resolve any problems that might emerge on this maiden voyage. Sejna hosted the entourage. The North Vietnamese were housed at a special villa that was maintained by the Defense Council secretariat21* for use of foreign dignitaries. The Soviet escorts stayed with their plane, evidently standing guard over other sensitive cargo that was being transported from North Vietnam to the Soviet Union. As soon as the POWs were processed, about two days, they were put back on the plane and whisked away to Russia. As Sejna recalls, the North Vietnamese stayed for five working days. He attended one meeting with Minister Lomsky that was held in Lomsky s office. Lomsky welcomed the North Vietnamese and instructed them to work directly with the Czech CoGS and chief of military intelligence to correct any problems. General Quong said he was pleased with the arrange-
ments that had been made and, especially, with the manner in which the operation had been organized so that participation by the normal bureaucracies had been eliminated.
The discussion then focused on the U.S. pilots and their importance. One of the points Minister Lomsky made was that the pilots were different from the ground forces in their ability to handle stress. Because of this type of difference, U.S. pilots were priority POWs for their research program. As an illustration of the problem the Soviets were about to have with the North Vietnamese, General Quong responded that if you do not think the U.S. pilots are nervous, “just wait until we finish with them.” General Lomsky countered with an explanation that what he was referring to was the ability to handle
J
natural stress, not unnatural stress.
The people who were present at the meeting, in addition to Minister Lomsky, Colonel Sejna, Soviet MoD advisor General Kuschcv, and General Quong, were the Soviet advisor to the Czech military intelligence, the head of Czech military intelligence,2'’ and the Czech CoGS.10 At that time, most of the Czech strategic leadership was on vacation at a special resort at Orlik on the Vltava River. A special meeting of the Defense Council was held at the resort, at which time Minister Lomsky informed the Council that the operation had begun and then described the preparations that had been taken.
Over the next two years, the operation was run as a low-level test program in which the procedures and plans that had been developed were tested and improved. The immediate objective was to get all the “bugs” worked out so that full-scale secure operations could be commenced quickly when the war expanded.The second shipment, which was even smaller than the first, came in the spring of 1962 and the third, Sejna believes, came in November or Decem-
According to the U.S. government, the first American POW was not captured until August 1964. This is more word games by U.S. officials, because this official position on the first POW deliberately ignores the civilians, CIA officers, and Special Forces advisors in Southeast Asia who were lost.
ber 1962. The first large shipment of twenty to twenty-five captives occurred in 1963. This 1963 shipment was the first time the POWs were housed in the military counter-intelligence barracks, as will be subsequently described, rather than in the villas.
During this trial period it became clear to Sejna that Czechoslovakia was not the only Soviet surrogate staging area for the movement of POWs from North Vietnam to the Soviet Union. In the spring of 1962, Sejna attended a meeting of the Warsaw Pact military leaders11 in Moscow where he learned that Vietnam War POWs were shipped from North Vietnam to North Korea, and thence directly to the Soviet Union.
m_
The Chief of Staff from North Korea was attending the meeting as an observer. During thediscussion the North Korean general suggested to the Soviets that the experiments be performed on the American POWs while they were in North Korea to avoid having to fly them from North Korea to the Soviet Union. Soviet General A. I. Antonov, who was deputy chief of the Soviet General Staff, declined the invitation, saying that such a practice would constitute an unnecessary security risk. If the experiments were run in North Korea, he explained, the Chinese were likely to learn about the tests and this was unacceptable to the Soviets. This meeting took place shortly before General Antonovs death in June 1962. It indicates that the plan for moving American POWs through North Korea likely was worked out at the same
W *
time that the operation for moving POWs through Czechoslovakia was planned and that it started at about the same time as the Czech-Soviet operation began; that is, in 1961.
Sejna suspects that East Germany may also have been involved in using American POWs in chemical agent experiments, although he had no direct knowledge. The reasons for his suspicions are clear. He knew the East Germans were involved in interrogations of American POWs using experimental drugs. They also were heavily involved in the development of mind-control drugs and chemical warfare agents, which he knew because of data sharing agreements the Czechs had negotiated with the Germans. East German security was even better than Czech security, including that of German military medical facilities. E inally.
The RESISTER
The German Minister of Defense,
General Hoffmann had discussed some of their experimental results with Sejna as early as 1964, indicating the Germans were involved well before 1964, and, when the Soviets presented drug experiment results,	_
East German results
were usually in- jj- was essential, the
eluded.’2
possibilities with Czech President Antonin Novotny, the head of the Academy of Sciences complained bitterly. The Czechs could not do much more, he said, because the Soviets themselves caused most of the delays.
________________ 11 took forever for the
Czech scientists to obtain feedback from the
Soviets on the effects The importance of Soviets stressed, to be the drugs had when
tested on the POWs. Second, and even more serious, the Czech doctors and sci-entists did not have
the drug development rea(Jy f<) exp|0it the programs was also	'	K
raised by the Soviets at supplies of American
the 1962 spring meet- pQ Ws that would aC-
ing of the Warsaw Pact Political Consultative Company the growing direct access to the
Commission (PCC)J Alexei Kosygin, the Soviet President, gave| a speech in which he ————1—i_ emphasized the importance of new developments in drug technology and the possibility of testing these developments. He emphasized the need to increase funding in these projects and directed every country to take a careful look at their scien-
W
ti lie capacities to identify additional scientists who could be put on the projects. I le did not mention at this open meeting the use of POWs as the way in which the developments would be tested.
As their response, the Czechs conducted a thorough examination of their own drug efforts in preparation for the five-year plan which was being organized for approval in the fall of 1962. The Soviet guidance to them was quite specific. They were directed to expand their efforts. It was essential, the Soviets stressed, to be ready to exploit the supplies of American POWs that would accompany the growing war in Southeast Asia. There was no knowing how long the war would last. Hence, it was doubly important to make maximum use of the opportunity right from the start.
The Czechs examined the number and types of scientists and doctors who were available, how much money would be needed to expand their effort, what drugs were in development and the extent to which the development process could be accelerated, how long it would take to develop new drugs, and what possibilities were available to steal related technology through espionage. They then undertook a comprehensive assessment of what would be required to speed the process. In discussing the
war in Southeast Asia.
POWs. All they re-L ceived were the Soviet reports on the tests, and they considered those reports inadequate. They needed to be able to monitor the tests directly.
W
Novotny took these complaints and presented them in a letter to Khrushchev. The letter was prepared under Sejna’s direction by his secretariat. The letter expressed the need to get results back quickly and allowed as how the Czechs would like to be more involved, but were constrained because they did not know the details of how the Soviets were using the POWs. We recognize, Novotny’s letter continued, that Czechoslovakia is too small a country in which to do testingon the POWs, because they simply could not hide such work for ever. However, for Czechoslovakia to do more, the Czech scientists and doctors would need better access to the testing of drugs on POWs.
The problem was the Soviet KGB penchant for secrecy. They did not want anyone to know where the POWs were being held. Following Novotny’s letter, the process did improve, but the Czech doctors still were not allowed to go to the locations were the POWs were being held. Rather, the POWs were brought to the Czech doctors so that they could observe the effects of the drugs first hand. Another problem that delayed the program, but which was not raised by Novotny in his letter, was the
W	J
Soviet expropriation of the Czech ideas, and Soviet deception in reporting test results, particularly when they did not want the Czechs to know which drugs, or combinations, were the most effective—perhaps because the Soviets intended the drugs for use against all
38
Vol. IV, No. 3
potential opponents, including their own allies, a practice the Czechs would see pursued in the emerging Vietnam War.
Vietnam War: Transition From Pilot Program to Full Scale Operations
^^reparations for expanding the war effort formally began to-sli ward the end of 1963 when the formal Soviet-North Vietnamese agreement for Warsaw Pact assistance was signed.
This Soviet-North Vietnamese agreement was presented to the Warsaw Pact officials who attended a meeting of the Warsaw Pact Political Consultative Committee in late 1963 or early 1964. Sejna was present at the meeting.The Soviet General Secretary, Nikita Khrushchev, personally attended the meeting and gave a talk during which he explained to the Committee officials that an agreement had been reached with North Vietnam. A top secret part of the agreement specified that all Warsaw Pact countries would negotiate separate bilateral agreements with North Vietnam.
Following this meeting, the Soviets individually instructed each of the Warsaw Pact countries as to what the nature of their assistance to, and agreement with, North Vietnam would be. The Soviet official in charge of coordinating these agreements was Leonid Brezhnev. In the case of Czechoslovakia, the formal notification came in the form of a letter from Khrushchev to Czechoslovakia’s President, Antonin Novotny, as Sejna recalls, with the specific details contained in a separate lengthy communication to the Czech Ministry of Defense. In his letter, and in parallel discussions, Khrushchev stated that the American soldiers had been most useful in the past and that there were many new drugs and chemical and biological warfare agents under development that needed testing. It was in these communications that the Czechs were directed to negotiate arrangements with the North Vietnamese so that the medical experiments using American POWs could be continued.
The negotiations between Hanoi and Prague for Czech military assistance were completed in early 1964. The primary Czech official in the negotiations was Vladimir Koucky, who
was the Czech Central Committee secretary in charge of foreign policy. While the negotiations on the surface were conducted by the North Vietnamese and Czech officials, behind the scenes the Soviet advisors in Hanoi and Prague directed the Czech negotiators.
The use of POWs was a special part of the agreement, which was negotiated by the Czech CoGS, General Rytir. It included provisions for using American POWs for “medical research” in North Vietnam and the field-tested plan for exporting selected POWs to the Soviet Union via Czechoslovakia for research and for intelligence cooperation. The intelligence cooperation portion of the agreement referred to captured officers who could bel persuaded to defect and to assist the Soviets in their analyses of U.S. military capabilities, technology, and war plans.
The agreement specified that the selection of POWs would be a joint Soviet-North Vietnamese effort. The North Vietnamese agreed to provide captured South Vietnamese as well as American soldiers for medical research in North Vietnam. This was done to enable the So^l viet studies on ethnic differences and vulnerabilities unique to Asians to be continued. However, the agreement stipulated that experiments on South Vietnamese would be performed only in North Vietnam; that is, the South Vietnamese POWs would not he exported to the Soviet Union.*1 The Czechs and Soviets agreed to provide medical equipment, experimental drugs, biological organisms and viruses, and, naturally, doctors and medical support personnel.
The conditions in North Vietnam were quite different from those in North Korea because the North Koreans were surrogates controlled by the Soviets while, in contrast, the North Vietnamese were determined to remain in control themselves and not become either Soviet or Chinese puppets. When the Czech-Soviet military assistance programs expanded in North Vietnam in 1964, numerous disagree-
ments arose. Problems were encountered, largely because the Soviets pushed hard to expand their participation and exert controlling influences, while the North Vietnamese worked to block Soviet efforts to expand their presence. This was true in the POW medical research programs as well as in the more traditional types of military assistance. As an example of one problem in the medical research area, the North Vietnamese wanted final approval on the specific doctors who would participate, while the Soviets did not want the North Vietnamese to have any background data on the doctors that might reveal which ones were from military intelligence. As regards traditional military assis-tance, the Soviets and Czechs wanted to deploy “volunteer” officers, such as pilots, to the war effort so that they could gain combat experience. Additionally, where the Soviets provided military equipment, such as airdefensc missiles, they wanted to place technicians at those bases.The North Vietnamese strongly opposed these efforts. They wanted to limit the Soviet presence because they were secretly sharing Soviet technology with the Chinese. Also, they wanted the defeat of the Americans to be a clear North Vietnamese victory.
The principal problem in the medical experiment program, from the Soviet perspective, was one of forcing the Vietnamese to accept a scientific approach to the experiments. The Vietnamese did not have the medical or scientific understanding needed to run valid and useful tests. The Vietnamese were, in the Soviet eyes, simply too crude. They were more interested in extracting vengeance than in conducting scientific tests. Furthermore, the Vietnamese were inadequately trained in psychology. While they understood the psychology of Asians very well, they did not have a good knowledge of the psychology ofWesterners. This knowledge was crucial to the tests because many of the experiments were designed to test the effect of experimental drugs on the
...understanding the effects of drugs on soldiers under extreme stress—designed to simulate the stress levels expected in an all-out nuclear war—was one of the Soviet objectives.
American psyche. Moreover, they did not understand the importance of stress and its relation to the testing process. That is, understanding the effects of drugs on soldiers under extreme stress—designed to simulate the stress levels expected in an all-out nuclear war—was one of the Soviet objectives. This was one of the reasons behind the psychological and physiological stress experiments; namely, to enable testing the effects of experimental drugs on soldiers under extremely stressful condi-tions.
Another example was illustrated by a visit General Quong paid to Prague and Moscow in late 1964. Quong visited Prague and Moscow several times to deliver reports on the POW operations and to conduct planning sessions with the Soviets. On his visit in late 1964, he met with Minister Lomsky specifically to complain that the operation discriminated against the North Vietnamese. I le believed more of the medical research should be done in
North Vietnam and that the North Vietnamese should have the results of the research conducted in the Soviet Union.
I le also wanted to press for the opportunity to use POWs for strategic intelligence; that is, he wanted to hold POWs, turn them, and then return them as spies. The Russians opposed the idea because they would be unable
m
to control the North Vietnamese in the operation, and, besides, they already had their own plan in operation, which was focused on recruiting American military personnel in South Vietnam and in Australia.14They felt those were better places to recruit agents because the POW route was too obvious and too easy for the Americans to detect.
Regarding the Vietnamese interest in the experiments conducted in the Soviet Union, the Soviets were very careful not to let the North Vietnamese (or other allies) have access to much of their research, especially the research on mind-control drugs, which utilized POWs. The reason was simple: the Soviets planned to use the drugs against the North Vietnamese (and other allies) to help keep them under control. They also planned to use the confusion-producing drugs on the Chinese technicians who were in North Vietnam to steal the Warsaw Pact technology that was on loan to the North Vietnamese.
To resolve the many problems, a second agreement was negotiated in 1965.
These were difficult negotiations and required the personal participation in Hanoi of several high-level Czech officials. Specifically, even Josef Lenart, the Czech Prime Minister, and General Vaclav Prchlik, the chief of the Main Political Administration, went to Hanoi to conduct the negotiations, with the sensitive intelligence aspects handled by General Prchlik.**
The agreement that Lenart and Prchlic reached with the North Vietnamese dealt with many aspects of military assistance. Elaborations on the POW experiments! were, as before, a secret part of this agree-ment negotiated by Prchlic. Under the “medical research” portion of the agreement, procedures for selecting the doctors were established. Additionally, the agreement stated that the experiments in North Vietnam would be run by the North Vietnamese doctors in their hospitals.! Czech and Soviet doctors would participate by providing guidance (supervision) and all experimental data would be available to them for their use in monitoring the various tests.
Experiments on POWs in Laos and China
As soon as experiments on U.S. POWs had commenced in North Vietnam, negotiations were held with the Laotians to gain their participation as well. Sejna personally worked with General Sin Ka-po, who headed the communist forces, and General Kong-le, who headed the “neutralist” forces, on matters respecting Czech operations in Laos. The Czech/Soviet agreement for the use of POWs for medical experiments was negotiated with General Sin Ka-po. Laos was generally more complicated than North Vietnam because of the government instabilities. Thus, most arrangements were run through the Party system than through the government. Again, military intelligence was in charge. Two liaison officers from Laos were stationed in Prague to handle coordination. Laotian security was very good, Sejna recalls. The Laotian approach to security was quite simple. If there was concern
that someone was a security risk, that individual was killed.
I n Laos, both Soviet and Czech doctors worked directly on the patients. There were two “hospital” facilities where experiments were performed in Laos. The Czech doctors described the conditions at these facilities as “primitive.” This was not bad, teasoned the Soviets, because combat was often con-ducted in primitive conditions and, thus, operating under such conditions was good experience.
Generally, there were three Czech ] military doctors in Laos, five to seven in North Vietnam, and a larger number of Soviet doctors in both locations. All doctors who worked on this program first had to pass detailed special background investigations, involving both Czech and Soviet military counter-in-telligence, before their participation was approved.
In addition to their use as medical guinea pigs, American POWs were also used for testing the effectiveness of “interrogation” drugs. Interrogations of captive GIs were conducted in Laos, North Vietnam, and North Korea. Czech interrogations were run by military counter-intelligence, which was then under General Josef Stavinoha. The interrogations, like all other activities, were supervised and controlled by Soviet officers. Experimental drugs were used in interrogations. The East Germans were similarly involved.The East German Minister of Defense, General Heinz Hoffmann, once remarked to Sejna while the two were off on a fishing trip in 1964 that the new drugs tested on the Americans were “one thousand percent more effective than physical means of persuasion.”
In addition to serving as guinea pigs for the Soviet medical intelligence program, the American GIs were also used by the Chinese. The Chinese had an experimental program as early as the Korean War. The North Koreans provided American POWs to the Chinese as well as to the Soviets. The Chinese and Soviets shared data on the various experiments and their results. The Soviets criticized the Chinese program as
In addition to serving as guinea pigs for the Soviet medical intelligence program, the American GIs were also used by the Chinese.
Vol. IV, No. 3
being too extreme. That is, the Chinese were strictly focused on the use of weapons of mass destruction. In contrast, the Soviet interest was more focused on the development of new drugs and their use to triumph over the enemy without war.
Czech military intelligence was also aware of the continuation of the Chinese medical research using American POWs during the Vietnam War. Czech military intelligence had identified the movement of American POWs in Chinese trucks or buses headed toward the Chinese boarder. Additionally, a senior Czech military intelligence officer who was undercover in China as a military attache reported on a Chinese request to share information on continued medical test programs. The Chinese official complained to the Czech “attache” that even if there were developing antagonisms between their two countries, some cooperative activities should continue, for example, he suggested, the joint research on American POWs. We are continuing this research, he said, and asked, why don’t we continue to share results of this research? There is no reason to keep your program secret. We know the American POWs are being sent to the Soviet Union for research. Information exchange on these research programs would be of use to both our countries.
Movement of American POWs to Russia
To complement the experiments run in Laos and North Vietnam, each year during the Viet-n am War scores of selected GI s—th ose who were the most healthy—were shipped back to the Soviet Union for use in more highly classified, sophisticated, and long-term experiments, again through Czechoslovakia16 to break the trail. Up until his defection in 1968, General Sejna was knowledgeable about the shipments and personally supervised portions of the operation. There were generally two or three shipments of POWs each year, always by air. While the airplanes were manned by the Soviet military, for security and deception purposes the planes always bore the insignia of some country other than the USSR.; for example, Bulgaria, or Rumania, or Hungary.
The flights used the secure Czech military air base at Zatek, which was
W
roughly forty kilometers from Prague. Special security measures were in ef-
fect when POWs were on the base. Military counter-intelligence took over base security. All unnecessary personnel were excluded from the base. Transportation to Prague was provided by the Ministry of Defense special transportation battalion. Special buses whose windows had been pained over were driven to the planes. The POWs were unloaded directly onto the bus(es). Once loaded, the bus(es) left the air base by a special entrance manned exclusively by specially cleared military counterintelligence guards.
From the air base, the POWs were driven directly to highly secret military counter-intelligence barracks at Pohorelc in Prague. Normally, twenty to twenty-five POWsl constituted a “shipment;" although, one occasion, in the fall of 1966, there was a large shipment of about sixty POWs. As a cover story, the POWs were referred to as students or foreign soldiers who were visiting Czechoslovakia for specialized training. The barracks area, which was where foreign soldiers often stayed when in Czechoslovakia for training, was considered a very safe place to hide the POWs because they could be tightly secured yet their presence could be easily explained as just some foreign students temporarily in Czechoslovakia for training.
Often, a small portion of a shipment, say three or four POWs, would be separated from the main group and housed at the Defense Council secretariat villas on Rusveltova street and Korejska street. The military intelligence villa on Sluna street was also used when needed. Once, there was a special shipment of only two or three POWs who were also boused in these villas rather than the barracks and during the large shipment of 60 POWs in 1966, there were six or seven “special” PO Ws. These select POWs were usually ones who had decided to cooperate with the Soviets or who were sick and needed to be isolated. The cooperating GIs were selected from the POWs who were regarded as “progressive.” In all cases, great care was exercised to isolate these people, not only from the main group,
but from each other as well. I n the case of the 1966 shipment, Sejna recalls the problem they had finding enough villas to house these special POWs and keep them separated.
From his position as first secretary at the MoD, Sejna was present several times when the vans unloaded the POWs at the military counter-intelli-gence barracks and personally visited the POWs there and at the various secret villas to ensure that the operation was going according to plan. While most of the POWs were American, there were exceptions. Sejna recalls that, prior to his departure, two Australians were processed along with the American POWs and sent to the Soviet Union.
As was the case fol-lowing the Korean War, Czech doctors participated in the medical experiments using Vietnam War POWs in the Soviet Union. The most important experiments were those dealing with the development of mind-control and behavior-modification drugs, the testing of biological warfare organisms, and tests of the effects of nuclear radiation. Mind-control drug experiments were designed to examine the effectiveness of a wide variety’ of drugs that would influence human behavior and mental capabilities. I he effect of such drugs under different stress conditions was also examined, as previously noted.'The Soviets also conducted tests to determine how the effects varied according to age, race, and intellectual background. In the latter case, they wanted to know if the drug effectiveness when given to officers was different from what it was when given to soldiers. One of the more important findings that Sejna recalls was that the drugs that were used to influence beliefs were found to be more effective when used on men with higher educational achievements. That is, it was easier to mold the minds of the intellectuals than the minds of the “primitives,” to use the Soviet expression. Special substances (drugs and well as biological organisms) designed for use as assassination weapons were also tested. One of the objects of these tests were to develop substances that would result in
on
As was the case following the Korean War, Czech doctors participated in the medical experiments using Vietnam War POWs in the Soviet Union.
The RESISTER
the appearance of death from natural causes.
One of the highest priority biological warfare test programs was the testing of unique diseases for which there were no known cures and accompanying tests of experimental treatments. Efforts were also underway at that time to develop new strains of viruses that acted quickly and could disable groups of people within twenty-four hours of exposure. Off-site laboratory support for the various Soviet research projects, such as blood and tissue sample analysis, was provided by a variety of hospitals, including the Czech Central Military I lospital.
Experiments involving the physiological and psychological effects of electro-magnetic radiation—low frequency to microwaves—on the human specimens also were run during the Vietnam War era. In the late spring of 1967, the Soviets stressed the importance of this electro-magnetic research to the chief of the Science Administration of the Czech Ministry of Defense.
I he subject was so important that, upon his return, he gave a talk on the subject to a high-level group of Czech officials, which included the members of the Minister's Kollcgium.
| It is interesting to recall that ten years later, U.S. news media began carrying reports that the Soviets had been deliberately bombarding the U.S. embassy in Moscow with low-level micro-wave radiation, and that this had been going on since the 1960s.17 What they did not report was that the U.S. had conducted research into the effect of low-power microwaves in the mid-1970s. This research was motivated by
W
the Soviet radiation. The tests that were run on laboratory animals, including primates, showed that such radiation could be used to impair short-term memory, totally erase task-oriented training, and induce a wide variety of phvsical effects such as heart fibrillation and cellular disorders.)
One of the reports that Sejna recalls reading in late 1966 was based on the POW experiments. Its subject was “the effects and improvements in special destructive weapons for use in preparation for war (that is, during peacetime! and during war." This report covered the results achieved roughly between 1959 and 1966. One of the principal topics was the analysis of autopsy results. I he focus was on the
physical destruction of organs such as the heart, brain, nervous system, and so forth. The data base included two hundred to two hundred and fifty ex-amples. How many cadavers this referred to Sejna could not recall.The effects of both chemical and biological agents on the destruction of organs were considered, and recommendations for further research were formulated. The principal recommendations were directed to the development of drugs and biological organisms that would destroy specific organs at a faster rate.
The most important findings were directed to the nervous system. There,
W
the critical concern was to “gently degrade" an individuals ability to function, but not to destroy it. The idea was to sabotage an individual's ability, but not so much that the individual was taken out of his job, placed in a hospital, and then replaced I by a new, fully-capable person. The report also discussed the problem of delivery of the chemical warfare drugs. There were two different targets: individuals and groups, which roughly meant officers and soldiers.
Those whose performance they wanted to degrade, but not so much that they were removed from their jobs, were the officers. The problem was how to separate the delivery of different agents. It was all right if drugs intended for officers were delivered to soldiers, but the reverse was to be avoided. What was especially curious in this analysis was the presence of experimental data that had been collected in operations run against U.S. military forces based in Germany and in Okinawa.
w
The American POWs were also used by the Soviets for testing new narcotic drugs. As indicated earlier, one of the most important Soviet and East European strategic intelligence operations was international drug trafficking. C zechoslovakia was one of the lead Soviet surrogates in this operation.’8 The development of better drugs was part of the Czech chemical warfare program, where by “better" was meant drugs that produced better and longer lasting highs, drugs that were cheaper and easier to produce, and drugs that were more rapidly addictive.’“The ex-
perimental drugs developed in Czechoslovakia were first tested on prisoners, and then covertly field tested on uni-versity students, particularly those in West Germany. They were also tested on American POWs in the Soviet Union, which Czech intelligence preferred because it was operationally much easier than the university student
W
approach.
As an indication of size, in the late 1960s roughly fifteen Czech doctors and about eight scientists from the Czech Academy of Sciences were involved in the POW research projects in the Soviet Union. The experiments that involved Czech doctors and scientists were carried out at roughly twenty different institutes in the Soviet Union. The medical experiments also involved a variety of East European doctors and scientists who, along with the Czechs and their Soviet counterparts, were
1 formed into project teams. This was common practice for scientific research in priority areas. To better focus their efforts and to improve security, the Soviets built a special institute in the Moscow area where the scientists involved in drug, chemical, and biological warfare research could be concentrated. There was a special department at the institute for POW research.**
Planning for Security In Anticipation of War Termination
There was yet another agreement with the North Vietnamese that was of special significance and that is particularly important in estimating what likely happened after Sejna left Czechoslovakia in 1968. In roughly 1967, the Soviets encouraged the North Vietnamese to open a second front; that is, a diplomatic front. At that time, the Soviets knew the war had to end sometime. They also recognized the political climate in the United States was growing opposed to the war. Accordingly, they concluded the time was ripe to begin planning for the end of the war. As part of their planning, the Soviets decided that if a cease fire were negotiated, all evidence of the experimental medical programs, and that included the POW subjects themselves.
The American POWs were also used by the Soviets for testing new narcotic drugs.
42
Vol. IV, No. 3
had to be either destroyed or removed to the Soviet Union. Most of all, they wanted to make certain that any evidence that showed either the Soviet or Czech involvement in medical experiments was removed to the Soviet Union; for example, medical records and equipment such as that associated with the testing of biological organisms and viruses.
Again, they encountered strong North Vietnamese resistance. The North Vietnamese were not concerned about ending the war. They saw the war as a mechanism for destroying American imperialism and, thus, wanted the war to continue.
Tough negotiations were required to bring the North Vietnamese around to the Soviet view. The argument that won the North Vietnamese over was the problem of “stay-behind” agents. The United States could decide to end the war by pulling out at any time. When they did, the Soviets argued, there would be a large number of stay-behind agents that would be able to migrate to the North, and those agents might find out what had been happening.
he North Vietnamese agreed and the Soviets and North Vietnamese signed an agreement to begin planning for the evacuation of records, equipment, and specimens that remained at the end of the war. When the war would end was a North Vietnamese decision. I fence, the plan was keyed to the North Vietnamese decision to terminate the war. Until then, the experiments and related activities would continue.
This is when the planning for the eventual termination of the experimental programs in North Vietnam began. It involved very few people, but all the critical agencies were represented.41 The Czechs were involved in these negotiations because the movements of material and people to the Soviet Union at the war’s end was to be through Czechoslovakia.
As before, the critical aspect of the planning was security. All measures were employed to assure the secrecy of the operation. As originally stated by the Soviet Defense Council when the operation began in 1951, no one was ever to know about this operation.That was the guiding philosophy, from beginning to end.
Related Information
LS. officials were expecting well over 2,000 POWs to be re |turned during Operation Homecoming in 1973. At that time, DIA listed 667 Americans as POWs and 1,986 as MIA, and many CIA and so-called “black” operations personnel who were missing were not included in the lists. Only 586 POWs were repatriated.
North Vietnamese and Russian documents and sources have now made it clear that hundreds of American POWs who were alive when captured were never returned. The fact that the numbers returned were far less than the numbers of POWs held is confirmed by a GRU document recovered in 1993. According to that document, at least 700 POWs were not returned.This general figure is also supported by three different North Vietnamese sources.
This figure is within the range of the numbers that might have become medical guinea pigs as reported by General Sejna.
One of the more interesting accounts of what happened to American POWs is the testimony of the North Vietnamese Army doctor Dang Tan, who defected to South Vietnam in 1969. At a press conference on May 11, 1971, he said:
“American POWs... are being treated as commodities.”
“ Hanoi’s representatives in Paris [state] that NVN now holds only 367 American POWs in captivity. Ladies and Gentlemen, this is untrue. I know that already by mid-1967, when I departed NVN, over 800 American POWs were then in captivity in NVN.” [When pressed by news men, Tan stated that the official number used in Hanoi was 1000, but that he believed this was high. His estimate was over 800. Additionally, Tan stated that as many as 500 American POWs had simply “disappeared.”]
“The Politburo policies require that these Americans be exploited, intensively as possible.”
“NVN, in violation of the laws and regulations which apply to POWs,
has permitted other Communist bloc countries to exploit these American POWs including Communist China, the USSR, Cuba, Czechoslovakia and other countries.”
“American POWs have been taken to other Communist countries.”
“All types of methods are employed to extract information from the POWs.Thisgoes beyond the normal brainwashing and political indoctrination and includes the use of different drugs to weaken their will”
“The ruthless interrogation and exploitation of American POWs is inhumane."
His information. Tan explains, came from official briefings and discussions with officials and individuals who were directly involved in the exploitation of American POWs.
A CIA Saigon Station cable on Dr.Tan also identifies additional information from Tan that was reported in the Chinh /.nan newspaper on M arch 20,1971, sourced toTin Viet News Services.That information included statements that the exploitation of American POWs was set forth in a North Vietnamese treaty and that POWs were removed from North Vietnam and sent to China and Russia for further exploitation.
Everything that Dr. Tan said as reported in the various CIA and State Department cables released by Senator John Kerry on May 26, 1993, provides support for the detailed account provided by General Sejna.
Additionally, during hearings held by the Senate Select Committee on POW/MIA Affairs that Senator Kerry chaired in 1992, several individuals, most notably Jerry Mooney and Barry Toll, explained that they had seen numerous classified documents on the shipment of American POWs by air from Southeast Asia to the Soviet Union. Both men had held sensitive intelligence clearances and were privy to various intelligence information in the early 1970s. Mr. Mooney, who had worked at the National Security Agency, testified that he had followed intelligence on American POWs who
...POWs were removed from North Vietnam and sent to China and Russia for further exploitation.
The KEblb 1 K
were identified as “Moscow Bound.” Mr. Toll, who had worked as special security officer in the CINCLANT emergency operations center, reported that he had seen CIA and JCS reports on Americans being shipped out of Southeast Asia and that in one special case, it appeared to him that an attempt was being mounted by the United States to force one of the planes down.
In all these cases, there has been clear negligence in tracking down the information, assessing its implications, correlating it with other data, and making the hill record available to the public.42 Additionally, in the case of Dr. Tans information, there is direct evidence of efforts to suppress the information on the numbers of POWs held and on the use of drugs to weaken the will of the
POWs.41
Lessons Learned
At the time of the Holocaust, there was information on what was happening, but no one wanted to listen, or take action. The use of American POWs as guinea pigs by the communists is no different.The information is abundant, the crimes are of the most heinous sort. But, no one wants to listen, or take action.
Based on the information returned by various individuals in their search for answers to the question, “What happened to all the missing American POW/M IAs?," it appears that either very little was learned from the I lolo-
w
caust or the lessons are very selectively applied. Regardless of which is closer to the truth, the fact remains that the United States government has grossly failed to honor its obligation to the men and women in Americas armed forces. And, as recognized by the Senate Select Committee in their final report, the problem will not go away—as much as all the U.S., Russian, Vietnamese, Chinese, Czech, and other former Soviet satellite officials might like it to go away. The U.S. Senators might be well advised to re-read their own words: “Something very real happened to each of those brave men, and our country will not be at peace with itself until we are morally certain we have done all we could to find out what."44
While there is no accurate count of the number of Americans who ended up as Soviet guinea pigs, the number from the Korean War would approach if not exceed 1,000 and, from the Viet-
nam War, at least several hundred, likely over five hundred. How many from World War II met this fate and whether it would have been better or worse than those who perished in communist slave labor camps is anyone’s guess. Russia isn’t telling and the U.S. government isn’t asking.
Are any missing American POWsI likely still alive? The more we consider the above information, the more we believe that the possibility is very good that many more than a mere handfull may still be alive.I Moreover, we believe that if there were serious interest, the search for American POW/
MIAs could be far more effective than it has been.
Without serious question, the current search efforts are inherently designed to fail. No “cooperative” efforts, which constitute the essence—if not entirety—of the U.S. search efforts in Russia, Southeast Asia, and Korea, arc
likely to obtain confir-■
mation, especially because it is equally clear that the U.S. officials in charge of the search do not want to find anything.4'
All the participants and officials of the participating countries know full well that the entire program was a serious and deliberate violation of international law and human rights, and as stated by General Sejna, they all knew it to be so. Many participants are as alive as General Sejna and many hold positions in the new regimes. No one and no country is about to admit that any of the events describe by General Sejna took place. With rare exception, all relevant files were removed and taken to Russia for “safe keeping” before the Iron Curtain was allowed to fall
It is hard to conceive of a more disgraceful farce than these “cooperative efforts" that our American Senators and high-level government officials have praised—and which they all know to be a farce. None of them can be said to have a burning desire to learn what happened, or rescue any Americans who may still be alive and held captive or
who are too afraid to come home.Their only interest is in winning votes while trying to paper over the POW/MIA problem. The reasons are all too obvious: the lure of business profits to be made; the need to avoid surfacing the duplicity of hundreds of highest level U.S. officials going back forty years; and the continuing desire of the “establishment” to hide the evils and crimes of socialist regimes.
'For example, the source was the first to identify the Defense Council and its importance, the role of the Soviet Union in sponsoring international terrorism, the role of the Cuban, Soviet, and East European intelligence services in narcotics trafficking, and the existence and particulars of a coordinated long-range plan to subvert and destroy Western industrial countries.
The fact that General Sejna is a DIA employee was made public by the Senate Select Committee.
The Administration operated under the authority of deputy minister of defense Ferdinan Svoboda. Its chief was Colonel Rohac.
The news of this hospital was also a surprise to the CIA and DIA when Sejna’s information was brought to their attention in 1992. This also suggests that no POWs returned from it because had they, they
W	*
would have reported on the hospital in their routine debriefings by U.S. intelligence.The existence of this hospital has now been confirmed by Czechoslovak authorities.
This type of background information is essential in planning a strategy to obtain more information. One of the mechanisms used by the Soviets to control countries has been to insert its own people into key positions in various countries. One of the best examples of this process is North Korea, as described in “How Russian Troops and Guns Help Kill Americans,” U.S. News & World Report, May 28, 1954. This control mechanism is still important. While the Soviet Union no longer exists as such, the KGB and GRU are still very much alive, along with their ability to control people of influence through blackmail and intimidation, especially people who were, and still may be, important cover agents.
6One of his key assistants was Dr. Plzak, who was in charge of neurological research
NOTES:
It is hard to conceive of a more disgraceful farce than these “cooperative efforts” that our American Senators and high-level government officials have praised—and which they all know to be a farce.
44
Vol. IV, No. 3
The RESISTER
at the Central Military Hospital.
'The Kollegiuin was a small group (ten in Czechoslovakia) of senior officials who acted almost as a “preliminary" Defense Council at the Ministry of Defense. The members were appointed by the Defense Council. The Kollegiuin was run by the Minister of Defense. Except for operations and intelligence, all issues that were to go before the Defense Council were first discussed in the Kollegium.Thc discussion on the North Korean hospital arose during a discussion of military field hospitals and the knowledge that had been gained about how such hospitals should be organized during operation of the experimental hospital in North Korea.
The Defense Council has operated under a variety of different names in different communist countries. In Czechoslovakia, the Defense Council was formally termed the Military Committee of the Central Committee from 1956 to 1969. Before that it was called the Council for the Defense of the Republic, and in 1969 its name was changed to the Highest Council for the Defense of the State. Henceforth, the term “Defense Council” will be used to avoid the confusion that is produced by all the name changes. Sejna drafted the charter and regulations for the Czech Defense Council in 1956 based on the secret Soviet Defense Council documents he was given by the Soviets. He was the working secretary of the Defense Council from 1956 to 1964 and, as such, in charge of its secretariat. The cx officio secretary was the Minister of Defense, who at the time was General Bohimir Lomsky. The Defense Council met every other week in the personal conference room of the First Secretary, on Tuesday afternoon. The meetings began promptly at 1:00 and usually ran until 5:00 or 6:00. The Soviet advisor was always present when events of international significance were discussed.
’'In cases of the utmost sensitivity, decisions were made by a subset of two or three members of the Defense Council, such as the First Secretary and Minister of Defense or Minister of Interior.
"The members are established by law. During Sejna s time they were the First Secretary, who was the chairman, his deputy, the Prime Minister, Minister of Defense, Minister of Interior, and Head of the State Planning Commission. In 1967, another official, the Chairman of Parliament, was added.
"These are the POW shipments on which Sejna had knowledge. There may have been, and most likely probably were, other shipments to the Soviet Union that did not go through Prague and, hence, would not have been known to Czech officials.
"In extremely sensitive intelligence projects, such as this one using American POWs, security measures were very carefully planned so that even the people who
were working on the project did not know its nature unless absolutely necessary. Cover stories were devised so that participants received enough information to do their jobs, but were mislead as to the true nature of the project. The overall deception plan, or as it was usually called, the “political plan," in which such measures were set forth, was prepared as part of the decision process. This plan was reviewed and approved by the Defense Council as part of the process of making the basic decision. Even deception plans designed to protect the project in the event that security was breached or compromised were prepared in advance and approved by the Defense Council.
"In this case, General Major Bojkov.
"Coded telephone communications were used for normal administration functions, e.g. housekeeping. In this case code words were used to refer to the operation or location. Except in emergency, serious matters were only discussed in person, face to face.
"General Lieutenant Evzen Chlad, another former Soviet citizen.
"General Major M. Cerny.
l7As early as 1963, specialists within the U.S. Atomic Energy Community knew that the Soviet knowledge of the effects of high levels of radiation exposure on humans was greater than the U.S. knowledge. The unchallenged assumption was that the Soviets had gained this experienced as a consequence of accidents and poor safety standards. While that may have been the case, it is now evident that there is another more reasonable explanation; to wit, their use of captive GIs in radiation dose experiments. Additionally, on March 20,1994,60 Minutes had a special segment on the Soviet use of civilian communities in radiation experiments in which the communities close to detonations were exposed to low level direct radiation and subsequent fallout to test the effects of nuclear war on civilian communities.
"Josef Kudrna.
"General Major Josef Stavinoha.
20General Major Oldrich Burda.
"General Major Vasil Lalo, another former Soviet citizen.
22In 1961, this individual was General Major Lalo.
2,In the communist system (with the exception of Poland) military counter-intelligence, which was responsible for protecting the integrity of the military, actually came under civilian intelligence and, as such, served as an additional civilian watchdog, the other being the political officers associated with the Main Political Administration.
"One of the great surprises when 586 American POWs were repatriated in 1973 was the absence of any amputees.The question Why? has never been answered. The explanation might be that such operations
were conducted in special military hospitals, the same ones in which various medical intelligence experiments were conducted. Any POW entering such a hospital logically would never have been permitted to leave because the risk that would pose to the operation. This also appears to have been the policy in the Korean War hospital from which no patients are known to have left alive, except those shipped to the Soviet Union for further experimental use.
"Other members were the first deputy Mol, the chief of military intelligence, chief of military counter-intelligence, and chief of the 2nd Administration of the Mol, which was the Czech counterpart to the Soviet KGB intelligence.
2,,Sejna does not recall whether this shipment was composed of soldiers or civilians. He personally observed the isolated American who was housed at the Rusveltova #1 villa. This individual, he believes, was an advisor.
27Quong is the pronunciation Sejna used.The Vietnamese name can also be spelt Kwang, Kuang, and Quang. While Sejna believes Quong is the same individual as the one that has been highly publicized following the disclosure of the GRU document in 1993, he cannot be certain until he has the opportunity to review a photograph of “Quong" referenced in the GRU document.
2There were five departments in Sejnas secretariat. The “Special Department” was most secret. It held all strategic plans and the correspondence between the Minister, the Soviet General Staff, and the highest Party leaders. The other four departments handled legislative and legal affairs, military discipline, entertainment, and hospitality. The hospitality department handled visiting foreign dignitaries, including the villas where they stayed.
-"'General Oldrich Burda.
"'General Okatar Rytir.
"Later, this group became known as the Military Council of the Warsaw Pact.
"Additionally, in 1965 Soviet officials proposed a swap of American POWs for two Soviet spies. The same offer was repeated in 1966 by the German, Wolfgang Vogel. A repeat offer was made in 1967, at which time the POWs were said to be in an East German military hospital. See May 12, 1993 State Department cable traffic.
"This only referred to the shipment of South Vietnamese POWs through Czechoslovakia. It was clear to Sejna that the Soviets had a plentiful supply of South Vietnamese for medical experiments in the Soviet Union. Reports on the effects of any drug tests, especially mind-control drugs that were only conducted in the Soviet Union, contained data on the results of tests on South Vietnamese.
"Australia was one of the places that GIs went for rest and recreation. As such,
The RESISTER
Czech intelligence was active pushing drugs onto the vacationing GIs and, where appropriate, attempting recruitment.
“Contrary to the conventional wisdom that sees the M ilitary Political Administration (MPA) as simply an internal military political correctness institution, the MPA, particularly its top officials, had a leading role in intelligence operations, especially the design, deception components, security, and personnel selection. The “why and how” of intelligence operations of the highest sensitivity were regularly discussed by Sejna, who was also a member of the MPA senior internal advisory bureau, and General Major Prchlic with the Soviet head of their M PA, General Aleksey Yepishev and his top deputies, from whom Sejna and Prchlic received instructions on, for example, how to advise military intelligence officials regarding politically sensitive portions on intelligence plans. General Yepishev, incidentally, had been deputy chief of the MVD (KGB predecessor under Stalin). He had been placed in that position by Knishchev to keep watch over MVD activities. General Yepishev also headed the KGB portion of the intelligence task force under General Mironov during the Brezhnev strategy revision of 1956-57 previously described. Serge Petuchov headed the GRU sub-task force.
"'And through North Korea and other communist countries such as East Germany.
'’See: “Making Waves” and “The Microwave Furor," Newsweek, March 15 and 22,1976.
"The development of this operation is described in detail in Joseph D. Douglass Jr., Red Cocaine: The Drugging of America (Atlanta, Clarion House, 1990). See also: Joseph D. Douglass Jr., and Jan Sejna, “International Narcotics Trafficking: The Soviet Connection," Journal of Dejense and {Diplomacy, December 1986.
’’By 1967, Czech scientists had developed several new “recreational" drugs that in their judgment were better than cocaine. The Soviet advisor directed them not to place it on the market because they had already succeeded in placing the blame for narcotics distribution on organized crime and the appearance of these new drugs ^ might raise unwanted questions about their origins.
“'Similarly, before Sejna left in 1968, the Czechs had appropriated the money for the construction of a new center in Czechoslovakia where the best minds involved in drugs, chemical and biological warfare, and nuclear radiation could be concentrated.
41 Ministry of Defense, General Staff, Military Intelligence Administration, Air Force, Health Administration, Central Military Hospital, Administrative Organs Department, and military counter-intelligence.
«In a Letter to the Editor, Washington Times, March 19,1994, Roger Hall writes:
“Information on prisoners of war and those missing in action in Vietnam is being withheld from the public in defiance of President Clintons order that it be declassified by Veterans Day 1993.
“The Library of Congress, which prints the Guide to Vietnam-Era Documentation Collection in Microfilm and coverts the POW/MIA documents received from the Department of Defense (DoD) to microform, is not able to identify material from the National Security Agency (NSA) that DoD alleges was sent there. NSA has instructed DoD not to label any of the NSA material received from it as either NSA or CIA, and to disinform the public of its existence and how to access that information.
“According to DoD, the NSA documentation in question is available at the Library of Congress, but the material has been deliberately mislabeled and scattered into different categories. Those who wish access to these documents are thwarted by the deliberate and malicious concealment of information. There is no way for any average citizen—or expert—doing research on the PO W/MIA issue to find this particular material.
“ 1 his documentation originally consisted of 150 boxes of NSA material that verified testimony by former Air Force and NSA analyst Jerry Mooney that there were Americans in captivity who were not returned. There are intelligence documents in those boxes that Mr. Mooney didn’t know about that also verify his testimony.
“This information has been declassified; it is not the property of the NSA any more.
I he DoD is interfering with the property of American citizens and our right to know. This information was available during the Vietnam War and was not forwarded by NSA to the proper decision makers at the time (as Mr. Mooney s testimony before the Senate select committee on POWs/MIAs reveals), and it is being withheld again by deceit to prevent people from knowing the wrong that has been done.
“This denial of access is in deliberate defiance of the presidential order to declassify the materials, and those materials are being hidden by the very people entrusted to assist in making them available. This is being done to hide the fact that Americans were held when the public believes that all PO Ws were released.
“We don't want classified information on what the NSA is doing now. We want in POW information that has already been declassified and supposedly released to the public. The NSA is exerting control over information on abandoned U.S. military men who it could have saved. Because of NS As arrogance, it failed in its responsibility, and now its interference with documents compounds the original wrong.
“Task Force Russia, the DoD group that is looking into the possibility of POWs hav-
ing been sent to Russia, was working under the assumption that Mr. Mooneys testimony was not credible because the records Mr. Mooney described could not be found. That information was found and withheld from the investigators looking for the link between Vietnam and the former Soviet Union. These investigators were trying to find out if specifically identified men were sent from Vietnam to the Soviet Union.
“In addition to this, Ed Ross, director of the Defense Department's POW-MIA office, misinformed Congress in his testimony before the Asia and Pacific Subcommittee on Feb. 10. He said that all POW/MIA information had been declassified and that more than 1.5 million pages of documentation were available to the public. The Library of Congress estimates that it had only
750,000	pages as of February (1994).
“There is much more that the president, Congress and the Public are being deceived about.
“This wrong must be corrected; our elected government should not be defied by government employees. The President has declassified these documents; the public has a right to know.
■“Details on these allegations are presented in Joseph D. Douglass Jr., “Malfeasance in the Search for American POW/MIAs,” Conservative Review, November/December 1993.
“U.S. Senate, Select Committee on POW/MIA Affairs, Report of the U.S. Senate Select Committee on POW/MIA Affairs, January 25, 1993, P.56.
■“This is sad and deplorable, but nevertheless true. The deliberate efforts by U.S. officials to sabotage information and sources can be documented. Midlevel officials, including those within U.S. intelligence, have lied, misrepresented information, and falsified the record in an effort to sabotage information. According to the reports in The New York Times, this also appears to be true of State Department officials. See: Steven Greenhouse, “New Doubts Cast On P.O.W. Effort: Cable Says Russians Asserted U.S. Officials Discouraged Full Release of Data.” The New York Times, February 18, 1994.
Vol. IV, No. 3
The RESISTER
A representative body, composedprincipally of respectable yocmanry is the best possible % security to liberty. Any law rendering ; property insecure, would be injurious to Melancton Smith, 1788
Every law, or resolution having the force of law, shall relate to but one subject, and that shall be expressed in the title. Constitution of the Confederate States of America Article I, section 9, clause 20
Bella Abzug
The First Jewish Woman in Congress
Profile of a Destroyer
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Seldom, in this degenerate age, is there much cause for celebration. So, when an “old Stalinist war horse”1 dies I throw away the cork on my Bushmills Single Malt and privately toast the long overdue dirt bath of yet another Destroyer. In saner times, Bella Abzug, a “leading feminist,” would have been silenced. Regrettably, burning witches is no longer tolerated in polite society. Now they may inflict upon us “women’s way of knowing," maliciously run for political office, scream anti-Constitution obscenities at the full moon, and spread malignant ‘empowered’ havoc about us at will.
The Unmentionable Problem
Born Bella Savitsky on 24 July 1920, she is hailed in the syrupy wire releases and weeping “news" magazines as “the first Jewish woman in Congress." The Establishment press made a rather special point of clubbing us over the head with that little tidbit. Not to enlighten us, mind you, but to silence any candid discussion about her history through the implied threat of“anti-Semitism."
Throughout this century, America has had an obvious, yet “unmention-
w
able" problem with Jewish spearheaded political and social agitation. The career of the late Bella Abzug illustrates this problem. Had her true loyalties been openly and honestly discussed, they could have had less serious consequences because there would have been more resistance to them.This includes the loyalties of all those “Great Firsts," whose careers would have been honestly examined under a more focused glass. Further, you’re forbidden to even think about the consequences of what “the first whoever” has deliberately in-
flicted upon us — or why, or the motive behind their destraction^n<H>ecause any honest discussion about the spread of collectivism in America cannot be divorced from its Jewish influences, let’s defy our VCheKa (the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B'rith) and their Osnaz1 (Jewish Defense League goon squads) and talk about
Only a minority of
J	m
Jews are Communists, although the vast majority (90% according to a Jewish poll) are liberals who see it their duty to inflict their notion of good upon the innocent.' Yet, many observingjtws are quite conservative. Bella Abzug was one of the notable exceptions. She was raised an Orthodox Jew, which may explain why she always wore those absurd hats. There is, however, a historical pattern of Jewish political activity that cannot be ignored.
[Jews] have always been prominent in mildly leftist organizations such as Americans for Democratic Action [sic!] while Jewish labor leaders were among the most militant... [and Jews were] also prominent in the Communist supported Progressive Party... and among the supporters and leaders of the radical left ( old left perhaps more than new left [sic]). At one time Jews comprised an estimated 50% of the Communist Party
USA. |
Within any radical socialist “movement” or organization a very large percentage of the founding leadership, organizers, and activists will be found to be Jewish.
...Americans of Jewish background were disproportionately represented among the leadership and cadres of the [ New Left] Movement until the mid 60s. At the time they constituted under 3 percent of the population of the United States, and about 10 percent of the students at colleges and universities. Yet, they provided a majority of its most active members and perhaps even a larger proportion of its top leadership. They also provided a very significant proportion of the intellectual community’s most vocal supporters of the student movement.'
The significance about Jewish-led New Left Bolshevism during the early 1960s is that, unlike gentile Bolsheviks, who (albeit stupidly) rationalized their nihilistic radicalism as rebellion against their bourgeois roots, Jewish Bolsheviks, on the other hand, were simply carrying on the work of their Old Left (in many instances, Communist) parents. “Indeed Jewish radicals saw their parents as somewhat to the left of them in
Throughout this century, America has had an obvious, yet “unmentionable” problem with Jewish spearheaded political and social agitation.
47
many ways. [!] Among Jews the more radical the parents, the more radical the young person.”6 Those “parents... ‘somewhat’ to the left” of their 1960s “New Left” Bolshevik children, were themselves the children of nihilist and socialist Jews who fled Russia for America around the turn of the century in order to avoid the logical (and justifiable) consequences of their revolutionary activities.
m
There is another pattern inherent to Jewish Bolshevism that demands attention; indeed, for practical purposes, defines \eyr\sh Bolshevism — the degree to which Jewish radicals are observant (i.e. religious) or not.7 The greater the secularism of individual Jews, the higher is their proportion of leadership in, and participation in the agitprop activities of, communistic organizations and movements.1* This fact is of far greater importance in understanding the historical context of American Jewish Bolshevism than it may appear at first blush. Not for its religious implications, hut for its Communist propaganda value, being Jewish is the perfect camouflage for any American Communist.9
Following the 1917 Russian Revolution, anti-Communist opposition in America was grudgingly permitted if the argument was kept academic, but dissent was immediately visited by a
m	J
torrent verbal and printed abuse if anyone started pointing fingers. Throughout the 1920s and ’30s, anyone who commented about an observable pattern and juxtaposed the words “Jew” and “Communist” in the same sentence was branded an “anti-Semite,”10 one of many stock Communist sympathizer’s swear words. Following Roosevelt’s War, "Anyone who opposes the American Communist is at once branded as a ‘disrupter,’ a ‘Fascist,’ a ‘Red baiter,’ or a ‘Hitlerite,’ and becomes the object of a systematic campaign of character assassination.”" The difficulty in pointing out by name Communists who are Jews, is that observing)ews will come to their defense simply because Jewish Communists (who are by definition atheists) are still considered by obser-vantjews to be Jews.12 That is because Jews consider themselves to be a Nation unto themselves, whose loyalty is to Israel,’3 not a religion,14 nor a distinct race." No less than U.S. Supreme Court Justice Louis D. Brandeis, a strident Zionist, wrote in his book Zionism and the American Jews, “Let us
recognize that we Jews are a distinct nationality of which every Jew, whatever his country, his station, or shade ofbelief, is necessarily a member." {Another first! Justice Brandeis, appointed in 1916 by Fabian Socialist sympathizer Woodrow Wilson, was “...the first Jew to sit on the Court.”),6This is the functional equivalent of Catholics (whose noumenal “nation” is the Church) who stupidly defend or engage in the torturous rationalization of the subversive activities ofJesuit,Maryknoll, Dominican, and Franciscan “Liberation Theologians” (read Communists) simply because those Communists are Catholic ‘priests,’ ‘nuns,’ or laity.17 In fact, there’s not one whit of difference in socialist political outcome between secular Jewish Bolshevism, or the heresies of either Catholic “Liberation Theol-ogy” or the Protestant “Social Gospel.”'* To give one example of how Jewish camouflage works fori American Communists, in 1946 the Anti-Defamation League promoted the Fair Employment Practices Commission (FEPC) in New York state. The FEPC required all businessmen to hire and promote employees according to the orders of an appointive board empowered to fine or imprison any employer who did not accede to the board’s dictates. Coincident with the FEPC ‘law’ was a proposed federal ‘law’ to make “any derogatory reference to a Jew a criminal offense.”19 (And you thought “hate crime” was a current event!) “The Communist Party championed it with daily headlines in its press,” and suddenly there was an influx of “Jews” demanding jobs “in desirous positions by the ruse of demanding racial ‘fairness.*”20 The ADL failed to mention that the equivalent of FEPC and “hate speech" ‘laws’ were already in operation in Stalin’s Soviet Union. No matter. We’re forbidden to take note of such ‘coincidences.’
Bellas Bolshevism
It’s no accident that Bella Savitsky attended Hunter College in New York City between 1938 and 1942.
Hunter College, at the time she attended, was an all female and predominantly Jewish institution.21 It has been a leading “magnet school” for the collectivist-minded from at least the late 1920s to the present. Is faculty22 was (and still is) composed of everything from outright Communists, to political Zionists2’ and United Nations quislings. Overt Communist agitation at Hunter College began in 1933 when America’s fourth dictator,24 Franklin Delano Roosevelt, recognized his dictator pal Joseph Stalin’s Soviet Union as a legitimate nation. To give you an idea of the quality of Bella Savitsky’s “education” at I lunter College, when in 1944, at the peak of Roosevelt s War, it was thought necessary to shop around army officers to universities to “inspire fresh zeal for the War Effort (why was it waning?|... The man for the job [at Hunter College] was Capt. Orest’
^Shestov of the Red Army.”2' I lunter girls responded better to a Red Army officer
w
than to an American Officer.
Poor Bella. She missed all the gushing over the presence of one of Stalin’s G/avnoe Razvedyvatelnoe Upravlenie21' officers whipping up “antifascist” fervor at her alma mater. But she was there in spirit, working for “peace”2' at another Communist stronghold, Columbia University. There, indulging her willful destructive urges — “When I was ten, I had decided that 1 wanted to be a lawyer.”2* — she studied law. She married some compliant weenie named Martin Abzug in 1945.29 She passed the New York state bar in 1947.
Bella immediately joined the National Lawyer’s Guild. The National
w
Lawyers Guild’s purpose, as stated in its 1937 organizing charter, is to act as “a professional organization which shall function as an effective social force in the service of the people to the end that human rights shall be regarded as more sacred than property rights."’0 (Now, there's a ‘coincidence!’The operative bromide of the Negro “civil rights" movement was “Human Rights Over Property Rights!”)” Formed as an ad-
Throughout the 1920s and ’30s, anyone who commented about an observable pattern and juxtaposed the words “Jew” and “Communist” in the same sentence was branded an “anti-Semite,”
48
Vol. IV, No. 3
The RESISTER
junct to and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Soviet-controlled International Labor Defense,12 the National Lawyers Guild’s statement of purpose was about as blatant an admission of Communist sympathy as one can proclaim without having a hammer and sickle embossed on one’s stationary. Bellas ‘work’ for and lifelong membership in the National Lawyers Guild is best summed up by the 1950 report of the House Committee on Un-American Activities:
The National Lawyers Guild is the foremost legal bulwark of the Communist Party, its front organizations, and controlled unions. Since its inception it has never failed to rally to the legal defense of the Communist Party and individual members thereof, including known espionage agents. It has consistently fought against national, State, and local legislation aimed at curbing the Communist conspiracy. It has been most articulate in its attacks upon agencies of the Government seeking to expose or prosecute the subversive activities of the Communist network....”
Bella Abzug earned her reputation as “bellowing Bella” during her work for the National Lawyers Guild while defending Communists. Her undisguised Communist sympathies and strident defense of Communists in the courtroom also brought her to the attention of the CIA, who opened a file on her in 1953. They also opened her mail, which was mostly addressed to (and from) the Soviet Union.’4
NLG courtroom tactics, among such other obnoxious practices as coaching witnesses to be uncooperative and hostile, relied upon recourse to Fifth amendment pleading,** steering the trial into “argumentative extraneous matters,” and turning proceedings into shouting matches. “NLG lawyers seemed to thrive on contempt citations brought against them.”'6
The real nature of the [National Lawyers] Guilds philosophy comes into sharp focus during court procedures. Almost without exception, its leading members... seek to bring the court and its procedures into disrepute. They substitute insult for argument, resort to intimidation of judges by picket lines, parades, and personal abuse.1'
The National Lawyers Guild has
never in its history deviated by one comma from the Communist Party line. And just to put the above in judicial “activist” perspective, Thurgood Marshall, “America’s first Negro Supreme Court justice,” (another first!) who was appointed to the Supreme Court by Lyndon Johnson, was also a member of the National Lawyers Guild. (Are you beginning to notice some patterns emerging?)
Even as a university agitprop babe, Bella drew attention to herself. “As early as 1941... [Savitsky] achieved recognition for her leftist activities. On March 18,1941, the New York Post noted that she ‘generally followed the Communist Party line’”'8 whenever‘liberal’ Hunter girls found some newly discovered ‘injustice’ to protest on cue from the
CPUSA. By 1948 she _______________
was already an official National Lawyers
Aid. International Red Aid was formed in 1922 by the Soviet COMINTERN to promote Communist immigration and nationality policies, particularly in the United States. “By 1932 and 1933, the International Labor Defense was so widely known as an arm of the Communist International that the Councils [for Protection of Foreign Born] were discarded in favor of a new organization, the American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born.”43 One of the founding purposes of the ACPFB was to fight the deportation of foreign Communists (most of whom were Jews, and all of whom were stridently defended by the Anti-Defamation League in the press and the National Lawyers Guild in the courts), because a large number of CPUSA officials in
the 1920s and 1930s were not naturalized
Guild representative tt c	•	ii t_	'-'ll
at the International US- especially — has pUtfo
Association of Demo- never been short of called open borders, cratic Lawyers'9 meet-	unconstrained	immi-
•	•	J	D_____ holocaust
The world----------the American citizens.
Other ACPFB
rms were so-
mg in Prague,^
Czechoslovakia, scant ——————
months after the Communist coup led by Prime Minister Klement Gottwald. At the IADL meeting Bella cosponsored a resolution denouncing “persecutions directed against the leaders of the American Communist Party by the Government of the U.S.A.”40
Bella returned from Communist Czechoslovakia and began representing American Communists called to testify before the McCarthy committee, and during that time she was also the defense attorney for “New York State teachers... accused of leftist activities by the Rapp-Coudert state legislative committee."41 During the 1950s, she also became an activist for the Citizens Committee of the Upper West Side, the National Council of the Arts, Sciences and Professions, the American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born, and Veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade.42 All Communist Party USA front organizations and Moscow surrogates.
Bella’s activities in support of the American Committee for the Protection of Foreign Born are of special importance, because this group was a successor to the International Labor Defense’s Councils for Protection of Foreign Born, which was itself a splinter organization of International Red
survivors.
gration, and abolish-——— ing internal security laws. If you’ve ever wondered why America’s immigration laws are now a shabby farce, it’s because the CPUSA run American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born was greatly favored by Franklin Delano Roosevelt,44 and numerous fellow traveler senators and representatives who were responsible for immigration ‘legislation’ throughout the 1940s and ’50s.
During the 1940s and 1950s, Bella Savitsky was a strident Zionist. Little wonder, given the ecstatic press stories about the glories of communistic life on the kibhutz.um,4* her own Communist upbringing, and Haganah’s murderous terror campaign against the British and Palestinians. The terrorist campaign in Palestine was perpetrated by Konzentrationlager survivors who were miracled there via the “Exodus” following their resurrection from — by their own, and Stalin's, accounts — the deaths of more Jews than ever existed in all of Europe (Russia is not Europe).46 No matter. The world — the U.S. especially — has never been short of “holocaust survivors.” Even the Vatican recently rolled over on its back, exposed its belly, and peed on itself. 1 mean, who else but The Untouchables could get away with looting the gold reserves of Switzerland, the country
Vol. IV, No. 3
49
with the world's last gold standard currency — must be another ‘coincidence.’47 Strangely, Bella s Zionist passion waned in 1967 when she supported Black Caucus resolutions condemning Israel as an imperialist aggressor.’48 Israel, a continuously flushing socialist toilet that “disappears” thousands of millions of tax-extorted Federal Reserve49 scrip annually (which, I if outcome is a reflection of intent, ensures that the Arabs remain on the edge of blind derangement) to prevent its collapse from its own internal socialist contradictions, began supporting CIA anti-Soviet imperialist adventures in the Middle East, and providing arms technology stolen from America to all and sundry who could afford it.There’s
w
just no pleasing some people.
Women Strike For Peace
Bella was a founding member of Women Strike For Peace in 1961. WSP deserves special attention because it was not only a Communist front, it was also an “activation cell" for the feminist movement of the late 1 %0s. Women Strike for Peace was the brainchild of Dagmar Wilson. According to Dagmar, she was just lolling in her Georgetown back yard one balmy September afternoon when it suddenly occurred to her to “call up a few friends,”'0 (who included Bella) to discuss “peace" and nukes; who then called their friends, “and they all wrote letters to friends in other cities."51 Suddenly (note the very tight scheduling here), in November 1961,50,000 unsupervised females ‘spontaneously’ stampeded through 60 American cities waving signs and babies while weeping and moaning (only) about American nuclear testing. (Docs any of this sound familiar?)
In January 1962,after fanning placards and babies in the direction of the W hitc I louse, Women Strike for Peace spontaneously miracled into existence Women s International Strike for Peace in all Western nations. This international woman s way of knowing was rewarded by the Soviets in February 1962 when 70 Women s International Strike for Peace members were invited to a private meeting with the Soviet ambassador at the United Nations. Not to be outdone, in July 1962, the Soviet Women s Committee hosted Dagmar and 11 other extremely earnest '2 Women Strike for Peace members in
Moscow at a Communist Party Soviet Union sponsored Kaffeeklatsch for Peace. Afterward, CPUSA spokesman Arnold Johnson enthused about Women Strike for Peace as “the most vital mass force in the peace movement of our country [sic!] today. “
The WSP-Soviet Women s Committee Moscow Kaffeeklatsch (inconceivably) attracted the attention of the House Committee on Un-AmericanB Activities.51 All Women Strike for Peace members called to testify before HCUA — on the advise of their National Lawyers Guild and ACLU lawyers — pled the 5th when asked about their affiliation with the Communist Party USA.54 Except Dagmar. She quibbled that every woman in Women Strike for Peace was a leader (in a leaderless movement "that claimed over 100,000 concerned women ) so therefore she was helpless to prevent, but Certainly not adverse to, having Communists in positions of leadership in WSP.56
What has all this to do with Bella Abzug? For ten years, since its founding in 1961 until she infected Congress in 1971, she was the political action director for Women Strike for Peace. She was therefore responsible for the shift in political focus of WSP away from disarming America in the name of peaceful coexist-
All Women Strike for Peace members called to testily before HCUA — on the ad-
and pledged to mobilize American women to work with dedication to stop the war in Vietnam. (They love mobilizing people.)This pleased the CPUSA so much that Party rags began featuring glowing reviews of WSP anti-war agitprop for peace, and this pleased the WSP so much they began taking out full page ads in the Party rags. During the late 1960s Bella’s gang figured prominently in both anti-war (in the Left lexicon that means engage in treason) demonstrations and so-called civil rights activism. Dagmar was rewarded for her anti-war efforts by being permitted to travel to Hanoi on several occasions to provide Aid and Comfort to the enemy without so much as a whimper or sideways glance from the State Department.
Ms. Bolshie Goes to Washington
eanwhile, Bella was working behind the scenes at her National Lawyers Guild
m
New York law practice rounding up legal support and raising bail money for Women Strike for Peace protesters.
In 1966, with malice aforethought, she helped organize the National Organization for Women. In Bella s own words, 1 have spent much of my
life working outside
ence with the Soviet vise of their National fhe establishment, or-
Union (which has always meant the U.S. surrenders to communism), toward blatantly adhering to [the United States J Enemies" in Vietnam,
“giving them Aid and Comfort. You might think that was treason.
But our ‘government’ does not declare war on Communists. By not declaring war, our ‘government’ “discovered” that it could not prosecute treason. Therefore Hanoi Jane and all her commie pals who went on pilgrimage to North Vietnam were not traitors. Treason is not allowed by our nomenklatura. It draws too much attention to them. (You see now, don’t you?)
In 1965 a Woman Strike for Peaces delegation met with a delegation of
Lawyers Guild and ACLU lawyers — pled the 5th when asked about their affiliation with the Communist Party
USA.
ganizingandhelping to create pressures for constructive change... [and | as a three-term Congresswoman... 1 have also worked inside the establishment, and I am convinced of the necessity for doing both. 57 [Emphasis added.] In other words folks, the classic Leninist tactic of Pressure From Below, Pressure From Above. (There is nothing in the National Organization for Women agenda that is not inherently communistic.)
During 1968 Bella was an agitator and organizer for Allard Lowenstein s dump Johnson movement. Lowenstein was one of those flaming liberal busybodies (what Communists
North Vietnamese women in Jakarta call useful idiots ) who stuck his nose in
Vol. IV, No. 3
The RESISTER
every movement that was carefully calculated to further weaken America for the final kill. With covert support from the Kennedy dynasty he gained a House seat in 1968, whereupon he immediately introduced legislation to abolish the House Committee on Un-American Activities to protect freedoms under the First Amendment. 58 He and Bella were great pals.
Bella Abzug hated America passionately, so she ran for Congress. As a Democrat, of course. (All the Communists in Congress were allowed to dress in Democrat drag.) Her 1970 New York 19th district campaign was supported by the CPUSA, multitudinous peace organizations, Woman s Liberation Forces, Women Strike for Equality (a Women Strike for Peace offshoot), and the radical leftist New Democratic Coalition.At the NDC convention the subject of North Vietnam s pending victory in Vietnam came up. (They knew!) Bella opposed allowing Vietnamese anti-Communist refugees into America. They deserve the punishment that awaits them, she announced/10
My campaign workers came mostly from the ranks of the new women activists and men [sic] involved in the feminist and antiwar movements as well as from the many community organizations working on neighborhood and city problems, she wrote/’1 As I write this I m looking at some era photographs. Photos of “new women activists;” sloppy, screaming, bra-burning, (and if you stretch your imagination) females, who are anything but sex objects.” Oh, and the ‘men’ (let’s just call them what they are — faggots) “involved” in their “movement.” Neatly dressed (and hopelessly dim) Women Strike for Peace gals, still waving their signs and babies and demanding Americas defeat in Vietnam. Anti-war “activists;” scraggly,yelling, drugged (but interspersed among them are neatly attired, clean, alert Party agitators). And mobs of slovenly refugees from the “Waron Poverty;”surly,menacing, and boiling with “rage” that welfare didn’t resolve their systemic behavior problems. In a rational world Bella would have been fitted with concrete overshoes and dumped into the East River. But alas, the election was her payoff for decades of devoted, selfless service for
u	n
peace.
In November 1970, in a demonstra-
tion of their focused loathing for America, the New York 19th district voted that loudmouthed obnoxious bullying bitch 62 into Congress. The early 1970s were transition years in American politics. The Old Left in Congress, whose ‘legislation’ over the course of 40 years sent America down an irreversible61 path to socialist totalitari- ————
tax-extorted slum insurance, and “open admissions” to city colleges for Negroes and Puerto Ricans because, generally, they couldn’t meet scholastic standards.6'
In 1968 a “special” committee of the Democratic National Committee66 met in Brooklyn to select a Negro to be the first Brooklyn Negro ” ~	elected to Congress,
anism secured by ac-	t> n ai * . i Chisholm narrowly
tivist courts and ruled	Bella Abzug hated edged out jame;
by a cancerous federal America passionately, Farmer, who was the Leviathan, began to be	.	C	paid organizer of
replaced by their nihil- SO Siie ran lOf v^Oll- “spontaneous rage"
istic New Left spawn, greSS. As a Democrat, (read riot, arson and who were itching for ~	/All	U	insurrection) that al-
social equality and	COUrse. (All tne ways followed in the
social and economic Communists in Con- wake of Martin justice for womyn	f1 ,
and the poor. They in- greSS were allowed tO
dress in Democrat drag.)
eluded envious parasitic feminists who demanded full equal- | ity within institutions ■	— —
they could never have created themselves (like Bella, and Patricia Schroeder), and communistic Negro tribalists who were intent on Africanizing America (like Ron Dellums); there not being any effective difference between the two notions.
On her first day in Congress Bella proved her value to the Party. She introduced a resolution demanding the complete withdrawal of American forces from Vietnam by 4 July 1971, then appeared on the steps of the Capitol with Shirley Chisholm who, before a Women Strike for Peace mob of 600 unsupervised females, administered a “special peace oath” to Bella. It was typical Communist “guerrilla theater,” but, then, Chisholm knew which Party had really secured her election.
Shirley Chisholm was — you guessed it — another first! “The first Negro woman elected to Congress.”64 A welfare socialist (there’s a shock), she was a pioneer of‘child care.’ Not by real parents or families (as opposed to sexually irresponsible sluts with bastards), but socialized ‘child care’ by the state (in favor of sexually irresponsible sluts with bastards). Always on the alert for a creative Destroyer, Brooklyn white liberals’ — who have since fled what they created in Brooklyn — had secured her 1964 election to the New York State Assembly, where she sponsored ‘legislation’promoting socialized “day care” and all-day kindergartens.
Luther King, Jr.’s, local campaigns of“non-violence." (Farmer was recently awarded the Presidential Medal of ■M ■ ■ i Freedom by ‘President’ Clinton for his “work” for “civil rights.”) After Brooklyn elected her to the I louse, she became a strident supporter of the Black Panthers and the so-called “anti-war” movement. During Chisholm’s rigged campaign Bella “led a Women Strike for Peace delegation to her office to urge her to include a call for U.S. withdrawal from Vietnam in her maiden speech,”6' which she obligingly did. That’s how she landed on the Capitol steps administering a “special peace oath" to Bella. Considering Bella’s six-year performance in the House, she obviously felt that oath superseded the oath she was administered by legitimate authority.
J
Not surprisingly, given her loathing of the U.S. military (which was killing her Communist heroes in Vietnam and keeping her Soviet pals at bay in Europe), her first target was to gain a scat on the House Armed Services Committee. “I tried hard to get on the Armed Services Committee, an occult male domain... I felt it was important to get to the source of the military overspending that was depriving us of funds for our real needs, and also to demonstrate that as a woman and a peace activist I could bring to the committee a different concept of what was required to assure our national security.”68 [Emphasis added.]
I n 1971, Bella Abzug stated that the proposed Equal Rights amendment
Vol. IV, No. 3
51
“would make... compulsory military service available [sic!] to women..."49 and praised the idea of women in combat. One can only shudder when one contemplates what “different concept” she felt was “required” of the military to “assure our (meaning ‘womyn’ and The Children and The Poor) security.” Perhaps what the military has become; a stupidly obedient social engineering experiment “lead” by starred moral cowards.
Fortunately, at the time. Armed Services Committee chairman F. Edward II bert knew about her Communist background (and her CIA file — which included volumes of photocopies of her opened Soviet mail), and refused her a seat on the committee along with access to the classified material that seat would have entailed. I lowever, she extracted her revenge for being denied the opportunity to destroy the U.S. military and leak classified material to her pen pals in the Soviet Union when Carter brought his freak show to D.C.. Meanwhile, Rep. II bert, in a fit of blithering tolerance (or racial blackmail), approved the seat of “the first Negro member of the Armed Services Committee;” Communist sympathizer Ron Dellums.70 Two years later, Patricia Schroedcr, “the first woman member of the Armed Services Committee,” infected that committee with mad cow disease.
During her six-year reign of terror in Congress, that “horrible old bag"71 championed every “cause" and “movement” that was calculated to leave America a moral, cultural, economic and political min. Bella was a keynote speaker at every “anti-war" demonstration in Washington during 1971 and 1972. In April 1971, addressing one mob she declared, “Your presence here today means that you’re going to force the Congress to undeclarc the war."'2 She played a significant role during the “May Day” demonstrations, and went so far as to tell police that the demonstrators were her personal guests as long as they were in Washington. “While they paraded under Viet Cong flags and chanted obscenities, she heaped praises upon them as peace-loving victims of government oppression."' * At one notable “peace rally” in April 1972, Bella shared the crowd’s attention with a broadcast from Paris by Mme. Nguyen Thi Binh, Foreign Minister of the Communist Provisional Revolution-
ary Government (successor to the National Liberation Front),74 who praised the mob’s “struggle” for “peace.” Always loyal to the cause of international! “peace,” she called for congressional hearings on “war crimes” in Vietnam. By “war crime” she meant what that term has always meant, armed opposition to communism.
Always mindful of creating new opportunities for fellow travelers, she called for Congressional probes of the FBI (they were investigating Communists!), competency hearings against Director Hoover, and she voted against appropriations for the House Committee on Internal Security. (In 1966, “she [had] signed a statement that appeared in the Communist Daily]
Worker, which denied that Congress had! any right to investigate subversive activities.”)7'
Hostis Humani Generis
It’s difficult to imagine anything more evil in its expressed intent and purpose than the Equal Rights Amendment. Not surprisingly therefore, myriad anarchic “women and children’s rights” evils were unleashed upon America in its name by “concerned" legislators. The ERA was not ratified. But no matter! When the goal is utter feminization, and thus destruction of a nation and culture, a little thing like amendment ratification can’t be allowed to get in the way of “progress.” And not to be outdone, or appear overly concerned with our nations defense, the U.S. military obligingly ignored an objective reality that had worked flawlessly since time immemorial (men and women are not equal — metaphysically, epistemologically, psychologically, or physically), and with some token (and controlled) dissent from intractable combat veterans, our Starred Cowards, on cue, inflicted females upon the standing military.
When the unseemly issue of drafting females into the military in the event of war arose, Bella, the consummate “peace" activist, said women should refuse to register for the draft
until the ERA was ratified. “When American women have equality of opportunity, it will be time enough to talk about equality of sacrifice,” [!] she threatened.76
Remember, this is the same bitch who said anybody who resists communism deserves what they get when the
■ Communists take over. Today, the U.S. military is getting exactly what it deserves. Because its “leaders" surrendered to the irrationalism inherent in the proposed ERA and allowed its ranks to be infected with female parasites. Bella knew what “equality of opportunity” meant. The same thing
it has always meant *
when screamed by communists (or feminists, or “civil rights" agitators, or any other tribe of losers): “I demand it became I can’t merit it!”7/
Bella Abzug was a professional destroyer in the best tradition of20th cen-tury American Jewish Bolshevism. She was focused, tireless, spiteful, nihilistic, treasonous, anti-American, and endlessly vengeful. She inflicted upon us two daughters. One of her spawn recently ran for New York City Council, which gerrymandered a special “fag” district. Her sole platform was— that’s right — she’s a dyke. In the squalid world of homosexual politics however, she was lacking one crucial qualification. Her fag opponent managed to trump her— he was HIV positive.
Bella’s funeral was attended by scores of somber, dour, black-clad and behatted witches. While I watched them weeping, hugging and consoling, I brooded on stakes and brushwood faggots.
NOTES:
Dr. Susan Huck. Telephone conversation with author, 27 March 1998.
John]. Dziak, Chckisty: A History of the KGB. (Lexington Books, Lexington, 1988.) Osobogo Naznachcniya (hence, Osnaz), who were Troops of Special Purpose for Stalin s Narodnyy Komissariat Vnutrcnnikh Del (NKVD) which was the successor to Lenin s VCbcKa. The Osnaz by and large... had punitive missions... [such as] exercising mass repression.... against re-
Bella’s funeral was attended by scores of somber, dour, black-clad and behatted witches. While I watched them weeping, hugging and consoling, I brooded on stakes and brushwood faggots.
The RESISTER
calcitrant or suspect peoples or repression in newly conquered territories.... (Page 114.) [Which nicely sums up JDL s history and current activities. In fact, next time swastikas are spray painted on Jewish gravestones, or Nazis try to stage a rally on a college campus, it may well be a JDL provocation. Such demonstrations of hate bring ADL shrieks and denunciations, immediately followed by copycat shrieks and howls out of groveling gentile fools. It s a really neat agitprop scam. Now Negroes are horning in on the scam. Witness the recent epidemic of black church arsons. It was a Center for Democratic Renewal hoax, but it did net them a cool 16 million in brotherly outpouring from concerned stupid whites, and a new federal law (added to the over 10,000 already in existence) to boot. By the way. The Constitution — the real one, not the Nine Robed Dictators — lists only three federal crimes: piracy, counterfeiting, and treason.]
“...Jews [in America] had a ‘mission,’ that they had been set apart by God Himself to take risks for justice. Joel Elias Springarn, the founder [sic] of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored people, was one among many such people." Arthur Hertzberg, The Jews in America. (Simon & Schuster, New York, 1989). Page 151. [Joel Springarn was NAACP president from 1915 - 1940. He was succeeded by his son, Arthur, who was president from 1940 - 1966.] And you thought NAACP was founded by Negroes. The “risks for justice” Mr. Hertzberg refers to are “social justice” and “economic justice.” Do those sound familiar?They should; they're the stock Communist bromides that mean compelled egalitarianism and collectivization of property. NAACP was founded in 1909 by white radical socialists (most prominent among whom was Rabbi Stephen Wise), most of whom were members of the Intercollegiate Socialist Society, which later became the Student League for Industrial Democracy, which evolved into — wait for it — Students for a Democratic Society in 1962. (Remember them?) NAACP s earliest and most generous source of funding was the Garland Fund, an organization created to finance Communist enterprises.Time to wake up, folks.
Encyclopaedia Judaica, (Keter Publishing House Ltd., Jerusalem, 1971). Volume XVIII, page 823. [ Mildly leftist, in this example, is a deliberate distortion and misrepresentation. (But, after all, it is a Jewish written Jewish encyclopedia.) The Americans for Democratic Action was the 1947 successor to the Union for Democratic Action, founded in 1940 as a pro-war political action committee whose aim was to ensure the survival of the Soviet Union and the democratic world. (They meant the goal of one-world Communism.) Once Roosevelt decided to squander American
lives to save democracy in Europe (shades of Wilson!), UDA began domestically to work for their main goal, the destruction of the Congress of the United States. UDA s guiding genius was Louis Fraina, who was temporary chairman of the first Communist convention held in the Western Hemisphere, at Chicago in September, 1919. As a COMINTERN functionary he helped draft the COMINTERN platform that held its purpose was to destroy parliamentarism. U DA was so blatantly pro-Communist that it outlived its usefulness after Roosevelt s War. So it reconstituted (as most fronts do when they are exposed) as Americans for Democratic Action, and immediately became one of the driving forces calling for the abolition of the House Committee on Un-American Activities. Throughout 1950s and 1960s its ideology was anti-anti-Communism... thoroughgoing internationalism... peaceful coexistence with the Soviet Union... calls for the total Welfare State... [and support for] government control, planning, financing or takeover of all facets of health, education, housing, and industry, business and commerce. ADA called for federal totalitarian measures to enforce the so-called civil rights acts (that abrogated the First, Fifth, Sixth, Ninth and Tenth Amendments). And, as Encyclopaedia Judaica so candidly admits, Jews were prominent in UDA and ADA.] See: James Burnham, Does the ADA Run the New Frontier? National Review, 7 May 1963; arid A Coming ADA Government? National Review, 3 November 1964. See also: Francis X. Gannon, Biographical Dictionary of the Left, Vol. I (Western Islands, Boston, 1969). Pages 17 -26.
Stanley Rothman, and S. Robert Lichter, Roots of Radicalism: Jews, Christians and the Left (Oxford University Press, New York, 1982). Page 80. This is an extremely important study of the so-called “New Left” and its ideological origins, and it’s an invaluable reference for any serious study of the willful destruction of America by “New Left" collectivists. If you’ve ever wondered why government (which is now run by New Left 1960s radicals) hates us. Roots of Radicalism provides some very significant clues. It’s also significant that the radical activists of the 1960s and 1970s would have gotten nowhere without the expressed consent and overt support of the Establishment Nomenklatura—who ‘coincidentally* were the New Deal ‘Liberals’ and Communist sympathizers of the 1930s and 1940s.
I	Ibid.	Page	xiv.
For a brief discussion of secular Jewish Bolshevist activism, and the consequences to religious Jews in Russia (and eventually Nazi Germany), see: Richard Pipes, Russia Under the Bolshevik Regime (Vintage Books, New York, 1995). Pages 99-114.
Rothman and Lichter, pp. 216 ff..
And also espionage for the Soviet Union. “Like the majority of Jewish migr s who left Eastern Europe and Russia in the early waves of the 1890s, the Holtzbergs were not an Orthodox family. They observed the major religious holidays, but not much more." Joseph Albright and Marsha Kunstel, Bombshell: The Secret Story of Americas Unknown Atomic Spy Conspiracy (Times Books, New York, 1997). Page 16. The Soviet’s mole and Atomic spy ring’s organizer at Los Alamos was Ted Hall (nee: Holtzberg).
If you’re an American Communist, you don’t even need to be a Jew. Just say you are and you’re protected. This appears to be a uniquely American Communist phenomenon, no doubt due to innate (albeit occasionally misguided) American religious tolerance. Russian Bolsheviks took exactly the opposite tack and openly denounced their Jewishness. Leon Bronstein (Trotsky), when approached in 1917 by a Jewish delegation appealing for aid to “help fellow Jews... flew into a rage: ‘I’m not a Jew but an internationalist.’” (Pipes, p. 103.)
Personally, I don’t buy it. The
W W	*
overwhelming majority of Jews are not of the Semitic race. It’s important to remember that Jews consider themselves (in the context of the so-called Diaspora) a nomadic “nation” unto themselves, not simply a religion, nor a race. Ethnically, most Jews are Khazars, and break down into Sephardim (Western Europe, particularly Spain), and Ashkenazim (Central Europe, particularly Germany, Poland and Asia, i.e. Russia) branches according to their religious observances. Most American Jews are Ashkenazim. The Communist swearword, “anti-Semitism," is intended to mean anti-Jewish, and is calculated, as an argument from intimidation, to immediately silence any discussion or dissent and elicit the terri-fled response, “1 didn’t mean it! Why, some of my best friends are Jews!” Which, of course, immediately undermines any principled argument you might have. My response to the Smear is always, “On the whole, I don’t dislike Arabs.”
FBI Director, J. Edgar Hoover, 26 March 1947, “Menace of Communism.” Testimony before the House Committee on Un-American Activities. Director Hoover was always careful to point out that, although Communist leadership was disproportionately Jewish, most American Jews were loyal Americans. I agree. He was, however, rancorous about Jewish Communists who infiltrated and manipulated loyal Jewish organizations to serve CPUS A ends. I also agree. If you’ve ever wondered why Communists continually attack Nazis as “right wing,” its because the commies don’t think you’re smart enough to notice that both ideologies are socialist. Nazis and Communists are competitors, not enemies.
“So... I would say, very definitely,
The RESISTER
boat in 1905 determined to make this a socialist country — and we’re going to do it!” (Dr. Susan Huck. Telephone conversation with author, 27 March 1998.)
2 3	As opposed to religious Zionists.
It s a very important distinction.
24	For those of you who just joined
us, America’s first dictator was Abraham Lincoln. Number two was Theodore Roosevelt. Number three, Woodrow Wilson. (Although an argument can be made that he was little more than a simple-minded ‘do-gooder, and therefore easily manipulated by his willfully evil statist-Manrist ‘advisor’ and friend (commissar, would be a more accurate description) “Colonel” Edward Mandel House.] All presidents since F.D.R. have been nothing more that popularly elected dictators who perpetuate Roosevelt’s “national emergency” of 1933.Their‘party’ affiliations alternate between Bolshevik (Democrat) and Menshevik (Republican) according to the “outcome-based” political desires of our self-appointed nomenklatura.
Dr. Susan Huck. “Life Among the Libs (Hunter College Division).” National Review, 7 April 1964. Page 277.
GRU — Soviet military intelligence.
“Antifascist” and “peace" have always meant “pro-Communist” and “lack of opposition to the nomenklatura (the ruling class),” respectively.
Abzug, Page 158. (Through careless oversight, she failed to mention in her book her membership in the Communist run National Lawyers Guild.]
She met him at Columbia. He’s somewhat of an enigma. All we really know about him comes from Bella. “He typed my term papers... agreed that I would work at my legal career even after we (sic! ] had children... but our informal understanding... has endured throughout our marriage.... (Abzug, page 158.) No misunderstanding who wore the pants in that “family.”
Francis X. Gannon, Biographical Dictionary of the Left, Vol. IV (Western Islands, Boston, 1973). Page 193. n	Ira Peck, The Life and Words of
Martin Luther King, Jr. (Scholastic, Inc., New York, 1968). United Press International photograph, p. 67. (There must have been millions printed (I picked mine up last year)]. This is a slick little propaganda pamphlet written at a sixth grade level and targeted against grade school students to convince them how evil and “racist,” whites are for introducing Negroes to civilization. Occasionally you can still find it in grocery store book racks during Negroes Are Wonderful Month.
International Labor Defense was a Soviet COMINTERN umbrella organization that included both the International Juridical Association and the National Lawyers Guild, and counted among its American front organizations the American Civil
Liberties Union and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. In 1939 “the ILD conference received friendly greetings from the Attorney General of the United States, Frank Murphey; United States Senators Claude Pepper, Lewis B. Schwellenbach, Theodore Green, and Elbert Thomas, and U.S. Representatives Abe Murdock, Adolph Sabath, Thomas F. Ford, Michael J. Bradley, and Sam Massingale.... Involved in ILD’s‘charitable’ drives for the relief of'political prisoners’ [read Communists arrested for subversion and espionage] were Congressmen John T. Bernard, Usher Burdick, Paul Kvale, Jerry O’Connell, Bryson Scott, and HenryTeigan; Stella Adler, Marc Blitzstein, Millen Brand, E.B. Burgum, Malcolm Cowley, Joseph Curran, Jerome Davis, Archibald MacLeish, Kirtley Mather, Vincent Sheean, Mary E. Woolly, and Richard Wright.” (Gannon, pp. 196-197.) The relationship between ILD, NLG, and the International Juridical Association was as follows: “...ILD organized defenses for Communists and fellow travelers, the ILJ provided the legal research for the defense, and the National Lawyers Guild provided the defense attorneys.” (Gannon, p. 197.) The International Juridical Association’s purpose extended “To the support of workers and their organizations... against the forces of the state... To help establish (in America] world social and legal justice.” (Gannon, p. 198.) Guess who, among other notable ‘progressives,’ was a member of the IJA? Thurgood Marshall. Yes, that one.
"	Gannon,	page	194.
Frank J. Donner, The Age of Surveillance: The Aims and Methods of America's Political Intelligence System. (Alfred A. Knopf, New York, 1980). Page 271. | Donner, a Red, is not the least bit sympathetic to domestic political intelligence, because it was focused most frequently on Communist fronts and the myriad “movements” those fronts supported. From the tone of The Age of Surveillance one gets the unmistakable impression that Donner would approve of the VChcKa (ADL) and Ministerstvo Gosudarstvcnnoe Bczospasnosti (FBI) political intelligence operations against patriotic American anti-Commu-nists.J
Contrary to popular belief, when somebody “pleads the Fifth,” they are not proclaiming their innocence. The no “selfincrimination” bit was to prevent torturing confessions our of people. Legally, it is not supposed to be taken as implying guilt. Which is well and proper. But Reds loved to get their non-Red “useful idiots" to “take the Fifth” alongside them, to provide protective coloration. It needs to be realized, however, that innocent defendants rarely “plead the Fifth."
Gannon, p. 199.
House Committee on Un-
American Activities, 1950 report, quoted in Gannon, page 199.
Gannon, III, page 211.
The International Association of Democratic Lawyers was yet another Soviet front organization, organized in 1946 as an adjunct to the International Labor Defense.
Human Events, 15 May 1971; quoted in Gannon, III, page 211.
Gannon, Vol. Ill, page 211.
Representative Ron Dellums, Bella Abzug’s best buddy in Congress, persistently tried to get legislation passed to award U.S. military veteran’s benefits (!] to members of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade. These were American Communists who fought against Franco in the Spanish Civil War. (This obituary is tame compared to what I have outlined for when that dung-eater Dellums croaks.)
43	Gannon, Vol. II, p. 39.
Every year since 1940 until his merciful death, the cripple F.D.R. would sent his personal warm greetings to delegates of American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born conferences.
45	Collective farms. Yes, children,
that’s right. Israel began as a Communist land grab. Just to give you some historical perspective, the Middle East was pretty stable until about, oh, 1948. Hey! Isn’t this the 50th anniversary of Israel’s terrorist-extorted United Nations founding?
The Magic Number is “Six Million." Just kind of glides off the tongue, doesn’t it? And who, today, would dare question it? There is some considerable controversy over an article written by Martin H. Glynn (former Governor of New York) in the 31 October 1919 issue of The American Hebrew, which was published by the American Jewish Council. The most often cited quote describes the “...extermination of 6 million Jews and the holocaust of European Jewry during the Great War."The juxtaposition of “6 million Jews" and “the holocaust” and “the Great War," while an eye opener, demands (nay, screams for) verification. I did manage to obtain excerpts from the original article. Nowhere, within the excerpts provided by a Jewish organization, are “6 million Jews” and “the holocaust” and “the Great War” juxtaposed in the same sentence, although they are juxtaposed in contiguous paragraphs.The quote reads: “Six million men and women are dying from the lack of necessaries oflife; eight hundred thousand children cry for bread. And this
w
fate is upon them through no fault of their own, through no transgression of the laws of God or man; but through the awful tyranny of war and a bigoted lust for Jewish blood.”The next paragraph begins,” In this threatened holocaust of human life....” Glynn (politics unknown — but definitely a weeping altruist) seems to be referring to the turmoil that was sweeping through postwar Germany at the time; the Spartacist
were Jews) and the Frcikorps counterrevolution. (The Frcikorps were quickly-organized from demobilized Wchrmacht veterans; one might even think of them as “militias.”) Given Glynns tone and rhetoric, he was apparently equating suppression of Bolshevism to systematic repression of Jews. Given that the Sparticists were led, organized, financed, and supported by Jews he may have had a point. Never an organization to discount a useful propaganda rheme, the ADL has been using it ever since.
For a general (and sympathetic) account of the systemic vindictiveness involved in the looting of Switzerland, and the stripping of Wchrmacht veterans or their widows of their war pensions, see: Isabel Vincent, Hitler's Silent Partners: Swiss Banks, Nazi Gold, and the Pursuit ofJustice. (William Morrow & Company, Inc., New York, 1997).
Gannon, III, p. 212.
By a strange ‘coincidence,’ the founding banks of the Federal Reserve (an unconstitutional central bank which has no reserves, is not federal, and is answerable to nobody), were owned by Jews. Also strangely enough, those banks provided substantial financing to Lenin before and after the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution. You ever wonder how the Communist Party USA was financed? Couriers (defendants of the American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born — yet another‘coincidence’) would deliver millions of U.S. ‘dollars’ from the Soviet Union to the CPUSA. (See: Harvey Klehr, John Earl Haynes, & Fridrikh Igorevich Firsov, The Secret World of American Communism (Yale University Press, New Haven, 1995).Thc authors view American Communists as “many of them entirely honorable and decent" (page 323), Senator Joseph R. McCarthy — who, objectively, is completely vindicated by this book’s documentation—as “a political bully" (page 325), and the John Birch Society, which has been documenting the Communist conspiracy in America for decades, as “an extremist anti-Communist organization" (n. page 326).] Even today, the Federal Reserve ships thousands of millions in freshly printed Federal Reserve 100 face-value scrip to “Russia" by the tons monthly. But that’s OK. It’s “for foreign use only" scrip. Can’t be ‘spent’ in America. Only against us.
Alvin Shuster, “Close-Up of a Peace Striker,” New York Times Magazine,b May 1962. Just to give you some background on how all this works, Alvin was the son of George Shuster, dean (and then president) of Hunter College from 1939-1960. (Hey! What a ‘coincidence!’ Bella was a student at Hunter from 1938-1942!) George Schuster had a “distinguished’ career as a willing front-man for whatever Hunter Reds re-
Freedom of the Press, which was dedicated to censoring anti-Communist writings by threatening to blackmail publishers as ‘anti-Semitic.’ He was also an active member of the Institute for American Democracy, founded in 1943 as “an anti-anti-Comniu-nist witch hunting offshoot of the... Anti-Defamation League," and (among others — like the National Education Association and the AFL-CIO’s Committee on Political Education), the American Jewish Committee. (Gannon, II, page 547.) Speaking at a National Education Association convention in 1967, then president of IAD, Iowa Weslyan College President Franklin H. Liddle stated that the purpose of the Anti-Defamation League’s Institute for American Democracy was to render “Extremists” (anti-Communists) in America “muted and... ineffective.” (Gannon, I, 185.) George Shuster was also an advisor to the National Ad Council, an ADL approved propaganda arm of the federal‘government’ which reminds us daily,“Discrimination — it’s against the law!" Which means, in precise English, “Individual value judgments are a federal crime."
A. Shuster, op cit.
In January 1962, President Kennedy called them extremely earnest and concerned as we all are about the possibility of nuclear war. (Gannon, II, page 190.) Although it s difficult to imagine why he said that. In September 1961 he signed into federal law Department of State Publication 7277, Freedom From War: The United States Program for Genera!and Complete Disarmament in a Peaceful World , which commits the United States by federal law to The disbanding of all national armed forces... other than those required to preserve internal order and for contributions to a United Nations Peace Force. |Emphasis added. (There is no mention in Freedom From War why the United Nations needs a Peace Force in a world that has disbanded all national armed forces. Then, Women Strike for Peace never mentioned why they were opposed to only America testing nuclear weapons. (Still scratching your head over “peacekeeping,” the “draw down” of our military, Combat Application Group using U.S. cities as live-fire training areas, the militarization of our police, and the posting of active duty commanders to — the few remaining — National Guard combat units?)
Which was immediately swamped by letters and telegrams from concerned women who denounced the hearings — a considerable number of whom were subsequently identified from testimony of previous hearings as members of the Communist Party. (Gannon, 11, page 193.)
The tactic involved here was to get everybody, especially stupid non-Reds
protected the real Reds when they “pled the
Fifth.”
*' Arnold Johnson of the CPUSA thought the idea of movements with no leaders was a wonderful idea, and since the 1960s movements for peace and social and economic justice have been spontaneously arising at the drop of any crisis that was created by the last miraculous spontaneous movement.
Gannon, II, page 195. [Dagmar s statement that everybody in Women Strike for Peace was a leader is a crucial insight into the feminist movement writ large. On the whole, women “take things personally,”are impulsive, and tend toward “touchy-feely” responses to carefully crafred stimuli. In that sense, any action, like simply picking up a phone and calling somebody, is leadership. Which is precisely what Dagmar was averring when she testified before the HCUA that every woman in the movement is a leader, working on her own initiative for the cause of peace. By 1964, Women Strike for Peace claimed
500,000	lcaderless leaders. I know; but hey, it s a woman s way of knowing. |
157	Abzug, page 19.
',s	Gannon, II, page	478.
The New Democratic Coalition was geared to steering New Left radicals, the politically “alienated,” “peace activists, feminists, homosexuals, and Negro welfare socialists into the Democratic Party “to create policies that would bring peace." See: Abzug, 157 ff. (Although she doesn’t mention N DC by name, she was a major player.]
60	Gannon, III, page 212.
61	Abzug, page 157.
1,2	Dr.	Susan I luck,Telephone con-
versation with the author, 27 March 1998. Dr. Muck was Representative Lawrence McDonald s research assistant.
“Oh, please don’t say‘irreversible.’ Leave us some hope!” (Dr. Susan I luck. Editor’s notes on the manuscript of this article. 1 May 1998.) Perhaps America’s descent into socialism and totalitarianism is reversible. But it would be a very messy process.
Gannon, II, 267.
The current mayor of New York City, Rudolph Giuliani, would like to reinstate admission standards, but he has been informed that 60% of “students” would then be ineligible.These institutions are now mere holding pens for adolescents and the unemployable. Which is what Shirley had in mind all along.
“In the June 1969 issue of Political Affairs (the official rag of the CPUSA], old-time Communist Ilosea Hudson boasted how he was on the | Democratic Party] committee that chose Shirley Chisholm as its congressional candidate....” Gannon, II, 267.
hi
The RESISTER
revolution led by Rosa Luxemburg, Karl Liebknecht, and Franz Mehring (yes, they
quired of him. He was chairman of the University of Chicago’s Commission on the
(“useful idiots") to “take the Fifth." That
Abzug, page 163.
Vol. IV, No. 3
6?	Abzug, page 164.
69	Congressional Record, 12 October 1971.
70	One of Dellums’ first projects to destroy the military was to submit legislation calling for the establishment of the Defense Race Relations Institute (now, the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute), training ground for the military’s zampolit (political correctness commissars).
Dr. Susan Huck.Telephone conversation with author, 2 May 1998.
Nancy Zaroulis & Gerald Sullivan, Who Spoke Up? American Protest Against the War in Vietnam, 1963 - 1975. (Doubleday & Company, Inc., New York, 1984) Page 359. [Congress never declared war against North Vietnam, and therefore could not “undeclare” it. If there are any veterans who are readers of The Rcsisterv/ho took part in that demonstration, and who tossed their medals for valor and heroism onto the Capitol steps like “guerrilla theater” puppets — SHAMEl You should have been splitting‘peace loving’ skulls with mattock handles.]
Gannon, III, 213.
Zaroulis & Sullivan, page 379.
Gannon, III, 213.
| Jeanne Holm, MG USAF (Ret.), Women in the Military: An Unfinished Revolution. (Presidio, Novato, 1982). Page 351. [The subtitle sounds like an old COMINTERN slogan, doesn’t it?]
“When Rella led the American “woman’s” delegation to Beijing I had hoped she would prove so obnoxious that the Chinese Reds would lock her up. I wistfully envisioned Bella screaming at some teen-age People’s Liberation Army guard, ‘Let me outta here, ya little snot! I was a commie before your grandparents were born!’” (Dr. Susan Huck. Editor’s notes on manuscript. 1 May 1998.)
Vol. IV, No. 3

GREEN CROSS
Gorbachev and Global Enviro-Communism
by
Natalie Grant
private foundation created in April 1993. It was formed through a merger with another environmental group, known as World Cross International, which existed in Switzerland.The Swiss
Moscow Stage Manager
A major Moscow directed hoax of the 1950s was the “Peace Movement."The Moscow regime, expert in political deception, follows attentively western opinion, which it then uses as a foundation to spread disinformation. Concern by some people in the free world over any particular development which might threaten their well-being — for example, nuclear weapons — is seized upon by Moscow disinformation strategists. By means of selected, slanted and deceptive data, concerns are gradually transformed into fear. Scared and under considerable stress, the victims of this Moscow game can thus be influenced into accepting policies and taking steps harmful to their own interests — like “disarmament."
The Soviets took advantage of antiwar sentiments that had developed in the west. They were interested, of
H	F
course, in promoting peace for their own protection to make Soviet policies more receptive to the public. The main purpose of the “Peace Movement," stage managed from Moscow since its inception, however, was to spread communist influence throughout the world.
The urge of the Soviet leadership to expand in the west was confirmed by D. Volkogonov, a prominent Soviet official, archivist and historian. In a speech at The National Archives in Washington, D.C., shortly before his death, Volkogonov admitted that the objective of the men in power in the Soviet Union had always been to gain greater influence in the world at large. Expansion of influence is, therefore, one of the principal purposes of every major Moscow disinformation hoax. Moscow’s methods have not changed.
The environment has replaced peace, as an astute journalist recently remarked. Although “peace” still re-
mains a prominent item on the list of deceitful operations of Soviet leaders, protection of the environment has become the principal tool for attack against the'West and all it stands for. Protection of the environment may be used as a pretext to adopt a series of measures designed to undermine the industrial base of developed nations. It may also serve to introduce malaise by lowering their standard of living and implanting commu- I nist “values.”
The modus operandi in organizing the attack against the West via the environment is similar in many respects to methods employed by the organization of the “Peace Movement.”
True facts are exaggerated to the extreme with the intention of terrifying rank-and-file citizens, while doubtful evidence is presented as scientifically proven fact.
The set up of the environmental operation, however, is more complex. Instead of one world[ council representing the entire “Peace Movement,” the environmental extremists (also known as professional environmentalists) fall into two groups. One, a non-governmental organization, is the so-called Earth Council, chaired by Maurice F. Strong, a top-level official of the United Nations. The other group, also an NGO, is linked with Moscow through the Green Cross International, or GCI. Mikhail S. Gorbachev is its chairman and founder.
An early definition of Green Cross International depicts GCI as an American non-governmental organization, a
group had been formed four months prior to the merger. This raises the question as to whether the creation of WCI and its merger with GCI were moves to facilitate the establishment of GCI headquarters in Geneva.
The early description of Green Cross International as American was false. Even while GCI now has a chapter in the United States, GCI is not and was never an American movement.
Global Forum
Green Cross International traces its origin to a group that started out under the somewhat clumsy appellation of“Global Forum of Spiritual and Parliamentary Leaders on Human Survival," which it abbreviated to Global Forum, using the
full name only in official documents. It was formed upon the initiative of Aiko Matsumura, a Japanese activist and now Executive Coordinator of the organization.
Global Forum’s purpose was to establish a dialogue with C. Nobel, founder of the Earth Aid Society. It is difficult to determine whether the idea of a dialogue came to Mr. Matsumura from M oscow, which favors dialogues as a tool for infiltration. Mr. Nobel recruited the Rev. James Park Morton, Dean of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York, who arranged to have the first meeting of the group in June 1985 in the Cathedral. Among other things, they discussed a solution to “critical issues,” such as degradation of the environment and the depletion of the earths resources. There were only about a dozen participants. They included, however, prominent figures Angier Biddle Duke, the former chief of protocol in the Kennedy and Johnson administrations, and Congressmanjames H. Scheuer of New York.
The meeting at the Cathedral was
Although “peace’ still remains a prominent item on the list of deceitful operations of Soviet leaders, protection of the environment has become the principal tool for attack against the West and all it stands for.
The RESISTER
soon followed by a conference in Tarrytown, New York. The Tarrytown meeting had a more numerous audience. In Tarrytown, the question was raised and the motion was approved of holding an international conference in Oxford, England.
Sometime later Congressman Scheuer visited Moscow. He took along invitations to the conference and handed a few to the office of the President of the Supreme Soviet for transmission to parliamentarians. Several Soviet officials accepted the invitation and attended the conference. The Soviet delegation was led by Yevgeniy Velikhov, Vice Chairman of the Soviet Academy of Sciences.
The Oxford Conference was well attended, mostly by leaders of non-Christian faiths and indigenous personalities. In addition, there were representatives from Britain (including the Archbishop of Canterbury) and the Netherlands. Among the delegates were Chief Oren R. Lyons and Mother Teresa. There were elections to the Council of Global Forum. Nominated to the Council were a number of religious leaders from non-Christian faiths, as well as Yevgeniy Velikhov.
During the proceedings, the GF leadership announced that their next international conference would take place in Moscow, Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. Under the circumstances one wonders whether the Global Forum received assistance from some powerful ally. The international conference in Oxford was a clever move on the part of a practically unknown and questionable group. With the Oxford Conference of1987, the Global Forum entered the international arena.
The Big Event—The Moscow
Tre nee
he Moscow Conference met in-January 1990. Co-sponsored by the Supreme Soviet of the (then) USSR, the conference had the active support of the Academy of Sciences. All Soviet religious communities were called upon to ensure the cooperation of various religious communities. The speakers included the Secretary General of the United Nations and the President of the USSR. Senator A1 Gore was also among the speakers. He had by then become a member of the Global Forum Council and had even contributed an article to Shared Vision,
the official publication of the Global Forum.1
The key event was the speech by Mikhail S. Gorbachev, President of the Soviet Union. As it was summarized in Shared Vision,2 Gorbachev’s speech presented Soviet suggestions on how to respond to an “ecological imperative.” The Soviet recommendations comprised the demand for a nuclear test ban, the establishment I of an international environmental monitoring system, the signing of a covenant to protect unique ecological zones, the support of United Nations environmental programs and of the international conference on the environment and development, which was scheduled to meet in June 1992 in Brazil. Gorbachev noted that environmental tragedy could be averted only through international effort.
You should remember that at the time of his speech, Gorbachev was still the President of the Soviet Union and he was expressing the “views” and “suggestions” of the Communist Party Soviet Union, of which he was leader.
These “suggestions" did not fall on deaf ears. Before long, the activities of Global Forum began to reflect the communist “recommendations.” Indeed, had there been any doubts as to the political stand by certain leaders of Global Form or Moscow’s attitude toward this barely known group, they were dispelled by events at the Moscow Conference. Intense Soviet interest in the proceedings was obvious.
By 1990, certain leaders of the Global Forum had transformed their group into a communist front and were ready to act upon Soviet “suggestions.” The services they began rendering to international communism were important. In its appeal, Global Forum played on hostility toward certain aspects ofWest-ern civilization. Global Forum recruited non-communist environmentalists and placed them under the direct, controlling influence of communists. Naive indigenous peoples, non-Christian religious figures and a few government
officials were the main target. Senator A1 Gore may serve as an example.1
The First Earth Summit
Meanwhile, the United Nations was embarking on its own program to protect the environment. Leading among the environmentalists at the UN was Maurice F. Strong, a multimillionaire with top-level business contacts. In 1972, Maurice Strong acted as Secretary General at the Stockholm Conference,4 which was convened to put the environment on the world agenda.
In 1987, the UN
World Commission on Environment and Development called for the establishment of a code which would prescribe principal norms for behavior of states and individuals in matters relating to the Earth. And in June 1992, the UN held an international conference in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which discussed to a large extent matters connected with “protection” of the environment. Maurice Strong was one of the organizers. In environmental circles, this conference was known as The Earth Summit.
All was not smooth sailing at the first Earth Summit. Heads of state refused to accept some proposals, and arguments were often bitter. Insults were exchanged, and President Bush, who attended the meeting, got his share of comment. Timothy Wirth, a former senator from Colorado, accused him of engaging in “adolescent politics” and looking “silly” for not signing a treaty on biodiversity.1 Global Forum, for some reason, held a simultaneous conference of environmental parliamentarians in another section of the city. The presence of two similar meetings in Rio de Janeiro led to confusion. Resolutions passed by Global Forum were attributed at times by observers to the United Nations Earth Summit.
The conference of parliamentarians served Global Forum as an opportunity to put into effect Soviet president Gorbachev’s “suggestion” to establish
You should remember that at the time of his speech, Gorbachev was still the President of the Soviet Union and he was expressing the “views” and “suggestions” of the Communist Party Soviet Union, of which he was leader.
Vol. IV, No. 3
59
an international monitoring institution to protect the environment. This was accomplished by having the parliamentarians pass unanimously a resolution creating an organization, named International Green Cross, later changed to Green Cross International. According to a GCI press release, Mikhail Gorbachev s Moscow speech was at the root of Green Cross International's foundation. He was, therefore, invited to accept the position of founder and chairman of GCI. The formal launching of GCI could not take place at Rio and had to be postponed to a future international conference. That took place in 1993 in Kyoto, Japan. Gorbachev attended the Kyoto conference and accepted the nomination.
Although environmentalist circles were disappointed by the results of the 1992 Earth Summit, it actually proved to be a step forward in their campaign for global “protection” of the environment. The UN conference, thus, adopted a program for the coming century. The course of action based off “sustainable development” was set down in a document known as Agenda 21, which was further amplified by meetings in Copenhagen, Cairo, and Beijing.
Agenda 21 is viewed by environmental extremists as a blueprint in “sustainable development.” It was circulated among world leaders who are expected by environmental extremists to implement its provisions. The document is divided into forty chapters, some of which contain, on their face, what appear to be reasonable demands, until those demands are juxtaposed with other chapters (i.e., the chapter on “social justice”) that reflect adherence to blatantly communist doctrines.
The Earth Council
r | *he Earth Council, an international non-governmental orga-JL nization, also arose as a direct result of the Earth Summit. The probable creator of the Earth Council is its chairman Maurice F. Strong. It states its mission to be the support and “empowerment" of “people” in building a more “secure,” “equitable” and “sustainable” future. The Council, therefore, aims at strengthening the participation of “equal rights” groups, particularly women, indigenous peoples and “youth,” in its work.6 The special focus of the Earth Council is to ensure the
“operationalization” of indigenous people, women and “youth.”
Canadian born, in his sixties, Mr. Strong is a self-made man and has innumerable contacts in highly placed and wealthy business circles where he seems to enjoy a good reputation. He admits to holding a “socialist ideology” and has been described by a former UN Deputy Ambassador as a “very dangerous ideologue, way over the left.”7 Mr. Strongs immediate assistant is the Executive Director of the Earth Council, Maximo T. Kalaw. He is said to be an “activist” from the Philippines. Mr. Kalaw, who also heads the Earth Council Institute and ■ is the Chairman of thel Green Forum of the Philippines, holds some rather bizarre views. For instance, according to Mr.
Kalaw. economic society, although the main engine for economic development, does not hold “public interest” as its primary concern ^ and, therefore, its members should not be allowed to be part of public governance. Moscow is represented on the board of the Earth Council by Yevgeniy Velikhov, Vice Chairman of the Soviet Academy of Sciences.
Since its establishment, the Earth Council has been in close collaboration with Green Cross International. In April, 1994, Maurice Strong and Mikhail Gorbachev met at the Hague and launched an “initiative” for an earth charter. They proposed the signing of the charter which would, according to its promoters, provide a “new mode of life” based upon radical “principles for the whole of humanity.” Both Maurice Strong and Mikhail Gorbachev viewed The Earth Charter as a priority. In this respect they seemed to be following the precepts of the UN World Commission on Environment and Development (UNCED). Indeed, in 1987 UNCED had called for the formation of a charter which would prescribe “norms” for states and individuals to maintain life on earth.
In order to produce an “ethical and moral” set of “imperatives,” environmental extremists supported the idea of an earth charter plan to precede its acceptance by a worldwide consultation
Gorbachev constantly demands a “change of values” but never specifies the values he wants changed, or what should replace them.
involving all sectors of society. To reach consensus in a world inhabited by people of totally opposite views is an impossible undertaking. Therefore “consensus” will be achieved by limiting consultation to individuals and NGOs already favoring the Earth Charter.
Green Cross International
he political line adopted by Green Cross International is that of Mikhail Gorbachev, founder and chairman of GCI, who, appropriately, is its mouthpiece. Of
course, as a commu-—. nist, Gorbachev and
the Green Cross will want to install communist “values.” In its pro-nouncements, Green Cross usually calls for action but leaves untold the action it plans to take. Generalities permeate the statements of GCI — and Gorbachev as well — relating to doctrine and activities. In discussing the aims of his enterprise, Gorbachev calls for a “new civilization,” asserting that neither democracy nor prayers to God can solve the alleged “world crisis.” What is a “new civilization?" He does not explain. Because civilization is usually understood to be cultural and technological development, the qualifying “new” requires interpretation that is (conveniently) not supplied. Gorbachev constantly demands a “change of values" but never specifies the values he wants changed, or what should replace them.
In its analysis of the Earth Charter, GCI also follows Gorbachevs lead. GCI laments that despite repeated efforts, the “international community” has not yet been able to agree on an effective international treaty that would guarantee the “rights” of the earth.8 With the creation of international law a “slow and tedious process,” GCI suggests greater focusing on “soft law.”9 Soft law refers to non-binding documents drawn up by special interest groups, such as GCI or The Earth Council, that establish “norms,” hoping they will take on the force of “law” through customary practice. Majority rule and dissent are thereby circumvented.10 Green Cross International hopes, however, to
60
Vol. IV, No. 3
The RESISTER
persuade the government of each country to ratify the Earth Charter in time for its proclamation on 01 January 2000.
The administrative director of Green Cross International is Andreas Eggenberg. He advocates integration of all sectors of society at every level in order to achieve “constructive” overall prevention of and response to disasters. In his opinion, this approach will stabilize the ecological and political “situation” of humanity."
The top figure in Green Cross International remains Mikhail Gorbachev, admitted communist by training and conviction.The Vice President if GCI is Daniel Goeudevert, a Frenchman, self-made businessman, who occupies prominent positions in the automotive world. He is a member of the Club of Rome and an advisor to the Director General of UNESCO. He also presides over the Economic Council of the Gorbachev Foundation.
The United States chapter of G reen Cross International was officially opened by Mikhail Gorbachev during his visit in October 1994. Named “Global Green USA,” it maintains offices in several cities, including New York and Cleveland, Ohio. It also has an office in Washington, D.C., where it is represented by one Paul Walker. The president of the American chapter is one Diane Meyer Simons, whose slogan is “one world, one people.” She apparently intends to use this motto to rally public and political leaders for action and support of Global Green USA. Global Green USA is directed by Hugh Locke, who in his first year of activity concentrated on a campaign against “toxic military waste.” Hugh Locke also seems interested in the production of documentary films devoted to leaders of the environmental movement. As are most of his colleagues, Hugh Locke is vague in his comments. It is, therefore, difficult to understand what he means when he too calls for the creation of a “new civilization.”
Expansion
reen Cross and Crescent In-—. ternational is now in its fourth year. (Sometimes “Crescent” is added to the GCI name.) At first glance, it does not seem to have performed any spectacular feat. Its name has never been mentioned during volcanic eruptions, nor does GCI seem to
have intervened in saving the victims of extensive floods, nor has it received publicity at the time of oil spills. GCI has been silent on the Three Gorges Dam Project in China, scheduled for completion in 2009, although the project is expected to have a profound ecological, environmental, cultural, archeological and historical impact. Yet, rescuing the victims of disasters and protecting ecological zones are in the GCI program. In fact, skeptics argue that so far GCI has! been long on rhetoric and short on action.12
Green Cross International, however, has not been idle. It has actively collaborated with UN environmental extremists at numerous meetings and conferences and has taken a leading role in launching the Earth Charter. Gorbachev and his staff have further been seeking and finding support in government circles, particularly in Holland, and have been engaged in expanding GCI into a truly international organization. Barely one year after its establishment, Green Cross and Crescent International had already formed five national chapters. The GCI operates two centers. One is in the Hague, where GCI maintains its programs on “values” education, as well as matters related to the media and communications. The other center is in Geneva, Switzerland, where GCI handles emergency operations. In addition, the group has chapters in a number of countries, including Estonia, France, Japan, Korea, the Netherlands (where government circles have donated at least $75,000 to GCI), Sweden, Switzerland, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States.
The Second Earth Summit
In March 1997, five years after the Earth Summit, a conference on environment met in Rio de Janeiro with an attendance of some five hundred people. It has been named Rio+5. The participants met in order to review the progress in “sustainable development” made since the Earth Summit and apparently to prepare for the Sec-
ond Earth Summit.
Rio+5 issued a set of recommendations dealing with the necessity to focus attention on The Earth Charter and to reach a consensus on “values.” The meeting parties stressed the need to strengthen the participation of “equal rights” groups, i.e., women, indigenous peoples and “youth” in councils for sustainable development. The emphasis placed by environmental extremists upon “sustainability” raises questions.
Supporters of “sustainability” often disregard the fact that nature is their most dangerous opponent. With one sweep, nature can destroy the most carefully laid plans. The volcano at Montserrat, which transformed a flourishing community into a desert of ash, may serve as an example.
The UN Second Earth Summit opened its doors in June 1997. Dignitaries from over 160 countries flocked to the meeting in New York City. President Bill Clinton and Vice-president A1 Gore also attended. The summit reportedly began with “recriminations between Europe and the United States and by Third World countries condemning developed countries for broken promises.”1’ The main points in the discussion concerned aid to developing countries by the West — or rather, by the United States. Another point dealt with the signing of a pact reducing “greenhouse gases” and their emission; a pact specifically designed to cripple what's left of American industry. This was presented to the conference in Kyoto, Japan, in December 1997. Environmental extremists proclaimed their disappointment with the results of The Second Earth Summit. They failed to note, however, as did herbalist Charles K. Hanley14 that the environmental movement made progress by “slow bits” over the last four decades.
Conclusion
Information available at the present time seems to show that the environmental extremists maintain contact with and are supported by Mos-
The meeting parties stressed the need to strengthen the participation of “equal rights” groups, i.e., women, indigenous peoples and “youth” in councils for sustainable development.
cow. The “movement" has all the traits of a Soviet disinformation operation. Facts are exaggerated into a “nightmarish” picture of floods, scorched earth, disease and death. The target, the industrialized West — scared and confused by Moscow's sympathizers in “science," academe, and the slavishly obedient Establishment media — is influenced to accept measures and regulations harmful to the Western world.
These are not the only consequences of the action of the environmental extremist movement. It is promoting conflict, domestically and internationally. We can only marvel at the skill with which the two top leaders have proved able to introduce dissent and conflict into usually pacific circles.
These two leaders, Maurice Strong and Mikhail Gorbachev, are men of considerable experience. They understand economic and politics. They are therefore fully aware of what they are doing. Strong has the power of the United Nations at his disposal. Gorbachev, and able public relations man, gained considerable influence in the period following his retirement from president of the USSR. They are consciously harming the United States.
Who profits from the activities of these two men?
NOTES:
1	Shared	Vision, No. 6, Global Fo-
rum (no publishers address given).
1	Shared	Vision, No. 7, Global Fo-
rum, (no publishers address given), p. 11.
Editors Note. Mme. Grant, in my estimation, gives credit to (now) Vice President A1 Gore as an apparent dupe, where no such credit is due. Albert Gore Jr.'s father, Albert Gore Sr., had a “distinguished^ career as political shield bearer for “businessman" Armand Hammer, who was an intimate of Lenin, Stalin, and Krushchev (yes. Hammer was Jewish and a Communist). Hammers FBI “dossier" had to be trundled around on a dolly. Hammer first bribed Rep. Gore Sr. in 1950 with a “profitable partnership” in a cattle-breeding business (can you say “money laundering?”), payoffs for “pull" that continued well into the late ’60s. In return. Gore Sr. provided political “access,” and “protection” from FBI interference in Hammer s illegal technology transfers to the Soviet Union. (Another of Hammers Congressional stooges was Rep. James Roosevelt, eldest — and eminently bribe worthy — son of FDR.) After Gore Sr. became a senator he became a tireless champion for Hammer, and greaser of skids for yet greater political “access." Senator Albert Gore Sr. was a vehement champion of “world peace”
(in the Communist sense of the phrase), the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, the creation of the Peace Corps, and praised the United Nations’ brutal repression of anti-communism in Katanga province, Congo, in 1962. Albert Gore was the darling of the communist-front Council for a Livable World, advocate of transferring state-of-the-art technology to the Soviet Union for “peaceful purposes” (a Hammer project), and beginning “exchanges” with communist Eastern Europe to promote “understanding” (another Hammer project). Albert Gore was an enthusiastic supporter of President Johnson s “Great Society” programs; his only complaint was that Johnsons socialist programs didn’t go far enough. [!] Gore Sr.’s final payoff was a vice-presidency in .Armand Hammer’s Occidental coal division. Sen. A1 Gore Jr. was also an intimate of Hammer, who sat at Gore Jr.’s table at Reagan’s inauguration ball. VP A1 Gore is every inch his father’s son, having learned the “trade" at daddy’s feet; he was “groomed” to be where he is now. In line for the presidency. Treason may not corrupt blood legally, but it does seen to run in the Gore family.
4	Guardian, September 17,1991.
The Washington Times, November 8,1997, p.l.
It is an interesting ‘coincidence’ that in her extensive travel among indigenous peoples Hillary Clinton usually addresses women and “youth."
Alston Chase, The Washington Times, October 4,1997, A13.
“Earth Charter Programme,” Green Cross International, (http:// www.gci.ch/greencross/projs/earth.html). It is doubtful this document is currently accessible.
*	Ibid.
11	Gordon L. Brady. “Greenthreats? The 1992 UN Conference in Environment and Development.” InternationaI Freedom Review. Spring, 1991, p. 47.
PR News Service, November 5,
1994.
12	Audubon, Nov/Dec., 1994, p.56. The Washington Times, June 24,
1997.
The Washington Times, June 29,
1997.
Vol. IV, No. 3
The RESISTER
WASHINGTON
WEASELSPEAK
El**- ty
L.S. Spooner
If English is ever declared the offi cial language of the United States, the biggest upheaval will be in Washington, D.C.That’s because they don’t speak English in Washington. They speak Weasel. You may not realize that, because Weaselspeak has the same-sounding words and grammatical structure as English. When you hear it,you thinkyou’re hearing English. But you’re not. You’re hearing a very different language. Sometimes what’s being said is entirely opposite of what you think is being said.
An Increase is a Cut
Let me give you some examples. In Washington, the word cut is frequently used when budgets are discussed. Now that’s interesting, because we English-speakers might very well use that word in a financial context. You and I might say, for instance, that we must “cut” our monthly entertainment spending because money is tight. In English that phrase means of course that in coming months, we should spend less than we are now spending. Alternatively, imagine that you initially planned to increase your entertainment spending by 10 percent. But you decide you will increase it by 7 percent instead. Is the new entertainment budget an increase or a cut over the current level? The answer depends on what language you’re speaking. In English, it’s an increase. Let’s say today you spend S100 a month on entertainment. You planned to increase your entertainment budget to SI 10, but you change that plan to increase it only to S107. Clearly, your budget is going from S100 to S107—an increase of $7 per month.
But none of that is true in Washington Weaselspeak. If a program costs
$100 billion a year and previous plans called for a 10 percent increase to $110 billion, but that is later changed to a 7 percent increase, in Washington Weaselspeak that’s called a cut. How can that be? Simple: The budget was supposed to go to $110 billion. Now it is changed to $107 million.That’s a cut of $3 billion. Get it?
If you understand that, you should understand much of the budget discussions that go on in the nation’s capital. When the Democrats say the Republicans are cutting Medicare (or just about anything else) a close look will reveal that Weaselspeak is being spoken. In fact, the Republicans are just slowing the growth in spending and, as they proudly claim, “saving Medicare.”The budget savings are like those you realize when you buy something you don’t need that’s on sale.
Tlies Are Credits
hat is not the only way that Weaselspeak differs from En glish. Consider the term refundable tax credit. Ordinarily, a tax credit, as you might guess, is a credit toward taxes due. For example, the Republican plan would provide taxpayers a $500 tax credit for each child. So if the IRS would have taken, say, $3,000 from a taxpayer with two children, the tax credit would reduce the bill to $2,000. Simple, right? So what about a refundable tax credit? It should mean that a citizen has some of his tax money refunded. Except that a citizen who doesn’t have enough income and pay enough (or any) taxes to take advantage of the credit is given money di-
rectly from the U.S. Treasury. It’s neither a refund nor a tax credit. It’s a subsidy from the taxpayers. That’s how Washington Weaselspeak works.
The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) is a good example of a refundable tax credit. If the head of a family has income below what the government calls the “poverty level” (an utterly dubious concept), the family gets a cash subsidy. As income rises, the subsidy declines. At a certain point, the earner stops getting a subsidy and begins paying taxes. You and I would never think to call an outright cash grant a credit for taxes not paid. But that’s how it works in Washington.The EITC called a program to offset the Social Security payroll tax for low-income workers. But in that case, it merely delays the subsidy. Those workers will get the same Social Security benefits on retirement that they would have gotten without the tax offset.
The illogic surrounding EITC is so bad that anyone who proposes to cut or abolish it will be accused of favoring a tax increase on the working poor! In other words, to end a cash subsidy from the taxpayers is to raise taxes—bizarre. (If we really want to relieve workers of a harsh tax burden, Washington should abolish the Social Security tax altogether and let people save for their own retirement.)
You may notice that the EITC works like a negative income tax. The word negative is classic Washington Weaselspeak. Only in Washington can you hear the term “negative growth” as in, “The economy will experience negative growth this year.” If a subsidy is really a negative tax, it follows that a tax is just a negative subsidy. When April 15 rolls around next year, I will assuage my resentment by thinking that I’m not really paying taxes at all—I’m actually getting a negative subsidy. I’m sure I’ll feel better.
I noticed another example of Weaselspeak recently. The Republicans are accused of cutting programs for the “poor” so that they can reduce taxes on the rich. Critics say the Republicans really want to redistribute money from the poor to the rich. Would cutting programs for the poor and taxes for the rich be a redistribution of wealth? Those
...they don’t speak English in Washington. They speak Weasel.
programs subsidize the poor with money taken from the taxpayers, including the rich.That’s a redistribution! So how can it be a redistribution to let the rich keep their money instead of handing it over to the poor?To believe that, you would have to believe that the poor have first claim to that money and that the creators ofwealth have no claim. But that cannot be, for that would mean that the poor own the rich. That’s slavery and is contrary to natural law as well as the U.S. Constitution.
While were on the subject of redistribution, let’s acknowledge how imprecise that word is. A redistribution implies a prior distribution. But in a market economy, income is not distributed; it is received through voluntary transactions. The idea of distribution implies the existence of a common income pot from which individual shares are ladled out. Even in a mixed economy that’s not how the lion’s share of income is obtained. For most people (excluding all those on the various doles), income is a function of supply and demand. Other people buy their labor services or products. The price of those things and thus the income of the sellers depend on the subjective valuation of the buyers. Income is not distributed—until the government gets its grubby hands on it.
IfThere s no Crisis. Invent One!
The recent spike in gasoline prices provided more examples of Washington Weaselspeak. On the NewsHour with Jim Lehrer, Democratic Sen. Byron Dorgan of North Dakota called the price increase a “crisis.*’ Republican Sen. Trent Lott of Mississippi, sitting at his side, did not disagree. He joined Dorgan in calling for a Justice Department investigation into why prices had risen.
Note the word “crisis.” In English a crisis is a dangerous situation requiring immediate action. In Washington Weaselspeak the word has a far different meaning. Consider the context: by May of 1996 the price of gasoline had gone up 20 cents in 1996 and was averaging about $1.27 a gallon. Nevertheless, after adjusting for inflation, gasoline was still cheaper than it had been for most of the century. A long motor trip might be several bucks more expensive because of the higher price.
Is that a crisis? Not in English it isn’t. But in Weaselspeak it is. In Weaselspeak “crisis” is what a politician calls something when he needs an excuse to interfere with people’s peaceful activities. It is a situation that in his view only government can address through its coercive powers.
By definition, it is also a situation that the government is not responsible for. You will never hear
reasons there are for the rise in gasoline prices—the hard winter, which diverted oil to heating fuel; environmental regulations; uncertainty over Iraq’s ability to sell its crude; new demand for oil from the developing countries—the politicians are sure that it is all an oil industry conspiracy. The Weaselspeak definition of “crisis” dictates that.
When Republicans weighed in by calling for repeal of President Clinton’s 1993 4.3-cent-a-gallon gas tax, more Weaselspeak was spewed about. The Republicans were right to call for repeal, though they were too late and too moderate. (Why not repeal the whole gas tax?) Their repeal effort should not have been linked to the price increase. That just made them look like price manipulators. It also let the Democrats mock them by demanding a guarantee that the 4.3 cents would go to consumers.
The Democrats’ reaction to the repeal proposal was classic Washington Weaselspeak. They asked how the Republicans would pay for the $30 billion tax cut.
thief decided not to steal one night. Wouldn’t it be silly for his wife to ask, “How are you going to pay for your decision not to steal?”
When a politician asks how a tax cut will be paid for, he is really asking how his pet government programs will be paid for if the taxpayers are not looted as much as before. Tax cuts do have a cost—to the government. It’s out that
amount of money. So if it wants to continue financing programs, it has to find the money elsewhere. But let’s be clear: tax cuts don’t have a price tag; government programs do.
If we could recast the tax-cut discussion from Weaselspeak to English, the debate could be dramatically different. Instead of wondering how tax cuts would be paid for, we’d be discussing how government boondoggles would be paid for. And once that discussion is opened, it’s short step to asking if those boon-doggles should be paid for at all.
Republican Majority Leader Rep. Dick Armey suggested cutting money from the federal education budget to reduce the government’s need for revenue. That provided another good example of Washington Weaselspeak. Sen. Dorgan accused Armey of wanting to cut “education.” That’s a dumb idea, Dorgan said, because education is an investment in our future.
Note the subtleties of Washington Weaselspeak. Cutting a part of the federal budget labeled “education” equates to cutting money for actual education. When you think in Weaselspeak, no consideration can be given to the possibility that the budget not only fails to advance education but in fact stands in the way of it. Cutting the budget actually would be pro-education. But there is no equivalent of those words in Washington Weaselspeak.
the President say, “In light of the current crisis, I have ordered the Justice Department to investigate how the government has screwed things up.”
That combination of ________________
words does not exist in Washington Weaselspeak.
It doesn’t matter how many obvious
Income is not distributed—until the government gets its grubby hands on it.
Paving For Nothing
nytime someone calls for a tax
cut, the tax lovers demand to JL JL.know how it is going to be paid for. That question could only be phrased in Washington Weaselspeak. Think about it: the government takes money from the people. If a tax is cut, the government stops taking so much from the people. What’s to pay for?Tax cuts don’t cost anything! Imagine if a professional
Tell 'em Anything, But Say Nothing
jK Tashington Weaselspeak is %/ %/ the only language based on ▼ ▼ the ideas that “reality is negotiable” (according to buttons worn by Capitol Hill budget staffers a few years ago) and that manipulating words has the effect of manipulating real things. So, if a congressman votes for a bill titled “The Education Improvement Act,” he
The RESISTER
can tell his constituents that he voted to improve education, regardless of what the bill actually does. In other words, in Washington Weaselspeak “The Education Improvement Act” translates to “The Let Us Pretend that We Improved Education Act (Ha Ha).” Once you get the hang of this Weaselspeak, Washington becomes easy to understand.
Someone once suggested that we’d be better off if congressional bills were titles only. Then members of Congress could vote for the Education Improvement Act, the Crime Prevention Act, the Economic Revitalization Act, the Poverty Eradication Act, the Creation of Heaven on Earth Act—and not do any harm to the country. It’s not a bad idea. You can see this point in the recent discussion about raising the minimum wage. It is well established that when government sets a minimum wage it hurts the least employable people. If the wage is higher than the market would set for those people, they will not find jobs. They may even lose jobs they now hold. (If the wage is set at or below the market level, the law is superfluous.)
When a few of the^ more enlightened members of Congress pointed that out, the defenders of the increase could only say, “But we haven’t raised the minimum wage in many years. People who work should be able to earn a living wage.”
Translated from Weaselspeak, that means: “Don’t bother me with inconvenient facts. I want to be able to say I did something nice for the working poor, and I need the support of organized labor.” If a minimum wage supporter is pressed on the harm that is done to the poor, he’ll say,“Raising the minimum wage won’t necessarily have significant negative effects.”Translated, that means: “I don’t have to worry. Those who lose jobs or can’t find them won’t realize that the minimum wage and I are to blame.”
A final bit of Weaselspeak: The Internal Revenue Service is always bragging that the income tax is based on “voluntary compliance.” You might wonder, then, why there are penalties
for failure to file and to pay. That’s because “voluntary compliance” is Weaselspeak, not English. When a mugger demands your wallet at gunpoint, he expects you to reach into your pocket and hand it over. That’s voluntary compliance. Involuntary compliance would mean the mugger reaches into your pocket and takes the wallet himself.
The same goes with the IRS. Since you are expected to furnish to the government (possibly incriminating) information about your tax liability, it is called voluntary compliance. That you are threatened with fines and prison if you don’t comply is irrelevant. Involuntary compliance would be the IRS I telling you how much you owe without your cooperation. As Rep. Charles Rangel of New York, a Democratic member of the House Ways and Means Committee, has said, “What makes a voluntary system work is the fear of sanctions and penal-
L«__*»
ties.
As you can see, what you and I mean by voluntary compliance is not what the IRS means.The use of Weaselspeak may sew cynicism and disrespect for legitimate law, but that doesn’t deter the politicians and bureaucrats from persisting in its use.
In 1946 George Orwell wrote a famous essay, “Politics and the English Language,” that diagnosed the phenomenon I call Washington Weaselspeak. As he wrote;
The great enemy of clear language is insincerity. When there is a gap between one’s real and one’s declared aims, one turns as it were instinctively to long words and exhausted idioms, like a cuttlefish squirting out ink... But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought. A bad usage can spread by tradition and imitation, even among people who can and should know better... One cannot change this all in a moment, but one can at least change one’s own habits, and from time to time one can even, if one jeers loudly enough, send some worn-out and useless phrase... into the dustbin where it belong.
As Rep. Charles Rangel of New York, a Democratic member of the House Ways and Means Committee, has said, “What makes a voluntary system work is the fear of sanctions and penalties.”
Other perceptive observers, such as Mark Twain and H. L. Mencken, have grasped Orwell’s insight. Americans have always implicitly grasped it; that’s why ridiculing politicians is a national pastime.
When you come right down to it, Weaselspeak is a testament to the low regard in which political leaders hold the citizenry. They may praise the people for their good sense. But when you see them systematically lie in their campaigns and their speeches, it all rings hollow.
They just don’t think we’re terribly smart.
The RESISTER
WHAT IS “POLITICAL CORRECTNESS”?
by
William S. Lind
Why did it happen?
Most Americans look back on the 1950s as a good time. Our homes and streets were safe, to the point where many people did not bother locking their doors. Public schools were generally excellent, and the problems in them were things like talking in class and running in the halls. M ost men treated women like ladies, and most ladies devoted their time and effort to making good homes, rearing their children well and helping their communities through volunteer work. Children grew up in two-parent households, and the mother was there to meet the child when he came home from school. Entertainment was something the whole family could enjoy.
What happened?
If a man from America of the 1950s were suddenly introduced into J America in the 1990s, he would hardly recognize it as the same country. He would be in immediate danger of getting mugged, caijacked or worse, because he would not have learned to live in constant fear. He would not know that he shouldn’t go into certain parts of the city, that his car must be not only locked but equipped with an alarm, that he dare not go to sleep at night without locking the windows and bolting the doors-and setting the electronic security system.
If he brought his family with him,
Mr. William S. Lind currently serves as Director of the Center for Cultural Conservatism of the Free Congress Foundation. He also hosts the television program “Next Revolution" on the “Americas Voice" network.
he and his wife would probably cheerfully pack their children off to the nearest public school.I When the children came home in the afternoon and told them they had to go through a metal detector to get in the building, had been given some hinny white powder by another kid and had learned that homosexuality is normal and good, the parents would be uncomprehending.
In the office, the man might light up a cigarette, drop a reference to the “little lady,” and say he was happy to see the firm employing some Negroes in important positions. Any of those acts would earn a swift reprimand, and together they might get him fired.
When she went into the city to shop, the wife would put on a nice suit, hat, and possibly gloves. She would not understand why people stared, and mocked.
And when the whole family sat down after dinner and turned on the television, they would not understand how pornography from some sleazy, blank-fronted “Adults Only" kiosk had gotten into their set.
Were they able, our 1950s family would head back to the 1950s as fast as they could, with a gripping horror story to tell. Their story would be of a nation that had decayed and degenerated at a fantastic pace, moving in less than half a century from the greatest country on earth to aThird World nation, overrun by crime, noise, drugs and dirt. The fall of Rome was graceful by comparison.
ver the last forty years, America has been conquered by the same force that earlier took over Russia, China, Germany and Italy. That force is ideology. Here, as elsewhere, ideology has inflicted enormous damage on the traditional culture it came to dominate, fracturing it everywhere and sweeping much of it away. In its place came fear, and ruin. Russia will take a generation or more to recover from Communism, if it ever can.
The ideology that has taken over America goes most commonly by the name of “Political Correctness." Some people see it as a joke. It is not. It is deadly serious. It seeks to alter virtually all the rules, formal and informal, that govern relations among people and institutions. It wants to change behavior, thought, even the words we use. To a significant extent, it already has. Whoever or whatever controls language also controls thought. Who dares to speak of “ladies” now?
Just what is “Political Correctness?” “Political Correctness” is in fact cultural Marxism — Marxism translated from economic into cultural terms. The effort to translate Marxism from economics into culture did not begin with the student rebellion of the 1960s. It goes back at least to the 1 920s and the writings of the Italian Communist Antonio Gramsci. In 1923, in Germany, a group of Marxists founded an institute devoted to making the transition, the Institute of Social Research (later known as the Frankfurt School). One of its founders, George Lukacs, stated its purpose as answering the question, “Who shall save us from Western Civi-lization?”The Frankfurt School gained profound influence in American universities after many of its leading lights fled to the United States in the 1930s to escape National Socialism in Germany.
The Frankfurt School blended Marx with Freud, and later influences (some Fascist as well as Marxist) added linguistics to create “Critical Theory" and “deconstruction."These in turn greatly influenced education theory, and
“Political Correctness” is in fact cultural Marxism — Marxism translated from economic into cultural terms.
through institutions of higher education gave birth to what we now call “ Political Correctness.”The lineage is clear, and it is traceable right back to Karl Marx.
The parallels between cultural Marxism and classical, economic Marxism are also clear. Cultural Marxism, or Political Correctness, shares with classical Marxism the vision of a “classless society,” i.e., a society not merely of equal opportunity, but equal condition. Since that vision contradicts human nature—because people are different, they end up unequal, regardless of the starting point—society will not accord with it unless forced. So, under both variants of Marxism, it is forced. This is the first major parallel between classical and cultural Marxism: both are totalitarian ideologies. The totalitarian nature of Political Correctness is fully visible on campuses where “PC" has taken over the college: freedom of speech, of the press, and even of thought are all eliminated.
The second major parallel is that both classical, economic Marxism and cultural Marxism have single-factor explanations of history. Classical Marxism argues that all of history was determined by ownership of the means of production. Cultural Marxism says that history is wholly explained by which groups—defined by sex, race and sexual normality or abnormality—have power over which other groups.
The third parallel is that both varieties of Marxism declare certain groups virtuous and others evil a priori, that is, without regard for the actual behavior of individuals. Classical Marxism defines workers and peasants as virtuous and the bourgeoisie (the middle class) and other owners of capital as evil. Political Correctness defines blacks, His-panics, Feminist women, homosexuals and some additional minority groups as virtuous and white men as evil. (Political Correctness does not recognize the existence of non-Feminist women, and defines blacks who reject Political Correctness as whites.)
The fourth parallel is in means: expropriation. Economic Marxists, where they obtained power, expropriated the property of the bourgeoisie and handed it to the state, as the “representative” of the workers and the peasants. Cultural Marxists, when they gain power (including through our own government), lay penalties on white men and others
The RESISTER
who disagree with them and give privi-| leges to the groups they favor. Affirma-j tive action is an example.
Finally, both varieties of Marxists employ a method of analysis designed to show the correctness of their ideology in every situation. For classical Marxists, the analysis is economic. For cultural Marxists, the analysis is linguistic: deconstruction. Deconstruction “proves” that any “text,” past or present, illustrates the oppression of blacks, women, homosexuals, etc. by reading that meaning into thel words of the text (regardless of their actual meaning). Both methods are, of course, phony analyses that twist the evidence to fit preordained conclusions, but they lend a “scientific” air to the ideology.
These parallels are neither remarkable nor coincidental. They exist because Political Correctness is directly | derived from classical Marxism, and is I in fact merely a variant of Marxism. Through most of the history of Marxism, cultural Marxists were “read out” of the movement by classical, economic Marxists.Today, with economic Marxism dead, cultural Marxism has filled its shoes.The medium has changed, but the message is the same: a society of radical egalitarianism enforced by the power of the state.
Political Correctness now looms over American society like a colossus. It has taken over both political parties — the last Republican convention was choreographed according to its dictates, while cultural conservatives were shown the door—and is enforced by many laws and government regulations. It almost totally controls the most powerful element in our culture, the entertainment industry. It dominates both public and higher education; many a college campus is a small, ivy-covered North Korea. It has even captured the higher clergy in many Christian churches. Anyone in the Establishment who departs from its dictates swiftly ceases to be a member of the Establishment.
The remainder of this series of essays will explore the subject of Political Correctness further: its history, its method of analysis (deconstruction),
and the means by which it has attained its influence, especially through education.
But one more question must be addressed at the outset, the most vital question: how can Americans combat Political Correctness and retake their society from the cultural Marxists?
To that end, it is not sufficient to criticize Political Correctness. It tolerates a certain amount of criticism, even gentle mocking. It does so through no genuine tolerance for other points of ^view, but in order to disarm its opponents, to let itself seem less menacing than it is. The cultural Marxists do not yet have total power, and they are too wise to appear totalitarian until their victory is assured.
Rather, those who would defeat cultural Marxism must defy it. They must use words it forbids, and refuse to use the words it mandates; remember, sex is better than gender. They must shout from the housetops the realities it seeks to suppress, such as the facts that violent crime is disproportionately committed by blacks and that most cases of AIDS are voluntary, i.e., acquired from immoral sexual acts. They must refuse to turn their children over to the public schools.
Above all, those who would defy Political Correctness must behave according to the old rules of our culture, not the new rules the cultural Marxists lay down. Ladies should be wives and homemakers, not cops or soldiers, and men should still hold doors open for ladies. Children should not be born out of wedlock. Open homosexuals should be shunned. Jurors should not accept race as an excuse for murder.
Defiance spreads. When other Americans see one person defy Political Correctness and survive — and you still can, for now — they are emboldened. They are tempted to defy it, too, and some do. The ripples from a single act of defiance, of one instance of walking up to the clay idol and breaking off its nose, can range far. There is nothing the Politically Correct fear more than open defiance, and for good reason; it is their chief vulnerability. That should lead cultural conservatives
Above all, those who would defy Political Correctness must behave according to the old rules of our culture, not the new rules the cultural Marxists lay down.
to defy it at every turn.
While the hour is late, the battle is I
not decided. Very few Americans realize that Political Correctness is in fact Marxism in a different set of clothes. As that realization spreads, defiance will spread with it. At present, Political Correctness prospers by disguising itself. Through defiance, and through education on our own part (which should be part of every act of defiance), we can strip away its camouflage and reveal the Marxism beneath the win-1 dow-dressing of “sensitivity,” “tolerance,” and “multiculturalism.”
Who dares, wins.
William Sturgis Lind is a native of Cleveland, Ohio, born 9 July 1947. He graduated magna cum laude. Phi Beta Kappa from Dartmouth College in 1969 and received a Masters Degree in History from Princeton University in 1971. He worked as a legislative aid for armed services for Senator Robert Taft, Jr., of Ohio from 1973 through
1976	and held a similar position with Senator Gary Hart of Colorado from
1977	through 1986.
Mr. Lind is author of the Maneuver Warfare Handbook (Westview Press, 1985); co-author, with Gary Hart, of America Can Win:The Casefor Military Reform (Adler & Adler, 1986); and coauthor, with William H. Marshner, of Cultural Conservatism: Toward a New National Agenda (Free Congress Foundation, 1987). He has written extensively for both popular media, including The Washington Post, The New York Times, and Harpers, and professional military journals, including The Marine Corps Gazette, U.S. Naval Institute Proceedings and Military Review.
THE NEW TOTALITARIANS
Bosnia as a Mirror of America’s Future
Praise For This Book
In the cesspool of inverse morality that defines the New Totalitarians, the most debased and degenerate of the counterculture elite sank straight to the bottom and became its leaders, and eventually our government.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA,Ret.) Editor, The Resister
[The book] builds a convincing hypothesis that the Clintons and their Boomer elitists... will destroy the institutions and traditions on which America was founded....
ADM Thomas H. Moorer (USN, Ret.)
Former Chairman, JCS
This important book clearly illustrates how the politically correct are transforming Marxism from economics into culture... when multiculturalism fails, as it always will, the result will be ‘bayonets.’
William Lind, Host “Next Revolution,” NET-TV
by
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson
This book reveals how Bill Clinton and his ‘New Totalitarians’ are destroying America’s trusted institutions, including the nation’s military. Unless turned back, we will witness the collapse of our nation and with it our American Civilization.The New Totalitarians reveals:
The true reason Clinton committed troops to Bosnia
The parallels between Yugoslavia and America
Who these‘New Totalitarians’ really are
The ‘NewTotalitarians” agitprop agenda
How they are destroying tSe U.S. military from within
$20.00 RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
^^^^^^^^^CaslMnone^)rdeM>i^heck^Allov|^^veeksJordeliver£)^^^^^^^^
LEGAL TERRORISM
by
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
With the growth of the more violent incidents of terrorism throughout the world, little attention has been paid to a more insidious form of activity which Dr. Huck defines as “Legal Terrorism.” Dr. Huck defines legal terrorism as a form of political warfare... designed to ruin a target’s life... via the courts by filing politically motivated civil suits against [patriots]. The primary practitioner of legal terrorism has been the Christie Institute... a ‘liberal’ church-funded tax exempt group.
For anybody who dreams of the day when Communists twist in the wind... this book is a necessary reference.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA, Ret.)
Editor, The Resister
The Christie Institute’s brand of legal terrorism will continue until Congress corrects the current flaws in RICO.
Robert K. Dornan
$7.00 (softcover) $14.00 (hardcover)
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery.)
Vol. IV, No. 3
69
The RESISTER

From Trust to Terror
Radical Feminism is Destroying the U.S. Navy
by
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson



$15.00 to:
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
Praise for “From Trust to Terror”
No matter how inane, or destructive to the military ‘liberal’ and feminist social engineering fads are, the Starred Cowards will compel their implementation and punish those who dare speak out against the destruction.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA, Ret.)
Editor, The Resister
In his latest book, Dr. Atkinson presents irrefutable evidence that‘politically correct’ policies imposed upon naval aviation... have enforced double standards while making a mockery of the truth.... This is a blockbuster of a book and a ‘must read’ for patriotic Americans.
RADM C.A. Mark’ Hill,Jr. (USN, Ret.)
Former carrier commanding officer and Asst. Chief of Naval Operations for Manpower
CDR Atkinson discloses the U.S. military’s biggest secret, the Stalinist atmosphere in which America’s fighting men must now work and suffer, forbidden to say what they know is the truth: that women have no legitimate place on a battlefield or a warship.
William S. Lind, Host
‘Next Revolution’ on NET-TV and former staffer to Senators Gary
Hart and Robert A. Taft,Jr.
WOMEN in the MILITARY
Flirting With Disaster
by
Brian Mitchell
Finally, the real—and devastating—story of the disastrous impact women have on U.S. military readiness!
Captain Brian Mitchell reveals what top military leaders are afraid to admit. America’s effort to integrate women into the U.S. armed forces has seriously jeopardized our national security. Read firsthand
The fei
Storm
eminization of the military—a failure from West Point to Desert
BRIAN MITCHELL
$20.00
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
The true and horrifying story of women in Operation Desert Storm “Sensitivity training” for drill sergeants turns boot camp into day care Service academy honor codes corrupted—to protect co-education Senior officers forced to lie—or retire—to keep the truth buried
Please send me_____copies of Women in the Military.
Name
Address
City/State/Zip
70
Vol. IV. No. 3
American Renaissance
Who has made race a problem, and why? What are the real consequences of demands for “tolerance,” “diversity” and “inclusiveness”?
American Renaissance is where some of America’s most thoughtful writers publish what they really think about:
•	Research on racial differences
•	The impact of immigration
•	The demographic future
•	Why “multi-culturalism” is a fraud
•	Race and crime
For a free sample issue, call or write: American Renaissance
PO Box 527 Oakton, VA 22124 (703)716-0900
Kevin
L.
Jamison
Attorney at Law
RESISTER Distributors	
Many of The Resisters readers, for one reason or another, don’t like being	
“on a list.”The individuals and businesses listed below are regular distributors	
who may have copies of sold-out back issues, or who may serve as convenient points of purchase for current issues.	
The Silent .45	Michael Paul; McClinton
PO Box 4588	general delivery
Santa Rosa, CA 95402	Girard Post Office
(www.silent45.com)	Girard, Pennsylvania [16417]
Bohica Concepts	Michael Galatin
PO Box 546	407 Avenue H.
Randele,WA 98377	South Huston,TX 77587
Paladin Arms	C.l. Soft
320 Main Street	PO Box 6749
Longmont, CO 89501 BHN Enterprises	Ocala, FL 34478-6749 (www.gate.net/~rmpl)
1347 Worstead Dr.	Paul Fromm
Fayetteville, NC 28314	Box 332 Rexdale
Wildman’s	Ontario, M9W 5L3
2879 South Main St. Kennesaw, GA 30144	Canada
The right of free speech. The right to remain silent. Don’t get them confused! Remain silent and call:
Kevin L. Jamison 5440 N. Oak Kansas City, MO |L 64118
(816) 455-2669 voice I (816)455-6011 fax
Criminal Law Teacher Special Forces Veteran
Weapons & Firearms Law Criminal Defense Immigration Law

The Silent .45
Patriot Books, Videos & Magazines at SUPER DISCOUNT PRICES!
Back issues of The Resister - Discounted! Waco: Rules of Engagement - Discounted! Unintended Consequences - Discounted! Unintended Consequences Poster - 30% Off! 19 Patriot videos - Discounted! (Not pirate copies)
Credit Card orders accepted - (707) 523-1434 Monday-Friday 10AM-2PM
Check out our Website: http://www.silent45.com
Request your free catalog from: The Silent .45 P.O. Box 4588, Santa Rosa, CA 95402
Idaho 0k
server
Demanding Accountability
The editors, writers, supporters and contributors who make The Idaho Observer possible are all deeply concerned for the future of our country. America is in trouble because the people of tins nation trusted their elected officials to protect their Jnterests and then took a nap while those same officials abused that trust. Unless we as a free people wake up and take responsibUity for preserving our Constitutional rights we will inevitably lose them.
Unlike the dominant media, which chooses to report the news through special interest filters to guarantee our progressive and collective slide into socialistic slavery, The Idaho Observer reports news with the understanding that a truly free press is the onty thing which stands between Americans and tyranny.
For a copy of The Idaho Observer, call (208)777-7888, or write: PO Box 1806, Post Falls, ID 83877 ($1 for postage appreciated but not required)
Email: observer@dml.net MtpdAmw.prollberty.com/observer
No Quarter
RESISTER
RADIO
' °n ‘
Radio 1230 - The Fort (WFAI1230 AM)
Wednesdays 1800 -1900 R
Colonial Radio Group, Inc. 346 Wagoner Dr., Ste. 105 Fayetteville, NC 28303
The RESISTER
ADVERTISEMENT
“FAVORED RACES”
An excerpt from the aEugenic Manifesto
For a free copy of the “Eugenic Manifesto, ” from which the below is an excerpt, please write to: P.O. Box 72, New Concord, KT42076
The subtitle of Darwin’s Origin of Species is “On the origin of species by means of natural selection or the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life”* The human race has evolved to its present state of intelligence and power because of “the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life.”* “Race”* is the central mechanism of evolution that has created all living things. “The preservation of favored races”* is a simple process to understand, but its effects over time are awesome. If we examine the process, we find that at some stage in evolution we can observe a group of individuals of a single species which exist in an area segregated from other members of that same species. As a result of chance mutation, there occur genetic variations in some members of that segregated group. As the generations continue to reproduce, these genetic variations accumulate in the progeny of that segregated group. At first, the accumulated genetic variations do not make the segregated group different enough from the original species to justify calling the segregated group a new species or even a new “favored race”* of the original species. However, after many generations, the segregated group or tribe which had accumulated sufficient genetic differences would be called a new “race”* of the original species. Over time, these newly developed segregated races continue to accumulate genetic differences through chance mutation, variation, etc. The “favored”* variations increase the survivability of the “race”* which carries them.
Once this new “favored race”* has become different enough from the original species, it is called a new species. Hence the subtirle, “On the origin of species by means of natural selection or the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life.”* There is really no probability that the “races”* would be equal. In fact, the whole notion runs directly counter to all evolutionary theory and to the whole science of biology.
Given the laws of biology, it would be a great surprise if the average strength or intelligence of one “race”* was found to be exactly equal to the average strength or intelligence of a different “race.”* Despite the controversy surrounding “race,”* it is not particularly useful to know which “race”* happens, as the result of an accident of evolutionary development, to have greater average strength or greater average intelligence because one could not predict from this average that any particular individual member of one “race,” was going to be superior or inferior to any particular individual member of a different “race.”* There are superior and inferior, strong and weak, intelligent and unintelligent individuals in all “races.”* Regardless of “racial”* averages, one would still have to judge each individual on the basis of individual merit without reference to the average of the group to which he happened to belong. Only’ by judging people as individuals, could we avoid injustice and enable all people to make the maximum contribution to society. There is no such thing as a superior “race”* per se, in the sense that every member of one “race”* is superior to every member of another

“race.”* Neither is there such a thing as “racial”* equality in the sense that the average strength or intelligence of one “race”* is equal to the average strength or intelligence of every other “race.”* By judging people as individuals, one could perhaps identify a (superior) sociobiological class which might be a cross section of all “races”* although probably not in equal proportion. The only way you could have a [superior race] would be if a “favored race”* evolved into and became the next more highly evolved species above homosapiens, in which case it would become a superior species. Eugenics is a moral commitment not a racial affiliation and any “race”* that adopted a eugenic program could, given sufficient time, evolve into and become the next more highly evolved species above homo-sapiens. It is our hope that all “races”* will accept that moral responsibility and accomplish that objective, but it can not be accomplished within the political, philosophical and religious milieu of the 20th century.
*Origin Of Species, Chari.es Darwin
For a free copy of the “Eugenic Manifesto,” from which the above is an excerpt, please write to: P.O. Box 72, New Concord, KY 42076
...Idrew the tides of men into my hands, And wrote my will across the sky in stars. T.E. Lawrence
Books
If we advert to the nature of republican government, we shall find that the censorial power is in the people over the government, and not in the government over the people.
James Madison, 1794
OUR ROYALTY
SFC Steven M.Barry,USA (Ret.)
The Satori and the New Mandarins. Dr. Adrian H. Krieg. Hallberg Publishing Corporation, PO Box 23985,Tampa, Florida, 33623. ISBN 0-87319-044-4. Trade paper, 341 pages, index. S14.95.
Planned Opportunism
Open any newspaper, or news magazine (I can only speak to television news from memory because I will not watch television) and the same rhemes emerge, repeated over and over like a drumbeat artillery barrage. Just as an artillery barrage will employ many different types of guns to reduce a single target, the many different propaganda themes also have a specific target — your mind. And just as a barrage requires a fire control officer to coordinate the fires of different batteries, so do the propaganda themes you're daily subjected to require coordination. These themes, in case you hadn’t noticed, are almost exclusively emotive. You’re not expected to read any given article, merely glance at it and react to it. You’re not expected to think about the ideas espoused in the article, merely feel if they’re right or wrong. Even if you disagree, you’re expected to feel disagreement. You’re not, however, expected to articulate, in principle, why you disagree. Disagreement, you see, “creates an atmosphere" of “divi-siveness."Television “news" in particular is designed to invoke emotive reactions through almost strobe-like flashing of visual images (the barrage) adjusted for effect by the well rehearsed facial expressions of talking head pundits burping five seconds at-a-time staccato-like bromides throughout your 30 second attention span.
As I first began researching the
...you cant help but glimpse, however
causes and origins of Americas destruction, my initial focus was on the evil ideologies that most people today take for granted. Collectivism, statism, altruism — these are easy concepts to identify. The propo-	|
nents of those evil ideologies are also easy to identify. Not so easy to identify is the move-
mentofthoseconcepts fleetingly in the deep between disparate in- #	°	y	1
stitutions in American intellectual SllSl(iOWS>
culture, and tracing | guiding “hand,” 3 their evolution and °	°	.
crossbreeding over controlling “voice, a
generation,. The in- gubtle “moVement” — sidious influence ot those ideas over time	a
has been in the way ^ they are presented as perfectly reasonable solutions to “antisocial” individualism, liberty, and self-interest.
When I began my researches 1 discounted the idea of a “conspiracy” to deprive us of our lives, liberty and property. I approached my researches from the point of view that evil ideas feed off each other and breed opportunists who simply take advantage of the consequences of a previously accepted evil idea to spread their own. If proponents of an evil idea, say, globalism, congregate in one place, say, the Council on Foreign Relations, that’s only because people will be attracted to associate (or be invited to associate) with those who
think as they do which provides fertile soil in which to cultivate their own evil. That makes them easier to identify, and their activities easier to trace. But that hardly constitutes a conspiracy—which is a combination for criminal purpose — because they (and others like them) state very plainly what their purpose is; destroy America. In most respects, I still hold my original view — insofar as identifiable groups with a stated agenda are concerned.
And yet, in many instances, as you observe the workings of those myriad organizations historically and contemporaneously with respect to “the popular delusions of crowds,” you can’t help
________________ but	glimpse, however
fleetingly in the deep intellectual shadows, a guiding “hand,” a con-trolling “voice,” a subtle “movement”— a will.
In May 1993, the Joint Chiefs of Staff issued Memorandum of Policy No. 30 that, in part, expanded “information warfare" to include psychological operations designed to influence the “emotions, motives, objective reasoning, and ultimately the behavior” of others.' In late 1993 (note the close timing) appeared the book War and Anti-War by 1960s Marxists, Alvin and Heidi Toffler. Expanding their Third Wave drivel into military affairs following Bush’s War, the Tofflers, who have no military background, but true to their Marxist mystic-materialism roots, declared that information is a thing and that technology based “knowledge strat-egy,” will be the key to victory in “third wave warfare.” Now, soldiers in general, and Generals in particular, are materialists at heart. After all, “stuff” does make war go, and this isn’t the first
time a materialistic “revolution in mili-| tary affairs” has fevered the minds of doctrine writers. (Airplanes, tanks, and nuclear weapons were all predicted to “make war obsolete.”) Within weeks of War and Anti-War appearing, the professional military journals were parroting“lnformation Warfare” as the panacea for all the military’s doctrinal ills, the computer as the weapon of the future, and information (spoken of as a thing) as a “strategic asset” requiring centralized control and manipulation.
Not long thereafter began public “concerns” about Internet pornography. FBI “concerns” about strong private encryption, ADL “concerns” that “extremists” had access to e-mail and Usenet, and United Nations proposals to establish a worldwide network of “Information Intervention” jamming stations to jam “inflammatory speech” and broadcast instead “messages of tolerance.”2 Books that contradict “New Truth" are disappearing from library shelves, and publishers refuse to print books that self-appointed censors disapprove of. The lexicon is under direct assault by aggrieved minorities. Meanwhile, the Telescreen increasingly becomes the chosen medium of spreading cultural Marxism and relativism, degenerate personal behavior as “alternate life styles,” random dialogue as “humor,” and demands for more children’s programming” extolling the virtues of— that’s right—“tolerance.” Although here only means of communication are illustrated, everything dependent upon means of communication are similarly infected.
On a mundane level much of this is merely opportunism, nihilists feeding off the successes of their predecessors. Yet, none of this “just happened.” Evil ideas don’t spontaneously arise. They are set in motion to run their course. If they begin to falter,“change agents” step in to give them a push and keep them moving; books extolling their “virtues” suddenly appear to lend them credence; talk shows are suddenly buzzing with “experts” who ridicule opposition and assure us that the change was “inevitable" and therefore resistance is reactionary and some form of mental illness; newspapers and magazines relentlessly push the idea through selection of stories ( and sources); and “national leaders" press for legislation demanding an end to “gridlock” and “time for action” while “grassroots or-
\The RESISTER
ganizations” demand an end to this or progress for that.
Systematically, methodically, relentlessly, “grassroots” pressure from below for “change” and “legislative” pressure from above for “reform" unleash the evil idea. Even if it’s watered down, if a “compromise” is reached, the unyielding demand for ——„J further “reform” be-1 gins anew. Yet, you can’t help wonder if the compromise (which impels further “below” and “above” pressure) wasn’t the intended outcome in the first place. M ultiply a single legislative “reform” by the number of ripples it bounces off society
—	some canceling each other, others magnifying each other
—	by the sheer number of “reforms” demanded in any given legislative session that eventually touches some facet of your life, no matter how indirectly. Then ask yourself why some faceless grocery clerk is always demanding to see your papers.
The Hidden Organizers
Do people really sit around and plot our destruction? Sure they do. Take for example the Environmental Grantmaker’s Association. The officers of several interlocking (Rockefeller funded) foundations assemble annually to study opponents of the federal government’s Western land grab and recommend policies to the Bureau of Land Management about how to discredit property owners and keep them tied up in court until they are bankrupt. Not surprisingly, the Bureau of Land Management is beginning to arm themselves to the teeth in the face of opposition from property owners to having wolves and Grizzly bears reintroduced into areas where humans had eliminated them in favor of more productive food animals, and amazingly (to the feds), property owners are objecting to having their property confiscated to create a “migration corridor” for buffalo. The plan is to depopulate the entire high plains. Now, it would be somewhat more comforting
if we could believe that the officers of the foundations that make up the Environmental Grantmaker’s Association collectively woke up one morning, yawned, stretched and simultaneously concluded that it was time to depopulate huge tracts of Western land. But that’s not how it happens. Ideas like ___^__ “sustainability” and
“wilding” are thought out well in advance,3 and not by minions like the foundation officers of the Environmental Grantmaker’s Association. That is the point of Dr. Krieg’s book, The Satori and the New Mandarins.
In the introduction Dr. Krieg describes the “Satori” as his “designation for the ruling elite.”The word “has its origins in feu-dalistic Japan and
Multiply a single legislative “reform” by the number of ripples it bounces off society... by the sheer number of “reforms” demanded in any given legislative session.... Then ask yourself why some faceless grocery clerk is always demanding means ‘the hidden or-to see your papers,
other hand “were the
people and organizations which attended to day-to-day operations for the Satori” (ibid).
What initially attracted my attention to Dr. Krieg’s The Satori and the New Mandarins was his analysis of George Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel’s triadic dialectic. Unfortunately Dr. Krieg makes the classic error of describing Hegel as a statist. Hegel was neither statist nor a collectivist, and (having read quite a bit of Hegel in my misspent youth) he would have strongly disagreed with Marx’s materialistic perversion of his dialectic. Hegel was a constitutional monarchist and a theist. When he spoke of “The State incarnates the divine idea upon earth,” he was contrasting Volk, the nation-state as family, civil society, and their sublation, the state, to Volkgeist, a mind or spirit of a people expressed by Vorstellung, loosely interpreted philosophically as pictorial (i.e., religious) thinking (in this case, national identity). Hegel distinguished between civil society and the state. Civil society was the distinction between “us and them.” He sees this distinction eliminated in what he calls “the state,” in which rulers and ruled are the same, not by external determination, rather
by self-determination — in other words, freedom (although not in the Lockean sense).
Dr. Krieg’s mistake is understandable however, because most popular interpretations of Hegel derive from the random bits his German successor, Karl Marx (who was influenced more by Hegel’s student Ludwig Feuerbach than by Hegel), picked out of the body of Hegel’s work and twisted to his own materialistic purposes; particularly the Hegelian notion that history is a moving force that has an end. Yet, despite his error, and even using a misunderstanding of the Hegelian dialectic,4 Dr. Krieg hit upon an observable fact regarding the steady erosion of our liberties:
First, the desired outcome of the dialectic is generated. Second, two radically opposite concepts are structured and presented to the public. Third, the two opposing radical views are moderated so as to become the Satori outcome, (xvii).
This is the essence of“pressure from below, pressure from above.” No revolutionary change, just calculated, methodical compromising, wplaying the citizenry like marionettes, one against the other, through the vehicles of Class Envy, Racial Strife, Political Separation, Kulturkrieg and Gender Conflict, we are separated and played against each other” (xvii) (Original emphasis]. Dr. Krieg illustrates this process throughout Chapter 1, “Manipulation," using such examples of NAFTA and the attempt to nationalize medical care.
An important theme that runs throughout Dr. Krieg’s work, is that those whom he describes as the Satori are the guiding force behind the United State's maneuvering to become the “New World Order." The bromides about “democracy” and “free markets” that dominate U.S. foreign policy are little more than propaganda and deception to distract public attention away from what are, in the balance, socialist policies. He also describes the manipulation of the American population through incessant Kulturkrieg, which pits growing numbers of Balkanized groups against each other as they jockey for political favor and increasing government handouts through judicial activism.
Environmentalism, according to Dr.
Krieg, is one of the key vehicles of Satori manipulation of legislative regulation of business and industry. He makes the observation that businessmen and industrialists are among the largest contributors of donations to “Green” foundations that disburse funds to groups who then turn around and use the money to attack business and industry. For example, Dwayne Andreas, who through Archer Daniels & Midland contributed $250,000 to underwrite the Gorbachev Foundation’s State of the World Forum in 1995, is also a member of the “Council of the Wise” that includes such eco-illuminaries as George Bush, Ted Turner, Bill Gates, and Allan Cranston.
Dr. Krieg points out that the so called “Free Trade” hyped by the Establishment media andl economic pundits bears no resemblance to free markets described by laissez faire and Austrian School economists. What is shopped to the public as “FreeTrade” is “gov-ernment managed trade, free of import/ export tariffs... it would be more accurate to term NAFTA etc., as State Monopoly Capitalism, the beneficiaries of which are a favored elite” who are deliberately transferring American business and industry overseas while imposing crippling environmental and “safety” regulations on their competitors in the United States. Quoting South Carolina industrialist Roger Milliken:
Middle America is being transformed into an underclass by trade policies that benefit only Wall Street and ignore the well being of small town America. I reject arguments that free trade can create jobs to offset those lose to overseas competition and dismiss suggestions that if an American turns to protectionism it will provoke retaliatory acts by other nations. No one can retaliate, we have the market in which everyone wants to sell. (69)
In other words, foreign markets need us, we don’t need foreign markets. Then why would the Satori, through the offices of their minions, the Mandarins, deliberately push for policies that are specifically designed to destroy American businesses and industry? It’s
really very simple. They hate us. They consider themselves a ruling class beholden to nothing save their “divine right” to rule and have no other aim than to rule us as our “postmodern” feudal aristocracy. To do that, they must reduce us to peasants.
This latter aim is accomplished through the Satori’s “Mandarins”The Mandarins are those who I refer to in these pages as the Establishment apparatchik and their nomenklatura misters (the ruling class, not to be confused with the Royalty — Dr. Krieg’s Satori). The Mandarins are those who belong to or who cooperate in the aims of such organizations as the Council on Foreign Relations, The Order, the Trilateral Commission, and the Bilderbergers. Of the four, the CFR is
the largest,The Order the most secretive, the TC is an outgrowth of CFR composed of its elitists, and the Bilderbergers are globalists from both the United States and Europe who make policy for the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. It is impossible, since 1945, to be elected president of the United States without membership in at least the CFR (preferably, several of these groups), and the CFR has, since 1945, virtually dominated every key cabinet position in the federal government and for practical purposes every major media source. While CFR Chairman of the Board, Peter G. Peterson, grudgingly admits that the CFR was an organization of the “New York liberal elite,” he emphasizes that CFR now reaches “well beyond New York to Washington and the country" as a non-ideological think tank.' In other words, they’re now controlling both sides of every issue. Remember folks, bipartisan means single party rule, and “non-ideological” means of one mind.
According to Dr. Krieg’s sources, the minutes of the first meeting of the Bilderbergers in May 1954 established their purpose “...To evolve an international order which will look beyond the present day crisis, when time is ripe for our present concepts of world affairs to be extended to the whole world.” (218) [Emphasis added.] (The “present cri-
They hate us. They consider themselves a ruling class beholden to nothing save their “divine right” to rule...
sis” referred to was containment of communism.) The Trilateral Commission, founded in July 1972, contains in its founding charter a commitment to, “CloseTrilateral cooperation... in man-aging the world economy [!]... and peaceful evolution of the Global System." (203)
Closing
f | lie Satori and the New Man da rins contains several insightful JL connections between the activities of our self anointed nomenklatura and the disintegration of American society in general and American sovereignty in particular. Despite his popular ( and incorrect) analysis of Hegelian philosophy, he did hit upon the correct (in my opinion) assessment that the results of legislation attained through “pressure from below, pressure from above” are known in advance, and those who push such legislation — through either blackmail or extortion — have already prepared the ground to take advantage of the inevitable compromise.
Dr. Krieg reluctantly admits that a comprehensive listing of just who the “Satori” (let’s call them our Central Committee) are would be mere guesswork, although he does include an acceptably comprehensive listing of the “Mandarins” (our nomenklatura). But Dr. Krieg does provide us with clue to their identity:
The real truth of the matter is, as you and 1 know, that a financial element in the large centers has owned the government of the U.S. since the days of Andrew Jackson.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt 23 November 1931 letter to “Colonel" Edward Mandel House
In all, The Satori and the New Mandarins is worth the price for its comprehensive treatment of the interlocking activities of the “Mandarins” and the fresh insight Dr. Krieg brings to a difficult and often maligned subject.
NOTES:
1	Alvin	and Heidi Toffler, War and
Anti-War, (Warner Books, New York, 1993). Page 165.
Jamie F. Metzel, “Information Intervention,” Foreign Affairs, November/ December 1997, page 15ff. i	In the case of “wilding" the West
The RESISTER
and pushing landowners off their property, think back to 1958 and Laurence Rockefeller’s “concern” for “outdoor recreation.” Yes, “they" think that far ahead, and they always start with something “perfectly reasonable” that bears no apparent relation to the Goal.
The Hegalian triadic dialectic proceeds as follows. One starts with an initial proposition (thesis) which generally proves inadequate and produces its opposite (antithesis). This also proves inadequate and the opposites produce a synthesis.This latter is called by Hegel/fu/fc^un^sublation) of the thesis and synthesis. In other words, what is rational in the thesis and synthesis is retained, and the irrational is rejected. This process may be repeated ad infinitum. A quick example: There is an abstract right (thesis) which is stoic and legalistic but has no reference to the individual s conscience, and morality (antithesis) which is referenced solely by the individuals conscience and is therefore purely subjective as it fails to recognize that the right thing is also the rational thing. These are sublated as ethics (synthesis), the concept of right as entertained by society, which is not abstract, but is binding on all within society (which morality is not).
Council on Foreign Relations, 1997 Annual Report, page 6.
Have You Ever Wondered About...
Why the Government bailed out Mexico?
Why you can't seem to find an American-made product in die store?
Why America's Middle East policy makes no sense?
Why die Government institutes more gun laws? Who are the stockholders of the Federal Reserve? Why congress approved die NAFTA agreement without one single congressman having read it? Who really controls the American Government? What organization completely dominates our State Department?
What is the relationship between the CFR, TC Bilderbergers and Bones?
How the EC and NAFTA are the same tiling?
Only by reading:
The Satori And The
New Mandarins will you learn the answers to these and many other questions. As Ezra Pound said “Until you know who has lent what to whom, you know nothing whatever of politics .. or history.”
ISBN #0-87319-044-4 342 pages - $14.95
List price, $14.95 at all bookstores or $16.95 postpaid from the publisher, HALLBERG PUBLISHING CORPORATION, P.O. Box 23985, Tampa, Florida 33623 For additional information call 800-633-7627 or Fax 800-253-7323.
The RESISTER
“THE MERCILESS INDIAN SAVAGES”
A Fresh Perspective on How the West was Won—and From Whom.
by
Steven Schwamenfeld
thighs, stomach, breast, back, arms and
Scalp Dance: Indian Warfare on the High Plains, 1865-1879. Thomas Goodrich (Stackpole Books, 1997). 340 pp. S32.95.
The American Indian has always had champions among whites. Their voices have generally been loudest in areas furthest removed from Indians in their natural state— perhaps not surprisingly since traditional Indian life involved almost perpetual warfare. Thus, as Americas political frontiers moved West, Easterners came to see Indians not as, in George Washingtons words,“beasts of prey” with an insatiable appetite for bloodshed, but as victims of the white mans ‘greed’ and ‘brutality.’ With the disappearance of the frontier all Americans could take this view, and in the last 30 years book after book has promoted guilt over the fate of the Indian, while regretting our nations very existence.
Thomas Goodrich has boldly attempted to redress this imbalance with Scalp Dance, a historical narrative largely drawn from first-hand accounts by soldiers and settlers who faced the Indian menace on the Great Plains. For Americans reared on tales ofWounded Knee and Sand Creek, a better understanding of Indian warfare casts these famous massacres in an entirely different light.
Hereditary Enemies
Col. William Collins commanded men who faced the Comanche, Kiowa, Arapaho, Cheyenne and Sioux. Of these tribes, he wrote: “War with somebody... is the natural state of an Indian people. Every tribe has some hereditary enemies
with whom it is always at war.... It is by war that they obtain wealth, position and influence with the tribe.”
What modern accountsofthd “noble” Indian warrior commonly leave out is his manner of making war, and it is the eyewitness and contemporary records that both enrich Mr.
Goodrich’s book and make it sometimes painful to read. Military historian John Keegan has written that “there is a cruelty in the warfare of some pre-Columbian peoples of North and Central America that has no parallel elsewhere in the world,” but it would seem that this barbarity continued well into the 19th century.
Col. Henry Carrington wrote: “The great real fact is, that these Indians take alive when possible, and slowly torture." Enemy dead who could not be tortured were horribly mutilated. This is how Col. Carrington describes the battlefield where, on December 21,1866,80 American troops were annihilated by a combined force of Sioux and Cheyenne under Chief Red Cloud:
Eyes tom out and laid on the rocks; noses cut off; ears cut off; chins hewn off; teeth chopped out... brains taken out and placed on rocks with other members of the body; entrails taken out and exposed; hands cut off; feet cut off; arms taken out from sockets; private parts severed and indecently placed on the person... skulls severed in every form, from chin to crown; muscles of calves,
cheek taken out. Punctures upon every sensitive part of the body, even to the soles of the feet and palms of the hand. All this only approximates the whole truth.
A few of the soldiers had managed to kill themselves before being captured. Many—probably most—were taken alive and tortured to death. This was the potential fate of every soldier on the Plains, and it is hardly surprising that it was standard practice to “save the last bullet for yourself.”
The aftermath of the Little Bighorn massacre was entirely typical. Private Jacob Adams wrote: “The men... were... scalped and horribly mutilated. Some
... were decapitated, ■■ while many bodies were lacking feet.... As I walked over the field I saw many unfortunate dead who had been propped into a sitting position and used as targets by bowmen who had proceeded to stick them full of steelheaded arrows.... Some bodies were set up on their knees and elbows and their hind parts had been shot full of arrows.” Most of the bodies were naked, and many had been elaborately savaged. Isaiah Dorman, an interpreter, and the only black in Custer’s party, was treated with particular contempt. A witness wrote: “Isaiah lay with his breast full of arrows and an iron picket pin thrust through his testicles into the ground, pinning him down.... Dorman’s penis was cut off and stuffed in his mouth, which was regarded among the Indians as the deepest insult possible.... His body had been ripped open, and a coffee pot and cup which he carried with him were filled with his blood. What devilish purpose the Indians had in catching his blood I do not know.” Major Marcus Reno, who had ridden with Custer, wrote of a scene he found in the Indian village near the battleground: “One ghastly find was near the center of the field where three teepee poles were standing upright in the ground in the form of a triangle.
The American Indian has always had champions among whites. Their voices have generally been loudest in areas furthest removed from
Indians...
The RESISTER
On top of each were inverted camp kettles, while below them on the grass were the heads of three men....The three heads were placed within the triangle, facing each other in a horrible sightless stare.”
“Noble” Savages
Whites who observed Indians at their grisly work described them as expert butchers of human meat. A drummer named James Lockwood wrote of the deaths of two soldiers outside Julesburg, Colorado: “In less time than it takes to read this, they were stripped of their clothing, mutilated in a manner which would emasculate them, if alive, and their scalps torn from their heads.”
Far more gratifying than mutilating the dead was torturing the living. This was the ultimate aim of Indian warfare and was considered a religious act. Col. Richard Dodge left this by no means exceptional account of the fate of one captive: “He was stripped of his clothing, laid on his back on the ground and his arms and legs, stretched to the utmost, were fastened by thongs to pins driven into the ground. In this state he was not only helpless, but almost motionless. All this time the Indians pleasantly talked to him. It was all a land of joke. Then a small fire was built near one of his feet. When that was so cooked as to have little sensation, another fire was built near the other foot; then the legs and arms and body of the whole person was crisped. Finally a small fire was built on the naked breast and kept up until life was extinct.”
It is worth noting that Indians did not single out whites for cruelty; they treated them just as they did other Indians. Mr. Goodrich quotes a Crow chief explaining to General George Crook his hatred for the Sioux: “They hunt upon our mountains.They fish in our streams. They have stolen our horses. They have murdered our squaws, our children.... We want back our lands. We want their women for our slaves, to work for us as our women have had to work for them. We want their horses for our young men, and their mules for our squaws. The Sioux have trampled upon our hearts. We shall spit upon their scalps.”
As this passage indicates, Indians did not restrict their slaughter to combatants; many white homesteaders were
killed without regard to sex or age. Capt. Henry Palmer left this terrible account of the aftermath of a raid: “We found the bodies of three little children who had been taken by the heels by the Indians and swung around against the log cabin, beating their heads to a jelly. Found the hired girl some fifteen rods from the ranch staked out on the prairie, tied by her hands and feet, naked, body full of arrows and horribly mangled.”
Mr. Goodrich devotes an entire chapter to womens narratives of captivity. Its title is, “A Fate Worse Than Death,” and he does not use this antique expression ironically. A captive in an Indian camp was fair game for any kind of degradation: “She was led from her tent and every remnant of clothing torn from her body. A child that she was holding tol her breast was wrenched from her arms and she was knocked to the ground. In this nude condition the demons gathered round her and while some held her down by standing on her wrists and their claws clutched in her hair, others outraged her person. Not less than thirty repeated the horrible deed.”
Of two white women rescued by the 7th Cavalry in 1869 it was recorded: “At first they had been sold back and forth among the bucks for fifteen ponies each, but their last owners had only paid two." One victim “appeared to be 50 years old, although she was less than 25.” She had not only been repeatedly raped but had received constant beatings from jealous squaws.
Indians delighted in trophy-taking, and prized some trophies over others. Catherine German wrote of the death of her sister: “Some time passed while the Indians were parleying; they seemed to make a choice between Joanna and myself.... The Indians removed our bonnets to see if we had long hair.... My hair was short.... Joanna was sitting on a box that had been taken from our wagon.... We heard the report of a rifle and when we looked again, our beloved sister, Joanna, was dead. The Indians then scalped their longhaired victim.... This all happened within a very short time, and before
any of us could realize it, our once happy family life was forever ended.” Contemporary accounts show that the lot of an Indian woman was not much better than that of a white captive. Lieutenant James Steele wrote: “She is beaten, abused, reviled, driven like any other beast of burden.... She is bought and sold; wife, mother, and pack animal, joined in one hideous and hopeless whole.”
War correspondent DeBenneville Keim reported: “The relations between the sexes is the same in nearly all cases—that is, they [the women] are the servants or slaves.... All labor performed in an Indian village fall[sj to the lot of the women.”
Elizabeth Burt, an army officers wife, recorded her impressions of domestic life among Indians: “I saw one of them [a chief] walking in front of a squaw, whose back was bent under a heavy sack of something, probably flour, while he, with his tall body wrapped in agayly colored blanket, carried nothing but a stick. We stopped to watch them. Did he offer to help her carry the load? Not he, indeed; but on the contrary would use the stick to poke her in the back, to urge her on when... he found her falling back with her heavy load.The brute!”
Mrs. Burt believed she was allowed to walk about in Indian camps because “women are such inferior creatures in the estimation of an Indian that... I engrossed little of their attention.”
Cheyenne Autumn
Mr. Goodrich concludes his book with an account of the attempt by Chief Dull Knife s Cheyenne to escape from their Kansas reservation and return to their traditional hunting grounds. Historians usually treat this as an epic of aboriginal bravery against all odds. It inspired the adulatory film Cheyenne Autumn. Mr. Goodrich gives all due credit to the Cheyenne as warriors, but he presents the breakout as what it was: a killing spree. Dull Knife’s braves launched a reign of terror over Kansas from which no white American—man, woman, soldier, or civilian—was safe.
Mr. Goodrich devotes an entire chapter to women’s narratives of captivity.
Its title is, “A Fate Worse Than Death”
Despite such firank accounts ofln-lian behavior, Mr. Goodrichs book is >y no means uncritical ofwhites, whose itrocities he also chronicles. Whites who ived in closest contact with Indians vere those who hated them most. Some repaid barbarity in the same coin. A settler named George Porter, who had seen his entire family murdered (and all its female members raped beforehand), went on a one-man vendetta in which he is reported to have killed 108 Indians.
Men like Porter occasionally fought in uniform as volunteer soldiers. Mr. Goodrich actually begins his book with what is generally regarded as the worst case of white brutality in the Indian Wars: the attack on the camp at Sand Creek, Colorado. Here, in the winter of 1864, Col. John Chivington led the Union volunteers of the 3rd Colorado Cavalry against the Cheyenne and Arapaho of Chief Black Kettle. These Indians had been granted a voucher of safety by a regular army officer, and Chivington caught them completely unprepared. His men killed women and children as well as men.
Unlike other historians, Mr. Goodrich puts this massacre in context. Chivington s volunteers knew that during the summer white civilians in the area—men, women, and children— had been slaughtered by Indians. Some of the volunteers were probably related to the victims, and their battle cry was “Remember the murdered women and children!" Regular troops who conducted the bulk of the Indian campaigns were generally far less brutal than Chivington s men because they had a less personal stake in the fighting.
Tie Problems
his said, the army that fought the Indians was not Americas finest. During the Civil War over two million men served in the federal armies, and in May, 1865, one million men were wearing Union blue. But by the next year this force had shrunk to a peace-time strength of55,000 men,
20,000	of whom were occupying the South. It was a meager force that guarded American lives and property as settlers and railroads moved west.
The post-Civil War army also suffered from severe morale problems. The officer corps had been purged of its Southern patrician bedrock, and recruits were often beggars and recent
immigrants. Many soldiers tried to survive their “hitch” by avoiding battle. Desertion was an almost debilitating problem, and sometimes it was only the cruelty of the enemy that inspired great efforts from the men. One officer from Gen. Patrick Connor s 1865 campaign recalled:
About ten days before, the Indians had captured one of our men, and had tortured him and mangled his body in a shocking manner. Our boys swore that if they ever got hold of an Indian they would cut him all to pieces, and they did.
Mr. Goodrichs book captures the insoluble essence of the problem. Given the kind of enemy they proved to be, it is surprising there were not more massacres of Indians. No matter how militarily impressive, the traditional Indian way of life was incompatible with civilization. It was a way of life that held plunder and killing as the highest virtues. Its passing should elicit few tears.
A poor Kansas farmer named John Fergusson expressed in his homely way the determination that finally drove the Indian from the prairies:
1 have been looking for the redskined Deavels in on us every day for the last month, they have been in and killed settelars twenty miles north of me and carried off gerls prisoners, the people here is living in constant dread of being attacted by them every day. the settelars cant verry well leave, they have reasded good fare crops of wheat and corn . . . and the most of them thinks as I do that we may as well stay here with what we have got and run the riskofbeing skalped as leave it. as for me I have lost over a thousand Dolars runing from Indians over the last five years and I am going to stand by what I have got now to the last minut.
It is the perspective of the people who built the United States that has been withheld from us by the purveyors of popular culture. Scalp Dance reminds us of the nobility of Americas settlers and of our debt to their memory.
This article is reprinted, with permission, from the March, 1998, issue of American Renaissance, Box 527, Oakton, VA 22124
(703) 716-0900.
80