A right, to be truely so, must be right in itself;
yet many things have obtained the name of rights, which are originally founded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
The Political Warfare
These so-called governments are in reality only great bands of robbers and murderers, organised, disciplined, and constantly on the alert. Lysander Spooner, 1869
Volume IV
Autumn 1997
Number 1
PUBLISHED QUARTERLYBY
John P. Zenger Press, Ltd.
$ 10.00
i \ Mi
BAft k.
I I !
The RESISTER
Publisher John Peter Zenger Editor J. F. A. Davidson Associate Editors Melancton Smith, D. van Oort, Contributing Editors Zebulon B.Vance, Dr. Susan L.M. Huck Research Department Fisk Research Associates Illustrator Michael Paul; McClinton Advertising & Marketing Peter Yarborough Counselor Kevin L. Jamison Distribution Sandy Brighton
$
The RESISTER is published quarterly by John P. Zenger Press. Address correspondence to: Boxholder, PO Box 35046, Fayetteville, North Carolina 28303, U.S.A. Subscription price: U.S., S35.00; Foreign, SUS50.00; Library, S 100.00 per year. Single copy; S10.00. The editor will consider unsolicited material, but is not obligated to acknowledge receipt or to return manuscripts. Any contributor who is not notified by The RESISTER within 90 days after submitting a manuscript may assume that The RESISTER is unable to publish the material. Copyright © 1997 by The RESISTER. All rights reserved. Requests to reprint or republish any article in this issue, by any means or method now known, or invented in the future, must be submitted in writting to the editor.
Statement of Editorial Policy
The philosophy of The Resister is straightforward. Individual rights, strict constitutional construction, limited government. Patriotism, laissez-faire capitalism, and republicanism: In short, the principles upon which America was founded.
We oppose; statism, socialism, collectivism, racism, altruism, internationalism, tribalism, unlmited democracy, pull politics, and the “New World Order" In short, the ideologies of all tyrannies.
Our philosophical framework is Objectivism* (the rational morality of self interest—Life). Our political philosophy is grounded in the works of the Framers of the Constitution (government as servant, not master—Liberty). Our economic philosophy is laissez-faire capitalism (the origin of true rights— Property).
Our goal is the restoration of the Constitutional Republic as originally designed and conceived by its Founders.
•The editors of this publication accept Objectivism as their philosophical base; however, we are not spokesmen for Objectivism and we alone are responsible for the views expressed here.
These so-called governments are in reality only great bands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert. Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to be truely so, must be right in itself; many things have obtained the name of rights, which are originally founded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
Volume IV	Autumn	1997
Number 1
CONTENTS
FEATURES
Correspondence	03
Editorials & Commentaries
Reform the Army (Part 2)	09
Horror Quotes	18
Commentaries From Readers	28
Obituaries	30
Periodic Intelligence Report	34
Books & Reviewables
Civil War II	74
A Conversation With Mr. Chittum	80
The Fourth Catacysm	81
The ANTIFEDERALIST
What Do They Mean By That?
J.Fji. Davidson & D. van Oort	41
Race, Nation and the Soldier
Steven Schvjamenfeld	49
Subversion of the Third Amendment
J.Fji. Davidson	54
The PARTISAN
The Partisan Sniper
C. Shore &F.D. Godman	65
Investigating and Prosecuting Criminal Conspiracies Kimball O'Hara	70
The RESISTER
WACO: THE RULES
OF ENGAGEMENT
PRODUCER’S CUT
(Contains footage not seen in theatres!)
Acclaim for WACO: The Rules of Engagement “The seminal work on the Waco tragedy.”
Richard Reavis, author The Ashes of Waco
“When people sit down and watch this movie political differences are washed away by the common fear of a government gone berserk.”
Michael McNulty, producer
“Most likely to be suppressed.”
Independent Film & Video Monthly, Apr.‘97
$33.00	BHN	Sales
(Postage Paid)	1347 Worsted Drive
Check or Money Order Fayetteville, NC 28314
Made Payable to:
BACK ISSUES & SUBSCRIPTION
The following back issues of The Resister are available. Prices are determined by availablity of remaining stocks and are subject to change as stocks are depleted. They will never be reprinted as single issues. We will not honor third-party offers!
Volume II, Number 3, Winter 1996	$25.00
Volume II, Number 4, Spring 1996	$15.00
Volume III, Numbers 1 & 2, Summer & Fall 1996 SOLD OUT Volume III, Number 3, Winter 1997	$20.00
Volume III, Number 4, Spring/Summer 1997	$20.00
Stapled newsletter versions of The Resister (Vol.I, No.l - Vol.II, No.2) are no longer available.
SUBSCRIPTION: $35.00 (One year. Please indicate with which issue you wish to start)
$10.00 (single copy)
Send orders to:
Boxholder
PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303-5046
Cash or Money Order. (Checks may take up to 60 days to clear.)
The law perverted! ... The law, Isay, not only turned from its proper purpose but made tofollow and entirely contrary purpose!
Frederic Bastiat, 1850

As usurpation is the exercise of power which another hath a right to, so tyranny is the exercise of power beyond right, which nobody can have a right to.
John Locke, 1681

A Letter From the Editor
o
Old Business
With this issue The Resister begins its fourth year. Long time readers are aware of The Resister's growth and changes, as well as some of the trials and tribulations it has undergone. To those of you who have been with us since the beginning I just want to say that your support is deeply appreciated by all involved with The Resister and Special Forces Underground. To those of you whoVe recently subscribed I’m certain (based on some recent correspondence) that you’ve come to realize that reading The Resister is somewhat akin to plunging your head into a bucket of ice-water. I assure you, that’s intentional.
Some readers have remarked that The Resister should “tone down” (usually qualified by “a little bit”) it’s blunt language and harsh anti-collectivist rhetoric. One bit of advice was to “...refrain from calling female soldiers barracks sluts.” When I responded that, given the context in which that phrase was used (female “trainees” at Aberdeen dropping to their knees in front of the Drill Sergeant to avoid duty), that that was a true and accurate description of their behavior, the advisor stated, “but it sounds bad.” So what?! There is no conceivable reason to make opprobrious behavior read pleasantly or sound good to the ear. That is the technique used by “progressives” and “liberals” to hijack language and obfuscate not only what they really mean, but what “good” they intend to inflict upon the innocent. That’s also the technique used by so-called neo-
o
conservatives, who in my estimation are little more than “liberals” in tacky conservative drag.
And frankly, I’m not quite certain what a “conservative” is. From their writings and what I’ve heard from them their battle cry might as well be “Compro- ■ mise!” What, ex- ■ actly,	are
conservatives conserving? The status quo? It’s certainly not the Constitutional Republic as founded.
“A return to 1 Family Values!” conservatives insist. (I’m all for that.) “A return to God and Country!” they aver. (I’m for that too.) “Tax breaks for the middle-class!” (How about no taxes?) “And... and... uhhhh....” Exactly. No ideas are insisted upon, and no principles are averred by “conservatives.” The following statement is for the benefit of our new readers. (Our old readers have already figured it out.) The Resister is not “conservative” in the slightest. The Resister is reactionary. That’s why those who adhere (consciously or unconsciously) to collectivism, or any other egalitarian philosophy, find it unsettling.
You see, “progressives” and “liberals” at least have ideas. Their ideas are prima facie horrific, but at least they have them, and they work tirelessly to advance them. So, in that sense, at least, “progressives” and “liberals” have principles (albeit very bad ones) they are willing to cave our skulls in with. The Resister's
reactionism is therefore stridently (one radio interviewer remarked deadpan, “That’s putting it mildly”) anti-collectivist.
When was the last time you talked to a “conservative” who expressed a thoroughly anti-collectivist idea? Let’s try one out: End all welfare, beginning with Social Security. Oh no!—we just need to reform it! See what I mean? The idea that there must be an end to gov-- ernment sponsored f	theft of the	produc-
They don t want to tive in order to sup-
end the thievery, they port tax eating voter .	,	i • r blocks is unthink-
just want the thiei to wear a Smiley Face mask.
able to “conservatives.” They don’t want to end the thievery, they just 11 want the thief to wear a Smiley Face mask. Right, Mr. Buckley?
1 he ra
O
The Face of Evil
ne day, while driving North Jwith a close friend, he remarked, “You’re awfully quiet.” “I was just thinking,” I said, that I want to meet The Evil. I want to look in it’s eyes and ask Why?”’ “How do you picture Evil?” he asked; and then, “Do you think you could return whole—the same person—if you did meet it?”
(Good question!) “Yes,” I said, “I think I could.” (There followed a rather intense discussion about whether one could come in contact with Evil and remain untouched by it. I made it out of university with my mind intact, so I do think it’s possible.)
“How do you picture The Evil?” he asked.
I gathered my thoughts: “It’s an ageless decrepit old man, confined to a rickety wooden wheelchair in
3
The RESISTER
the middle of a bare room, whose wool lap blanket is smeared with the ash of a Lucky Strike butt burning in an arthritic claw, who gazes into the distance and Thinks Evil. And when he’s thought long enough, he summons his minions and lectures them about how to spread, not the direct result of The Evil Thought, but the possibility of that thought.” I’m usually not given to metaphor, and I know there is no wizened old man thinking evil and dispatching minions to spread the germs of his latest obscenity. (Actually, there are many of them, they’re much younger, and they stand in front of chalk-boards.) Conceptually, however, it does help to embody such things if only to grasp however tenuously the enormity and magnitude of evil’s extent. The degree to which American society has accepted at face value, and as axioms, inherently evil ideas, only to moan that the consequences of those ideas need merely be “reformed” (i.e. appeased and compromised with) doesn’t exactly inspire me to take very seriously much of what that bunch called “conservatives” have to say.
In case you’re still wondering, Evil’s minions are “progressives” and its scut workers are liberals.* Consider this when next your mind is glued to the Telescreen: That “wellbaby” clutching, side-to-side rocking, smiley face button wearing, “We Shall Overcome” singing, rosy cheeked candle floating dirt-worshiper is the human embodiment of The Evil Thought’s possibility. What you’re shown is merely a “liberal” scut. The people who made sure you saw her are “progressives.”
New Business
I consider The Resister's subscribers in a manner to be investors in it’s success. As “investors’ they vote on The Resister's editorial content with their hard earned and heavily taxed Federal Reserve notes of indebtedness. So I thought subscribers would like to know what new business The Resister is engaged in. It’s not your “right to know,” but I thought it would be courteous to tell you.
It’s been suggested that The Resister should assume a “web presence.” Now let me ask this; why should The Resister give away for nothing that which takes considerable time, effort and labor to produce? Let me put it another way.
Why should I subscribe, say, to the Washington Post, when I can pull it up on the web and print those articles for free that I would have snipped
from a paid-for hard That“wellbaby”
c°py? If the Wash- clutching side-tO-Side ington Post is stupid	07
enough to give the rocking, smiley face
button wearing, “We
Shall Overcome”
singing, rosy cheeked
candle floating dirt-
worshiper is the
sister won't. Verson- human embodiment of §0mTruth Radio’s1
ally, I don’t have The Evil Thought’s web site. Every first much use for the	Monday or the
anarch net anyway,	possibility.	month, at the invi-
so don’t look for an “■	tation of “Tour of
product of their creative labor away I’m more than happy to accommodate them by accepting it. I hope they free-lunch themselves out of business. The Re-
Legal Terrorism and Why Do We Americans Put Up With This? She has honored The Resister by agreeing to join its staff as a contributing editor.
“Tour of Duty” is a weekly radio program hosted by California National Guardsmen SGT Richard Cabral, “SP5” Sid Whitt, and Lieutenant Dave Tyner. “T our of Duty” —— broadcasts every Monday, 1800 to 2000 (Pacific standard) on KMAK FM 100.3, which covers the central California area, and on Satellite GEl, Transponder 14, C-Band, Audio 7.55. It can also be heard on the web at <truthradio.com> using Real Audio
[official presence” anytime soon.
The Resister has purchased Conservative Review magazine. A little bit of history for context. In 1985 or so, there was a minor split in the John Birch Society. The 11 times per year American Opinion magazine and its weekly companion, The Review of the News, became the biweekly The New American and the factionists started their own monthly magazine called Conservative Digest. Conservative Digest ran until about 1990, when its subscriber list was purchased by Dr. Roger Pearson who then started Conservative Review. Conservative Review began as a monthly, became a bimonthly in 1991, and was purchased in 1993 by Dr. Frederic Smith, former administrative assistant for the late Congressman Larry McDonald. Conservative Review, during it’s run, had a distinguished body of writers, including its associate editor, Dr. Susan L.M. Huck, former research assistant for Congressman McDonald. Her work appeared frequently in American Opinion, and she is the author of
Duty,” the second hour of the pro-1 gram will be “The Resister Hour with J.F.A. Davidson.
The Resister will be sold at gun shows and in private businesses by three new distributors.
Finally, The Resister welcomes Fisk Research Associates to the staff. Leftists, beware.
Isn’t real capitalism grand? Just think; everybody did the foregoing and associated with one another voluntarily, without “government” license, supervision or regulation. What a concept.
I
From Readers
was paroled from USMA in 1987. Since then I have been in armor units, so my first hand experience with women in the military comes from my incarceration at West Point.
I had a leadership “P” who really tried to mentor and help cadets outside the classroom. He once pulled me aside and told me I should try to lose some weight to better set the example as an officer. I was within
the standard, but had a little extra around the waist. I said, “I know, Sir. I’m working on that.” He later confided that he had given several cadets that advice when the shoe fit. All male cadets had reacted as I did—agreed and promised to try harder. He said he never made that correction on female cadets after the first few, because they were outraged, took it personally, and cried.
We had lunch formation early one day because of a “rally” on the mess hall steps before chow. The “rally” was the Regimental Tac Officer recognizing and praising a female classmate because she had made an “A” on the Cadet Physical Fitness Test, and maintained an “A” academic average. I remember several male cadets looking around and saying, “I’m doing that too. Why aren’t I up there?”
A female classmate in my company was separated my Cow year for lesbian activity. Her roommate of two years walked in on her and a fellow softball player “in action.” There was always rumor of lesbianism on the softball team, but I have no firsthand knowledge.
Of course you know about the indoor obstacle course. A male must do it in three minutes, but the females get six minutes to complete it. And the female cadet can climb the cargo net if she can’t lift herself onto the shelf. I hosted a cadet this summer and he said they were talking about eliminating the indoor obstacle course. And females do not take boxing or wrestling.
I recommend you get a book called The Weak Link. It’s all about the political push to get more women in the military. He tells about an award cadets used to get at Camp Buckner, the “Recondo Badge.” It was awarded to the top percentage of cadets based on physical fitness and military skills. He describes how they had to drop the standard so low in order for the “correct” number of females to get it, that it became an embarrassment, so they just did away with it.
I will query my classmates and acquaintances for more stuff. I’m going to have flashbacks now that
you drug this out of me. I expect you to pay for my therapy.
Armed and Free... So Far HQ,TRADOC
Your Spring/Summer editorial, “Reform the Army: End Equal Opportunity,” [Vol.III, No.4] wherein you remarked that the Army is deliberately recruiting those who do not have America’s best interests at heart, prompted me to write. I came to realize long ago that things like that do not happen in isolation.
I am a book designer by trade and I just finished a coffee table book on America’s “New” Military. Sadly enough, while a real work of art, it is not even being published by an American firm. The book focuses much of its attention on the individuals who comprise our Armed Services. Obviously a patriotic tribute to our nations front-line defenders is not as commercially tantalizing to our publishers as, for example, Diana Stewart.
During the production I assisted with several sessions of photo-edits, a task both fascinating and revolting. I have seen political correctness consciously manipulated as few outside the communications industry will ever witness.
When images are published, (or new stories selected) the process is structured by a willed campaign to advance an agenda. This is not paranoid speculation on my part. I’ve witnessed it first hand. The agenda goes hand-in-hand with an issue and deadline oriented industry advancing the latest thoughts of “progressives.”
To illustrate: We went through over a hundred thousand photographs for the military book in order to select the several hundred that appear in the publication. As you might well imagine, under those circumstances, the criteria for choosing a photo must be identified in no uncertain terms.
I was told that photographs of blacks and women rated highest. “Black women are especially desirable,” I was cautioned. Photos of blacks and females in positions of
authority were priority. When the “creative” team came across a photo of a black female instructor demonstrating a safety technique to a group of white male soldiers I expected, in their ecstasy, they were going to drop to their knees in thankful prayer.
At one point, I flatly refused an egregious effort at language distortion to gender-neutral “standards.” In a pathetic effort not to use the standard singular possessive pronoun “his” to identify a noun at the end of a clause whose subject was either a man or a woman, somebody (who knew better) used the plural pronoun “their.” This created what any sixth grader (from my generation at least) would have recognized as a subject/pronoun disagreement.
I corrected it and returned the marked manuscript. I was told to change it back to the wrong syntax.
I had reached my limit. The book will contain proper, if politically suspect, grammar—one small step for a rational man...!
You’re not alone out there.
A Patriot in the Media Jackson Heights, NY
J[FA Davidson: I thought you to be a truly rational Objectivist | until I read your “I Hate Liber-s” column (Vol.III, No.4). Now I see you as yet another right-wing conservative who preaches economic freedom while simultaneously embracing moral oppression. I don’t know which is worse; the moral anarchy of liberal subjectivism or the moral socialism of your “conservative family values.” Both are destructive and evil.
When it comes to human sexuality, you tout the virtues of “normal people” like a true socialist. You define what is approved behavior by what you and the rest of your mob deem appropriate. On this issue you are, therefore, anti-freedom.
What goes on in my bedroom you will never know, nor is it any of your damn business. A homosexual can be just as “competent, industrious and intelligent” as any other Objectivist, and two men (or women) engaging in mutually
The RESISTER
agreeable sexual relations is no more disgusting or perverted than two men engaging in mutually agreeable business relations. You cannot condemn one action without establishing a moral right to condemn the other.
Eliminate your hypocrisy!
Christopher J. Smith Mooresville, NC
I received several like this, but Mr. Smith's was the best one.
One; heterosexuality is normal human behavior, so by default, homosexuality is abnormal. Two; if one willfully engages in abnormal behavior that behavior is, by definition, aberrant. Three; intentional aberrancy is, by definition, irrational. Four; willful irrationality is nihilistic.
As the manifestation of a nihilistic mindset, homosexuality is a debasement, not a celebration, of human sexuality and is therefore abominable. However, so long as homosexuals confine their voluntarily irrational behavior to themselves, they are welcome to the personal self-destruction that goes with it, but must also contend, individually, with the discrimination they w ill face in civilized society if they flaunt their perversion.
Homosexuals have the same individual rights as normal individuals, including the right to discriminate. Until, that is, they demand extraordinary mcivilrights, “in the manner of their Communist Negro pathfinders. Homosexual “civil rights* are by definition compelled abrogations of normalpeople's individual rights, that can be enforced in only one manner, at the point of government's gun, and propagandized by only one means, official government pedagogy.
Mr. Smith is correct. Whatever consensual squalidness occurs between two consenting adults in private is none of my business, and I truly do not want to know. But the homosexual agenda has nothing to do with consensual (however opprobrious) adult behavior in private. It is a blatant frontal assault against reason that demands mass surrender to irrationality, and it's also a deliberate attack on freedom of association and property rights -just like the Negro *civil rights' movement9
and the “'womens rights movement.” Neither of which had anything to do with rights.
Homosexuals have thereby declared themselves to be a tribe, whose “race" is determ ined by the hypothetical fag gene. "And that makes them a stationary target in these editorialpages.
Like the qualifier at the beginning of any formation ass-chewing; Tfthis doesn't apply to you, ignore it. If it does—Pay Heed. ”
J.F.A. Davidson
You’ll love this! I was in Kansas City for a seminar last August and was on my way home, preparing to board a U.S. Air flight. My briefcase was on the X-ray conveyor belt while I was talking to some friends. My office manager gestured me to “come quick!”
As I walked up I found the airport rent-a-cops searching my briefcase. When I asked what the search was for a “female” (and that is a very I diplomatic description) shouted, “We have been alerted to a Weapon and Contraband!”
“What ‘weapon’ and what ‘contraband.’” I asked.
“THIS!” she yelled, holding up my smallest Spyderco® pocket
knife, “IT’S A WEAPON! .
“Maybe for a midget,” I replied. Just then her supervisor appeared and moved her, and my briefcase and belongings to another table. I could not overhear all their conversation, but I could hear her (she was still yelling).
As the supervisor questioned her, her replies were:
“This weapon!” and “American Handgunner and two copies of The Resister, what does anybody need with two copies of THAT for !?” (Sorry, her grammar.) “No nothing else.” Then, “At least check what that woman with him has!”
The supervisor, being more, ummm.... intelligent, returned my property and told me to board the plane. When I told the supervisor I wanted to speak to his supervisor he smiled and told me “It will take about an hour to get him here, but gee, your plane leaves in ten min-
utes. I guess you’ll miss yourplan^
1 he other rent-a-cops smiled obediently.
So, there you have it. The Re~ sister, Spyderco® and my charming personality got me in trouble. At first I was pissed. Then I went home. I am a respected doctor in my community. I was treated like a migrant in a Third-world s—thole and had my belongings tossed by factotums.
Every day I tell people, “Pay Attention!” because trouble is not on the way, it’s already here. That lovely afternoon in the Kansas City airport just reinforced what I already knew.
Keep up the good work.
Bill Butson, D.C.
Lenoir, North Carolina
P.S. I didn’t add 2 + 2 until I addressed the envelope. That bitch in K.C. knew about The Resister. Screw ‘em!
I am not in special operations. I did spend some time in the 82nd Airborne Division. I am_at_FL Sam Houston
I love being a soldier but I am about fed up with the PC Nazis gutting the military.
I agree with everything I have read so far. I am still uncertain what you hope to accomplish. Anyone who agrees with you, as I already do, is already convinced “a lot of s—t ain’t right” these days. Any G-2 you might put out does not apply to me. I am in no position to change or effect anything.
I only know a handful of others who think as I do. Those individuals, even if they desired action, are like me; indians, not chiefs. Don’t get me wrong: I am not advocating the initiation of violence, but neither will I live as a slave.
J.S. Mosby Fort Sam Houston, TX
What The Resister is accomplishing is the coalescing both “indians" and “chiefs" throughout the military under the anti-collectivist banner. Standing, Reserve and National Guard; active and retired; enlisted soldiers, non-commissioned officers and commissioned
6
B nr xt-
officers. We're not going to live as slaves either.
J.F.A. Davidson
Counsel v. Davidson I am always amazed by the left's assumption that the The Resister is some monolithic entity wherein no discussion or debate is tolerated The sheer volume of debate between the editor, associate editors, contributing editors, writers and correspondents would fill a hrfty tome. Here's one example:
T rung-si: A wise salesman once told me that you don’t make sales by running down the other guy’s product, you make them by pushing your own product. I fear the magazine has been overly critical. It is not enough to accuse feminists of being Communists. Surely there is something going on of which you approve.
General Gastis’ article on why women cannot perform in combat is the sort of thing needed. It was specific, well grounded in reality, the sort of article expected of professional soldiers.
Kevin L. Jamison
Dai-ui: Frankly, a lot of the material in the last issue was toned down before it went to press. I understand your concern about shinning a positive light on what we’re about, and the reason BG Gastis’ article followed hard on the heels of “The Stars...” is because he addressed specifics. Please note, however, that whenever concrete specifics describing why females shouldn’t even be in the military—let alone hold combat billets—are mentioned, the opposition pooh-poohs them as either irrelevant, “sexist,” a need for more “training,” or a “leadership problem.”
It’s a known fact that the movers and shakers of the feminist movement are Communists, and have been since that movement’s inception in the early-1800’s. It is also a known fact that the ERA proponents knew what the inclusion of females in the military would do to it, and regardless of their anti-war
rhetoric, were consistent in their call for “full equality” of women in the military—as impossible then as it is today. It is also a known fact that the ’60s and ’70s dissidents in the military were Communists, Communist supporters, and revolutionary Negro activists. The myriad regulations enacted to appease them, and their supporters in Congress, are the very regulations that enable The Resister to survive. I call that poetic justice because TR is consistently opposed to everything they stood for and the Army is living with today. Please note that the chain of command, and this administration, consider TR sedition.
You ask if there is anything of which I approve. There is. I approve of Alabama governor James’ defiant stand against the federal government—but not for the reasons he is being defiant. His defiance is grounded in mysticism, and for that reason will not only fail in the short term, but will cause long term damage to his state once the Reds have driven him from office. The reason for this is because he does not categorically reject the left’s lexicon; nor does he reject the left’s core premises. Thus, by using their lexicon, and arguing against federal intrusion in Alabama’s internal affairs by accepting their premises, he has merely thrown a stone in the pond when he should have blown-up the dam. ‘A’ for intent, ‘D’ for implementation, ‘F’ for consequences.
Had James been fully cognizant of what he was doing, or what he was up against, he would have disbanded the Alabama State Board of Education before he rejected the federally mandated Goals 2000, had all Alabama members of the Communist ACLU disbarred, and withdrawn Alabama from the National Guard, before he stated he would use duly constituted (by the Alabama Constitution) force to defend Judge DeMont’s display of the 10 Commandments in his courtroom. And, if he had any balls, would have declared Alabama seceded from the Union—just to punctuate his resolve to resist the federal dictatorship. He wouldn’t have lasted long,
but he would have sent an unmistakable message.
But he could do none of the above. Now he is smeared as a “crank” for the simple reason that he attempted to regain the sovereignty of his state. He had a chance to be a national leader, and he pissed it away because he accepted, and acted upon, false premises. Every time somebody accepts a collectivist premise (i.e., women and men are equal, or all cultures have equal value, ad nauseam), they’re simply deepening the grave we’ll all be buried in.
Let me put that in a 2nd amendment context. When Charlton Heston stands up on national television holding a select fire M16 in one hand, and a double barreled shotgun in the other, and first holds up the M16 saying, “This is what the second amendment is about,” then holds up the shotgun and says, “This is a derivative, not a primary”—then I will concede TR is being too “negative.” We both know that is not going to happen. Heston is a piker (Eke all the other NRA drones), and will continue to surround himself with “The Children,” blubbering about rights he dimly comprehends, while promoting an NRA that exists solely to perpetuate the NRA. If the NRA truly existed to defend the 2nd amendment our history books would detail the 1934 Self-Defense March by machine-gun wielding citizens on Washington—and the lynching of those in Congress who passed the ’34 National Firearms Act.
Do I have optimism about anything? Yes; I am optimistic that we are treading water in a statist toilet waiting for the first elected dictator to flush it. Say, Gore in 2000. Maybe Powell.
What TR is doing, is standing up and saying to collectivists (of all shades of red): “We’ll destroy you while defending our rights against you because you are evil.9 I can fathom no logical reason to be pleasant while saying it.
Deo Vindice,
JFAD
$
The RESISTER
The N ew Totalitarian^:
Bosnia as a Mirror of America’s Future
Praise for this Book
In the cesspool of inverse morality that defines the New Totalitarians, the most debased and degenerate of the counter-culture elite sank straight to the bottom and became its leaders, and eventually our government.
J.FA. Davidson
[The book] builds a convincing hypothesis that the Clintons and their Boomer elitists...will destroy the institutions and traditions on which America was founded...in particular the Navy will be irreparably damaged by a second Clinton term....
ADM Thomas H. Moorer, (Ret.)
This important book clearly illustrates how the politically correct are transforming Marxism from economies into culture...when multiculturalismfails, as it always will, the result will be ‘bayonets.'
Bill Lind, Host of The Next Revolution, NET-TV
This book reveals how Bill Clinton and his ‘New Totalitarians’ are destroying America’s trusted institutions, including the nation’s military. Unless turned back, we will witness the collapse of our nation and with it our American Civilization. The author, Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson, is a former Navy carrier and test pilot, Viet Nam War combat veteran, and former national security advisor in the Office of the Secretary of Defense.
The New Totalitarians reveals:
»The true reason Clinton committed troops to Bosnia
»The parallels between Yugoslavia and America
»Who these New Totalitarians really are
»The New Totalitarians’ agitprop agenda
»How they are destroying the U.S. military from within
Send $22.50 check or money order (postage paid) to:
Atkinson Associates Press P.O. Box 1417
Clinton, MD 20735 or call (301) 899-8224 for information.
Our customers don't end up on anyone’s mailing list!
LEGAL
TERRORISM
I -by-
Susan L.M. Huck, Ph.D
The Resister has purchased all remaining stocks of Legal Terrorism. We are offering this essential reference, detailing how leftists manipulate our legal system, for $7.00 soft cover, or $14.00 hard cover (Postage Paid).
NOT FOUND IN BOOK STORES ANYWHERE!
Allow 8 weeks for delivery. Send Cash or Money Order to:
For anybody who dreams of the day when Communists twist in the wind... this book is a necessary reference.
Book Offer
P.O. Box 47095
J FA Davidson	Kansas	City,	MO	64188
8
Vnl TV XT.
A
v/jgp i
No man’s life, liberty, orproperty is safe while the legislature is in session.
Judge Gideon J. Tucker	^

4.-.
The Highest art in the world cannot guild socialism. It is impossible to make beautiful the denial of liberty.
Auberon Herbert
Editorials ^Commentaries
REFORM THE ARMY
(Part 2)
“Army. We Don’t Need You.”
[ tion on royal blue background, “IF NOT YOU, WHO?
The reason that poster is my favorite is because it was designed by a professional. What kind of professional we’ll discuss shortly.
Colonel Karen N. Maguire of the Recruiting Command Public Affairs Office announced in early October that the Army had met its recruiting goals for fiscal year ‘97. She stated that
82,000 “young people” had enlisted in the Army during the fiscal year, which had begun Recruiting Command-wide with a mission1 of
89,700. You maybe asking yourself, “If the mission was 89,700, and 82,000 is the successful “goal,” what happened to the other 7,700 “young people” the Army needed to make up its “young people” deficit? Well, it’s simple really; any con-artist knows how to cook the books.
The Army simply reduced its “end-strength” (the number of soldiers on active duty) by 4,000, and it’s recruiting mission by 4,200, resulting in a deficit of-4,200. Then Recruiting Command further decreased its mission by 3,500 due to reenlistments, leaving a deficit balance of-7,700Joes. In other words, the Army succeeded in meeting its enlistment mission by reducing the number of soldiers the Army needed to replace and by redefining reenlistments as “recruiting.” Now, if a private individual tried the same bookkeeping methods with a company account he would be charged with constructive fraud. But it’s perfectly all right for Recruiting Command to engage in
constructive fraud. After all, it’s for the “good of the Army”—and the commander of Recruiting Command’s career prospects.
Stroll into a reenlistment office anywhere in the U.S. Army and you will observe one of the Army’s newest recruiting posters. (It’s my personal favorite.)
It’s not like the others. The other posters show perky females being given the Opportunity to do manly things in a feminine way, and anointed minorities Learning a Trade. One of the latest Special Forces recruiting posters even illustrates the future truth by having the officially deA creed future percentage of minorities in Special Forces doing action things and posing with their future Quality of Life families. But my personal favorite is the poster that shows a Wilson’s War2 Uncle Sam (with stern gaze, eyes that follow you, and right index finger aimed straight at your heart; whoever designed the Wilson’s War Uncle Sam was a genius) with the bold ques-
How to Read a Recruiting Poster
My favorite poster continues, “If you believe this country needs an Army, you can’t help but believe that it needs soldiers.” (Fatuous, but mostly harmless. We’ll rewrite it later.) “Who will these soldiers be?” Uncle queries.
“Don’t look over your shoulder. After all, with your education, ambition and dreams, you have a personal stake in the future of this country.” Uncle then admonishes, “And a personal duty to serve it. That’s right, though military service is no longer an obligation, it is no less a duty.” [Emphasis added.] Interesting choice of phrases, “no longer an obligation” and “no less a duty.” Particularly the way they are juxtaposed. Note, in the preceding paragraph, the careful arrangement of truth, partial truth, smuggled lie, and falsehood.
An individual has “a personal stake in the future of this country” (a truth). He has “a personal duty to serve it” (a partial truth). Military service is “no longer an obliga-
The RESISTER
tion” (a deliberate lie smuggled in a truth). Which makes military service “a duty” (a falsehood). This arrangement was no accident. It was written by a professional propagandist who counted on the inability of his target audience (“young people”) to distinguish, not only the true definition of specific words and their meaning in context, but also the Owellian conclusion: Freedom is slavery. Our propagandist therefore is also a nihilist.
“After all, with your education, ambition and dreams, you have a personal stake in the future of this country,” Uncle says. Of course you do. That is why this sentence is placed first in sequence. The technique used here is to fix in your mind a truism so the following partial truth, smuggled lie, and falsehood lead you successively to a wrong conclusion.
The partial truth is: “And a personal duty to serve it." The words “personal duty” were not placed in their position by accident. Note that the questions “to •whom and for whuff* are deliberately left unanswered; nor are you expected to ask them. Now, if military duty is of value to you, and if you assess military service as consistent with both your present values and those rational values you expect to gain in the future by your military service, then yes, you have a “personal duty” to yourself to pursue those values and military service is therefore a rational choice by the means of which you expect to attain those values. In that context, duty (to oneself) is defined as; “Moral obligation; the binding force of what is morally right.”3 I call the aforementioned sentence a partial truth because although a rational individual may (based on his values) reason that military service is of value to himself and his future, yet that is not what our propagandist had in mind when he wrote the aforementioned sentence. The connotation is that because you have an “education, ambitions and dreams,” and because you have “a personal stake in the future of this country” you have no moral option but to serve The
State—because The State is assumed to have provided you with “education, ambition and dreams.” Duty, in that context means; “Action, or an act, that is due in the way of moral or legal obligation; that which one ought or is bound to do; an obligation.”4 And in the mangled minds of Dewey Camp5 refugees, having just undergone 12 years of socialization brainwashing, that connotation,
“...personal duty to serve it,” makes perfect sense.
Three words leap out of the punch
or bond. The “right created” 0f course is that of The State to sacrifice you, and the “liability” is yours. But “obligation” qualified by “no longer” in the context of the standing requirement for “young people” to register for the draft means; “You are legally obligated to surrender your life to The State if‘the people’ will it, so you might as well enlist ” In other words, the phrase “no
longer an obliga-tion is a threat. And in the Dewey Camp crippled minds of “young people” that threat is vaguely
The words “personal duty” were not placed
U„ti -IW.'righ,,	fTT"	^	wKSH
tKmwrK militon/cpr- &CClClCHt. .N Ote til at tllC tlmiicrh the nihilist”
questions “to whom and for what}” are deliberately left unanswered....
though military serl vice is no longer am obligation, it is no less a duty.” Those words are “though,”
“obligation,” and “duty?
Conscription6 is ——— the total negation of an individual’s natural rights and liberty. It is a blatantly collectivist practice that has only one conclusion; The State may claim your life at will. It is right and just that conscription is no longer practiced (although registration still continues—a gentle reminder that The State may, whenever it wishes, still claim your life). So, when conscription is conferred the status of “an obligation,” it is entirely consistent that “no longer” be prefaced by “though,” which means; “...that relation of two opposed facts or circumstances (actual or hypothetical) in which the one is inadequate to prevent the other, and therefore both concur, contrary to what might be expected!*1 [Emphasis added.] What are the two “opposed facts?” That conscription is “no longer” a personal “obligation.”
“Obligation,” in the context of conscription means; “An enforced or burdensome task or charge."8 “Obligation” in the context of mandatory registration for conscription, means; *[A] written contract or bond under seal containing a penalty with a condition annexed. Also, the right created or liability incurred by such an agreement, document,
though the nihilist-J propagandist who wrote that phrase categorically stated it as a threat when he used the independent adversative
--------------- particle	“though,”
Dewey Camp refugees dimly “feel it connotes a choice. True, nobody is being conscripted today. But universal service is being seriously discussed among the Establishment drones in the service colleges.10
In the context of the implied threat, “no less a duty” connotes that the absence of press-ganging makes it incumbent upon a man to surrender for “military service.” It specifically states that the government’s lack of authority to forcibly conscript individuals into military service therefore devolves upon the individual the personal responsibility to provide the “service” government cannot compel. Those words imply that the lack of compulsory military servitude (conscription) imposes upon the uncompelled a necessity to volunteer. “Young people” rail for that con every day. But obviously not in sufficient numbers to fill the ranks. So, what’s an Uncle to do?
Offer the kiddies bribes.
Pssst...! Want Some Candy, Kid? 9 “ 'hose bribes are called “bonuses” and “benefits.” After the catch, the poster continues; “And in spite of all the bonuses.
Pssst...
T!
benefits, travel and excitement of being a soldier, fulfilling your duty is the most fulfilling part of all. Think about it.” In other words “young people” are enticed with the notion that they will be laden with | “bonuses” and “benefits” that amount to little more than “workfare” handouts. But it’s a Volunteer Army you see. And if “young people” aren’t bribed they won’t join.
Here’s Uncle’s bribe. In exchange for ‘X’ numbers of years of “travel and excitement” while “fulfilling your duty” to The State, Uncle will I lard you with monetary “bonuses” and education, medical, and loan “benefits” you haven’t yet earned. Nobody has yet offered an expla-[ nation of why Uncle needs to bribe “young people” with the unearned to get them to “volunteer.” Volunteer means of your own volition. Real volunteers don’t need to be bribed.
Those bribes, of course, are called enlistment “incentives” because they encourage a particular choice of work. And given the nature of the “young people” before whom those “incentives” are dangled, they attract exactly those who are not needed in a regular (i.e., standing) army — opportunists, pragmatizers, mediocrists, and parasites.
Do you lack a marketable skill because you’re too lazy or incompetent to learn one yourself? Do you despair of attending university because the dog ate your homework throughout “high” school? Are you a female who just wants The Opportunity to be a man? Are you an Establishment approved minority who needs to be given equality? Have you always been obedient and want now to be a “leader?” Or do you simply want a free lunch? Recruiting Command doesn’t care. They just need bodies—desperately.
The Army is hopelessly infected with senior officers who hold Master of Business Administration degrees. So it’s little wonder that Recruiting Command hasn’t yet tumbled to the contradiction in their not-enough “young people” plight. The Army is yet again be-
ing “drawn down” and according to the latest Quadrennial Defense Review the Army is slated to “down size” by another 15,000 Joes by fiscal year 2000. (That’s the equivalent of an entire division, folks.) Now, any astute reader of The Resister knows that if a ________
business reduces the number of people it needs to conduct business, that allows
Have you always been obedient and want now to be a “leader?”
Comprehension (PC), Electronics Information (El), Coding Speed (CS), Automobile/Shop Information (AS), Numerical Operations (NO), and Mechanical Comprehension (MC). Scores from those subtests are combined variously to derive Aptitude Area Scores which are used to predict service school training success and determine for what
the businessman to
hire higher quality Or do you simply want Military Occupa-employees. In other	J	tional	Specialty	the
words, he can, and	3	free	lunch?
recruit is
ity
most
rationally should, Recruiting Command suited. For example;
t o a n i a w I ah’—	^	fn a	pn ar rv> /nr In
raise his employ- _	,
ment standards. So doesn t care. 1 hey just
it follows that if the	need bodies—
Army is (again) re-	.	.
ducing	its	desperately.
“endstrength” it is in
a position to raise the qualifications required of “volunteers”—right? Wrong!
retted
flu
Perfectly Normal
■ ced with the prospect of a fis-al year ’98 recruiting mission of 77,500 “young people,” 12,200 less than last fiscal year’s real mission (4,500 less than the constructive fraud mission), Recruiting Command, in a stunningly innovative twist on ageless employment practices, lowered the standards for enlistment, and increased the number of Category IV recruits it allows to enlist. And although Recruiting Command boasts that “67 percent [of recruits],” for fiscal year ’97 “scored in the upper half of the Armed Forces Qualification Test (AFQT),” they did not say how the scores were spread out,11 who they were spread out among, what the highest and lowest possible scores are, nor what the AFQT is, or why it’s important. So I will.
The AFQT is not technically “a test.” It is a score computed from the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery (ASVAB). The ASVAB consists of ten subtests: General Science (GS), Word Knowledge (WK), Arithmetic Reasoning (AR), Mathematical Knowledge (MK), Paragraph
the bribes may lure you into a recruiter’s office with a wish to be a communications and electronics repairman, but you may wind up washing clothes. The AFQT is the score derived from the WK, PC, AR, and MK tests.
Recruiting Command denies (fiercely!) that the AFQT is an intelligence test. But it is. In fact, the AFQT is “one of the most highly ^-loaded mental tests in use,”12 and it’s correlation to classic IQjtests “are as high or higher than observed correlations of the classic I Quests with each other.”13 The factor ug means—a broad mental capacity that permeates performance on anything that challenges people cognitively.”14 In other words, a measure of general intelligence. But Recruiting Command was being disingenuous when they declared triumphantly that 67 percent of recruits had scored in the “upper half’ of the AFQT. The maximum AFQT score is 99. And the recruit’s AFQT score determines into what Category he falls. Rather, it did. The Army used to rank recruits after testing as Categoiy I, II, III, or IV. But in these times of compulsory “equality of opportunity,” and combined with the (viciously suppressed) knowledge that the AFQT is an intelligence test, that got pretty embarrassing.15
So, the equal opportunity zampolit at Recruiting Command did what any group of nihilists
1 he	1
/.0
.9
Frequency distributions proportional to the ethnic composition of the U.S. population
While
distribution
Black distribution
5t»	60	70
90	100	110	120	130	140
IQ
FICURZJL
u
—r
31
mb
i
i
50
ZZ7o.
??
AFQT
FHuR6 Z.
would do — they eliminated any distinctions. Now recruits fall into three broad categories; Ilia for those with an AFQT greater than 50, Illb for those with an AFQT between 31 and 50, and IV for those with an AFQT less than 31.
Now, if the Army’s limit on Category IV recruits is 2 percent,16 and 67 percent of recruits were “normed” into Category Ilia, that means that 54,940 recruits are artificially “equal,” and 1,640 are Category I Vs. That means 31 percent, or 25,420, are Illb recruits.
Department of the Army*s diversity zampolit have pointed out that about 30 percent of soldiers are Negro (2 % times greater “representation” in the Army than their overall population of about 12 percent). If we accept the zampolit boast (why would they lie?) we can safely assume that percentage also applies (roughly) to recruits. Because we know that AFQT is an intelligence test directly correlated to IQ* and we know also that the average Caucasian IQjs 100, and that tne average Negro IQjs 85, we can make some assumptive comparisons between Recruiting Command’s fiscal year '97 recruiting success, recruit general intelligence, and where the Army is headed if current recruiting trends continue.
Figure 1 is the 1Q_ distribution proportional to the Caucasian and Negro populations of America17 given that there are about six Caucasians for every Negro. Extrapolating, and assuming normal distributions, figure 2 is the IQ/ AFQT distribution proportion where 70 percent of recruits are Caucasian and 30 percent are Negro. IQdistribution proportions are shown by the curves, while AFQT distribution proportions are shown by the overlaid bar graph. The shaded areas represent the approximate racial make up of each recruit category. Not perfect, but pretty darned dose. (For those of you reding in horror and shouting in indignation, remember that figure 2 is proportional, not absolute, and the area under the curves show distribution, not quantity. For any
equal number of Caucasian and Negro soldiers about half of them will have IQs that match up.)
Recruiting Command makes a huge commotion about “recruit quality” and the percentage of recruits with an AFQT higher than 50. Of course, given that the average high school graduate these days has an “education” a 6th grader would have sneered at as low-bred 100 years ago, it’s difficult to understand what all the fuss is about. And the current recruiting policy of increasing the Army*s “diversity* by recruiting more minorities is going to have the overall effect of making the Army less intelligent at predsely the time when the Army claims it’s increasing the complexity of its technology. The “Army of Excellence” is steadily degenerating into an Army of Mediocrity. More neat stuff will not reverse the trend.
In fact, more neat stuff will make the dumb-down worse. The Army’s parasites (females) are starting to
scream and beat the ground with their root prying sticks, claiming that the increasingly technological Army eliminates the reasons to bar them from combat branches. On top of that, there is a rising cacophony of mooing about the number combat-relatea“jobs” Congress “opened up to them* in a fit ofleg-islative stupidity (goaded by the cretinous cow, Patricia Schroeder), and swallowed whole cloth by America’s second-most incompetent Secretary of Defense, William Perry. Of the 47,544 “jobs” that became “available” to the Army’s female parasites in 1993 and 1994, only 815 have been “filled.” A sane man would say, “Good!” Recruiting Command says the Army needs more parasites.
The hidden horror in Recruiting Command’s systematic (and I contend planned) destruction of the Army is that almost 20 percent of fiscal year ‘97’s recruits were females. The RAND Corporation’s National Defense Research Insti-
tute thinks that’s great, because RAND recently conducted a survey asking commanders their “feelings” about gender integration. The conclusion was “gender integration is perceived to have a relatively small effect on readiness, cohesion, and morale.” “Perceived” by whom? Sycophants who know which apolitical side their Officer Evaluation Report is buttered on. How small is “relatively small?” They won’t say. The RAND “study” was commissioned by Representatives Tilly Fowler and Jane Harman in the summer if 1996.
Yes, those are the same two root prying stick wavers who demand that “leadership” is at fault when barracks sluts can’t keep their legs closed. What was the purpose of the RAND study? In the words of Rep. Harman, “We want to learn more than that,” in response to rational objections that men don’t want or need females in combat units. (There must have been a full moon when she said that.) So the conclusion of RAND’s “study” was consistent with its history of being the thug in the alley every time the Army gets mugged by nihilist-egalitarian social reformers.
“Soldiers Are Our Credentials”
That is the personal slogan of Army Chief of Staff, General Dennis Reimer. By default it has become the slogan of choice for all officers who value their careers above their personal integrity. You will read hardly anything by General Reimer in official correspondence wherein that mind numbing slogan is not parroted— particularly since the squalidness at Aberdeen. It is entirely consistent with the consequences of the Army’s current recruiting, retention, and equal opportunity policies. You’re supposed to feel good about that slogan. Anybody who thinks about it, in light of the above-mentioned policies, despairs. (My reply to General Reimer is: “Speak for yourself!”)
It would be more accurate to regard today’s recruits as unprincipled, whining and cunning rather
than moral, stoic and intelligent. That is why General Reimer is flailing the Army with his Character Development XXI (“values” collective derived) Seven Core Values,18 and why recruits will now spend an extra week in basic training getting a “values based” brainwash to be reinforced semiannually in group-gropes and self-criticism sessions. As an intellectual agnostic, General Reimer’s pragmatizing about what a wonderful Army it will be when it’s more “diverse” and more feminine is entirely consistent with his fantasy that “young people” who need to be bribed into the Army will take his (essentially) Communist Chinese slogan—Seven Core Values!— seriously at all.
His sloganeering will have a net effect of exactly nothing. Because real values cannot be imposed. You either have them,] or you don’t. Not to worry though. The more dumbed-down the Army becomes the easier it’ll be to get soldiers to chant slogans. And the more desperate the Army gets trying to retain competent soldiers — the “old ones,” who ignore the slogans, and in many cases the chain of command in order to get actual work done (and who are bailing out in droves)—the more bribes they need to offer to the incompetents who enlisted for the bribes in the first place.
The cornucopia of bribes aimed at keeping “America’s brightest young people” in the Army simply staggers the imagination of anybody who’s ever served in the Army before it became a uniformed welfare program. Secretary of Defense, William Cohen, and General Reimer, call these retention bribes Quality of Life.
Quality of Life means that soldiers are “housed” in single-man room “barracks;” complete with
mud rooms so they don’t track field dirt into their “living space” when they rush to tune-in MTV on their cable hook-ups. It means they have access to “stress counseling” when the strain of mshing from the common mud room to their private Telescreen overwhelms their delicate little psyches or something else threatens their “self-esteem.” Quality of Life means “access” to “education opportunities,” on top of the “education benefits” they were bribed into the Army with in the
first place. It means your family will be part of the “Army Community” and be able to sponge off all the neat “benefits” and “entitlements” the “military sponsor” was granted, like “free” socialized medicine. (Dependents have to pay [!] for dentistry; you can’t imagine the hue and cry about that.)
And if you’re a parasite? Well, the sky’s the limit! Go ahead “soldier,” slut around, get pregnant, file a few harassment complaints, and join the Army Family. Special physical training and light “duty” for pregnant parasites is only the beginning. Why, there’s maternity leave, and your always compassionate (i.e., blackmailed) commander willing to let you suckle your Welcome Addition to the Army Family for six months at the direct expense of citizens who are extorted to provide for you and your bastard child. (And if a parasite is particularly clever, she can spend her entire enlistment issuing rug-rats.) Don’t forget the Army’s day care centers, packed with parasite spawn, whose mommy-soldiers spend all day humming the “Be, All That You Can Be” tune from the Telescreen recruiting commercial. I almost forgot the “Well Child” program, which ensures the health of America’s Most Precious Re-
Don’t forget the Army’s day care centers, packed with parasite spawn, whose mommy-soldiers spend all day humming the “Be, All That You Can Be” tune from the Telescreen recruiting commercial.
sources—in other words, those conceived on the carpet of a singled-man room “barracks” while MTV fiddled in the background.
There are more, many more, bribes. The more dumbed-down, “diverse,” and feminized the Army becomes the larger and more widespread the bribes become. Not to attract or keep the dumbed-down, “diverse” and female. They’ll stick around for the free lunch and “opportunities” anyway. Rather, the Army recently offered bonuses of up to $15,000 to men who enlist for the infantry and whose ASVAB scores place them in the upper 15 percentile of recruits. (If the implication of that didn’t just dawn on you, re-check figure 2.)
Why? Because the Army can’t keep infantrymen—specifically, white infantrymen. Why? Because the very bribes that lured minorities into the Army, and the pragmatizing that lured females into the Army, combined with the collectivist-egalitarian equal opportunity agendas that make prima facie criminals of white heterosexual men those policies are expressly targeted against (and who make up the vast majority in ground combat units), drive them out of the Army faster than new ones can be recruited to replace them. Currently, the average strength of rifle platoons in the Army stands at about 60 percent.
Please Come to Attention,
Darn it!
During the 1980s it was called the “Army of Excellence.” Today it is the Army of Pussies. If today’s Army were suddenly transported back in time to 06 June, 1944, and found its equipage to be that of their grandfather’s, the Fcstungtruppen, composed of ad hoc Ostfront convalescents, and the Volksgrendier, comprised of 45 - 60 year old Kaiser’s War veterans, would have ground them into hamburger on the Normandy beachhead. Oh, I know, the Army has all the Best Stuff and is peerless at beating-up on Panamanians, accepting the surrender of arc-light dazed Iraqis, standing by
helplessly while Haitians loot warehouses, or cowering in Bosnian base camps awaiting deliveries of the Latest Countermeasures to nail studded boards wielded by Serbian women. I mean, who else can match our martial prowess over the last two decades?
And what makes the U.S. Army so invincible? Why, basic training of course. Recruits are sent off with a tear and a hanky ^ wave from their bribers. When they get to station they are shepherded off the busses with compassion and respect for their dignity. Kindly “mentors” take them in hand and walk them gendy through the confusing ways of martial de-They’re
meanor.
Drill Mommies who make “trainees” do push-ups for punishment are snitched-offby their more progressive fellow-mentors and severely disciplined, then sent to “mental
minimum PTstandarlA^JJ;
don t, it doesn t matter, because fa?
flabbybodies from graduating” basic training. Especially if they’re parasites, whose bloated carcasses I are immune from discrimination based on “age, pregnancy, or | ethnicity.19” Drill Mommies who make “trainees” do push-ups for punishment are snitched-offby their more progressive fellow-mentors and severely disciplined, then sent to I mental health,” or relieved for cause for “trainee abuse.” If America’s Most Precious Resources come down with the sniffles all they need do is report to their “mentor” and spend the rest of the day on sick-call. They
cause for “trainee abuse.”
given lots of neat health,” or relieved for can then remrn to
----—	9	“training	the	next
day in tennis shoes. And if they’re para-
sites, all they need to
do is put their mouth where their ability to malinger leaves off. No touching, yelling or cursing either! It would be a travesty if the phantasmagoria of government school imbued “self-esteem” of America’s Most Precious Resources was shattered by a cmel drill sergeant who didn’t have “respect” for the “dignity” of his wards.
General Dennis Reimer, Army Chief of Staff, demands: “Soldiers are our credentials.” He’s got one thing right; today’s “soldiers are his credentials. That’s why he needs to implicate everybody else in his smear—to shut them up!
How to Fix Basic Training
First, we need to ask the question, “How did we get here.” That’s relatively easy to answer. In the late 1960s a nihilist-collectivist Negro reserve Judge Advocate General captain wrote a series of regulations implementing the Army s equal opportunity” pro-
stuff and taught how to dress, walk, and talk by kindly “partners” who are charged with a “sacred mist” to guide America’s Most Precious Resources into the Army Family. “Benevolent taskmasters” then gently chide and encourage their charges through “challenging” training designed to stretch the limits of “stress,” which, when reached, earns “young people” a “time-out.” During all this an endless parade of chaplains, equal opportunity representatives, “mental health” counselors and social workers (you didn’t know the Army had uniformed social workers, did you?) stream-by during training to help everybody celebrate their “diversity” and make sure Caucasian men “get it.”
If MTV dazed “precious resources” can’t heave their Cheez-Whiz swollen bodies off the ground—no problem! Weeks of remedial physical training are available-before basic training, “mentored” by understanding fitness trainers who will ensure America’s finest “young people” struggle selflessly to attain the utter
gram and those establishing the Defense Race Relations Institute (now called the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute). About the same time, the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services was being packed with radical feminists. Simultaneously, a Negro congressman from California, whose campaign was financed by numerous Communist front organizations, and whose campaign was endorsed by the Communist Party USA, obtained a seat on the House Armed Services Committee. What are the names of these Destroyers? Secretary of Defense Togo West, former Representative Patricia Schroeder, and Representative Ron Dellums, respectively.
As I said before, collectivists, nihilists, “liberals,” and “progressives” (despite popular beliefs to the contrary) love the military. They know that no matter how ultimately destructive of the military their proposed policies are, apolitical, unprincipled and stupidly obedient generals will not only implement them, but also compel subordinates to chant the appropriate slogans.
So, how to fix basic training (and by logical extension the Army writ large)? Easy answer, eliminate everything now in place. The starting point is to fix the officer to enlisted ratio at 1::8. That would “downsize” the Army by approximately 130,000 useless slot-holders and staff-padders. Good riddance. (Did you know that the Army, at today’s strength of approximately 490,000, has more general officers than it did at the height of Roosevelt’s War, when its strength was about six million, or over 12 times today’s I strength?)
First, eliminate all the bribes, bonuses, and “incentives” that lure mediocrities, incompetents, pragmatizers, and minorities into recruiting offices. Shut down the recruiting school, return current recruiters to duty, and hire hard-bitten, cynical, retired veterans to run the recruiting stations and serve as recruiters. Scrap recruiting “missions” and stop sell-
ing” the Army. And set a single immutable standard for enlistment (a standard explicitly designed to discriminate between “opportunity” seekers and potential soldiers).
Second, eliminate centralized basic and advanced individual training. Adopt a true regimental system (which would eliminate the blatant farce we have now). Allow each regiment to run I a single enlistment station, staffed by the regiment’s own veterans. (Does anybody think the proud veteran of a regiment would allow some backward baseball hat wearing, baggy clothed, droopy-drawered, bopping, dapping, leg-dragging untied sneaker wearer, to | enlist in his regiment?) Allow the non-commissioned officers of the regiment to conduct inductee training according to the standards of the regiment. Eliminate all the puerile prohibitions against hazing, physical contact, swearing, PT as punishment, and “behind the barracks counseling.”
Third, disband DACOWITS and give all the parasites who currently infect the Army with their egalitarian insanity the bum’s rush. Zero out all “jobs” Congress “opened” for them. Shut down “Wellbaby” and “Wellness” welfare handouts. Close all military “day care” centers. Zero out the budget for “women’s health” and breast cancer research. Burn all maternity “uniforms.” Simultaneously expunge the regulations of anything referring to “equal opportunity,” discharge all EO zarnpolit, and demolish the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute. Identify and purge all homosexuals. Discharge all psychiatrists, psychologists, and sociologists.
Fourth, and concurrent with a true regimental system, establish three categories of military service. Category one is Regular20 regiments, with a period of enlistment
of 18 years. Category two are Volunteer regiments, whose periods of enlistment are for six years, followed by 12 years volunteer (i.e. reserve) duty, and whose regimental cadre are composed of Regulars. The third category is Militia, comprised of all “free able bodied... male citizen[s] of the respective states, [resident therein, ...of the age of I eighteen years and under the age of forty-five years”21 who are responsible for their own military grade (contemporaneously, that means select fire. Mr. Heston) firearms and accouterments, “reserving to the States respectively22” their service, including their “Appointment of the Officers,”23 but whose “Authority of training the militia”24 is subject to “the discipline prescribed by Congress,”25 in order that they may be conveniently “employed in the Service if the United States”26 in time of war.
Fifth, prohibit married men from enlisting in the Regulars. Eliminate all concessions for all “dependents” in any case. Return to platoon bay barracks with common showers and “facilities.” Squad Leaders, the Platoon Sergeant, and the Platoon Leader must live in the same barracks with their troops. Put the rifle racks back down the central isle and allow soldiers to buy their permanently assigned rifle at cost when they muster out. Give a Regular or first term Volunteer one footlocker, assign him one wall locker, and permit him ho civilian cloths. Nobody leaves post without a pass. Reduce annual leave to two weeks, which must be taken as “block leave.” Return to the six-day work week.
Sixth, eliminate ROTC. Officer candidates should be selected from the ranks based on merit after their fifth year of service, then assessed for either the United States Military Academy (General Staff) or OCS (command). Eliminate “up or
Eliminate all the puerile prohibitions against hazing, physical contact, swearing, PT as punishment, and “behind the barracks counseling.”
The RESI
at.” If a private soldier wants to jmain a private soldier, let him. crap centralized promotion boards nd return enlisted promotion au-lority to the local commander.
My favorite recruiting poster ad-nonishes the reader to “Think bout it.” So I did. My conclusion vas to rewrite the recruiting poster liscussed at the beginning of this ;ssay to read:
“IF NOT YOU, WHO? America is free and prosperous. That means it has collectivist enemies. What value do you place on your Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness? Are you going to be a mooch and ask somebody else to defend you, or are you going to be a man and take responsibility for your own defense? The Army doesn’t need you—you need the Army. Think about it. Army. We Don’t Need You. (Men only. Not an equal opportunity employer.)”
Will That Happen?
Don’t be silly! Of course it won’t. The Army was bought by collectivists during the mobilization for Roosevelt’s War, refinanced by George Marshal and Dwight D. Eisenhower, and then paid for in full in 1961 when Attorney General Robert Kennedy and President John Kennedy muzzled anti-communism in the Army at the behest of “liberal’* darling, Democrat party financier, labor union president, and Communist Party agitator, Walter Reuther.
Since the early ’60s the Army has been subjected to, and has implemented as trial platform, every conceivable social experiment that has been advanced by “liberals” and “progressives” as “a model for America.” Eventually, every single one of the Army’s “model programs” has been “legislated” into the national consciousness” at federal gun-point. If you don’t believe that, pay strict attention to the “liberal” Establishment’s fawning over the Army's “model ‘wellbaby’ and childcare programs.”

>X*:
I
mmsk

m


mmnSsJKa


mm
mm
LI [«• 1
m
EEifT.1
SSM sj
and the Pursuit of Happiness? Are you going to mooch and ask somebody else to defend you, or are you going to be a man and take responsibility for your own defense? The Army doesn’t need you—you need the Army. ■
Army. We Don’t Need You.
(Men only. Not an equal opportunity employer.)

The last thing the “liberal” Establishment could possibly tolerate is a standing army of hardened freemen defending their lives, liberties, property—and the Constitution that ennobles them—for selfish reasons, against all enemies, foreign and domestic, and commanded by men—not apolitical Stared sycophants glued to the whims of that freak show of “civil rights” agitprop, feminist, and homosexual sideshow exhibits in Washington D.C..
No, the “liberal” Establishment needs a standing army (and a thoroughly federal national guard”) of government schooled, dumbed-down, stupidly obedient, mercenary serfs who care not where, or from whom, their bribes originate.
Well, they’ve got it. They designed it on purpose. And if you value your life, liberty, and property, you should be afeared.
J.FA. Davidson
16
Vol. IV. No. 1
ENDNOTES
lIn recruiterspeak, “mission” is the number of people a single recruiter is tasked to enlist each month. Recruiting Command’s mission is the number of people it is tasked to enlist into the Army each fiscal year. 2World War I. The Resister's policy is to describe the wars that America has been drug into for the sole purpose of expanding federal controls and collectivizing America society by the name of the president who threw away American lives in foreign tribal brawls. Thus “World War I” is Wilson’s War; “World War II" is Roosevelt’s War.
3OED 2nd ed., Vol. IV, 4b. [Hereafter: OED2, (Volume), (cite)].
4OED2, IV, 4a.
sPublic (read government) schools.
6In the meaning of submitting yourself to universal military service. Conscription “has become a general term for methods of compulsory enlistment; but, technically, as distinguished from universal military service, it implies the enrollment by lot of a fixed number of those liable for service, with the option given of procuring a substitute.” (OED2, III, 4.) In the meaning of draft; “spec. (esp. in U.S.), selective conscription." “‘Captain X* Our First Half Million 20 Certain newspapers in discussing the draft... used an unfortunate word. It was ‘conscript’ (OED2, VI, 2.a.1918).
7OED2, XVII, B. Signification.
8OED2, X, 4.
’ibid. 2.
“Who knows? Someday you may have the “service option” of being sacrifice for flyblown savages in Africa, or sacrifice to clean-up after urban savages in America. Please note that my favorite recruiting poster is entirety consistent with General Colin Powell’s (Ret.) obscene notion that the competent, industrious, and productive must volunteer to clean-up after the inevitable mess left by the incompetent, slothful, and unproductive. He, and every other self-debaser, contends that by virtue of living in this “democracy,” it is our “obligation” and “duty,” don’t you know, to present ourselves willingly for servitude. Personalty, given a choice, I’d take the “service option” that comes with a rifle. nThe manipulation of statistics for the expressed purpose of misleading is known as “statisticulation.” See: Darrell Huff. How to Lie With Statistics. (New York, W.W. Norton & Company, Inc. 1954; reissued 1993. (Reviewed in The Resister, Vol. Ill, No.4).
“Richard J. Herrnsein and Charles Murray. The Bell Curve. (New York, Free Press, 1994) p.607.
13ibid, p.608. uibid. p.607.
15One source at HQRecruiting Command, when queried about the racial, ethnic, and
gender statistical break down of AFQT scores for fiscal year ’97, responded, “Don’t go there!”
“Two recruiting districts are allocated the majority of Category IV recruits — Los Angeles and Miami.
17op. cit. p.279.
“See: The Resisted Vol. Ill, No.4, “Reform the Army: End Equal Opportunity.” “Carol Maicki, Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services, (they always work in committees, don’t they?), in a press release issues after the 09 September 1997 DACOWITS meeting, ^he standing army.
21The Militia Act, passed 08 May, 1782, §
1.
22The Constitution: Article I, § 8, clause 17.
23	op cit.
24	op cit.
2Sop cit. That means their training must parallel that received by Regulars. Are you beginning to understand what the Second amendment intended?
26 op cit.
HORROR QUOTES fe	by
D. van Oort
0
If The Resister began issuing a lead die-cast Horror Quotes Award to the imbecile who most plainly uttered, “A is non-A,” thus distinguishing himself most fit to start off the list, this issue’s award would go to Major William Bailey, Fort Bragg, North Carolina, for the intellectual maggot-food you will read immediately below. But, perhaps it’s best we do not issue such awards. The temptation to “airmail” them might just prove too great.
My grandfather came to this country from Scotland... after the Civil War ended.... However, even though I have never owned a slave, nor has anyone in my family, I still recognize my personal complicity in the effects of that horrible system which considered people as nothing more than property.
Major William E. Bailey, Fort Bragg, NC, in a 12 July 1997 opinion piece in the Fayetteville Observer-Times.
This issue’s theme is nihilism vs. justice, and Major Bailey’s “A is non-A” concerns guilt. That concern isn’t whether Major Bailey is saying that non-guilt equals guilt. The fact that he described non-guilt and called it guilt reveals that what he was saying was obvious even to his own atrophied consciousness. And that concern isn’t whether he actually believes what he said, or was simply pandering to the shrieking biomass of sub-sapients who do believe it. Either way, he considers it valid.
My ultimate concern here is that a man can, with a straight-face, pronounce that kind of self-contradiction for the expressed purpose of destroying the innocent because they are innocent, and because he
knows it. (A word to the wise: You should also have grave concern that such a purpose emanates from a U.S. Army field grade officer, but you should be doubly concerned that he was spouting the Army’s EO party line.)
Such willful destruction is nihilism, just as nihilism is willful destruction. Particularly the destruction of value, solely for the sake of destroying value. Not tol erect anything from the rubble, but simply to create that pile of rubble where once stood! something better.
To hate the good for being good, and to hate existence because it exists. Nihilism may or may not have been the end Major Bailey was seeking, but it surely is the end he was serving.
Consider what it means to be innocent of having owned slaves. It means that for whatever reason, the people a man would have otherwise enslaved are free. Which means that those freemen may exercise the virtues required of sapient beings in the pursuit of the values required to live — and want to. Moreover, it means that the innocent man, the non-slaveholder, is also free: he does not try to negate reality by making himself dependent upon others, nor does he destroy them by physically forcing them to be dependent upon his mercy. He thereby (at least on this one issue) is fit to live, to exercise virtues, to pursue values, and perhaps to achieve happiness. To be innocent of enslaving others is to have not destroyed their liberty or
one’s own moral virtue. Moreover it is to not require tribulations and punishments, but to leave everyone free of them as well. In short, for every crime not committed, there are up to several lifetimes worth of value to be potentially gained.
It becomes now more clear what nihilists are destroying when they attempt to destroy the innocent. Because they crave destruction of value more than anything else (nihilists cannot tolerate the existence of anything good, for reasons that are psychopathological and beyond the scope of this publication), the merest possibility of an innocent person exercising virtue, attaining values, and achieving happiness, fills them with a kind of twisted rage. Nihilists are vandals of the psyche, spraying graffiti on the canvas of a man’s soul, and throwing feces at his self-esteem in hopes their victim will join them in doing so. And Major Bailey
did.
If the effects of Major Bailey’s selftreason stopped only at him, we could happily chalk him up to evolution in action, and move on. However, in his attempts to validate nihilism, he grants a pseudo-validity to any horror that any nihilist can dream of, or has dreamt of in the past. Notice that as a result of Major Bailey’s assessment of his own skin pigmentation, and his desire to hop onto the nearest sacrificial pyre to pay for it, that he has now made himself nothing more than property in a twisted relapse back to *that horrible system,” thereby confessing that he can find no alternative to it. I After all, he has pronounced his non-guilt as proof of his guilt, and then turned himself over to any nihilist who wishes to brine him to «• . • » ° justice.
And, however unintentioned, there is justice in that. Not in the
It is the natural working of reality that A is A, that things, people and actions have a nature, and therefore will be treated by the universe accordingly.
nihilism, but in the self-treason required to willfully make yourself a nihilists’ victim. In that sense, it is right that Major Bailey throws himself to the mob. It is right that selfbetrayal brings to a man his own destruction. It is right that if he has enemies because he is innocent, and knowingly placing himself in those enemies^ hands, that they gleefully tear him apart because he is innocent. It is right that if Major Bailey admits to crimes he did not commit, that he suffer for the crime of self-treason — which he did commit. In the long run, he’ll get what he asks for. And that is right. That is justice.
It is the natural working of reality that A is A, that things, people and actions have a nature, and therefore will be treated by the universe accordingly. Major Bailey should suffer whatever his new owners — his punishers — care to subject him to. He should suffer because he will assist them. He will assist them because he has promised, whether for show or for real, that he will serve them well as his own torturer.
And it is justice that Major Bailey thereby saves us any further trouble of doing it for him.
Montgomery, a social worker who heads the St. Paul Board of Education, recited from a long list of offensive behaviors that were reported by educators in six workshops that were held around the state: slamming girls against lockers, cutting crotches out of swimsuits, teasing about body development, using offensive names such as “chick” and “stud, ” using pornographic software in computers and snapping girls bras. They also included sexual assaults and affairs involving both students and teachers.
Article: “Panel OKs Bill to Teach Kids Antiviolence,” Minneapolis Star Tribune, 1992.
If justice is the treatment of A as A, without evasion or mercy, and nihilism is destruction for the sake of destruction, then where
is the justice in that Star Tribune quote, and where is the nihilism? The answer is that there is no justice in it whatsoever, because nihilists willfully attempt to destroy justice wherever it might otherwise be found. (Justice, after all, exists, and is of immense value to the virtuous in pursuing happiness.)
Let’s tally some things up. Presuming the Staff Tribune means “affairs [between] students and teachers [because no other kind is any of our damned business],” then that is the type of vio-lation of trust, abuse of authority, and outright sexual predation that ought to result in the adult spending his next few decades in prison, if he lives
to make it there. (It would be the result, in a culture not run by nihilists.)
Presuming the Star Tribune means “sexual assault [forced genital contact that stops short of penetration],” then it is roughly equivalent to the physical assault of slamming an innocent girl against a locker. Either act is such an unmanly and cowardly initiation of force that it should land the aggressor on the floor as a bloody heap in dire need of emergency surgery. (It would, in a culture not run by nihilists.)
Snapping a girl’s bra (presumably without permission) is a less serious assault that should land the aggressor on the floor as a bloody heap with the warning that next time he will be in dire need of emergency surgery. (It would, in a culture not run by nihilists.)
Cutting up other people’s swimsuits is vandalism and should land the vandal on the floor as a bloody heap with his pockets emptied to pay for what he has destroyed. (It
would, in a culture not run by nihilists.)
Presuming the Star Tribune means “[uninvited] teasing about body development,” then that is a kind of boorish behavior that ascribes moral significance to factors outside of the victim’s control, and therefore as a willful but verbal attempt to create injustice for the victim, should land the jackass on the floor with a busted lip. (It would, in a culture not run by nihilists.)
Presuming the Star Tribune means “using pornographic software [in the school’s computers],” then that is the kind of breach of (implicit) contract that ought to land the breacher in the principal’s office where he is lectured on property rights, and on the fact that he has none in regards to property not his own. (It would, in a culture not run by nihilists.)
“Chick” and “stud” are terms of speech (technically, regardless of the level of thought of any particular speaker), used respectively as an alternative for “female” and a boastful reference to masculine attributes and abilities. At most, it ought to result in the speaker being told to shut up and pay attention to the math lesson. (Note that in a culture run by nihilists, crime is forgivable, but speech which unapologetically identifies things is not.)
Remember that all of those are equally considered “offensive.” If the St. Paul Board of Education had cared one whit to distinguish between the truly offensive nature of a cowardly physical assault and the “offensive” nature of a proud reference to (proclaimed) masculinity, there was no mention of such a distinction anywhere in the article. This was no accident: Somebody wanted there to be no such distinc-
By thereby treating the initiation of force and masculine pride as equivalent, somebody has re-infected the world with the unthinkably nihilistic feminist anti-statement that “all sex is rape,” only this time with a new twist: “All sex, and references to sexual identity, is rape.”
tion mentioned. By thereby treat| ing the initiation of force and masculine pride as equivalent, somebody has re-infected the world with the unthinkably nihilistic feminist anti-statement that “all sex is rape,” only this time with a new twist: “All sex, and references to sexual identity, is rape.”
Which is a blatant attack on identity per se; which is an attack on reality. It is the confessed hatred of existence simply because it exists. To call it “offensive” when a young man recognizes that he and his peers are or are soon to be men, is to call it undesirable that those young men have a specific nature and tne minds to comprehend it to whatever addled degree they can.
What could be more destructive of one’s mind or more blatantly nihilistic than that? What could be a wctse attempt to drive the recognition that A is A—justice—from the interactions of human beings? To take exactly that same nihilism and extend it to adults; as the next quote illustrates.
What do you do if you are running in formation during morning physical training and the person behind you makes the comment, mI like what's shaking in front of me.9 Is this a form of sexual harassment? If you think so What do you do?
Answer: If that comment is directed at you and youfind it inappropriate, tocn it is sexual harassment.
From Paraglide, 22 May 1997.
In the foul sewer of the feminist “mind,” it isn’t enough that justice (treating A as A) is forbidden on a metaphysical level (the branch of philosophy pertaining to the nature of existence), where a word is supposed to be the equivalent of a physical assault. It isn’t enough because no one with a mind that is remotely intact would believe that a word is an assault. The feminist-nihilists’ solution to this problem is simple: Prevent there being any such thing as a mind that is intact.
7MESISTEK
If I rhetorically ask at this point what a “mind” is, the nihilists’ methodology becomes much more dear to anyone who holds the right premises. At a metaphysical level, existence exists. Things are. And because they are, they are something. They exist with a specific identity (or “nature”). To exist is to have identity. And if you are able to consider that statement even clumsily, then you have consciousness. Consciousness is the faculty with the identity of being able to perceive existence. To exist is to have identity, and to be conscious is to identify. One’s mind is simply the medium by which this
...identification of reality is the one
identification takes mental function which inappropriate, then
feminist-nihilist throwbacks do n want exercised by anybody. 0t What do they want in its place> A function which a mind can only perform in those minutes or lifetimes when it is not intact: the function of creating phantasmagoria intended to usurp reality. Phantasmagoria such as “feelings at the moment,” which are to usurp without question any of the facts at hand. Phantasmagoria such as your own feelings at the moment, which usurp without question any of the feelings of the defendant who said __________ whatever you didn’t
” iike> Remember that Paraglide’s words— and Army policy-are, “If... you find it
a* .
intact
place. An| mind is one which is I undamaged so that such identification can take place.
Nihilists cannot tolerate identifica-l tion. Identification is something nihilists must destroy because it is a capacity that exists, is of value, and can be used in the pursuit of happiness. They must destroy your mind because your mind, in turn, can destroy the nihilists’ ability to destroy you. Do nihilists, or do they not, want you to identify “sexual harassment”? They do not, and they say so explicitly.
If “sexual harassment” was identified, then it could only be said to exist when it does exist, not merely when some female “feels” it exists, regardless of whether she “felt” “harassed” under the same circumstances at any other time. If “sexual harassment” was identified, then it could be proven when it existed, or disproven when it did not. In either case the standard of proof would be the known facts of reality; things with identity to which consciousness (meaning mind, meaning thought) refers when making judgments. That is the evolutionary purpose and the sole valid function of consciousness—of a mind that is intact. But identification of reality is the one mental function which
feminist-nihilist throwbacks do not want exercised by anybody.
it is sexual harassment.” [Emphasis added.] By what standard? It doesn t matter. She can simply invent any ____________she likes. Her ‘rationale* won’t even be questioned, but her conclusion will be law.
These phantasms, and all others like them, are contrived alternate sources of “judgment” and motive for action (what feminists call “women’s ways of knowing”). The phantasmagoria of “feelings” are to be consulted in place of any facts of reality which might be brought to bear, and their alleged validity must never be questioned.
Every reader of this column— you who agree, you who don’t, you who are just seeing what we are about, and you who are monitoring us on behalf of whatever government agency—every single one of you should think about this for a moment: If a woman (or a man or a child) creates phantasmagoria which she consults in place of reality, and if she relies upon them as any kind of source of judgment and action, she will obviously be unable to assess reality, and as a result, she will obviously be unable to function within it. If her testimony before an Army equal opportunity inquisition relies upon her phantasmagoria as
her “way of knowing,” in such a situation, her word will be law. But if she sits in front of a psychiatrist, relying on her phantasmagoria as her “way of knowing,” she will be clinically listed as schizophrenic; and if the actions she takes based on her phantasmagorical sources of judgment bring harm to others, including jeopardizing their careers, she can be committed as dangerously insane!
Think about that. And realize it’s the naked essence and final result of what I mean by destruction of the mind, of the faculty whose evolutionary purpose and only proper function is to perceive reality. But enshrining insanity is not the full extent of nihilism demonstrated by Paraglide. It gets even worse with the demand that the insane be given unquestioned control over those around them. Literally: Nihilists want the inmates to run the asylum. Such nihilists serve double-duty as insane and as enablers for others of their kind. Just as the enabler of an alcoholic is anybody in his proximity who rationalizes away his drinking, the philosophical enabler of a nihilist is the witch-doctor who proclaims that life is absurd, that values are unachievable, and that happiness is unobtainable. Some gyno-tribalist in the witch-doctor’s herd then decides that it must be just hunky-dory to make it her life’s mission to flush innocent human beings down her feminist toilet and into the lowest bowels of nadir.
It is my contention that a Review Board, with assistance from trained psychologists whose normal work takes place outside the military womb, should closely examine how it is that schizophrenics attain po- I sitions within the military as Equal Opportunity zampolit.
If [our soldiers] read this, they'll start thinking about these things.
Lieutenant General James T. Scott, former commanding general, US Army Special Operations Command, to his command group, prior to launching The Witch Hunt for The Resister in 1995 (which he de-
nied publicly; in other words, lied about).
If the alternatives for soldiers are thoughtful consideration of the roles they are assigned, as well as the reason for them, versus blind schizophrenia in service to nihilism, then consider very carefully which of them Lieutenant General Scott stands for, and what type of military you serve given that his kind is setting its course.
As the world's only superpower, the United States must shoulder such responsibilities simply because no one else is capable of doing it. It is a moral duty; there is no higher calling than that of peacemaker or peacekeeper.
From an unsigned editorial by the editorial collective of the Fayetteville Observer-Times, 25 July, 1997, enthusing over 3d Special Forces Group (Airborne) training of African militaries for the African Crisis Response Initiative (a United Nations “initiative.”)
Consider the meaning of the Observer-Times' quote just by itself. The stated premise is: peacemaking and peacekeeping is a moral duty for those who are capable of it.
But if one is honest enough, one will realize that their stated premise is just a deliberately vague way of hinting at what they dare not say outright: That “saving” fly-ridden primitives and genocidal tribalists from their own willful vices and proven unfitness to live is more important than the rights to life and pursuit of happiness exercised by those who are virtuous humans making good and peaceful use of their evolutionary adaptations and niche.
Now, consider the meaning of that; id est, those who are demonstrably unfit to live are to be artificially spared from the just result of their unfitness. Those who are de-
manded to spare them are to be enslaved for that purpose, if need be, because “no higher calling,” including that of an innocent individual’s pursuit of his own happiness, is to be regarded as more important. The good, the right, the successful, and the winners are to be enslaved to the vices of the bad, the wrong, the failures, and the losers.
And the nihilists who make up the Fayetteville Observer-Times editorial collective know it, perhaps every bit as well as The Resister does. They and we both know that “peacekeeping” is not necessary between England and France, where people are mostly civilized. They and we both know that it is needed in Bosnia. It is needed in Africa. It is needed on dirty little islands run by transplanted Africans. They and we both know that the US Army is expected to sacrifice our lives because we are fit to live, and that savages are to collect our sacrifice because they are not.
The Fayetteville Observer-Times and The Resister both know that such an obscenity is the punishment of those who achieve values precisely because they have achieved values. They and we both know that it is nothing less than the enslavement of the virtuous precisely because they have been virtuous. They and we both know that they wish the self-destruction of the successful pre-cisely because we have been successful (which is why the United Nations looks only to the most successful— America—to find their “peace” slaves).
The Fayetteville Observer-Times and The Resister both know that it is not the genocidal savages who are to be prohibited from shooting, but the soldiers of civilized countries who are to be prohibited from shooting back. They and we both know that such an unthinkably evil inversion defines no examples and makes no precedent that could be learned from by savages, even if they were to embark on a rightful quest
...a ^z&cz-keeper is the only solution for those expected to remain barbaric and savage.
The RESISTER
to understand justice and become civilized. They and we both know that if a peace- maker is the only solution for barbarism and savagery, then a peace-keeper is the only solution for those expected to remain barbaric and savage.
The Fayetteville Observer-Times and The Resister both know—but only The Resister will say—that what the United Nations and the US State Department seeks is not to achieve anything good, but only to destroy the good for the sake of destroying it.
Remind yourself, and anyone else who needs reminding, that that is the “cause” for which your parents are extorted to pay “taxes,” for which your son is expected to die, and which is supposed to be the “moral duty” constituting a “higher calling” than their lives, liberties, or pursuit of happiness, or as a soldier, your own.
And if those foregoing facts do not bother the people who come to understand them, then they are the type of persons fit to be a “peacemaker” or “peacekeeper.”
We say a nice home and lots of money are symbols of success. But to Indians,, it is the other way around Success isn’t what you have, it's what you ve given away. The most revered member of the tr ibe may be the poorest, because giving away increases your stature. We shouldplace greater value on what we contribute to society rather than what we accumulate.
Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell (R - CO), 104th Congress
We’ve seen a scratch on the surface of what nihilism means in the military, and we’ve seen how some nihilists seek to enslave our military and the citizenry that funds it for the sake of failure abroad. The next rung down is to promote that same kind of failure domestically among we the people. To see this most clearly, begin by considering that if justice is still the treatment of A as A, without evasion or mercy, then what must be the meaning of a nice home
and money being symbols of success?
The meaning is that a man’s mind has fulfilled its evolutionary purpose: that of being his particular adaptation which allows him to live. The meaning is that his primary virtue, his willful use of his mind, has been exercised well, as have many of the secondary virtues such as hard work and productivity. I The meaning is that he has used his mind and exercised his virtues in the successful pursuit of that which he claims to be his values. And the meaning of that, if his claim about what his values are is true, is that he has achieved at least some measure of happiness. No, he did not buy happiness with his money; he bought happiness with the same tues and sweat with which he also earned his money.
Those virtues and sweat are the requirements of productivity. His nice home and money show that he has been productive. Indeed, unless he is a criminal (who could never maintain a nice home or stack of money even if lucky enough to briefly have control over them), everything this man has is what was “given away” to him by his customers in voluntary trade for what he in turn “gave away” to them. Every product or service bought from him by anybody, including the very worst communists or nihilists, is a confession on their part (and outright proof) that such a man does indeed “contribute to society.” He contributes the best he has to offer: the products of his mind, his virtues and his sweat.
And those are the standards he expects of others. He doesn’t care to foster and reward the worst, the stupid, the vicious, or the lazy, by “giving away” to them. A man can “give” to anybody, but can only sell
But what about the workings of nihilism, which is destruction for the sake of destruction? What does it mean when an evolutionary, moral and social success is criticized and brought down for his mind, virtues, sweat—and success?
to those who have somethh^^ fer in return. The virtuous man rewards virtue in others by trading with them, and they reward him in exactly the same manner. Each responds to the best in the other, each rewards the other, and each makes himself and the other stronger. That, too, is how he “contributes to society.” And it is through those
contributions that he acquires a nice home and lots of
money.
When it comes down to fundamentals, his success is that of an individual member of a particular species which was born on a remote planet in an outer arm of an average spiral galaxy buried in a cluster of others like it. He did exacdy what he, as a lifeform, is supposed to do: He lived suc-cessfully. It is a stark, unmitigated, and politically incorrect fact that such a man is an evolutionary success of the kind that most members of most species, and many species in earth’s history (including all of those labeled “endangered”) are not . He walked up to reality and carved from it’s heart the nice home and the money that he properly enjoys. Those things are not the “symbols” of his virtues and success; they are the results. It is right that he have them. It is A acting as A. It is justice. That is the meaning of a nice home and money being “symbols” of success.
But what about the workings of nihilism, which is destruction for the sake of destruction? What does it mean when an evolutionary, moral and social success is criticized and brought down for his mind, virtues, sweat—and success?
It means that the nihilist’s “mind is not fulfilling its evolutionary purpose, not charting its values and the virtues needed to attain them, and that it has no bearing on
22
Vol. IV, No. 1
his extinction (and the sooner the better).
Were we morally able to answer such a plea from someone who has not first initiated force or fraud, we would be happy to do so just to rid a rather nice universe of the human vermin that lurk under rocks within it. Such an end would be the result of that vermin’s willful vices, chosen failure, and much-beloved destruction. It is right that the nihilist who lives by destruction, should die by being hunted down and destroyed. It would be the treating of A as A. It would be justice.
Now consider the statements
made by Mr. _______________________________
Nighthorse. “Success isn’t what you What made Europeans
have, it's what more fit to live (and youve given away.	x
The most revered member of the tribe may be the poorest.” Because he is but the simple fact that
very clear that he they adhered (however
means given away . J c .
and not “traded imperfectly), to higher
away,” his standard standards more befitting of success is how ri.r • i
or lire in the universe
therefore to conquer) wasn’t their skin color,
successfully you fail at acquiring the things you need to live in the universe.
His standard of value is how close to death you allow yourself to remain.
His standard of virtue is how little of it you require of —■ yourself and those you “give away” to. His standard of happiness is how thoroughly you renounce any method of achieving it. His preferred approach to living as a successful creature is to denounce
than any Indian of the day, many Indians since, or any nihilist anywhere in space-time has ever cared to attain—or ever will.
the pursuit of happiness, but only on the pursuit of misery. It means that the nihilist has achieved at least some measure of it, and he did not buy it with his poverty. He bought his misery with the same vices and laziness with which he also earned his poverty.
The nihilist’s vices and laziness are the requirements of worthlessness. Anything the nihilist has is likely to have been “given” to him by others, not in trade, but through the extortion of those who have better things to do than “trade” something for nothing (nothing being all a nihilist has to offer in return). “Without forced taxation,” communists and nihilists say, “nobody would pay taxes for social programs.” (Damned straight!) A nihilist does not contribute to society. He seeks only :o destroy it through the worst he has to offer: the twisted nightmares of his dilapidated mind, his vices, and his laziness.
And those are the standards he expects of others. He cares only to foster and reward the worst by such things as “giving away” to them, and always by giving away what was not his in the first place. The vicious man rewards vice in others by making honest, rewarding trade impossible. The nihilist and his free-lunch followers make each other weaker, and then demand more sacrificial offerings from more innocent victims to keep them alive, so they can continue the destruction they “contribute” to society. It is through those “contributions” that they acquire misery and poverty for themselves and for everybody else who would rather obey them than kill them.
When it comes down to fundamentals, a nihilist is a failure, doing exactly what he, as a lifeform, is not supposed to do: Live wrongly. Such a piece of biological detritus would be an evolutionary freak if he could blame his genes for his condition. But he cannot, for his genes allow him freewill, but do not ordain the course he takes thereafter. His backward attempt at life-via-destruction is a plea to some more successful lifeform to bring about
success.
Meanwhile, the actual requirements of living in the universe have not changed. So consider that according to Mr. Nighthorse’s own standards, his chosen ecological niche is that of the evolutionary loser who will be deservedly swept aside by any other lifeform more fit to live.
Which is exactly what happened over a century ago when just such superior lifeforms encountered his tribe after crossing an ocean his ancestors had never heard of (and certainly couldn’t have figured out how to navigate) during untold thousands of years of having this continent, and all of its vast untapped resources, to themselves and their peers. What made Europeans more fit to live (and therefore to conquer) wasn’t their skin color, but the simple fact that they adhered (however imperfectly), to higher standards more befitting of life in the universe than any Indian of the day, many Indians since, or any nihilist anywhere in space-time has ever cared to attain —or ever will.
And that, too, (subjugating savages and conquering a continent) is A being A. That too, is justice. It is justice regardless of the	chosen
lifestyles of dirt-worshipping primitives, who willfully abandoned their rightful ecological niche as sapient humans for the mindless niche of the animals they were then treated as. It is justice regardless of the pronouncements of life-hating nihilists who’s closest thing to the pursuit of happiness is the temporary glee they find in destroying it.
So let there be no misunderstanding. In one fashion or another, justice will sneak up on the nihilists even as they are so hell-bent to destroy it, and reality will grind primitives under heel. It would be a beautiful thing, a spectacle fit for the enjoyed viewing of those who permit themselves to understand it, if the existence of primitivism and nihilism weren’t so damned ugly and
hideously unnecessary in the first place.
The United States has less than 5 percent of the worldspeople, enjoys 22 percent of the worlds wealthy but emits more than 25 percent of the worlds greenhouse gases. We must begin now to take out our insurance policy on the future.
President William Jefferson Clinton, at a speech given to the National Geographic Society, Washington, D.C., 22 October, 1997
Speeches made by US Presidents are very carefully crafted, and they certainly should be. Off-the-cuff remarks are not appropriate when one is the single most powerful man on the planet speaking to an audience about his intended use of that power. Teams of experts weigh each word very carefully for its impact, and no word in such a speech is accidental.
This is even more true when some of those statements are purposefully designed to be a soundbyte, a single-breath summary of the President s entire position on an issue. This particular soundbyte ran twice in a row on Bloomberg “Informational” Television when I heard it. How many times did it run when you heard it? Weve all heard it. We were supposed to; again and again. It was designed to start off as a soundbyte, and thereafter to become a mantra. A verbal poster of Big Brother to hang in your mind so you can find it whenever you need comforting.
So, we can rest fitful that President Clinton means every word and every implication in that mantra, and that he means for them to be believed. He cannot weasel out from under the boom that is about to be lowered on him here.
Bill Clinton’s words are not about pollution. They are a series of images that his team of experts deliberately strung together to make you feel indignant. To make you want to hang Big Brother in your
The RESISTEK
pursing happiness through his production. Not to mention the fact that if he produces more, he becomes wealtier.
What’s that got to do with the problem of pollutants? Bill Clinton brought it up, so ask him. (Of course, I’ll have to tell you because he won’t. But one of his pretended opposition who can address him directly really ought to ask. Just to put him on the spot. Just to find out .how he proposes to destroy America.) The fact that Americans have 22 percent of the total
mind as the cure. Bill Clinton’s statements are about inequality.
That is why they cite percentages in an escalating scale. You are supposed to feel indignant about how disproportionate those percentages conclude: Five percent of people have twenty-two percent of wealth and emit twenty-five percent of “greenhouse gasses.”
Clinton’s primary concern—insofar as what is necessary to the structure of a man- ■ ■ ■ tra—isn’t that we
emit those alleged So who are these
pollutants. If that polluting thieves we are
was all he meant his *	t-----------
words would be supposed to scream at wealth in the world|
confined to that, during OU1* Two Minutes *s certainly irrel-(For refutation of	~	,	«	evant to any rational
words which are Hate. 1 hey are the undertaking to stop
confined to that, see disproportionate. They pollution. But its Trashing The Planet	,	*	inclusion was not
by Dixy Lee Ray, or	those	who are not accidenta—nothing
Rational Readings on among the ninety-five in a presidentially-EnvironmentalCon-	.	ra^t	u>	»	delivered mantra is.
ttms edited by Jay Percent of the world s His mantra wasn’t Lehr.) His primary underachievers and about pollution to
concern isn’t that we r *i__^ begin with, it was
emit more of them fadures- They are the toP about inequality, than anyone else, five percent. They are Consider the im-
"IT vefypl""ly you and I. They are we *&erY us'd to 'on'
that the rest of the J	J	jure indignation
world emits three who dare to achieve. about that inequal-
times more than Who dare to be unequal. “The United America.	s-•	States has less than
Bill	“"five percent of the
Clinton’s primary concern is that we emit more than anyone else—per capita. He doesn’t like that. You’re not supposed to either.
But think about it for a moment. If we emit more pollutants per individual, a reasonable conclusion is that we produce more. What’s not to like about that? Plenty, if one is a nihilist at war with his ecological niche in the universe. The fact that it is production instead of destruction; the fact that production is the result of virtues and sweat; the fact that those virtues and sweat are driven by a willful mind; and the fact that such a mind exists. Moreover, the fact that such a mind has defined for itself a set of values; the fact that values exist; the fact that the man with that mind is achieving them; and the fact that he is
world’s people, [but] enjoys twenty-two percent of the world’s wealth.” Although he admits in his own statements that we produce more, he and his team of experts (always very careful about what they say to the masses and what they don’t) made very certain to not say that we have earned that twenty-two percent. They said that we merely “enjoy” it. And they opted to not describe that twenty-two percent as the percent of total wealth in the world. They deliberately called it “the world's wealth.” [Emphasis added.]
So who are these polluting thieves we are supposed to scream at during our Two Minutes of Hate? They are the disproportionate. They are those who are not among the ninety-five percent of
“the world’s” underachievers and failures. They are the top five percent. They are you and I. They are we who dare to achieve. Who dare to be unequal.
We are who we are supposed to be indignant about—indignant enough to hang Big Brother on any wall of our mind blank enough to have room. We are demanded to punish ourselves for the crime of inequality, and to vilify ourselves for the virtues which keep us unequal. We are to hate ourselves for being good.
That is the inequality that President Clinton’s mantra is all about. And you can see that it has nothing to do with pollution. Nihilism never solved that problem, or any other, and never will. (Pollution can be properly thwarted by protection of property rights. No one has the right to throw garbage on property they don’t own.)
What little freedom our industrialists have left will disappear long before the pollution does. That poster in your mind does not show Big Brother in a pristine garden under pure blue skies. It shows him operating the wrecker that demolishes the last factory on this continent, while being applauded by a dirty band of primitives who are indistinguishable from any band of primatives in nations which do not produce “greenhouse gases.” Or anything else.
Religious freedom would not mean much to Catholics if they were not allowed to use winefor mass. Such freedoms would not seem real to Muslims ifthey wereforbidden to make the pilgrimage to Mecca or to pray in a mosque. In order to have religious freedom people must have access to the places and means of worship; without thatfundamental right their [sic] is no freedom of religion.
Jack Weatherford, professor of anthropology at Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota
Here is an attempt by a nihilist to unleash in this country the same tribal warfare that the Observer-Times ex-
pects us to serve abroad, and which always follows the kind of self-hatred touted by Nighthorse and Clinton. Jack Weatherford is further proof that nihilists do not seek to civilize the savage, but to make savage the civilized.
Professor Weatherford’s status as an enemy of civiliza-tion is without doubt. But how is it that he can admit to what I accuse him of and (presumably) still have students willing to come to his classes? How could he say so openly something so wrong, and fool people so completely?
Allow me to create a hypothetical reader of this column; one who does |_ not always take the time to read the lines (or especially between them) as well as he should. This hypothetical reader’s hypothetical reaction to my very real statements will show Weatherford’s very real method.
“Oh, come on, van Oort. This guy’s just talking about freedom of religion. Don’t you believe in that? It’s in the Bill of Rights! Don’t you like the Bill of Rights anymore? Are you some kind of anti-American who wants a single official religion andpersecution of all the others?”
That would be the reaction from someone who is intellectually obedient. You see, Professor Weatherford deliberately referred to freedom of religion to throw people off track. To keep the obedient from noticing something he did not want them to notice. He knows perfectly well that for the kind of “right” to “freedom of religion” which he proposes, other actual rights have to be violated and other legitimate freedoms have to be lost.
For example: If an Indian tribe has the “right” to “reclaim” your property so they can worship a painted rock on it, your right to your property has just been violated. If the “means of worship” for some
Muslim terrorist group happens to reside within your private archeology collection, your right to your property and to freely associate have just been negated. If your Christianity tells you that it is wrong to provide service to the devil, then your legitimate right to freedom of religion has just been nullified when your barn, and the blood of your calves within, become the “places and means of worship” for your friendly neighborhood Satanic cult.
However, because his proposal requires the violation of rights, he decided to say that he was advocating rights. Because his proposal depends on the loss of freedom, he felt it best to claim that it was pro-freedom. Because his proposal is contradictory to everything in the Bill of Rights, he decided to claim (for his execration) the sanction of the Bill of Rights. That way, any anti-social individualist types who might oppose him will, by default, be silenced about discussing rights, because he mentioned them first. Individualists will cower from the issue of freedom, because that was the issue Mr. Weatherford brought up first. They won’t talk about the Bill of Rights, because that is part of his argument, not theirs. (Which is precisely the way “conservatives” are consistently bent-over and ‘used’ by “liberals.”)
Mr. Weatherford’s proposal is evil—and he means it to be. But his semantics are nothing more than bluster, his method of convincing people is nothing more than a big ugly vacuous bluff, and he doesn’t tailor that bluff to minds who will examine it, but only to the intellectually obedient who will follow wherever he can make them “feel” he means. After all, if he says his idea is respectful of rights and com-atible with freedom, then it must e so. And all of the horrors of all
However, because his proposal requires the violation of rights, he decided to say that he was advocating rights. Because his proposal depends on the loss of freedom, he felt it best to claim that it was pro-freedom.
i rje ivi/jij i j-fiv
those other cultures who don’t respect rights and freedom as much as Professor Weatherford, just simply can’t happen here.
Of course, The Resister is rather defiant. We call bluffs. Besides, we could see his cards anyway. We know how such intellectual scams work.
Would you like to know why I called Mr. Weatherford yet another nihilist trying to unleash the same savagery here as his kind have released abroad, and thereby having identified themselves as enemies of civilization? It wasn’t just his obvious desire to violate rights, or even to do so in the typical Orwellian fashion of naming things (“non-A”) by their opposites (“A”). The reason he is a nihilist, inimical to proper human living, is due to the result he seeks via nis deceptions, but dares not tell you about up front.
What would be the result if tribal mysticism is considered a right, while private property, free association, and true freedom of religion are not? What will be the result if primitive mysticism forms the basis for group affiliation and human interaction, but reason, rights, and the Constitution do not? What has been the result, in the middle east and elsewhere, contemporaneously and historically, when opposing tribes of ancestor-worshippers operate on exactly that basis and suddenly realize they have no way to communicate with each other except through centuries of blind intertribal warfare? What will be the result when those constantly war-ring factions of mystics lay tribal claim to the same piece of property? For instance; yours? (Will Professor Weatherford then advocate that U.N. “peacekeeping” forces invade U.S. soil to ostensibly quell the disturbance he helped create? If he does, will there be any country left that will be civilized enough to “have the capability” of doing so? If there is, will it be able to save Mr. Weatherford before he twists in the wind under a lamp post?)
That is what makes Mr. Weatherford a nihilist: His desire to destroy the good for the sake of
destroying the good. Primitive tribal warfare is just the poster-child he holds up in his quest to do so.
Ask yourself what other possible quest could be un-^ dertaken by a professor	of
anthropology; a “man” of presumably high intelligence whose sole claim to usefulness is his knowledge of primitive tribal mystics, when he appears not to understand the results of primitive tribal mysticism.
When such a “man” acts as though he were that stupid and that ignorant, you can be certain that he is covering up something much worse.
For nonviolent crimes such as theft... [racial] nullification is an option that the [Negro] juror should consider.... A juror might vote for acquittal for example, when a poor woman stealsfrom Tiffany's, but not when the same woman steals from her next-door neighbor.
Paul Butler, associate professor at the George Washington University Law School, a Negro “lawyer” who declares that his goal as a “law professor” is to subvert the present criminal justice system.
If the previous quote from Professor Weatherford didn’t bring nihilism home to roost, this one certainly will. But the reason why Butler’s statements are so vile, even in a collection of vile statements, may not be immediately apparent.
Sure, Butler is a blatant racist trying to sacrifice the winners to the losers, even to the point of eating their hearts over the altar of melanin. That’s nothing new. Sure, Butler is a devoted Marxist trying to “redistribute wealth” in the only manner Marxists have ever tried: By the Communist Manifesto’s criminal incitement, ‘beat them up and
take their stuff.’ Big deaLSu^T ler is just another Negro nihilist who tries to rationalize away the behavior of those of his race with a proclivity for barbaric behavior, blames it on Caucasians, then willfully manipulates legal institutions for the expressed purpose of destroying them. He’s last century’s Reconstruction newsflash.
Sure, Butler’s avowed aim of subverting our legal system by the poisonous, blatandy racist corruption of the jury system in the most elegant legal system ever devised by man, is indeed a new twist on a very old nihilism and a very important one. Not to this column’s consideration of nihilism per se, but to its consideration of justice prima facie.
These things are important, but not to this column’s theme of nihilism as the gleeful attempt to incinerate justice. Observe instead that most of what has been said in the foregoing about the other quotes is more true here, with the addition of at least 10 nasty little facts that reveal that swine Butler as even more degenerate than all of the other nihilists discussed above combined.
1.	Butler openly confesses that he seeks the destruction of any moral or legal pretenses of justice by setting up two classes of people who are to have two respective sets of rights: Losers who are to have all the rights precisely because they are losers, and winners who are to have no rights precisely because they are winners.
2.	That swine Butler’s embrace-ment of nihilism is so brazen, and he believes it so above reproach, that he feels no need to make any pretense whatsoever at applying a positive sheen to a negative—which Major Bailey did, at lease, by advocating the destruction of the inno-
Butler is just another Negro nihilist who tries to rationalize away the behavior of those of his race with a proclivity for barbaric behavior.... He’s last century’s Reconstruction newsflash.
Vol. IV, No. 1
cent under the pretense of acknowledging the immorality of slavery.
3.	Butler’s hatred of justice is so thoroughgoing, and he must believe it so commonplace among his followers and intended victims, that he makes no pretense whatsoever at wishing to bring justice to any particular thief; not even by packagedealing a crime like theft with a “crime” like saying the word “stud,” and then damning both in the ostensible pursuit of justice—which is Minneapolis Star Tribune felt obligated to affect.
4.	His regard for his fellow humans is so utterly absent that he makes no pretense at achieving his nihilism even via the trivial smokescreen of eliminating any perceived “harassment” against them —which even Paraglide thought it best to be publicly seen doing.
5.	Butler’s antipathy for standards of human action and interaction is so overpowering that he makes not even the slightest pretense at desiring any enforceable discipline among his throngs of followers—although LTG Scott at least considered discipline among his own followers in the military to be worth paying lipservice to.
6.	Paul Butler’s affected veneer of civilized behavior is so transparently thin that he doesn’t see fit to even pretend to desire “peace,” or the making of it, or the keeping of it. Nor does he think it necessary to maintain any kind of “moral duty” or “high calling” pretense—which even the Fayetteville Observer-Times had the residual decency to consider necessary when addressing human beings.
7.	Butler is so bothered by the prospect of anything good that he advocates the stick of failure without even the pseudo-carrot of being “revered” by one’s tribe, or of “contributing” anything whatsoever to society—things which even Ben Nighthorse saw fit to dangle in front of his own intended victims.
8.	“Law professor” Paul Butler so despises the successful that his call to punish them is made without any false charges that they have harmed others in their achievement of val-
ues—charges that even Bill Clinton and his team of professional doublespeakers saw fit to hide their real meaning behind.
9.	In fact, Butler’s hatred of morality is so utter, and so absolute that he doesn’t even care to proclaim that people are morally accountable for their chosen beliefs,■ tribal affiliations, or willful activities. He proclaims instead that they are to be morally ‘rewarded’ or ‘punished’ by the sole fact of their unchosen skin color—which is a big step below Professor Weatherford’s claim that people are to be morally ‘punished’ or ‘rewarded’ based on a tribal primitivism which they willfully choose to maintain.
10.	Butler avers no pretense to liberty in his quote, nor need he ever attempt mentioning the Bill of Rights. Everything he has been known to say is openly hostile to the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, the U.S. Code, and every possible manifestation of justice which falls under the concept of law. But he can do that. He has a degree; that makes him smart. He wrote a book; that makes him an authority. He’s Negro; that makes him unquestionable.
Butler is a professional Destroyer. He offers pure nihilism, undiluted with any pretense to anything of value, no matter how fake such pretenses might be. The nihilism he offers reveals what he thinks of his victims, his zombie throngs, and himself. The unmitigated way in which he describes it in front of his entire audience reveals what he thinks about his entire audience.
“Lawyer” Butler—and wouldn’t you just know it, he’s a “professor” —has finally gone where people like you and I only mention in the con-
text of “if we sink this low today, how degraded can we become tomorrow?”
The only way Paul Butler, “professor” of “law” could go lower is by being shoveled six feet under after he tries implementing his proposal on someone like me. All those who would destroy the legal system of this country would be well advised to bear in mind that the act of destroying what protects me from you, is also the act of destroying what protects you from me. And there is
that
Butler—“law professor,” gutter racist, open advocate for others of his tribe who would destroy our justice system on racial grounds— exists at all, is an indictment against the nihilists who produced every mystic, collectivist, altruist and statist philosopher (all the way back to Kant) who unleashed into the world the “critique” of pure reason, and its natural slaves like Butler.
But the fact that Paul Butler can vomit the lowest bile from the lowest sewer in the lowest ghetto onto the highest and most noble system of law yet devised in several thousand years of human history, and can do so in several forums that willingly turn themselves over to him for the purpose, and who has thus far succeeded without being disbared, losing his university position, or meeting any serious intellectual or tactical opposition, is an indictment against every single one of us who has ever seen evil and refused to resist it using whatever means at our disposal!
The fact
But the fact that Paul Butler can vomit the lowest bile from the lowest sewer in the lowest ghetto onto the highest and most noble system of law yet justice in that, devised in several thousand years of human history... is an indictment against every single one of us who has ever seen evil and refused to resist it using whatever means at our disposal!

COMMENTARIES
FROM READERS
0
Pennsylvania Soviet Socialist Republic
by
Alvin York
Your double tap, “I Hate Lib erals” and “The Clinton-Gore Blueprint for Totalitarianism” prompted me to illustrate how totalitarianism is alive and well in South Central Pennsylvania, a so-called conservative Republican stronghold.
The Carlisle Police Department sponsors a Police Explorer Post and began using 16 and 17 year old Boy Scouts to entrap store owners. Police cited two 18 year old convenience store clerks for selling cigarettes to minors after they failed to check to Scout’s identification. The police lieutenant in charge of the post justified the operation, saying tobacco poses a public health risk. The mayor, in a letter to the editor, wrote The Children were never in any danger during their lesson on entrapment. Police even had the parents’ permission. Parallels to the Young Pioneers are obvious.
Think you must drive erratically to be stopped for driving under the influence? Not so in Cental P.S.S.R.. Here sheriff deputies, state and local police used federally funded overtime to stop all traffic on selected roads. Motorists are asked if they have been drinking, their destination, and are engaged in compulsory idle chit-chat to determine “sobriety." Some who complain have their cars field stripped. Usually 2 percent or fewer are processed for suspected DUI, but up to 20 percent (based on their released figures) are cited for minor infractions. At roughly SI00 per citation, this is a real gold mine for the departments, the state, district justices and local governments!
Want to apply for or renew your concealed carry permit? Be certain you have paid the local nuisance taxes. No longer satisfied with weeding out felons and the insane, the office of the Cumberland County Sheriff checks all local tax records, ostensibly to make sure you are really a resident.
Our “leaders” in the state legislature want to make it illegal for anyone under the age of 13 to ride in the front seat of a ........
car because of the
danger air bags pose If “the people” in this
to The Children, area are typical of the lhis state govern-	.
ment dictate is in re-	nation... [fjew
sponse to the federal question authority, let mandate requiring *	.	«t	>
these same air bags. 3lone a tax notice. It S departments that
For our “safety,” and the law” is the for the sake of The ,	.	„	.
the stupidly obedient
chant whenever a
Don’t plan on selling your home until it has passed a state mandated radon test. If it fails, be prepared to spend thousands of dollars to seal and ventilate your basement—so the new owners will not be “at risk” for lung cancer.
I have lived in South Central Pennsylvania for almost 15 years. If “the people” in this area are typical of the nation, we are already in lock-step with the Bridge to the 21st Century. Few question authority, let alone a tax notice. “It’s the law” is the mantra the stupidly obedient chant whenever a “troublemaker” does raise a question. So long as the local Yuppies can still pile The Children into their mini-vans for soccer practice and the Good 01’ Boys can still hunt deer every winter, what the heck? They can live with just a little totalitarianism. The same police
Children, the number of “compliance checks” will be increased.
P.S.S.R.’s “moderate republican” ____________
governor has agreed to implement the Environmental Protection Agency’s new draconian air pollution regulations and expand the number of counties they will effect. This will require my cars, wood stove, gasoline powered lawn and garden equipment to adhere to the same stringent inspection standards as in Philadelphia, even though I live in a rural
“troublemaker” does raise a question.
area surrounded by thousands of acres of orchards! Why? Because he wants the state to continue receiving federal highway welfare.
Plan to light up a fine cigar while driving with your child? Sorry; it will soon be illegal to smoke in your car if The Children are present. P.S.S.R. courts have already ruled that our cars are extensions of our homes, which are being eyed for “regulation” by the smoking police.
anything about the relatively few (by metropolitan standards) murders, drive-by shootings and open drug deals _____________ have	unlimited	resources for Young Pioneers to entrap store clerks and set up checkpoints on roads. These “public safely” operations are safer and much more lucrative than
more
eliminating society’s violent predators. Just to show how tough they are, local police stage media photoops when they have mass apprehensions of “deadbeat dads.”
The only response to an inprogress armed robbery ended with the first officer on the scene being killed when he charged the store without back-up. This supports my theory that this region’s police expect compliance, not violence, from the Obedient they police. They are incapable of dealing with violent street crime, so in reality, that makes them little more than armed, uniformed tax collectors.


Deja Vous All Over Again
by
Gordon Trenchard
Observing Republican Robert Dole’s 1996 challenge against Democrat William Clinton was somewhat reminiscent of the 1917 power struggle between Menshevik Alexander Kerensky and Bolshevik Vladimir Ilych Ulyanov (popularly known as Lenin).
Three characters influenced (directly or indirectly) the Clintons.
In 1869, Michael Bakunin, a former nobleman and artillery officer in the Czar’s army, collaborated in the authorship of the book Catechism with Sergei Nechaiev, son of an Orthodox priest. That book became the handbook for all Russian revolutionaries and still is the formulary for Marxist power seekers. The essence of Catechism is “Ev-erything which promotes the success of revolution is moral, everything which hinders it is immoral. That book directly influenced our third (and most evil) character, who created the most murderous regime in history; Vladimir Lenin.
Dole’s hero was Alexander Kerensky. Kerensky was briefly the Prime Minister of the Russian Pro-visional Government in 1917. Kerensky was a “moderate” socialist. Perhaps had he managed to keep the Duma in power Russia and the world might have been spared immeasurable misery and simply suffered from economic boils.
Bob Dole and Alexander Kerensky are quite comparable in character and predicament. Dole also is a socialist, but not utterly immoral like Lenin and Clinton.
Kerensky probably had no idea that Lenin and the Bolsheviks had so much control of the press. Like Kerensky, Dole faced a hostile press. In Dole’s case however, there was no excuse. He knew the press and media were willing lackeys of the
Democrats and Clinton and that he could expect no honesty from that quarter. In 1917, the Bolsheviks not only controlled the press, they had also thoroughly infiltrated, and for all practical purposes controlled, the various labor movements.” The “Clinsheviks” had similarly dedicated support from the union hierarchies, and much worse, the National Education Association.
During World War I, Lenin traitorously dealt with the Germans while his countrymen were fighting them. Like Lenin, Clinton spent the Viet Nam War “adhering tol [America’s] Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort.”Leninwasa^ genuine coward when it came to manning barricades, pointing out that his life was too valuable so long as others could be fodder.
Like Lenin, Clinton lied and quibbled to avoid the military but he now has no compunctions about sending American soldiers to Bosnia.
Lenin and Clinton both met their future spouses through Communist political activities. Like Nadezhda Krupskaya (Lenin’s “wife”) Hillary also kept her maiden name. (Hillary is a Communist ideologue similar in tenor to Nadezhda, but not nearly as charming)
The biggest problem facing Dole was that he lacked ideological disagreement with Clinton.
There is no natural right of man that Bob Dole would not compromise to make a deal. Of the 185 federal judges proffered by Clinton, Dole voted to seat 182. (You have to wonder what his objections to the other three were!) Senator Dole voted to confirm Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a “moderate liberal” feminist agitator for the Communist ACLU. Dole also voted for Clinton’s overtly unconstitutional Omnibus Crime Bill, by which act he voted for more gun
control (all the while lying through his teeth claiming to oppose any gun control.)
Do you see any identifiable ideological differences here? One certainly knows that Clinton would never appoint a judge who did not consider the Constitution to be “living”—in his own person. Every Clinton appointee believes that the people’s rights are bestowed upon them by the grace of government, and that it is their duty as judicial dictators to create an egalitarian social utopia. Remember, Dole voted for all but three of Clinton’s local dictators, so why should anybody believe Dole’s appointees would have been any better?
Recently, I watched the Negro Muslim “leader” Louis Farrakhan make a fool of Mike Wallace on “60 Minutes.” Wallace asked Farrakhan if he considered it wrong, “adhering to [America’s] Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort” by chumming around with and getting paid by Qaddafy and Sadam Hussein. Farrakhan replied by asking if Wallace didn’t know how evil all us mean American white men were, given slavery, the Indians, and all the rest of the guilt-besotted dogma “liberals” and “conservatives” weep about. Wallace was stumped. He was stumped because he does believe it, therefore he could not reply.
That was also Dole’s predicament. He was running against a man who is willfully evil, yet Dole’s only disagreement with Clinton was the degree of force to be used against private citizens and the extent of regulating (i.e. de jure confiscation of) their property. Abraham Lincoln (Americas first dictator) said a nation cannot exist half slave and half free. Robert Dole thought we were half free. Bill Clinton considers us half slave.
Like Lenin, Clinton lied and quibbled to avoid the military but he now has no compunctions about sending American soldiers to Bosnia.
The RESISTLK
OBITUARIES
Another Commie | Bites Dust
by
Dorothy Payne
One of our oldest Communists died on September 7, 1997, and you will never, ever read the truth about him in the liberal media. George Crockett was eulogized by Rep. David Bonior of Michigan on the floor of the House, while the Detroit Free Press and the Washington Post spared no ink in praising him. Crocket wasn’t a Party card carrier, of course. The Party reserves membership cards for their scut workers—students with more lungs than brains, street agitators, and academics who have no chance of subverting anything of importance.
No, George Crockett was a Fellow Traveler. There is no evidence he wanted to join The Party, but they wouldn’t have let him even if he’d tried. He was much too valuable to them as a Negro “progressive.** I mean, who could dare question his motives?
Certainly not Detroit Mayor Dennis Archer. “George Crockett was a tireless crusader for truth, justice, freedom and equal opportunity,” Archer said. “George Crockett embraced the great causes of the 20th Century... He fought for them all, and never stopped fighting.” Archer is either a fool, a Fellow Traveler himself, or he was trying to keep Detroit’s “citizens” from burning the city down if he told the truth.
Former Congressman George Crockett (D-MI), born in 1909, received a law degree from the University of Michigan in 1934. From 1939 to 1944, he was always touted as “the First Black” in whatever positions he held in the Roosevelt Administration’s Department of Labor.
O
When Crockett moved to Detroit, he was taken under the wing of Maurice Sugar, general counsel for the United Auto Workers. Sugar was described by Benjamin Gitlow as “the public figure of Detroit’s Communist brain trust.”
He took credit for inventing the “sit-down strikes” of the Thirties. He even wrote the propaganda “folk songs” for them. David Moore, one of Crockett’s Communist pals from the 1940s lamented, “A lot of people in Detroit are reaping the benefits of George Crocketts labor.” You bet they are! Detroit’s sister city is what, Mogadishu?
By the late 1940s, the American people were awak- _______
ening to the presence of a large number of Reds infesting our institutions. The UAW felt the need to im-
prove its image by R<
concealing its Reds,| so Walter Reuther, Communist union boss of UAW, staged a public tiff with Crockett and
When “hired” to defend Stachel and Winter he stated: “The Communist Party, greatest champion of Negro rights... naturally...
would select a Negro set him up in a De- attorney. (Naturally!)
troit law firm with ——
other “laundered” Reds. Communist lawyers like Sugar and Crockett went off the actual payroll, although the union made sure to toss union legal work to them.
In 1946 Crockett became a member of the National Lawyers Guild. The NLG was described by the House Un-American Activities Committee as “the foremost legal bulwark of the Communist Party, its front organizations, and controlled unions” which “since its inception has never failed to rally to the legal defense of the Communist Party and individual members thereof....” Crockett earned his NLG stripes in 1949.
In 1949, the leadership of the Communist Party, USA, Was charged with conspiracy under the Smith Act. Sugar could not personally defend them in court (because of a prior felony conviction) so he detailed George Crockett as his point man. Crockett was defense attorney for Jack Stachel, education director for the Communist Party, and Carl Winter, Michigan organizer for the Communist Party.
When “hired” to defend Stachel and Winter he stated: “The Communist Party, greatest champion of Negro rights... naturally... would select a Negro attorney.” (Naturally!) Crockett claimed during the trial that the Communist Party USA, Comintern’s disciplined minions, was “the conscience of America.”
In keeping with Communist practice, the Reds were thoroughly disruptive in the courtroom and ,___ outside. Outside the courtroom, Communists mounted loud demonstrations urgingjudge Harold Medina to commit suicide. Inside the courtroom, Judge Medina found Crockett in contempt of court. Crockett served four months in a federal prison for a performance described as “one of the most vile and contemptuous displays ever to take place in a courtroom.” Bill McGraw, who scribbled the Detroit Free Press's obituary, referred to Crockett’s execrable courtroom behavior as “too aggressive” forjudge Medina.
Recalling that trial in 1993, Crockett said “even if* the CPUSA “advocated the violent overthrow of the government, they had a right to do it under our Constitution. But he could say that. He was a former Negro congressman and therefore above accountability.
But Communist strength in Detroit and the State of Michigan was such that Crockett was never incon-
venienced by his rancid record. Detroit’s “establishment” newspapers habitually referred to this episode as a “hectic” period in his life, and denounced anyone who “haunted” the poor soul by mentioning it when he ran for higher and higher public office. Indeed, the Free Press still feels obligated to excoriate “white Detroiters” who “fought attempts” by Communists to Africanize the Police Department and Recorders Court.
He ran as a Democrat, by the way. The Democratic Party of Michigan has blissfully cohabited with the Communist Party for most of this century. Democratic Party leaders know very well that Communists run for office under color of theirparty label. Coleman Young, virtual mayor for life” of Detroit, began early as executive secretary of the Communist-front Progressive Party in 1948, and in 1957 he was a delegate to the national Communist convention.
Crockett, for his part, became a paid agent of Fidel Castro in 1962. In 1963 he “advised” President John Kennedy and Attorney General Robert Kennedy about “civil rights” “problems.” In the same year Crockett participated in Martin Luther King’s precipitated agitprop Selma-Montgomery demarche.
In 1966, Crockett, with the combined support of the twinned Democratic and Communist Parties, their cheerleaders in the Detroit Free Press, and their allies in the bar association and unions, became a judge, along with two other Negro Communists, within Detroit’s criminal court system. The Detroit Free Press thought that was a travesty. After all, by that time Detroit was 50 percent Negro, and there were 13 Recorders Court positions.
In that same year “Maury” Sugar had the common decency to die. At his funeral, this perversion of the criminal justice system was “credited” to his behind-the-scenes maneuvering. (Fittingly, his own phony “folk songs” were warbled by Red “folksingers” over his carcass.)
Don’t think Communist judges didn’t make a difference! One of
them, Justin Ravitz, boasted of “burning the ass” of a “right-winger” for making a fuss at a “peace service,” while in the next breath, he boasted of his years as a Red lawyer, repeatedly getting off coldblooded Negro killers whom he preferred to see as “victims” of “rac-| ism.” Ravitz is the| one who refused to have an American flag in his courtroom. The rest of the cringing weenies in the system said okay, we’ll put the flag in the corridor outside, and leave the door open so that people can see it if they want to.
(Hey, you guys in C AG! If you want a live-fire urban training area, try Detroit.
Start with the |
Mayor and work your way down]] You always start from the top, right?)
Judge Crockett also devoted himself to releasing criminals. During the Detroit Hots of July, 1967, Crockett recycled the arrested Negro rioters, looters, and murderers back onto the streets non-stop.
His most notorious action, taken in conjunction with “comradely” Red lawyers in private practice, involved the 143 uniformed members of the Black Legion of the Republic of New Africa who were “guarding” a “church meeting” held on 29 March, 1969.
“New Africa” was to be created out of the five Southern states recommended by Stalin back in the 1930s. Those states were (and still are) Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina. Betty “Shabazz” was a member. You remember her. Wife of Malcolm “X,” whose grandson doused her with lighter fluid then set her on fire. He had to improvise. The tire wouldn’t fit over her.
A Negro lawyer, Milton R. Henry, was the New African Republic’s “president in exile.’ Comrade Henry’s “army” shot
down several Detroit city police officers, killing one. Crockett released all of the “Legion” members before they could be identified or be given nitrate tests for gunpowder residue. Crockett and Ravitz made cop-killing a nearly penalty-free pastime.
Check out how the Washington Post describes these episodes. During the 1967	riots,
“Crockett refused to impose what he considered excessive and unlawful bail. His stand created controversy, but in a subsequent University of Michigan report, he was praised for impartial administration of justice.” [!] In 1969, as the Post sees it, “he raised his profile when he released black people rounded up after a gun battle with black separatists in which a police officer was killed.”
On Capitol Hill, “he was known for the same willingness to stand for cherished beliefs in the face of withering criticism.” Cherished ideals indeed! He was simply serving The Party.
Oddly enough, obituaries seem to overlook Crockett’s service on the Michigan Court of Appeals, skipping instead to 1980, when Crockett replaced the disgraced Congressman Charles Diggs (D-MI) in the House of Representatives. The Washington Post (and Fayetteville Observer-Times) swooned over his ten-year-long sojourn in Congress “as a defender of civil rights and unpopular causes,” and as “a kind of folk hero” back in Detroit.
Among other things, Communist Crockett, as a member of a key subcommittee, was one of the Congressmen to whom Oliver North was supposed to “tell all,” revealing operations and spilling the identities of anti-Communists in Central America. Crockett’s allegiance to “our adversaries” was always known on Capitol Hill, but no one was pre-
judge Crockett also devoted himself to releasing criminals. During the Detroit riots of July, 1967, Crockett recycled the arrested Negro rioters, looters, and murderers back onto the streets non-stop.
Vol. IV, No. 1
pared to be impolite about it, much less make an issue of it. He was a Negro and a Fellow Traveler. His loyalty therefore was immune from questioning.
Don’t feel too glad about his passing. Crockett managed to infect America with his survivors. A wife or so, a son—George Crockett III, a Detroit Recorders Court judge (yes, children, the Communists still run Detroit)—two daughters, two “step sons,” a sister, eight grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.
An unsigned 09 September, 1997, Detroit Free Press editorial concluded, “George Crockett, Jr. deserves to be honored... as one of the bravest warriors for justice and equal rights this community [sic] has known.” (I’m sure they meant “commune.”) The editorial collective then went on to ecstasize that Crockett will “remain as a plumb line for those who aspire to live in a diverse society....” What, like Communist South Africa?
Writhe in Hell George Crockett, Jr.; Communist, judge, Congressman.
His carcass was dumped somewhere in Delware.
Diana Stewart:
A Wasted Life
by
Leslie Bates
One of the things I do for my own selfish pleasure is to take a sketchbook and a drafting pencil and draw. For the last fifteen years the second favorite subject of my work was Diana, the Princess of Wales. So when Andrew Morton’s biography of Diana was originally published I purchased a copy. It took me four months to work up the nerve to finish the first chapter. I did not (and no rational egoist could) enjoy the spectacle of seeing a soul being crushed by a band of witch doctors. If that is how the ruling class of Britain educates their children then
its no wonder that England is becoming a third world country.
To properly become an adult, a child must gain moral knowledge, to know what human life is and how to live it. What Diana received as a child was close to pure poison. Her parents sent Diana to a boarding school, the Church of England’s equiva-lent of a Dewey Camp. Here she was pounded with the doctrines that selflessness was the moral ideal, that sacrifice and obedience were virtues, that independent judgment was evil, that her mind was impotent to deal with material existence, and that the unfathomable (God and Heaven)^ was superior to that which is known (Man and the Earth). Her mind thus mangled, it should have been no surprise that her life would end mangled as well.
With her intellectual and moral development arrested in childhood, Diana became a second-hander, someone who avoids moral judgment and is dependent of others for guidance.
Diana was told that the royal family was the pinnacle of civilized society. A rational person would have seen British royalty as a useless remnant of a barbaric tradition, and that the monarch had become nothing more than a hand puppet for the ruling party of the moment. No sane woman would condemn any of her children to such a fate.
During her engagement Diana discovered that her fiance was a pragmatist who had an active sexual affair with an already married woman and who had no intention of breaking off that affair. A rational woman would have dumped the Prince of Wales on the spot. Not Diana! She asked her sisters for advice. They told to go through with the marriage out of duty.
As a second-hander, Diana had no self esteem and was utterly dependent on others for advice and approval. She valued what others told her to value. This led to her constant pursuit of public attention
and her spending an absurd amount of time being photographed hugging crippled children and walking biohazards (AIDs carriers).
Her capacity for judgment paralyzed, Dianapaid for guidance from psychics and astrologers. She even took life advice from her own sons. It was with the approval of a psychic and her sons that Diana became “close friends” to the Egyptian playboy Dodi al Fayed.
Dodi al Fayed was the unproductive son of a pull peddler who lived on an allowance, routinely bounced checks, and manipulated women. A rational woman would have screamed and ran away. Not Diana.
Even if a rational woman were not aware of Dodi’s other vices, she would have seen his open contempt for his own life as cause for alarm. But on the advice of others Diana put her trust in a whim-worshipping third world barbarian. As a consequence, she died a drunk Paris slut.
Diana was an excellent example of how not to live. She could have avoided the aforementioned horrors by simply saying: “No, this is wrong—I won’t do it.” To say that, however, requires a valid knowledge of moral standards, and for Diana to know that she was right to exercise moral judgment. It is not enough to know that there is an alternative to a particular course of action, one must know that the alternative is morally correct.
Diana Stewart lived stupidly and died appropriately.
Mother Theresa
by .
J.F.A. Davidson
She died in a Calcutta slum. She chose to be there. She compelled no one. She harmed nobody. Rest in peace Rev. Mother.	«
Diana Stewart lived stupidly and died appropriately.
NEW, FROM AMERICA’S SHARPEST CRITIC OF LIBERALS, AND THEIR WILLFULLY EVIL AGENDA...
Why do We Submit to...What?
The D-List
WHY	DO WE
AM E1	(UCANS
Sill	1MIT
TO THIS? Dr. Susan Huck	
in CONSERVATIVE REVIEW
By the time you get half-way through Why Do We Americans Submit to This? yew will begin to grasp the scope of willful liberal destruction of anything that was good in America. When youfinish you will grasp the enormity of the focused evil that inheres liberalism.
J.F.A. Davidson
Send $20.00, check or money order (NO CREDIT
CARDS) to:
This is what liberals like to see in the rest
of us.
Dumb, as in “dumbed-down" and mute.
Docile, ready to be guided and trained ready to accept any outrage.
Deprived of as much of our income as we allow to be taken from us.
Dispossessed of more and more property rights.
Denied as many of our rights as we will allow to be taken from us.
Devalued as citizens by the creation of hordes of “instant voters" in time for elections.
Demoted from independent citizens to dependent subjects.
Deceived by the current propaganda line, whatever it may be.
Diverted from an examination of the situation.
Denounced for destroying the earth, oppressing “others,** harboring bad thoughts...
Defensive and guilt ridden about something or other, all the time.
Deracinated, if white -- forbidden a sense of racial identity or pride.
Divided into “groups" or “blocs" for easy political manipulation
Demeaned, as liberals in government assert authority over private and family affairs.
Degraded by the squalor of public miseducation and government corruption.
Displaced from schools and jobs by federal pressure favoring federally-privileged groups.
Dispirited in the face of so much gone wrong, and so little chance of fixing it.
Disoriented by the inversion of laws and values --what was right is now wrong, what was good is now bad -- and vice versa, of course.
Demoralized by the realization that any attempt to oppose liberalism will be ridiculed, denied institutional support, marginalized, and punished.
Disorganized, as foundations expend their tax-free fortunes by organized synthetic “groups" and anointing “leaders" to carry out foundation plans. There is no such support for those opposing foundation sponsored “planned social change."
DescabezadOy or “beheaded," deprived of leadership; potential leaders who are aware of and opposed to the plans of the liberal Establishment can expect to be smeared and, if that doesn't work, ruined in some manner, usually
Ml And Finally...
Newcomb Publishers, Inc.
1307 Dolly Madison Boulevard, Room 203
McLean, VA 22101 Tel: (703) 893-7302 Fax: (703) 893-7273
Disarmed is the ultimate liberal precaution. Anything can be done to disarmed people, as the history of the Twentieth Century amply demonstrates.
©1997 by Dr. Susan L.M. Huck “The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants." — Thomas Jefferson, 1787.
The REMM^
Intelligence is a simple and self-evident thing. As an activity it is the pursuit ofa certain kind if knowledge; as a phenomenon it is the resultant knowledge.
Sherman Kent
Periodic
The line ofdemarcation between friend and foe...passes a nonphysical, often ideological boundary, which must however be expressly
r- delineated if we want to reach the
^	adversary and to defeat	him
___ Roger Trinquier
ce Report
Obey No Woman-Law
Yet once again, the “liberal” Establishment has advanced an anti-gun “law” under the nose of the stupidly complacent NRA, whose Institute for Legislative Action is, under the “leadership” of Tanya Mataksa, once again a day late and a dollar short. (Who
fut that dull woman in charge of LA in the first place?) One again, Americans who value their lives, liberty and property—and the means to defend them—are fighting a withdrawal under contact from the Communistic left. And once again, people who would—in a rational world—be twisting in the wind beneath lamp-posts, nave gained new ground in their efforts to disarm us.
The Lautenberg amendment to the Brady Bill was “interpreted” by the Department of Defense in May 1997 to apply to soldiers. Did you slap your wife (or Class “B” dependent) several years ago when she was being an unruly bitch? Did she call the cops? Did you get slapped with a misdemeanor? All forgiven, everything cozy—no further problems now that the chain of command in your home has been reestablished? Too bad. That pack of insane, devolving throwbacks—feminists— beat the ground with their root prying sticks while shrieking at the full moon, howled hysterically about yet another “man crime” utterly devoid of definition (except by the ‘womans way of knowing’)—"domestic violence”—and made instant ex post facto criminals of any men
o
o
who simply refused to put up with shrewishness or fishwivery from their females. The Stars surrendered (there’s a big surprise) with a whimper and cringe (as usual), and now your military career is forfeit. (But typical of this latest crop of Stars. They’re perfectly content being spineless exhibits in the administration Freak Show.)
Lieutenant General Peter J. Schoomaker’s 19 May, 1997, cover memorandum for the United States Army Special Operations Command Information Paper	about
Lautenberg says:
“This law has significant implications for the training, readiness	and
deployability [sic] of
their hand on the release trigger. Better you than them, they figure. You’re expendable. They’re Important.
Paragraph 1, “Purpose,” of the Information Paper is telling. “To inform USASOC commanders of a recent development in Federal ‘Gun Control’ law and their responsibilities under it.”
Now, for those of you who are not familiar with the formalities of official military correspondence, the use of quotation marks to draw at-
______________ tention	to	a	word	or
phrase is, for all practical purposes, unheard of. That convention’s use in
Men of principle and integrity would have
said “We’re not doing that document is « w t) ,	therefore remark-
that. But we re able. Because plac-
our soldiers. Preven- talking about generals ing a word or phrase tion of domestic vio-	t	in quotation marks
lence remains a	*	when not directly
command priority
and the best solution to the potential impact of the Lautenberg Amendment.” No shocking news there. Everything that issues from America’s “progressive” destroyers who infest the Department of Defense is a “command priority.” After all, the command motto is “One More Star!” Men of principle and integrity would have said “We’re not doing that.” But we’re talking about generals here.
You see, a man can join the Army and be protected against actions for unpaid indebtedness incurred before he enlisted. But if he’s ever smacked a shrew, well, Madame Guillotine is always awaiting fresh sacrifice. And you can bet that The Stars will be standing next to it with
quoting a source is a literary method of denigrating, or dismissing as trivial, the word or phrase or idea thus identified. In this case, placing quotation marks around the phrase “Gun Control” was a blatant dismissal of that phrase by the author of the Information Paper. In other words, the author of the Information Paper does not consider stripping soldiers of their arms under Lautenberg to be gun control, or the violation of a natural right that “shall not be infringed.” In that context, the only “responsibilities” commanders have is to keep their obedient mouths shut and comply with yet another frontal assault by “liberals” to disarm Americans. And you can bet your next paycheck commanders
will. After all, what options do cowards have but blind submission and stupid obedience to policies that blatantly violate the oath they swore?
(LTC James C. Hiett, Chief of Staff, USASOC, signed the Information Paper. But on official correspondence a signature block means nothing. All that means is I that he looked at it, signed it, and it issued from his office. The “blame-line” reads LTC Addicott. [!] You remember him! He’s the USASOC Judge Advocate General officer who approved the 13 March, 1997, memorandum rationalizing away 5th Special Forces Group (Airbornes)’s blatant violation of Posse Comitatus during JTF-Six RSU Mission #RSU 001-97D as not a “direct violation” of 18 USC 1385. At least LTC Addicott is a consistent toady.) [See; The Resister,
V61.III, N0.4, p.25.]
Back to the Information Paper. Under paragraph 2, “Summary:” “Commanders may not issue military firearms or ammunition to soldiers they know or have reason to believe have been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence.” [Emphasis added.]
“Have reason to believe...?” One knows a thing, or one does not. But what is “reason to believe?” Does that mean that some spiteful, insane bitch can call your commander, accuse you anonymously of “domestic violence,” and thereby leave you without either an accuser to face, or recourse to defense? Of course it does. Does that mean your commander may deny you “firearms or ammunition” because somebody starts spreading rumors about you? Sure it does. That’s what this paragraph is intended to mean. It means suspicion is conviction. You don’t think your commander is going to be man enough to risk his career by violating yet another undefinable whim based woman law, do you? You know better.
“Soldiers who have been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence may not possess military (orpersonal) firearms or ammunition,” the “Summary” contin-
ues. [Emphasis added.] Generals have been looking for ways to disarm soldiers who live off post for years. Commanding Generals at Fort Lewis, Fort Hood and Fort Carson have issued policy letters requiring soldiers living off post to surrender their personal firearms to their unit arms rooms. You have to wonder what they’re afraid of—and why.
Only one, CG Fort Carson, got away with it. Even though Colonel Lambert, 10th SFG(A) commander, ignored it while forcing his troops to comply with it. Lambert got a Star for his disobedience. His soldiers got registered as gun owners.
Given all the official leg squeez-| ing ecstasy over Quality of Life, which drags your family into the protective fold of the Army Family, watch for an official “risk assessment” of “family safety” concerning private possession of firearms by soldiers, and markedly intrusive “safety concerns” aimed at “prevent-ing domestic violence” for the “good” of The Women and The Children. Including everybody turning in their personal firearms to the arms room. (Those post regulations were trial balloons, guys. They were not aberrations.)
The “Summary” concludes: “ Commanders are NOT required to do records checks or ask soldiers if they have domestic violence convictions. [Original emphasis.] No, the “liberal” Establishment has a better idea. Department of Defense is sending out Voluntary Confession forms. Remember the flap about DoD not completing its central criminal data base on all members of the military so it could be merged with the FBI’s data base? This is why, guys.
Paragraph 3, “Background and Discussion,” outlines the woman law provisions of Lautenberg. If you were already punished for correct-
ing the shrewish behavior of a fishwife and thereby restored harmony to your home, and still own a firearm, you’re now a felon. If you sell a firearm to a complete stranger—who happened to restore harmony to his home—you are a felon. “This amendment,” paragraph 3a continues, “applies to convictions occurring before its enactment.” [Emphasis added.]
I just happen to have my copy of the Constitution — which I am sworn to “uphold and defend”—open before me. Laying beside it are my Blacks tone, my 1856 Bouvier, my 1825 Rawle’s, and my 1832 Webster’s (all, except Blackstone, pre-Union Dictatorship).
The Article I, §9, cl. 3 of the Constitution I’m sworn to defend says, “No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed.” Sounds straight-forward to me. After all, the Constitution was written in plain English. You have to remember though, that generals don’t expect their soldiers to know what the Constitution they’ve sworn to defend says, or especially what it means. That would derail The Agenda. Besides, they don’t know what the Constitution means themselves (nor do they care.) They simply expect you to obey the orders of those appointed above you—like they do themselves with perfect apolitical servility. No matter how unconstitutional, and therefore in violation of your oath, those orders are.
An ex post facto law punishes you retroactively for actions you took before they were decreed illegal, “declares it to be greater than when it was committed, or when it increases the punishment, or directs that different or less evidence” may be used to convict. [Rawle, 1825.] All woman law is ex post facto, and the Lautenberg amendment to Brady is no exception. And how is
If you were already punished for correcting the shrewish behavior of a fishwife and thereby restored harmony to your home, and still own a firearm, you’re now a felon.
The RESISTER
it to be enforced? By double tapping you with two distinct violations of the 5th amendment.
a[N]or shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself,” means you cannot be forced to testify against yourself. The Department of Defense took care of that! Tap one: You’ll soon be signing a DoD form asking if you’ve ever been convicted of misdemeanor “domestic violence.” If you sign and bear witness against yourself you are disarmed (and probably subject to a bar to reenlistment). If you’ve already been punished, then say you haven’t, you are convicted of felonious not-bear-ing-witness-against-yourself, disarmed, fined $10,000, and sent to prison for five years for lying to those who are compelling you to bear witness against yourself.
So, under DoD’s interpretation of Lautenberg, not only is your “crime” now “greater than when it was committed ,and not only has the punishment been increased, but it directs that different evidence (your “voluntary” confession) is to be used to disarm you. Why? Because you restored order, discipline and harmony to your home—meaning, because you re a man. That makes perfect sense to feminists and General Schoomaker. (Remember folks, he just took command of all special operations forces in the U.S. mili-Itaiy. Sleep sound.)
“[N]or be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law,” means government may not kill you or harm you, or deprive you of your means to defend yourself or your natural law rights, or your property, without recourse to a “just or proper... method of accomplishing a thing.” [Bouvier, 1856.] The last time I checked, guns were property. Last time I checked, firearms furnished “the means of resisting... the inroads of usurpation” (in other words, the means to defend individual Liberty). [Henry Tucker, 1831.] Last time I checked, while you were defending your life some cop was stuffing his face with donuts—awaiting a call to arrest you for doing it. Tap two: Signing the
Voluntary Confession form, or living with a vindictive fishwife, will deprive you of your life, liberty and property. That makes perfect sense to feminists and General Schoomaker. After all, he’s just following woman orders. That means he can shrug his shoulders and claim he’s not responsible.
A bill of attainder is that by which a person, “without a judicial trial, is declared by the legislature to be guilty of some particular crime. [Rawle,
1825.] Sycophants
in the chain of com- So, even if youve
rnand will sauirm in dumped that miserable their swivel chairs	r
and cry, “Lautenberg fishwife and her
howling pack of
savages.
doesn’t do thatf? Yes it does. You see, the generation the Army joined, who are now in command and being all they can be, are mystics. They believe, like all other feminist scut workers, that “things” (in this case firearms) are living entities that will whisper seductively to you and make you do bad things. So they ——— couldn’t possible know, or begin to comprehend, that bills of attainder, which mean forfeiture of life and extinction of property and civil rights (real civil rights, not post-1964 “civil rights”) without trial (including corruption of blood), also refer to bills of pains and penalties, which “affect the life of an individual, or [in substance] confiscate his property, or both.” [Bouvier, 1856.j
Therefore, not only is this Lautenberg “law” ex post facto, it’s also an attainder. As ex post facto “law,” not only is your “crime” today “greater than when it was committed,” (and will thus result in your expulsion from the Army), but gun confiscation “ increases the punish-menf (did they take your guns the first time you were punished?), and relies upon “different or less evidence” (your mandatory signature on the DoD Confession Form). As an at-
and
are now
married to a real woman and have real children, you are still to be punished for refusing to become a simpering effeminate drone in the former circumstance.
tainder, your rights and property are forfeit without trial. But the Stared Cowards don’t care; they’re just following woman orders.
Happily, misdemeanor “domestic violence” does not include “Article 15 punishments or summary courts martial.” That’s little consolation, however, because Paragraph 3.a.2. continues: “Domestic violence includes any act that involves the use or attempted use of physical force, or the threatened use of a -	deadly	weapon
against a current or former spouse or child in common with a current or former spouse, or an adult or child with whom the person lives or has lived as spouse, parent or guardian. So, even if you’ve dumped that miserable fishwife and her howling pack of savages, and are now married to a real woman and have real children, you are still to be punished for refiis-ing to become a simpering effeminate drone in the former circumstance.
Force is used or it is not, but what is “attempted use?” Raising a hand? Telling the shrew if she throws that ash tray at you’ll deck her? And what is “threatened use?” What
deadly weapon?” all other schizo-
constitutes a Consistent with phrenic woman law words are the equivalent of acts. As a consequence of past schizophrenic woman law if police arrive at a “domestic dispute” they must make an arrest. Are they going to arrest the fishwife for picking up the ashtray, or you for telling her you’ll clobber her if she throws it? You know the answer. Did you rap that disrespectful little barbarian in the mouth when he swore at you, or turn that hellish little wench over your knee? Did the cretinous little savage call “Child Protective Services” and snitch you
off for “child abuse?” You lose. Restoring order to your home and punishing The Children is a crime—a retroactive crime.
“Among administrative options available to commanders with soldiers who are precluded from being issued firearms or ammunition,” Paragraph 3.e. states, “ are MOS reclassification or separation from service under AR 635-200, 1f5-3 (Convenience of the Government) [whose “government” is convenienced, I wonder], f 14- 12b (Patterns of Misconduct) [not known until you are compelled to bear witness against yourself], HI 4-12c (Serious Misconduct) [now being defined by The Women and The Children].
Once Again...
None of this happened by accident. The interlocked and coordinated body of social workers, child advocates, feminists, domestic abuse and domestic violence “help” groups, and the steady accretion of whim based woman “law” specifically intended to “open the home” in order to “protect” The Women and The Children finally came together.
You watched all of this unfold piece by piece, year after year, “law” by “law,” but did nothing about it because you thought nobody plans these things and everything was happening as isolated acts. You were mindlessly passive and stupidly obedient because “it’s the law.” Now you are disarmed—because you are a man, and because “it’s the law.” Can you do anything about this? Yes. When you are issued your Voluntary Confession form don't sign it. Tear it up. Walk out of the room. Refuse to explain—keep your mouth shut. Refuse to cooperate. Refuse to submit. The Confession Form is voluntary. So, don’t volunteer to sign it.
According to Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense (how many “deputy assistant” whatevers do they need?), Mr. Francis M. Rush, the form is voluntary.
Mr. Rush, during a 22 October, 1997, news briefing stated “I
Wouldn’t expect many service members to refuse to fill out the form. Service members, in my experience, do fill out the forms that they are asked to fill out.” That’s their weakness! They need you to sign it. They need you to confess. DON’T DO IT! Without your signature they must expend tens of thousands of dollars and hundreds of manhours per soldier to prove what you wouldn’t confess, and that will over-l whelm The System.
If you slapped! around some shrew or fishwife you’re going to be kicked out of the Army anyway. Make them pay to do it. And spread the word to your comrades.
What are they going to do if an entire rifle company refuses to sign theL form? Stamp their feet? Threaten you? Threaten you with what? Refusing to “volunteer” to implicate yourself? Refusing to be punished by an ex post facto “law,” and an attainder, for refusing to surrender a right you are sworn to defend and which “shall not be infringed?”
DON’T SIGN THE FORM! Wad it up. Throw it away. And no matter what they say or threaten you with keep your mouth shut.
This is the first time The Resister has advised disobedience. Pay heed. We’re not going out on a limb over this for our health. This is not one of the Establishment’s trial balloons. This is for keeps. This is important guys. The Women and The Children are squat compared to the surrender of an unalienable right. DONT COMPLY!
And for those of you who mince, “If you haven’t done anything wrong you have nothing to fear,” tell that to gun owners in Britian, Canada and Australia. Those are the precise words Commonwealth gun owners wished as legislation was passed to disarm them. In a just world those words would be tatooed across the forehead of those who mumble them—so they can be identified later.
A Cow Corralled
Good news about the state of the Army is hard to come by these days. The Resister is occasionally criticized as being the bearer of only bad news. Frankly, we simply observe, analyze and report. But on occasion good things do happen and there are times when reason does prevail. And, we are pleased to report, there are still men—real men, old soldiers—left in the Army. Not many these days, but that phenomenon is what makes the following remarkable.
In the last issue we reported that the persistent mooing of the stray Sergeant Mary Montero, SIGDET, 3d SFG(A), had set the equal opportunity zampolit spinning out of control in an effort to squash the reproduction of 3d Group’s motto, “Hard times don’t last, but hard men do” on 3d Group’s (previously much coveted) re-enlistment goodies. Happily, this time, the effeminate slobs of the zampolit failed.
Since “A Cow Mooed” appeared in the last issue, Special Forces soldiers conducting physical training, upon sighting a support unit formation containing females, would start lowing as their respective formations passed. Such demonstrations were outrageous! Somebody had to do something about those egregious public displays of intolerance. So somebody did.
Command Sergeant’s Major Ernest (Mike) Bishop, CSM, 3d SFG(A), knew how to put an end to such blatant protests. He sent a directive down to 3d SFG(A)’s reenlistment office. It stated simply, “The motto stays.”
SGT Mary Montero has been rounded up and corralled into a pen where she can moo all day and cause no further harm.
Thanks Mike.
//Signed//
^_______________________The	Guys
DONT SIGN THE FORM! Wad it up. Throw it away. And no matter what they say or threaten you with keep your mouth shut.
Combined Federal Campaign
Well, once again soldiers are being Encouraged” to donate a portion of their paycheck to “charity.” These charities, for the most part, are part of a web of interconnected socialist, Communist, environmentalist, and internationalist organizations devoted to destroying America. These charities range from the Maurice and Jane Sugar Law Center for Economic and Social Justice: A Project of the National Lawyers Guild (as noted by the House Un-American Activities Committee “the foremost legal bulwark of the Communist Party, its front organizations, and controlled unions), to Negative Population Growth (an organization dedicated to killing you because you infect Mother Gaia).
None of that bothers Lieutenant General Jack Keane, commander XVIII Airborne Corps and Fort Bragg. At the CFC “kick-off” luncheon held Tuesday, 04 September, 1997, at the Fort Bragg Officers’ Club, he cooed and gurgled about giving America’s domestic enemies millions, and “encouraged” unit CFC representatives to increase donations by almost 10 percent this year. After an oily eulogy about Diana Stewart’s meaningless life, he worried himself about The Suffering. “Despite the fact we have less than five percent unemployment there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who are challenged by the existence of life every day,” he said. “We have an opportunity to help and I know that you will.
I don’t know if General Keane actually writes his speeches, or if he really believes that the charities he “encourages” soldiers to “give” to exist for any other purpose than to advance America s destruction. Maybe he doesn’t have time to check up on the “charities” that fund overt impediment of our lives, liberty and property. In that case he should shut up. If he has checked
Shelton thought it was a grand idea.)
Servicemembers Legal Defense Network sounds promising, doesn’t it? Except it is “the sole national legal aid and watchdog organization that assists men and women targeted by the military’s policy on homosexuals.” So if you’re a fag or a dyke this one is for you. SLDN is also sponsored by the National
_________________^»*^****	Lawyers	Guild	and
year’s CFC tabloid.	another	Commu-
We’ll just pick a few These charities, for the nist-front, the Cen-of the most egre-	.	.	r	ter	for
giousones.	most	part, are part of a Constitutional
National Council web of interconnected Rights, of La Raza, states it • i* . p	•	.	I	was	going	to
was “established to «°ctahst. Communist, describe *ore *but
reduce poverty and environmentalist, and just reading the
up on those charities, and still encourages soldiers under his command to Give, Give, Give, then he is encouraging them to contribute money to fund organizations in contradiction to their oath to defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. There’s a word for that: Treason.
Let’s take a look at some of the “charities.” There are about 20 pages of them in this
discrimination and internationalist improve hie opportunities for Hispanic organizations devoted
Americans through to destroying America, capacity-building	J	°
assistance to support	""“""B
and strengthen Hispanic community-based organizations.” La Raza is one of three organizations directly funded by the Ford Foundation (Mexican-American Legal Defense Fund and League of United Latin-American Citizens are the other two) and so thoroughly tied into the National Lawyers Guild that they exist merely as organizational fronts.
La Raza is a Communist organization whose goal is the complete disruption of U.S. immigration policies (as if the U.S. had any).
Congressional Black Caucus Foundation “provides intern, fellowship, and scholarship programs to African Americans pursuing public policy careers.” The CBC was formed by Reps. Ron Delums and George Crockett, both Communists. CBC’s expressed purpose is to tribalize legislation and Africanize American politics. President Clinton’s payoff to CBC for their support during the 1992 elections was to put their necklacing en-dorsing, Communist darling,
Aristide, back in power in Haiti.
Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff,
General Hugh Shelton, even made sure it happened. (A man of integrity would have resigned. General
CFC tabloid makes me sick to my stomach.
There is one worthwhile charity, the Special Operations Warrior Foundation. From their Fall 1997 newsletter SOF Link: “The Foundation’s immediate priority is to provide scholarships to the children of SOF casualties. Students must demonstrate financial need.... Passing grades must be maintained.” Sounds reasonable to me. CFC agency code #2124. Or they can be reached by calling 703-802-2182.
The Zampolit Take in a Show
Si
pecial Operations Command Equal Opportunity office hosted an “extremist” awareness lecture at the JFK auditorium on 28 August, 1997. It was quite the affair. The Fayetteville Observer-Times was there to squirm in ecstasy at the deliverance of yet another brainwash, and several local Telescreeen stations had camera crews present. It seemed like every equal opportunity office on Fort Bragg had somebody there to record the event, and the audience was even blessed by the presence of
VoL IV, No. 1
38
Major General Tangney, who nodded grimly at all the right places in the script.
I got there a little early so I could get a good seat. I love brainwashes. I’m immune to them so my pleasure is in watching everybody else soak them up. I particularly enjoy waiting for the designated agitators to ask the Right Questions when they’re over. They’re usually females, or from the Anointed Tribe.
As I was taking background notes I was constantly interrupted by EO representatives wanting to impel themselves into my privacy. EO reps are the Army’s “liberals,” so it’s natural for them to vomit their life’s story at you when first meeting you in expectation that you’ll “share too.” There were just over a dozen EO reps present, flitting around making sure everything was an ordnung und stelle. My privacy was interrupted by all but one of them; SFC Kim Hudson, a radical leftist who is EO rep for USA Special Forces Command, who knew better than to interrupt me.
Now, in these pages Army EO reps are referred to as either Staatssicherheitsdienst (Stasi) or zampolit (commissars). Several readers have responded, “Davidson, you’re overstating their role.” Oh, really?
As I was taking my background notes, SFC Hanahan approached, introduced himself and, seeing my notebook and tape recorder, he said, “Yeah, I’m trying to get my computer set up to record this guy’s speech too. I have a transcript of his speech from last year and I want to see if his story has changed.” I smiled politely while he eyed my tape recorder to see if it was running. It wasn’t (my pen was), so he continued; “I’ve heard about this guy but I’ve never met him. I want to see if he’s for real. I’d like to just walk up to him and say, ‘Hi, I’m a political officer, [!] I’ve read transcripts oi your speeches but wanted to meet you in person.’” [Emphasis added.]
“Political officer;” were his words. They really do consider themselves zampolit. Which fits ex-
actly their job description, and their ties to the Southern Poverty Law Center, the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith (which supplies the Army with the vast bulk of its material on “tolerance,” “diversity,” and “extremism,” and the NAACP. And don’t forget the Simon Wiesenthal Center—who provided the guest speaker, “reformed hater” Mr. T.J. Liden.
Mr. Liden has an interesting history and a perfectly memorized script that was pol-1 ished to perfection by Mr. Mark Weitzman, Mr Liden’s Simon Wiesenthal Center Research Department case officer.
The Simon Weisenthal Center is the group that heads the National Task Force on Hate and runs the Tolerance Museum in Los Angeles.
The Tolerance Museum is a typical brainwash center. There are two doors into it named “Unprejudiced” and “Prejudiced.” Now, if you judge people as individuals based on their demonstrated behavior and therefore discriminate against them or not on that basis, you’d rationally chose the “Unprejudiced” door, right? Wrong. That door is always locked. You’re not permitted to be unprejudiced in the Tolerance Museum. The only way in (although the reason you’d want to go in escapes me) is through the “Prejudice” door. So the Tolerance Museum is a pretty neat place. The brainwash starts before you even get inside. The only thing the Simon Wiesenthal Center Tolerance Museum lacks is a railway platform and an arch bearing the words D ULDSAMKE1T MACHT FREI over its entrance.
Mr. Weitzman is an interesting guy. According to Mr. Weitzman anyone who opposed the government compelled abrogation of their right to associate freely or to hav-
ing their children forcibly bussed to a ghetto in the name of “integration” (at gun point) during the 1960s were “extremists” who gave life to the “anti-civil rights movement.” Given that Communists and their Fellow Travelers ran the entire “civil rights” movement from its inception, Mr. Weitzman’s assessment of people who resisted it makes perfect sense.
Which also fits in perfectly with Simon Wiesenthal Center’s role as “consultants to the U.S. Army External Task Force on Extremist Groups” which, for all practical purposes, is run by the Anti-Defamation League. Mr. Weitzman explained the Simon Wiesenthal Center’s contribution to the now institutionalized “extremist” brainwashes which use, almost exclusively, ADL materials. Mr. Weitzman remarked regrettably, “[The Army] didn’t know what to look for.” So they helped!—by training the zampolit and providing the Chekisti. And by shopping around Mr. Liden.
Mr. Liden was quite a catch for the Simon Wiesenthal Center Research Department. Tailor made and just at the right time, too! He’s a self-described former skinhead, which is a big audience draw at Fort Bragg given the murder of two Negro drug dealers off post by two 82nd Airborne Division skinheads, and the subsequent ADL “advised” search for “extremists” in the Army. He’s also a former Marine, so he can talk to Joes and pepper his speech with racial epithets to get minorities in the audience properly warmed-up. He’s also a former denizen of the Aryan Nations “compound” in Idaho.
But his ex-wife lives there. With his son. You see, Mr. Liden is locked in a custody dispute with his ol’ lady. The story is that Mr. Liden heard
The only thing the Simon Wiesenthal Center T olerance Museum lacks is a railway platform and an arch bearing the words DULDSAMKEIT MACHT FREI over its entrance.
his three year-old son spout some epithets, had a Zen moment, was no longer a racist, and decided to divorce his wife—all at the same time. After two weeks of self-criticism at the Simon Wiesenthal Center Research Department he was ready for public lecture tours on behalf of the Simon Wiesenthal Center and, thus cleansed, he improved his chances of winning custody ——— of his son. The only T ^ ^ j • problem is that he Just to dnve home the lost the custody	point, they know
•tuck ^ n°W S they*re destroying the He can’t go back Army—they just don’t
want to be criticized for it.
to his Nazi buddies because he ratted out names and orga-| nizations. And he can’t leave the Simon Wiesenthal Center because he needs to keep his public image squeaky clean so he stands some chance at any new custody hearings (which can be reopened whenever the evidence justifies).
Zampolit Hanahan at least had the good sense to be skeptical of sudden conversions. Next time Mr. Weitzman comes to Fort Bragg with Mr. Liden in tow go see the show. It’s very entertaining.
Don’t Tell My Dad!
We received an interesting bit of information recently. One of our supporters approached a gun shop owner asking if he would like to carry The Resister in his store for retail sales. [Resister distributors have very agreeable profit margins. Beginning with this issue, the profit margin for direct distributors is 40 percent. Write for details. (Yes, that was a shameless self-promotion.)] At first the owner was agreeable. He’d seen some bootlegs, didn’t have any argument with The
40
Resisters content, but wanted a current issue to show his partners. The issue was delivered.
When our supporter returned to close the sale, the gun store owner backed out. Not because he disagreed with the content, or because he didn’t think it would sell. (This particular gun store could have moved perhaps 300 copies per issue—being directly adjacent to an Army base—and stood to make about $1200 in sales.) He backed out because his store is frequented by generals.
“They said they don’t like it because lit airs their dirty ■ ■	laundry, then rubs
their noses in it,” he explained. “That’s OK, it’s your business,” our supporter said.
We did, however, think that was a pretty interesting admission on the part of The Stars. They admit they have dirty laundry, they simply object to it being “aired” and having [our] noses rubbed in it.” In other words, they object to being held accountable for their “dirty laundry,” and they particularly object to being held publicly accountable for what they are intentionally doing to the Army. Just to drive home the point, they know they’re destroying the Army—they just don’t want to be criticized for it.
Andjust to lay the whip to a dead horse, The Stars know what they’re doing is wrong, but they haven’t the moral courage to oppose it. So it’s up to a group of noncommissioned officers to show them how. And if it works, they of course will take the credit for it. If it doesn’t work, they’ll say they opposed it all along.
J.F.A. Davidson
$
The Resister's Intelligence Requirements
1)	Official documents and substantiated accounts detailing the subordination of U.S. armed forces to United Nations control, with particular emphasis on the U.N. Military Staff Committee.
2)	Documented proof of CPUSA, or other radical left agent of influence, or communist sympathizer influence in, and infiltration of, local, state and federal government.
3)	Any material pertaining to Operation Alliance and all counter-drug Joint Task Forces, with particular emphasis on the militarization of local, state and federal law enforcement agencies and the unconstitutional use of federal armed forces to enforce civilian law, including AARs.
4)	Official documents pertaining to the “convergence" of U.S., Russian and former Warsaw Pact military, internal security, and law enforcement agencies.
5)	Documentation pertaining to the demilitarization of the National Guard and Reserves.
6)	Examples and proof of moral, ethical, and personal corruption within the chain of command.
7)	Examples, descriptions and indicators of breakdowns in order and discipline.
8)	Copies of Army Research Institute and Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute questionaires, surveys, studies and reports with particular emphasis on females in the military.
9)	Copies of Post Regulations and policy letters.
Vol. IV, No. 1
A representative body, composed principally of respectableyoemanry is the best possible security to liberty. Any law rendering property insecure, would be injurious to Melancton Smith, 1788
ANT
Every law, or resolution having the of law, shall relate to but one subject, and that shall be expressed in the title. Constitution of the
■f	Confederate States of America
Article I, section 9, clause 20
WHAT DO THEY
MEAN BY THAT?
The Statement of Policy Defined
by
J.F.A. Davidson and D. van Oort
o
The Resister sometimes gets correspondence from readers who question the appropriateness of a term, (for example, “collectivism”), or a complex term (for example, “tribalist-collectivist”), used in these pages to describe an activity, organization or individual. Now, The Resister has a fairly catholic readership. So, when a reader writes in with an honest question about what a specific term means, or how it is used in a specific context, we make an honest effort to answer that question by correspondence (not always in a timely manner) with the same sincerity and politeness, or lack of it, that the question is asked.
We recently received a polite letter from “J. Madison,” Unit Political Officer of a West coast branch of Sons of Liberty, who questioned our use of the term “fascist” to describe the American “economy” (TR V.III, Nos |&2, “Seed of Fascism: The Commerce Clause”). [Please don’t order it, that issue is sold out. JFAD] He attached a missive written by one “Marvin Gardner,” apparently the editor of a newsletter called Sons of Liberty (Letter #21, dated 11/6/96) who,
after a 14 paragraph analysis of dictionary and encyclopedia definitions of “fascism/fascist,” concluded, “Until they define their terms, I cannot agree with The Resister.”
Check Your Premises
Don’t get us wrong. Mr. Gardner’s analysis was well researched, cited, and intelligently written. Yet, for all that, concluding from the sources to which he referred, he could have condensed his analysis of the term “fascist” into three words: “Communist swear word.” He wasn’t calling The Resister Communist, but “Communist swear word” was all his sources had to offer by way of explanation, so he therefore asked whether The Resister had “some hidden agenda” for referring to “the economy” as fascistic.
Normally, we don’t pay that much attention to what people have to say about The Resister. They either like it, or they don’t. If they don’t, well, nobody is forcing them
to read it. But Mr. Gardner’s statement, “Until they define their terms...” did get our attention for the reason that we do assume our audience knows what we’re talking about. It also caught our attention because Mr. Gardner correctly deduced that government regulation of “the economy” is a central aspect of fascism—which the article in question made quite clear—then dismissed that argument because he considered that to be “only a minor aspect” of fascism.
Now, you may be wondering; “Why did Davidson and van Oort put the words ‘the economy’ in quotation marks?” Excellent question. The answer is because free societies do not have “economies” any more than the public has a “good” or thought has a “mainstream. Free societies have businesses run by and comprised of individuals—and a just government leaves them both alone.
Although there are principles of economics (the study of the accumulation, loss and transfer of wealth), there can be no such thing as a singular wealth-entity, id esty a collectivized phantom brought about by irrationally condensing into one ghostly form the multitudinous activities of individuals. An “economy” is a phantom which does not exist, and that particular phantom is not what is being referred to when collectivists use the term. What is being referred
...free societies do not have “economies” any more than the public has a “good” or thought has a “mainstream.”
The RESlij i e,k
to is the individual business activities of private people—who you’re not supposed to notice. In that usage, ‘me economy” becomes a nebulous and nameless thing divorced from any ties to reality and any lives or livelihoods involved. But those lives are what must be shackled, harnessed and utterly controlled. If, for example, the Federal Reserve lowers interest rates to “grow the economy”—as if “the economy” were a single flower in Mr. Greenspan’s garden that he wished to take credit for—you can rest assured further population controls will result.
Only those who have not thought through the terminology they use (and think in), or those who are willfully evasive (and therefore evil) can take seriously such ref-erences to a singular phantom “economy” (or “public good” or “mainstream of thought”). And only statist governments running herd on their collectivized societies can attempt to institutionalize such phantoms; and only the obedient accept them on face value. Thereafter, having submitted to the idea that “the economy” exists, individual lives and livelihoods must be planned, regulated, and managed by government and by it’s central bank monopoly—all for the “public good,” and all in accordance with the Keynesian “mainstream of thought.” (If you have the stomach for it, try grasping the enormity of the evil inherent in the latest Establishment slogan, “Global economy.”)
So, Mr. Gardner’s inability to deduce a definition of fascism began with his unquestioned acceptance of a collectivist premise: that “the economy” exists. At that point, he chose to attempt to reject the necessary corollary of any governmental attempt to institutionalize a phantom; in this case, complete governmental regulation of any and all individual parts of “the economy” which can be concretely identified: Those individual lives and livelihoods we mentioned before. But such regulation, Mr. Gardner says, is “only a minor aspect” of fascism.
The only way Mr. Gardner could arrive at that conclusion was to base it on a false premise. (Were going to give Mr. Gardner the benefit of the doubt, and sume the foregoing. I The alternative, the psychopathology of a chronic evader, did not appear evident in his essay.) The logic of illogic is such that a false premise prevents correction of erroneous conclusions so long as that false premise serves as their base. No matter the twists and turns one executes in trying to make that conclusion fit with a contrary reality, it cannot be made to fit while its base tells it one thing and reality tells it another.
Government regulation of property (especially that which is ostensibly owned privately) is. the definition of the economic aspect of fascism, and that is what was practiced openly, gleefully and most notably by Hitler in Germany and Mussolini in Italy. Such regulation is not an “aspect” which can be shorn from the facts or from the definition of “fascism.” In fact, a tiny bit of etymological research in a pre-1960s dictionary reveals that the term “fascism” derives from “Fascisti,” a group of Italian nationalists whose principles became synonymous with the state under the mle of Mussolini.
Now, the intent of the above wasn’t to criticize Mr. Gardner. We’re simply pointing out the necessity of continuously checking your premises. The essence of collectivism is irrationality. Collectivist irrationality creates such phantoms as “economies.” Collectivist governments intentionally institutionalize irrationalities. And collectivist organizations willfully irrationalize language in order to prevent identification of their actual goals. Such collectivist phrases as me economy,” when accepted by
otherwise rational people who intend to argue against collectivism must necessarily result in the corruption, and ultimate collapse into
. .	mysticism	(and	con-
s e
...only statist governments running herd on their collectivized societies can attempt to institutionalize [“economies”]; and only the obedient accept them on face value.
q u e n t
subsumption by collectivists), of their anti-collectivist premises. If you’ve ever wondered why our Bolshevik and Menshevik (Democrat and Republican) political parties differ only in the timing of the full implementation of socialism, it’s because both parties accept—and use— the same lexicon
and philolosophisms.
Aluminum Foil Hats...
hen there’s the “patriot movement.” There is an amusing little smear being circulated among those whom we lovingly refer to as “the aluminum foil hat crowd.” The Resister, according to the “hatters,” is a government conspiracy to entrappatriots, or as they phrase it, a Trojan horse” (they mean “false flag”). Some of these mystics even go so far as to claim that Special Forces Underground (for whom The Resister gives voice) is part of a re-animated Phoenix Program—run by the CIA of course—and that when “It” (their implication for open rebellion— against what or who is never explicitly denoted) happens, the leaders of all their leaderless cells will be targeted for kidnapping and assassination. Why anybody would bother to do so remains unanswered.
One self-appointed leader accidentally ripped her aluminum foil hat—allowing the Bad Rays to enter her brain—and she stated with confidence that The Resister is published by a retired CIA guy in Georgia. What is her proof? She’s a mystic, so she doesn’t need proof. She “just knows.”
The “hatters” are so busy looking for informers in their ranks, and
1
i
questioning each others’ motives, that they cannot coalesce. The feds, of course, think that’s wonderful. As a Justice Department speaker at a Association of Former Intelligence Officers counterterrorism conference in McLean, Virginia, quipped last year, “the patriot and militia movement is mostly harmless.” (We could not discern if the speaker was a fan of Douglas Adams.)
Leftist aluminum foil hat smears against The Resister originate from economic extortion and political blackmail gangs run by professional victim pull-peddlers, such as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League (an oxymoron) of B’nai B’rith. Other “non-partisan” (which means collectivist) “civil rights” (which means opposed to individual rights) pressure groups have hitchhiked on the Gang-of Three’s rhetoric from time-to-time when they need to fleece some quick cash from stupid, “caring,” Dewey Camp (public school) refugees who get their news from the Telescreen.
To these collectivists The Resister is “proof” that the Army is shot-through with “white” (they mean non-self-sacrificing) “supremacist” (they mean self-confident) “racist” (they mean undeceivably colorblind) “extremist” (they mean principled and uncompromising) men (they mean those guilty of the unpardonable sin of not being faggots or feminists). Of course, The Resister and SFU may wish the above were true, but we know that our wishes do not alter reality, so we will continue publishing until the foregoing is the case. But, that simply illustrates the difference between our methodology and the collectivists’ methodology. The collectivist scam is to advance alarmist hysterics designed to bilk tens-of-millions from Dewey Camp refugees who have more money than intelligence, while providing “experts” to “news” programs whose talking heads grimly nod and purse their lips at All The Right Places in
the scripts those groups provide them. We just tell the truth.
...And tl
A ns * Rt
...And the Heads Under Them active duty Department of the Navy supporter of The esister recently attended a militia conference strictly as an observer. When he asked self-appointed “generals” what they thought about The Resister they, for the most part, said they did not care for it because, u[The Resister] said [the militia] were just so much cannon-fodder.”
Not true. What we did say was that the so-called militias would not last a month against the standing army. Apparently, a single truthful, “ 1 " historically accurate sentence hurt their feelings sufficiendy that, prima facie, they discount The Resister. Which
tions) don’t like it—who does like The Resister?
Who A.
T
is
Leftist aluminum foil hat smears against The Resister originate from economic extortion and
no loss (actually, a political blackmail gangs relief) to us, but r t ^	°	,	0
does put the lie to the SPLC and ADL panic mongers’ “concerns” about “extremist” penetration of the military.
Colored People, Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League (an oxymoron) of B’nai B’rith.
run by professional victim pull-peddlers, such as the National Association for the Advancement of
So,
Jif the “aluminum foil hat crowd” (who feel it’s a CIA false flag operation) don’t like The Resister, and self-appointed “militia leaders”
(who, as individuals, object to being held accountable for the logical consequences of wanting a free lunch) don’t like it, and tribalist-collectiv-ists (who squawk “racist” like parrots every time their extortion scam is exposed) don’t like it, and oppor-tunistic blackmail gangs (who haven’t accused The Resister of being “anti-Semitic”—yet) don’t like it, and Department of Defense nihilists (who find themselves impaled upon their own 1960s’ era appease-the-Communists regula-
Who Cares?
he answer to that question rests in identifying the common denominator among the aforementioned groups, then identifying those who stand in opposition to that common denominator on moral principle. In other words: Who opposes that common denominator on moral grounds simply because it exists?
The clue to identifying the common denominator among such disparate groups is revealed in the mainstream media. Generally, when denouncing The Resister, the media reprints our statement of editorial policy. They don’t do this to denounce the ideas presented in The Resister contrasted against their objections to those ideas. They reprint the statement of policy as a blanket denouncement of the statement of policy! This denouncement is almost always juxtaposed with the gratuitous collectivist swear word “racist,” and the time honored and undefinable Communist anticoncept “extremist” (both being argu-ments-from-intimidation designed to both shut up and shut down their opposition, without any examination of our ideas ever taking place).
The only consistency that has derived from the media’s denouncement of The Resisters statement of policy is that, upon reading it, we get bags of mail from individuals who, having read the statement of policy, subscribe saying they agree with it. Because the statement of policy explicitly denounces any collectivist ideology, the common de-
nominator among groups that dislike The Resister is their adherence, in one form or another, to collectivism.
For the simple reason that our opponents never explicitly define what about The Resister they find objectionable, we present our statement of policy below—in detail— to demonstrate exactly why our opponents are never explicit. Therefore, the following definitions express exactly what The Resister stands for, what it opposes, and why.
WHATTHE RESISTER ADVOCATES
Words are symbols that express concepts. Concepts are mental integrations of two or more concretes which have the same distinguishing characteristics, but with their particular measurements unspecified. Distinguishing characteristics are those attributes of a concrete which literally allow man to distinguish it, and others like it, from everything else. Thus when a word is used in The Resister it has no other meaning than what it explicitly represents; in other words, we mean precisely what we say.
Individual Rights
o other rights exist. Individual rights are often referred to in The Resister as “unalienable rights,” “true rights” or “natural rights” or “fundamental rights,” or simply “rights.” There are, and never can be, any rights other than those belonging to the individual.
You have the right to your own life, to live free of coercion, and to pursue your own happiness (acquisition, use and disposal of property). As used in The Resister, an individual’s exercise of his fundamental rights neither obligates nor coerces any other individual, who is exercising his identical rights, to do anything other than not interfere in the other person’s exercise of his rights. (In political philosophy, individual rights are called “negative” rights, i.e., incurring no obligation
on others: Some examples; a man has the right to express his ideas, but he has no right to compel others to listen; or a man has trie right to offer his labor, but he has no right to a job; or a man has a right to seek education, but he	_
has no right to “an education.”)
Individuals neither gain nor lose rights by belonging to an organization or group because a group is an aggregate of individuals, not a self-existing singularity. “Need” cannot be construed
as a right. There is _____________
no “right” to food, housing, education, work, medical care, or any other parasitic welfare program for the simple reason that somebody else must be coerced (i.e., be forced to sacrifice their life, liberty, or property) to provide those things.
Objectionable is the term “constitutional rights.” This connotes that rights derive from the Constitution, and are not simply enumerated therein.
Particularly objectionable is the term “civil rights.” This once had a legitimate concrete definition describing those individual and American common law rights appertaining the acquisition, use, and disposal of property—and the societal privileges (i.e., voting) and obligations (i.e., jury duty) derived and resulting therefrom. The term “civil rights” was expropriated by collectivists—exploiting that execration, the 14th amendment—who twisted the concept “civil rights” into an anti-concept meaning the utter abrogation of the natural right to acquire, use, and dispose of property and to associate—or not—with those whom an individual chooses of his own free will. The most egregious, deliberate assault on individual rights, liberty, and property in this nation’s history was the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and its legislative progeny.
The Constitution is written objective law.
It is not a “living document” subject to change by the personal subjective whims of the Nine Robed Dictators.
We will never acknowledge legitimacy of the term “human rights” (as opposed to what, exactly?) The term human rights” is a Communist construct invented solely for the purpose of opposing property rights ___ and thereby “legitimizing” the theft of
alist assault rights.
not only property, but also the extinction of self-determination. Witness the “civil rights movement” slogan, “Human Rights Over Property Rights!” The United Nations Declaration of Human Rights is collectivist filth and a blatant internation-on true individual
Strict Constitutionalism
Tmbe Resister is edited and published by active duty and retired Special Forces soldiers. We took a solemn oath to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. That oath explicitly demands that the philosophical principles from which the Constitution was derived—the concomitants of individual liberty, limited republican government, and laissez-faire capitalism—must also be upheld and defended (or the Constitution, and our oath to defend it, have no meaning), regrettably, as it turns out, from our own federal government. Foreign enemies are easy to identify and kill. The true threat to America resides in its domestic enemies.
The Resister recognizes no interpretation of the Constitution and Bill of Rights, or their intent, other than those of the Framers and authors of the Constitution, and commentaries in agreement with the Framers and authors of the Constitution whose works antedate the War for Southern Independence. The Resister holds illegitimate and repugnant to the Constitution the 11th and 12th Amendments, and all amendments to the Constitution
44
Vol. IV, No. 1
postdating the “Civil War.” Supreme Court decisions on issues of constitutionality are null as the Supreme Court has no constitutional authority to “interpret” the Constitution. The Constitution is written objective law. It is not a “living document” subject to change by the personal subjective whims of the Nine Robed Dictators.
The Resister adheres to the principle that the several States are sovereign republics in all powers not specifically delegated to the general government in the Constitution, that individuals are citizens of their respective States, and citizens of America only generally. The Constitution, as written and intended, does not bind the several states in matters not delegated to Congress, nor does it bind individuals—it binds the federal government.
Limited Government
Government, simply defined, is delegated force. People jealous of their lives, liberty and property, delegate to government only those powers necessary to defend them from external threats, to protect their individual rights (the national government), and to protect them from domestic force and fraud (local and state government). Legitimate government may exercise only those powers delegated to it. Where the originalfederal and state constitutions are silent\ government has no authority.
When government exceeds its delegated authority it must be resisted. The quote from The Resister's editorial page masthead, “No man’s life, liberty, or property is safe while the legislature is in session,” is not a pithy slogan—it is an axiom.
Patriotism
It was discovered early on that The Resister couldn’t communicate the simple concept of “legitimate interests abroad which tangibly benefit Americans” in anything less than a descriptive sentence. Words which should have communicated that, or which once did, (patriotism) had been twisted and perverted into anti-concepts
(isolationism) by altruists and nihilists. “Legitimate interests abroad which tangibly benefit Americans” we therefore resurrect as Patriotism in its original meaning. A patriot is “A person who loves his country, and zealously supports and defend it and its interests.” [An American Dictionary of the English Language, Noah Webster, 1832.] This term exactly describes our unwillingness to self-immolate around the world and stands in contradistinction to internationalism (which demands national self-immolation.)
The Resister stands on the principle that American foreign policy must I be devoted solely to America’s national self-interests, that it repudiate all foreign “aid” and it must refuse to expend our | national treasure, national resources, or sacrifice our military, in the service of “others.”
Laissez-Faire Capitalism
When we speak about “capitalism” we mean uncontrolled, unrestrained, unregulated laissez-faire. Laissez-faire necessarily means the separation of the state and economics, a gold standard and specie currency, private banking, private ownership of property, and that all human relationships are voluntary. Laissez-faire capitalism is the only economic system that guarantees individual rights and liberty because only laissez-faire bans the use of force in relationships between men.
Tlicanism
he American system of government was founded as a Constitutional Republic, not a democracy. Democracy necessarily means unlimited majority rule. Democracy is a form of collectivism which denies the rights of the smallest minority—the individual. By design, our constitutional republic limited majority rule to lesser details, such as electing representatives who served for only brief periods. But the majority had no say in the
When government exceeds its delegated authority it must be resisted.
principles governing the government, nor did their representatives have the power to legislate the infringement of individual rights.
Republicanism protects individual rights by separating the legislative, judicial and executive powers of government. The government of the Constitutional Republic was designed to ensure legislative “gridlock” under all but the most pressing national emergencies (i.e., invasion or insurrection.) Republicanism further protects individual rights by limiting suffrage to the rational, the educated, the mature, and the productive. Voting is a derivative right, not a fundamental right.
Popular representation of those qualified to vote was limited to the House of Representatives. The states were equally represented by senators elected by state legislatures. The president was elected by the electoral college, which was intended to be chosen by states’ legislatures in any manner they saw fit, and electors were expected to make their votes for president based on their individual determinations (meaning: their individual judgment) without regard to outside influences. The Resister advocates marginalizing political parties.
It is a matter of historical record that the collectivists’ assault on laissez-faire and republican government began with party politics and demands for universal suffrage.
T
WHATTHE RESISTER OPPOSES
'he majority of ideas and concepts rejected by The Resister are logical derivatives of a single ageless evil: Altruism. They were split into concretes in the statement of editorial policy for editorial ease.
sm
foe premise of altruism denies that man has a right to exist for his own sake. Altruism posits that man exists only to serve
“others” and that any man’s life is forfeit to the first “other” who makes a demand upon it. The indivisible primary of altruism is self-sacrifice; self is considered evil, and immolation of self is held as good. Altruism is a “moral code” fit only for and advocated only by cannibals—or by those willing to be eaten by them—and results only in death.
In fact, man’s very nature requires that he serve his own needs as best determined by his own rational judgment. To do anything less is to put his survival into the hands of others or random chance. Thus, altruism is a false doctrine. As such, it can only be “justified” by appeals to the mystic fog of feelings, the insufferable twists of a dialectic, or the arbitrarily asserted proclamations of divine revelation. These serve equally as the rationalizations of a petty thief, and the tyranny of a dictatorship.
Collectivism
Collectivism is a necessary corollary and social extension of altruism. Collectivism is the subordination and subjugation of the individual to the group, tribe, race, class, society, or the state. Collectivism is the utter negation of the individual. The central premise of collectivism is that man s thoughts and actions must serve “the common good.” The collective (of any size) is reality and self-sacrifice to the collective is the only “value” man has in society.
Because a collective is not a real entity, it logically depends upon mysticism to lend it existence—and even then only as a phantom. Collectives are always conceived by elite intelligentsia of mystics of mind who claim to be endowed with magical insight that transcends logic and reality. They in turn provide rationales for the dictators (mystics of muscle) whose only truthful claim is that they are endowed with the might to enforce their whims on innocent victims. Collectivism posits that the individual is a non-entity, voluntary associations among individuals are “anti-social,” man’s life belongs to the group, and that
the group may sacrifice him for the “good or the whole.”
Statism
Whereas collectivism is the Bsocial implementation of Baltruism, statism is the political implemen-Itation of it. premise of statism is that a man’s life, work, and creative effort belong to the state, and that the state may dispose of a man’s productive efforts, or his very life, in any manner the state sees fit. A statist believes that some men have the right to coerce oth-1 ers. Statism reduces	I
government to a criminal gang which uses “law” to rationalize its “right” to initiate physical force against its citizens. Why, or for what reason, against whom, for whose benefit, are irrelevant questions nobody is permitted to ask— but for which “the public good” is proffered as the unsolicited answer.
Because altruism is a “moral code” of self-immolation, to implement it requires that a government possess sufficient compulsory force to sacrifice any individuals who do not care to sacrifice themselves. Thus, the essential nature of statism is offense against the individual (witness Ruby Ridge). The essential element of statism is brute physical force. The sky’s the limit on each (witness Waco).
Socialism
'■'he premise of socialism is that a man’s life, work, and JL creativity belong to society at large, and that these are merely distributed by the state. A socialist believes that man’s sole reason to exist is to serve society, and that society may dispose of a man at its whim to serve any collective “good.” Socialism denies the existence of property rights. The use and disposition of property belong to “society,” and
production and distribution belong to the state (read government).
Socialists have concrete-bound mentalities unwilling or unable to think in principles. Their social contention is that outward obedience and conformity will bring —egalitarianism, and their economic con-tention is that wealth is static, existing only in a fixed unchangeable quan-
Democracy denies an individual’s fundamental rights because in practice the rathe,r than.|f
r	ing	created	at	will	by
only standard of right man. The only dis-or wrong is what the majority decide because the majority decided.
tinction between a democracy, a welfare state, a fascist state, or a communist state, is the time required for each to evolve from their
predecessors.
Unlimited Democracy: A form of collectivism that is the doctrine of unlimited majority rule (ochlocracy). Democracy is a form of collectivism that sacrifices the rights of the smallest minority—the individual—to the largest among the various majorities—the group, the gang, the tribe—and does so on the unforgivable and ancient premise of animals: that might (in numbers) makes right (in policy).
In an unlimited democracy one’s life, liberty and property are at the mercy of any gang that can muster a majority vote to take your life, liberty, and property away for any pur-pose. Democracy denies an individual’s fundamental rights because in practice the only standard of right or wrong is what the majority decide because the majority decided. This, in turn, forces men into adversarial groups, each vying to be the first to rob and destroy before they are robbed or destroyed. In a democracy, government is omnipotent, law is subjective, “morality” is the majority’s whim of the moment, and paranoia is the resulting psychological condition.
Democracy is a form of totalitarianism, not freedom. Democracy is literally “the tyranny of the major-
ity.” Those who advocate it do so as another method of installing just such a tyranny—intending themselves to be the majority. This is evidenced by their constant claims that they are already the majority, and that the rest of us had better simply live with that fact—or else.
Welfare Statism: Also referred to as a “mixed economy.” A mixed economy is a compromise between freedom and dictatorship; between capitalism and socialism, property and “public need,” liberty and government control and regulation, between the fundamental right of the individual to live, and his sacrifice to the “needs” of a constantly fluctuating temporary majority. There are no standards, fixed rules or objective law in a mixed economy—only “consensus” and “bi-partisanship.”
A mixed economy presents a facade of political stability and order that conceals the economic chaos of rival special interest groups, pressure groups, tribes, and political robber gangs who engage in an internecine war of looting and draining the productive components of society and the nation. The only possible means of existing in a mixed economy is the compromise of virtue, value, and morality, to the first gang that offers protection and “pull.
Mixed economies always degenerate into totalitarianism. Welfare statists are not always socialist and do not always advocate “public” control of property. They plead that they simply want government to regulate property use and disposal for the “public good.” That is the defining characteristic of fascism. The United States is rapidly coming to the end of its transition from a welfare state to blatant fascism.
Fascism: A form of socialism that permits the pretense of property acquisition, use and disposal, but reserves to the government the regulation of property use and disposal for the “public good.” Thus government holds the ‘economical,’ political and legal power of life and death over its citizens.
Fascism relies upon mystic revelations to lend socialism credibility. Individual existence is denied, and selfless service to the state, God, das Volk, or race, is held as the standard of “value.” Under fascism, “the economy” must serve “the nation.”
The Resister has said before that America is fast approaching fascism (albeit with communistic social undercurrents) more than outright communism, although the latter obscenity abounds in our modern dunghill of irrationality—academia.
The primary evidence is the fact that every tenet of every philosophy opposed by The Resister—every statement that reality is unknowable, that reason is impotent, that self-interest is evil, and that freedom is detrimental—is accepted almost wholly in America, and was accepted without question in Nazi Germany.
The secondary evidence is that, as a result of these philosophies clashing with the individualist philosophy of the Founders, the United States government almost never attempts to usurp formal ownership of private property, but instead attempts, and succeeds hourly, in usurping every control that defines the very concept of property ownership.
The tertiary evidence is found in a uniquely American inversion of historical fascism. Not as American nationalism, but in the fact that America is increasingly anti-nationalist, which means our “progressive” intellectuals, politicians, “liberals,” and other parasites, still hold the nation as the collective standard of value, but differ from classic fascists in declaring that America is devoid of value.
The quaternary evidence is becoming increasingly apparent in a similar inversion: The fact that America’s future ubermensch—the formal collectors of our demanded sacrifice—are defined racially; the
inversion being, the sacrifice collectors are anybody who is not white.
To reach a level of fascism worse than Nazi Germany’s, a fascism that does not camouflage it’s nihilism with pretenses of national or racial value, but which openly flaunts nihilism as an end unto itself, America lacks only a leader—and time. And “a leader” is precisely what so many Americans continue to stupidly scream for.
Racism
Racism is primitive collective mysticism. It’s premise is that an individual’s political worth and moral significance are a product of his genealogy, and that individuals are to be judged, not by their individual character and actions, but the character and actions of their collective ancestors. Racism further contends that the content of a man’s mind—his values, beliefs, and personal character—are inherited. Racism denies volition and
Communism: Communists are materialist neo-mystics who substitute “scientifically” conditioned reflexes for divine revelations. Communism is the complete negation of individuality in all things. Its fixed premises are sameness, obedi-
Communism is the ence, and confor-complete negation of mity- ™is. .is
*	accomplished by
individuality in all universal servitude
things. Its fixed to the state-In eco"
.	°	nomics, communists
premises are sameness, contend that wealth
obedience, and exists ?nlyin a static
c .	quantity, therefore
conformity.	one man’s success
.......... 1 must result in another man’s failure, therefore property, which is the manifestation of success, is anathema to “society,” and therefore no man may own property. In politics, communists hold social egalitarianism as the ultimate “value.” In ethics, communists (correctly) hold altruism as the code necessary to produce communist egalitarianism, and they have no qualms about forcibly sacrificing the man who does not sacrifice himself.
reason and posits that these are chemically determined.
While other forms of collectivism require a semi-conceptual level of information about a man (such as economic status or birthplace) before reverting to perceptual-level judgment of that information (“us or them”), only racism requires nothing but the perceptual-level information that can be gathered by anybody: outward appearance.
Tribalism
• I \ibalism is symptomatic of an anti-conceptual mentality. JL Tribalism is the opiate of the passive mind which considers itself intellectually impotent and morally unimportant, and therefore is not only compelled to join a group, but due to its perceived inability to judge the merits of available groups, absolves itself of the responsibility of judgment altogether and settles for an unchosen group based on factors over which it has no control— the place of birth, the relatives, or the race. There are two tribalist premises; political and economic.
Political tribalism is the concomitant of irrationalism and collectivism. Tribalism is the logical consequence of modem philosophy, which teaches that reason is not relevant, the individual is helpless, morality is subjective, man has no rights other than those granted by the state, and that a man is nothing and the group is the standard of existence. Tribalism depends upon an arrested intellect, altruism, and self-sacrificing surrender to the group or adopted tribe—which is held as the only protection against an “unknowable” reality.
Economic tribalism, also referred to as tribal-collectivism, is the notion that a man’s productive effort, creativity and wealth are the property of the group, or the tribe, or society, and that everybody has a “right” to “share” it. Tribal-collec-tivism further contends that “the common good,” “the consumer,” or the “responsible use” of resources is the purpose of productive activity.
Internationalism
Internationalism is altruism taken to its inevitable extreme—the self-immolation of America. Internationalism is the notion that America, due to its prosperity, “owes something” to the rest of the world and that America has a “duty” and a “responsibility” and the “obligation” to provide that “something.” Taken to its unspoken (and unspeakable) logical conclusion, the “obligation” that inheres internation-| alism, contends it is America’s “duty” to provide to the world | the minds|
America’s most ere-1 ative and productive individuals, who are sacrifice to any fly covered Third World skeleton squatting in her own filth and holding out her hand in “need.”
Our foreign policy is an extended welfare program, a^ mixed economy of production and I suicide, consisting of an unstable compromise between facts of reality and flights of fancy, between rea-son and unreason, between individualism and altruism, and between freedom and controls—the freedom of our remaining sovereignty, and the controls of our increasingly demanding United Nations masters of African, Asian, and South American looters. The U.N. stands for nothing less than the “right” of some African bureaucrat to rule on the disposition of your life, liberty, and property—for the “good of humanity,” (this time) of course.
Internationalism is cultural egalitarianism. Internationalists posit that any culture, no matter how advanced or primitive, has equal value. Internationalists believe that America’s prosperity was attained at the expense of “others,” thereby somehow depriving those “others” of their “right” to succeed. Internationalism is, therefore, by definition, communistic. (Why does
nobody in the military question why, for the past 65 years, the U.S. State Department—as a policy— seeks “multilateral” conciliation and compromise with Communists?)
The so-called New World Order is a manifestation of internationalism. Its central construct is that no compromise, no appeasement, no debasement in executing our “responsibility” to self-immo-late around the world, is too great for America to bear—or African savages, Asian peasants, or South American serfs to exploit.
The New World Order defines the scope and content of extra-constitutional federal “law” which must be enacted under Article VI to conform with international treaties made by the executive branch with peasants, barbarians and savages. It is the notion that America will willingly self-immolate and “level” itself with the rest of the world.
Pull Politics
Also known as “lobbying.” Political pull is the manifestation of democracy in action—a natural, inevitable, and logical consequence of a mixed economy. Lobbying is the overt exercise of influence peddling for the expressed purpose of gaining political “favor” for some tribe or gang, or for the advocacy of “legislation” proffered by altruists, collectivists, or “public interest” groups.
The exercise of pull politics depends upon ever expanding government agencies and ever increasing volumes of subjective, undefined, undefinable, arbitrary “laws” and regulations. Pull peddling is the tribal politics of parasites, favor seekers, the corrupt, and the greedy for the unearned. It intentionally victimizes the productive, independent, honest, and self-sufficient
$
The U.N. stands for of nothing less than the “right” of some African bureaucrat to rule on the disposition of your life, liberty, and property—for the “good of humanity,” (this time) of course.
RACE, NATION AND THE SOLDIER
Wellington’s Secret Weapon
The qualities that gave rise to a great martial tradition
. by
Steven Schwamenfeld
o
What accounts for the extraordinary expansion of British power in the 18th and 19th centuries? Most “respectable’’ academics offer economic reasons for British success against European powers, and take the view that Western technological superiority accounts for colonial expansion. My study of the British army of the Napoleonic era suggests a different explanation: the moral power of the British soldier, as manifested in his devotion to his regiment, to his nation and—when he was fighting colonial wars—to his race. Patriotic conviction together with contempt for foreigners made the average British soldier the best in the world.
The Invincible Duke
The British army under the command of the Duke of Wellington won 15 general engagements between 1808 and 1815 without suffering a single defeat. Its victories shattered the myth of French invincibility and inspired the resistance of the other European nations.
The most sincere assessment of British arms came from the enemy. The French marshal Nicolas Soult described the victors after his defeat at Albuera in 1811 with rueful
Mr. Schwamenfeld is a writer living in Dundee, New York. He holds an MA in Eu-ropean history.____’’Vi
sarcasm: “[T]here is no beating these troops in spite of their generals. I always thought they were bad soldiers; now I am sure of it. I had turned their right, pierced their center and everywhere victory was mine, but they did not know how to run.” Another French observers, General Chambray, praised the British infantry for its orderliness, impetus and resolution to fight with the bayonet.”
A Prussian observer left this description	of
Wellington’s army:
“For a battle, there is not perhaps in Europe an army equal to the British, that is to say none
whose tuition, disci- ____________
pline, and whole military tendency, is so purely and exclusively calculated to giving battle. The British soldier is vigorous, well-fed, by nature highly brave and intrepid, trained to the most rigorous discipline and admirably well-armed. The infantry resist the attack of cavalry with great confidence, and when taken in the flank or rear, British troops are less disconcerted than any other European Army.”
Although it is the Duke of Wellington’s forces that are ofjjar-ticular interest to us here, the British infantry had long been redoubtable, and maintained its
prowess well after the Iron Duke’s day. A Spanish chronicler, writing in 1486, left us this description of a force of English bowmen:
“This cavalier was from the island of England and brought with him a train of his vassals, men who had been hardened in certain civil wars which had raged in their country.... They were withal of great pride, but it was not like our own inflammable Spanish pride.... [T]heir pride was silent and contumelious. Though from a remote and somewhat barbarous island, they yet believed themselves the most perfect men on earth....With all this, it must be said of them that they were marvelous good men in the field, dexterous archers and powerful with the battleaxe. In their great pride and self-will, they always sought to press in their advantage and take the post of danger.... They did not rush forward fiercely, or make a brilliant onset, like the Moorish and Spanish troops, but went into the Fight deliberately and persisted obstinately and were slow to find out when
Patriotic conviction together with contempt for foreigners made the
average British soldier they were beaten.^
the best in the world. Likewise, in
1854, two years after Wellington’s death, the armies he had commanded were still an astonishing force. The battle of Alma, during the Crimean War, gave rise to this first-hand account:
“...the Grenadiers % and Coldstreamers [and Scots Guards], though under a deadly fire, formed into line with as much precision and lack of hurry as if they had been on the parade ground, and began deliberately to advance up the glacis toward the Great Redoubt.
“It was an unforgettable sight. The men marched as if they were taking part in a review. Storm after storm of bullets, grape, shrapnel,
and round shot tore through them, man after man fell, but the pace never altered, the line closed in and continued, ‘ceremoniously and with dignity,’ as an eyewitness wrote, on its way.... The Guards marched into the Great Redoubt, and there was a shout of triumph so loud that William Howard Russell [correspondent for The Times] heard it on the opposite bank—the battle of the Alma had been won.
“A French officer turned to [British Colonel] Evelyn Wood.... ‘Our men could not have done it,’ he said.”
How were the British capable of such feats of arms? It was partially the result of intense training. The great French militaiy theorist Baron de Jomini believed only British troops were adequately trained to fight in a thin, two-deep battle line. It required a maximum of discipline to maneuver in this unwieldy formation; less trained troops required a deeper formation to maintain cohesion.
In addition, British troops displayed a tremendous corporate loyalty, not only to their regiments but to their nation. Almost alone among the armies of the 17th and 18th centuries, the British army possessed no permanent mercenary units. It was always a national force. As the historian of 18th century warfare, Christopher Duffy, writes: “the most pronounced moral traits of the English were violence and patriotism.... All classes were united in their contempt for foreigners.” It was this ferocious patriotism that helped breed, in Samuel Johnson’s words, “a peasantry of heroes.”
The uniquely nationalist sentiment of the English soldier dates back long into the past. To quote historian Linda Colley: “a popular sense of Englishness... considerably predates the French Revolution.” An Italian visitor to England in 1548 described his hosts thus: “the English are commonly destitute of good breeding, and are despisers of foreigners, since they esteem him a wretched being and but half a man who may be born elsewhere than in Britain. This was true not only of
the aristocracy but of the common people as well. It was especially true of bowmem. They were of peasant stock but, in the words of the 15th century jurist, Sir John Fortescue, who fought at their side, they were the men whom “the might of the realm of England standyth upon.” The English archers of the Middle Ages left no memoirs about their contempt for foreigners, but their successors in Wellington’s time did.
Here is Private William Wheeler of the 51st Light Infantry on Britain’s allies during the Peninsular War (1808-1814):
“What an ignorant, superstitious, priest-ridden, dirty, lousy set of poor ——
devils are the Portu-	i
guese. Without see- Bntlsh trooPs ing them it is	displayed	a
impossible to con- . _ _ j ceive there exists , tremendous corporate
loyalty, not only to
their regiments but to sufficiency of the ®	#	best	officers	in	the
their nation.	world, with the	very
——— least of all preten-
ceive there exists people in Europe so debased. The filthiest pigsty is a palace to the filthy houses| in this dirty stinking — city [Lisbon], all the dirt made in the houses is thrown into the streets, where it remains baking until a storm of rain washes it away. The streets are crowded with half-starved dogs, fat Priests and lousy people. The dogs should all be destroyed, the able-bodied Priests drafted into the Army, half the remainder should be made to keep the city clean, and the remainder if they did not inculcate the necessity of personal cleanliness should be hanged.”
Sgt. John Cooper of the 7th Fusiliers was no more complimentary about Spaniards: “The lower orders of this nation are dirty in their persons, filthy in their habits, obscene in their language, and vindictive in their tempers. Their houses are intolerably smoky and vermin abound.”
Observations such as these are to be found throughout soldiers’ memoirs. About the military prowess of their Iberian allies, Sgt. William Lawrence of the 40th wrote: “the smell of powder often seemed to
cause them to be missing when wanted.” Sgt. William Surtees of the 95th Rifles recalled the Duke of Wellington’s jest about a Spanish division fleeing the field from the Battle of Toulouse in 1814; Wellington “wondered whether the Pyrenees would bring them up again, they seemed to have got such a fright.” Surtees asserted that the Duke “did not indeed depend on their valour, or he would have made a bad winding up of his Peninsular campaign.”
On first viewing a Spanish army, Sgt. Andrew Pearson of the 61st recalled: “Falstaff s ragged regiment would have done honour to any force compared to 1	the	men	before	us.”
Surtees described the Spanish officer corps thus:
“In short, they had all the pride, arrogance, and self-
an
sions to haveH high opinion of themselves; it is true they were not all alike, but the majority of them were the most haughty, and at the same time most contemptible creatures in the shape of officers, that I ever beheld.”
The British had an entirely different view of their own superiors. Rifleman John Harris of the 95th wrote this of his Brigadier, William Beresford:
“He was equal to his business, too, I would say; and he amongst others of our generals, often made me think that the French army had nothing to show in the shape of officers who could at all compare to ours. There was a noble bearing in our leaders, which they, on the French side (as far as I was capable of observing) had not; ...They are a strange set, the English! and so determined and unconquerable, that they will have their way if they can. Indeed, it requires one who has authority in his face, as well as at his back, to make them respect and obey him.”
The RESISTER
Harris frankly believed that the British aristocracy produced the finest leaders of men in the world.
Britain was very much a class society, but in battle the shared characteristics of courage, stoicism and perseverance united all. Thomas Howell, of the 71st Highlanders, was a man of some gentility, who joined the army as a private as a result of financial disaster. He had a difficult time adjusting to life among men of a lower class. However, he left this moving account of his rough-hewn comrades during his first battle with the French:
“In our first charge I felt my mind waver, a breathless sensation came over me. The silence was appalling. I looked alongst the line. It was enough to assure me. The steady, determined scowl of my companions assured my heart and gave me determination. How unlike the noisy advance of the French!”
During the Peninsular War, the British had a far higher regard for their enemy than for their allies. They regarded the French as brave, if erratic, soldiers and generally chivalrous. One of the few really negative descriptions comes from Sgt. Edward Costello of the 95th Rifles, and it is a condemnation of only a specific group of men rather than of the French nation. It casts light on those qualities that either impressed or revolted British soldiers.
After the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo in 1812, some French prisoners were present at the interment of British dead:
“One more careless than the rest viewed the occurrence with a kind of malicious sneer, which so enraged our men that one of them, taking the little tawny-looking Italian by the nape of his neck, kicked his hind-quarters soundly for it. I could not, at the time, help remarking the very under-sized appearance of the Frenchmen. They were the ugliest set I ever saw, and seemed to be the refuse of their army, and looked more like Italians than Frenchmen.”
Wellington’s men had a stoic pride that, in their minds, set them apart from men of any other nation-
ality. A remarkable incident was recorded by Sgt. Edward Costello when he was recovering from a wound received at I the Battle of Salamanca in July 1812. His hospital ward was under the charge of a fellow Irishman, Sgt.
Michael Connelly:
“Mike was exceedingly attentive to the sick, and particularly anxious that the British soldier, when dying, should hold out a pattern of firmness to the Frenchmen who lay intermixed with us | in the same wards. ‘Hould yourl tongue, ye blathering devil,’ he would say in a low tone, ‘and don’t be after disgracing your country in the teeth of these ‘ere furriners, by dying hard. Ye’ll have company at your burial, won’t you? Ye’ll have the drums beating and the guns firing over ye, won’t ye? ...For God’s sake, die like a man before these ‘ere Frenchers.’”
After Waterloo, Costello again found himself in hospital, this time in Brussels, and recorded something even more remarkable:
“I remained in Brussels three days, and had ample means here, as in several other places, such as Salamanca, &£., for witnessing the cutting off of legs and arms. The French I have ever found to be brave, yet I cannot say they will undergo a surgical operation with the cool, unflinching spirit of a British soldier. An incident which came under my notice may in some measure show the differences of the two nations. An English soldier belonging to, if I recollect rightly, the 1st Royal Dragoons, evidently an old weather-beaten warfarer, while undergoing the amputation of an arm below the elbow, held the injured limb in his other hand without betraying the slightest emotion, save occasionally helping out his pain by spirting forth the proceeds of a large plug of tobacco, which he chewed
most unmercifully while under the operation. Near to him was a Frenchman, bellowing lustily, while a surgeon was probing for a ball near the shoulder. This seemed to annoy the Englishman more than anything else, and so much so, that as soon as his arm was amputated, he struck the Frenchman a smart blow across the breech with the severed limb, holding it at the wrist, saying, ‘Here, take that, and stuff it down your
J
throat, and stop your damn bellowing!”’
The Colonial Campaigns
Warfare against non-Europeans inspired a far greater sense of distance and alienness. John Shipp of the 87th, the only man of his era to win two commissions from the ranks, wrote of battle against the “Caffres” of South Africa:
“At every farmhouse in our line of march we found appalling scenes of murder and desolation. Whole families had been massacred by these wild people, whose devastations it was now our duty to check. So ignorant were they, that I am convinced they were unaware that murder is a crime.... The savage Caffre exults in these appalling sights. To his bestial mind the groans of the wounded, and the dying, are the greatest of pleasures. When the frenzy of the attack is on him he is wrought up to ecstasy, dancing and jumping about, and hauling spears at man or beast with reckless abandon.... I have seen them with [murdered] women’s gowns, petticoats, shawls and things tied round their legs and between their toes, capering about the woods in a frenzy of delight.”
Sgt. George Calladine of the 19th recalled his first encounter with Africans: “I certainly saw little naked children running about
Hould your tongue, ye blathering devil, and don’t be after disgracing your country in the teeth of these ‘ere furriners, by dying hard. ...For God’s sake, die like a man before these ‘ere Frenchers.
which, if I had seen nothing of them but their faces, I should have taken them for monkeys.” Sgt. Pearson wrote of the “Caffres” with more sympathy, marveling at their physiques: “six feet six inches to seven feet, with most symmetrical figures.”
William Richardson was a common seamen who served in the Royal Navy between 1793 and 1819. Before being impressed into the Navy he served on several merchant vessels, including a slaver. He recorded his impressions of the trade:
“Some people in England think that we hunt and catch the slaves ourselves, but this is a mistaken idea, for we get them by barter as follows: their petty kings and traders get them not so much by wars (as is imagined) as by trade and treachery, and when they get a number for sale bringthem to the coast and sell them.... There was one of their
K kings who, when he came on 1, would strut along the deck as if he had been one of the greatest men in the world: he was a little fat fellow dressed in a suit of coarse blue cloth edged with something like yellow worsted, but what spoiled all was that he had no shirt, shoes or stockings on, and his naked black feet and legs being dabbed over with mud and salt water, made him a laughingstock to the sailors; but did not put him out of conceit of himself.*
Colonial wars were not confined to Africa. Thomas Howell of the 71st Highlanders recorded his none too flattering impressions of the Indians of Montevideo:
“The native women were the most uncomely I ever beheld. They have broad noses, thick lips, and are of very small stature. Their hair, which is long, black and hard to the feel, they wear frizzled up in front in the most hideous manner, while it hangs down their backs below the waist. When they dress they stick in it feathers and flowers, and walk about in all the pride of ugliness. The men... are brave, but indolent to excess.... As for their idleness, I have seen them lie stretched, for a whole day, gazing upon the river,
and their wives bring them their victuals; and if they were not pleased with the quantity, they would beat them furiously. This is the only exertion they make willingly—venting their fury upon their wives.” These remarks concerning the physical characteristics of Africans and Indians (not to mention Latins) point to the British soldier’s racial consciousness as part of his patriotism. This is not to say that the British soldier! loathed non-European foes because of race; it was because of the latter’s savagery. Sgt. James Thompson served with the 78th Highlanders at Quebec in 1759, during one of the North American campaigns of the |
Seven Years War. He witnessed the I repulse of a British attack on the lie d’Orleans: “When the French saw us far enough on the retreat, they sent their savages to scalp and toma-hawk our poor fellows that lay wounded on the beach.”
During the War of 1812, British troops this time found themselves allied to Indians. Historian Donald Graves describes an event that took place after the Battle of Lundy’s Lane in 1814: “Sergeant Commins of the 8th and Private Byfield of the 41st watched with horror as an Indian ‘busy in plundering came to an American that had been severely wounded and not being able to get the man’s boots off threw him into the fire.’ A nearby British regular ‘filled with indignation for such barbarity shot the Indian and threw him onto the fire to suffer for his unprincipled villainy.’”
Sgt. William Lawrence of the 40th described a grisly encounter with Indians near Buenos Aires in 1807. A corporal and a private were killed while destroying native huts: “This was a great glory to the natives; they stuck the corporal’s head on a pole and carried it in front of their little band on the march.” Later: “As we marched along on our next day’s journey, about two hundred Indians kept following us, the
foremost of them wearing our dead corporal’s jacket, and carrying his head—I do not know for what reason, but perhaps they thought a good deal more of a dead man’s head than we should feel disposed to do.”
Later the 200 Indians attacked Lawrence’s party of 20 infantrymen and were easily repulsed, they “not liking the smell and much less the taste of our gunpowder.” The Indian chief who carried the corporal’s head was wounded and captured by the British. He was not killed out of hand but was treated according to civilized custom and left with friendly Indians to be nursed back to health.
It did not take long for non-Europeans to discover and profit from the differences between British and native warfare. Sir Evelyn Wood writes of interrogating Zulu prisoners in 1879 after the battle of Kambula:
“When I had obtained all the information I required I said, ‘Before Isandwhlana [an 1879 battle in which a Zulu army of20,000 routed and massacred 800 encamped British infantry] we treated all your wounded men in our hospital. But when you attacked our camp your brethren, our black patients, rose and helped to kill those who had been attending on them. Can any of you advance any reason why I should not kill you?’ One of the younger men, with an intelligent face, asked, ‘May I speak?’ ‘Yes.’ There is a very good reason why you should not kill us. We kill you because it is the custom of the black men [to kill prisoners]. But it isn’t the white man’s custom.’”
The Englishman reportedly had no answer to this, and the blacks were later freed.
When it came to actual warfare against non-white armies, the popular conception is of an unfair contest with European colonial troops discharging advanced weaponry on natives armed with sticks
This is not to say that the British soldier loathed non-European foes because of race; it was because of the latter’s savagery.
and clubs. The truth was often quite different. In discussing Wellington’s great victory over a Mahratta (Indian) army six times the size of his own at Assaye in 1803, historian Jeremy Black points out that “success owed much to a bayonet charge, scarcely conforming to the standard image of Western armies gunning down masses of non-European troops relying on cold steel. This contemporary historian refrains from analyzing how that small red-coated force achieved its moral triumph, and certainly does not discuss any patriotic or racialist motivations it may have possessed. The British commander knew better.
The Duke of Wellington is notorious for describing his infantry as the “scum of the earth.” Yet this was most of all a description of their social class and their vices (drink above all). In battle, the British soldier was “the item upon which victory depends.” On his return from India in 1804, Wellington wrote a memorandum in which he offered an explanation for the incredible achievements of the British, especially in India. It should be studied by all military “experts” who would deride the importance of national (and racial) feeling among soldiers:
“The English soldiers are the main foundation of the British power in Asia. They are a body with habits, manners and qualities peculiar to them in the East Indies. Bravery is the characteristic of the British army in all quarters of the world; but no other quarter has afforded such striking examples of the existence of this quality in the soldiers as the East Indies. An instance of their misbehavior in the field has never been known; and particularly those who have been for some time in that country cannot be ordered upon any service, however dangerous or arduous, that they will not effect, not only with bravery, but a degree of skill not often witnessed in persons of their description in other parts of the world. I attribute these qualities, which are peculiar to them in the East Indies, to the distinctness of their class in that
country from all others existing in it. They feel they are a distinct and superior class to the rest of the world which surrounds them; and their actions correspond with their high notions of their own superiority.... Their weaknesses and vices, however repugnant to the feelings and prejudices of the Natives, are passed over in the contemplation of their excellent qualities as soldiers, of which no nation has hitherto given such extraordinary instances. These qualities are the foundation of the British strength in Asia, and of that opinion by which it p is generally supposed that the British empire has been gained and upheld.
These qualities show in what manner nations, consisting of millions, are governed by 30,000 strangers....”
Thus it was through a sense of national superiority, of the white Briton as a being apart, that the British Empire was won and held. Years later, Wellington would state plainly (in a parliamentary debate on Asian Indian participation in the higher levels of the Civil Service): “That the white man has an influence [of a moral kind] which the black man has not.” Wellington would scarcely have been able to credit the notion that one day British governments would discourage racial feelings among their soldiers. He praised the racial arrangements in the Southern United States, and considered them essential if America’s liberal system of government was to survive.
An understanding of the role of race has not entirely died among the British. A ranker (a soldier holding a rank other than that of officer) of the Second World War has left us with an analysis of the motivations of his comrades in Burma. George MacDonald Fraser’s bluntly honest account (put to paper in 1992) should ring as a battle cry for anyone interested in his own nation’s defense:
“There is much talk today of guilt as an aftermath of wars—guilt over killing the enemy, and even guilt for surviving. Much depends on the circumstances, but I doubt if many of the Fourteenth Army lose much sleep over dead Japanese. For one thing they were a no-surrender enemy and if we hadn’t killed them they would surely have killed us. But there was more to it than that. It may appall a generation who have been dragooned into considering racism the ultimate crime, but I believe there was a feeling (there was in me) that the Jap was farther down the human scale than the European. It is a feeling that I see reflected today in institutions and people who would deny hotly that they are subconscious racists—the presence of TV cameras ensured a superficial Jconcern for the Kurdish refugees and Bangladeshi flood victims, but we all know that the Western reaction would have been immeasurably greater if a similar disaster had occurred in Australia or Canada or Europe; some people seem to count more than others, with liberals as well as reactionaries, and it is folly to feel that racial kinship and likeness are not at the bottom of it.”
A measured statement such as this would not be tolerated in America, and this bodes ill for the future, especially the future of our armed forces. As long as the basic principle of racial kinship is denied by our leaders, America's very existence will be in peril. There can be no stability in a society which will not allow its members to favor their own brethren. An army that will deny its soldiers this right is an army on the road to defeat.
This article originally appeared in the April, 1997 issue of American Renaissance (Box 527, Oakton, VA 22124). Sample issue: $3.00. Subscription of 12 monthly issues: $24.00. (Used by permission.)
Thus it was through a sense of national superiority, of the white Briton as a being apart, that the British Empire was won and held.
The RESISTER
SUBVERSION OF THE THIRD AMENDMENT
Civil Military Coalition in the “War on Drugs”
by
J.F.A. Davidson
o
o
Tw soldiers infiltrated the border area late at night, armed for combat. They cautiously established their base position to provide centralized support and communications, then established several Listening and Observation Posts some quarter mile away. Night vision and thermal imaging devices were liberally distributed among the well concealed outposts.
After camouflaging their positions, the soldiers manning the OPs spent the remainder of the night scanning the ground before them, nervously thumbing the safeties on their weapons. They had been briefed about heavily armed border crossers escorting smugglers, so they were taking no chances.
Shortly after dawn, a young man, herding his goats, entered one OP's operational area. He carried a.22 rifle, with which he shot at rocks and other targets of opportunity with the enthusiasm and abandon of a young man teaching himself marksmanship in an area devoid of population.
Suddenly, *something, * so heavily camouflaged that it was not recognizable as a human being, rose from the ground. Startled, the young man turned to run. The sound of a m ilitary caliber rifle reverberated over the terrain—and a young, frightened goat herder died in the dust.
A scene from the Russian Afghanistan border? A replay from the Sino-Soviet “border dispute?"
No; just another “unfortunate incident" along the U.S. Mexican border involving U. S. military personnel and American citizens—in the name of the “War on Drugs. "
This article was first published in abridged form in The New American (01 September, 1997) under the tide: “Quartered Among Us."
Libert
E
A Standing Army, Dangerous to Liberty
very totalitarian government requires an “enemy" to justify its excesses. Our executive branch dictator-ship is no exception.
Since the rise of American collectivism under the Lincoln administration, most American presidents have declared “war,” or the “moral equivalent of war,” on something, or somebody—anything, or anybody, will do—in order to justify the further expansion of federal powers over the everyday lives of Americans.
The Third amendment is usually ignored during discussions about federal government arrogation of powers not delegated to it in the Constitution by the sovereign governments of the several states. The Third amendment reads:
No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the
Every totalitarian government requires an “enemy” to justify its excesses.
consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.
On the surface, the prohibition against quartering troops in “any house, without the consent of the Owner” seems quaintly anchored in the 18th century. It apparently involves none of the fundamental issues of individual liberty inherent in the other amendments. In fact, the Third amendment is firmly grounded in the Framer’s recognition that government is the institutionalized monopoly of force; that the instrument of that monopoly is the standing army, and that unless government is constrained by rigidly defined constitutional limits on the use of force—backed up by an armed populace every ready to refresh the Tree of Liberty with the blood of tyrants—a standing army becomes an instrument of despotism, not one of national defense.
During the ratification debates surrounding the adoption of the Constitution, held between September 1787, and August 1788, few issues generated as much heated controversy than the es-tablishment of a standing army.
The Federalists, proponents of a ________________ strong	central	government, argued forcibly for a standing army capable of fending off invasions and suppressing rebellion. The Anti-federalists, proponents of strictly limited federal powers and strong states’ governments, argued equally forcibly against a large standing army, which they perceived as a potential threat to both states’ sovereignty and individual liberty.
Given American history over the past 132 years, it is not difficult to discern who was right. Patrick Henry, in particular, affirmed Antifederalist reservations about unchecked federal control of both a
standing army and states’ militia (Article I, section 8) when he argued during the Virginia ratification debates:
To me this appears a very alarming power, when unlimited. They are not only to raise, but to support armies; and this support is to go to the utmost abilities of the United States. If Congress shall say, that the general welfare requires it, they may keep armies continually on foot. There is no controul on Congress in raising and station ing them. They may billet them on the people at pleasure. This unlimited authority is a most dangerous power: Its principles are despotic. If it be unbounded, it must lead to despotism. For the power of the people in a free Government, is supposed to be paramount to the existing power. Virginia Convention, 1788
Particularly significant is the fact that, during the ratification debates in the states’ legislatures, bills of rights proposed by the Anti-federalists, universally juxtaposed the individual’s right to bear arms, the militia as the armedforce of the state and posse comitatus, the prohibition on quartering federal troops amongst the people, and declarations that standing armies in time of peace are dangerous to individual liberty.
Those declarations were not arbitrarily derived. They were based on the fact that, at the time, standing armies were used domestically to enforce unpopular laws, keep the population subjugated, and impel the dictates of the central government. In other words, in times of peace, standing armies were the central government’s police.
In context therefore, the premise underpinning the Third amendment was the individual’s unalienable right to be free from the exercise of arbitrary, capricious, and despotic compulsion by armed forces answerable only to the executive branch of the central government. The Third amendment prohibition against quartering troops amongst the population was
simply the expression of that fundamental right.
As described by William Rawle, in his definitive 1825 work, A View of the Constitution, the quartering of troops among the people in times of peace, “...by a government hav-| ing improper views... might be rendered an indirect and I odious means of compelling submission to improper measures.” Considering the collectivization of “law” since 1865, to this date, it is difficult to find exceptions to Rawle’s warning.
In short, the Third amendment means nothing less than the people shall be let alone to conduct their lives and business without government intervention, interference, or supervision.
Reconstruction
Anti-federalist fears about the despotic use of the standing army to enforce domestic law came to fruition with the Reconstruction Acts following the War for Southern Independence. Reconstruction was martial law, enforced by federal troops, designed to crush any expression of Southern intractability against what they considered to be a federal Union dictatorship. Whatever your thoughts about the outcome of the “Civil War,” Reconstruction was a brutal, arbitrary, and capricious exercise in the abuse of federal powers, including the use of the standing Army of the United States to enforce domestic “law.”
So oppressive were the Reconstruction acts that President Johnson vetoed every Reconstruction bill the Lincoln Republican Congress sent to him. In his veto of the first Reconstruction Act of 1867 he stated; “It is plain that the authority given to the military officer amounts to absolute despotism. But to make it still more
unendurable, the bill provides that it may be delegated to as many sub-ordinates as he chooses to appoint....”
Johnson further asked, “Have we the power to establish and carry into execution a measure like this? I answer, Certainly not, if we derive our authority from the Constitution and if we are bound by the limitations which it imposes.” [Emphasis added.]
The Radical Republican Congress overrode all of President Johnson’s anti-Reconstruction vetoes. This is not surprising, given the RadicalRepublican party was founded by Marxist emigres and leaders of the nascent “social gospel” movement during an 1856 convention in Wisconsin.
Reconstruction excesses by the federal Army of the United States eventually became so egregious— naturally so, both by virtue of martial logic and the multitudinous Reconstruction Acts of a Radical Republican Congress — that congressional dissenters passed the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 into law by only a narrow margin. The act stated, in part:
From and after the passage of this act it shall not be lawful to employ any part of the Army of the United States as a posse comitatus, or otherwise, for the purpose of executing the laws, except in such cases and under such circumstances as such employment of said force may be expressly authorized by the Constitution or by an act of Congress....
The Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 was, in fact, a return to the intent of the Framers to separate federal executive, legislative, and judicial powers. With the passage of the Act, Reconstruction ostensibly ended, having been stripped of its overt martial law compulsion.
In short, the Third amendment means nothing less than the people shall be let alone to conduct their lives and business without government intervention, interference, or supervision.
The prohibition against using the standing Army of the United States to enforce domestic laws was breached on several notable occasions, but generally remained intact until the late 1980’s. The notable exceptions were: The dispersing of the Bonus Marchers in 1932 (perhaps justified in that the Bonus March was organized by the Communist Party USA); the use of federal troops to compel desegregate Southern schools beginning in 1957; (interestingly, U.S. Army enforcement of so-called civil rights legislation throughout the lateT50s and early ‘60s was at the instigation of CPUSA front organizations); and during the late ‘60s the suppression of riots that were instigated by Communist black revolutionaries. (This last use of federal troops was clearly justified.)
Also noteworthy, is the fact that as statist and socialist sentiments within the federal government spread following the “Civil War”— and lacking a legal basis to use federal troops to enforce domestic law —so grew the establishment, multiplication and expansion of inherently unconstitutional executive branch law enforcement, regulatory, “civil rights” and social welfare agencies.
These federal agencies exist for no other purpose than the enforcement of arbitrary, capricious, whim based “laws” designed to expand federal powers at the expense of state sovereignty and individual liberty. These militarized federal agencies now constitute the functional equivalent of a standing army living amongst the people in time of peace—which the Anti-federalists warned against as “dangerous to liberty”—and against whom the Second and Third amendments were specifically intended to protect the people.
True, these myriad militarized federal agencies are not “quartered” in the traditional sense. Instead, their personnel live among us. The very nature of their jobs—population control—sets them distinctly apart from their neighbors because of their belief in the omnipotence
of government. And their training (for example, the FBI teaches its agents that there is no individual right to bear arms) makes them sufficiently hostile to individual liberties that they! constitute the equivalent of occupation forces who work for a government antipathetic to freedom.
Today, the increasing militarization of federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies—aided through duplicity by the Department of Defense—has created the very monster feared by the Founders generally and the Anti-feder- | alists specifically: An armed force,! quartered among the people, under the exclusive control of the executive branch of the federal government.
In that sense, Reconstruction never ended. It just spread out, uniformed troops being replaced by muftied bureaucrats and robed dictators. Liberals are the neo-Recon-struction carpetbaggers, and so-called neo-conservatives its scalawags.
Getting With the Program
In the early 1980s, president Reagan announced the “War on Drugs.” (How war could be declared on inanimate objects was never precisely described, but it sounded good, and promised a significant expansion of federal powers—for the benefit of “the people,” of course.) This pseudo-war generated billions in additional federal spending, and the creation of multitudinous federal and state bureaucracies. This new government decreed domestic war on “something” was very much akin to prohibition.
As with prohibition, declare a vice to be a crime—and viola!—you get an explosion of “crime.” Also,
as with prohibition, declare a vice to be a crime—and viola!—you have an instant expansion of government and along with it, a further expansion of law enforcement to meet the “urgency” of the government created “crime wave.” Of course, that requires—you guessed it—more “laws.” But criminal activity, being essentially an unregulated free market activity, is infinitely more efficient and flexible than government. That fact can be countered by government through the only means at ■—more government, more police, yet more laws,” and more totalitarian population control measures.
Drugs, being a bulk commodity, require processing, transportation, storage, and distribution networks. Being a market commodity, subject to market pressures, drugs generate profits. So the only way for government to wage “war” on drugs is to control the raw materials needed for processing, control the transportation web, control storage facilities, infiltrate distribution nets—but most important—control the flow of money.
Thus do industrial chemicals require government approved ID to purchase. (Need ether to clean the lenses of your telescope? Be prepared to present photo ID and sign for it.) Thus do travelers become subject to police scrutiny. (Don’t even think about paying for a ticket with cash or traveling ohne deinen Ausweispapiere). Thus are homes subject to warrantless search. Thus may you be denounced by anonymous informants. Thus are your bank accounts subject to warrantless inspection and your transactions subject to be reported to the IRS by a bank teller who “feels” your transactions aren’t “normal.” And thus may “the authorities” seize your
...declare a vice to be a crime—and viola!— you have an instant expansion of government, and along with it, a further expansion of law enforcement to meet the “urgency” of the government created “crime wave.”
their disposa
property without cause—or your cash for no other reason than you have it on you and you have “too much.”
“Legislative” outrages against liberty in the name of the “War on Drugs” are legion. But whim based “laws” may be challenged in the courts or repealed. A militarized police force however, cannot be challenged, nor have expanded police forces ever been disbanded when they are no longer needed. They simply find New Crimes to fight. (Witness the transformation of revenue agents into the ATF following the repeal of prohibition. Arguing that federal law enforcement agents shouldn’t have their jobs in the first place, and their “services” are thus forfeit, predictably fall on deaf bureaucratic ears.)
Early in Reagan’s “War on Drugs” there were discussions about using the military to assist federal law enforcement in the interdiction effort. To their credit, many in the Department of Army strongly opposed any participation by the military. They argued that not only would military assistance to law enforcement be a violation of the letter of the Posse Comitatus Act (10 USC 1385) but also subvert the intent of that act (i.e., separating the military and police functions of government.) They argued further that placing the military in close proximity to the drug trade would ultimately result in the corruption of the armed forces.
These dissenters, predictably, were derided as not being “team players” at the same time the “approved” military journals were publishing reams of articles about what a Good Thing military involvement in law enforcement would be to counter this “new threat to national security.”
Also predictably, a compromise with the military was reached while “work arounds” of the Posse Comitatus Act were being researched by Department of Justice and DoD lawyers. This compromise seemed reasonable on its surface. Essentially it stipulated that, if during the course of normal mili-
tary training any member of the armed forces witnessed what could be reasonably construed as drug related criminal activity, he was duty bound to report it to his chain of command, who would then forward that information to the appropriate “authorities.”
That may sound reasonable, but concurrent with that compromise, Operation Alliance was being organized, and was officially established in 1986 under Vice president George Bush. Bush was then acting as the head of the National Narcotics Border Interdiction System I along with Attorney General Edwin Meese III, who was also Chairman of the National Drug Policy Board.
In the military, political sycophancy called “getting with the program.”
It doesn’t matter whose “program” or what the program is, for the simple reason that, beginning in the late ‘60s, the military chiefs began referring to America’s military as “apolitical” rather than its traditional stance of being nonpolitical. Put simply, an apolitical military isn’t concerned with politics, while a nonpolitical military isn’t involved with politics. That subtle shift in wording— and quantum leap in meaning— permitted life to be breathed into organizations devoted to “work arounds” to the Posse Comitatus Act: Operations Alliance and Joint Task Force - 6.
Operation Alliance and Joint Task Force-6 ^ Tnat often goes unrealized \i\f is that military involve V ▼ ment in the “War on Drugs” was planned from its very inception. Anybody who is interested in what the military will be doing in the near future need only subscribe to the military journals that issue from such places as the National War College, the Naval Post Graduate School, and the
What often goes unrealized is that military involvement in the “War on Drugs” was planned from its very inception.
Command and General Staff College, to name but a few.
The commanders of such places, and their key staffs, are “read in” by Establishment planners very early in the stages of policies that are designed to exponentially expand government powers. A careful reading of such institutional journals will reveal not only what is planned, but who will be responsible for implementation. As already mentioned, throughout the early ‘80s these journals published a steady barrage of articles defending the use of the —___ military to support law enforcement in the latest “threat to national security.” (Today these journals expound on the “threat of domestic terrorism.” What they mean is resistance to collectivism
_____________ —but that subject is
beyond the scope of this article. I just thought I’d give you a “heads up.”)
Operation Alliance’s primary function is to bring together state and local law enforcement agencies, and their supporting Active, Reserve, and National Guard forces, with federal agencies in order to provide coordinated support to counterdrug operations along the U.S. Southwest border. Operation Alliance responds to requests for operational support from all law enforcement agencies in the Southwest border region. Its principle purpose is to secure military support for law enforcement agencies from its coordination center at Fort Bliss, Texas.
Alliance operates under the policy guidance of the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP). The ONDCP manages both the international and domestic counterdrug functions of all executive branch agencies. The chairman of the ONDCP answers directly to the National Security Council. Operation Alliance obtains its policy guidance from the Southwest Border Committee and the Operation Alliance Joint Com-
The RtM5 i r^iv
rnand Group (OAJCG), which is under the direction of the Southwest Border High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA) coordinator—who is also the director of Operation Alliance. In other words, Operation Alliance receives “guidance” from itself.
The OAJCG operates under the director of Operation Alliance as a coordinating and planning group. Its members include over 20 federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies. Group meetings are chaired by the Senior Tactical Coordinator; a position that rotates between the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Border Patrol, and the Customs Service. OAJCG meetings generally revolve around ways to obtain military support to domestic law enforcement agencies and operations. Those support requests are then sent forward to Joint Task Force-6 (JTF-6).
JTF-6 was established by the Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, on 15 September, 1989. It is located at Biggs Army Airfield which is, “coincidentally,” directly adjacent to Fort Bliss, Texas, and Operation Alliance. A significant development in the relationship between Operation Alliance and JTF-6 is that prior to 1993, JTF-6*s mission was to provide military support to Drug Law Enforcement Agencies (DLEA). However, in 1993, the word “drug” was changed to “designated.” The acronym DLEA remained unchanged, but its intent was altered dramatically—as was the support JTF-6 began providing police. (It really is important to pay attention to weaslespeak. Totalitarian can’t resist occasionally tipping their hand—a tactic known as a “trial balloon”—which is intended to gauge the progress of brainwashes. In this case, the alteration of the acronym “DLEA” was “sent up” to see whether commanders were sufficiently conditioned to accept support of law enforcement agencies as an acceptable mission. The change from “Drug” LEA to “Designated” LEA went unnoticed.)
“designated.” The acronym DLEA remained unchanged, but its intent was
as was the support JTF-6 began providing police.
JTF-6 serves as the planning, coordinating, and operational headquarters providing Department of Defense support to federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies along the Southwest border. The stated objective of this support is to assist law enforcement agencies in their mission to detect, deter, and disrupt drug trafficking. JTF-6 supports Operation Alliance by planning and coordinating all requested DoD (Title 10) sup-	^^
port.	National
Guard (Title 32)	...in	1993, the word
support to Opera- u ,	„	.	.	■
tion Alliance is co- drug^^schange^ ordinated directly between Operation Alliance and the respective States’ National	Guard
organizations.
JTF-6 provides altered dramatically—|
both operational andl intelligence support to Operation Alliance. Operational support is provided^ using “total force”	I
support packages drawn from a variety of military sources, guided by priorities established by Operation Alliance. In other words, the military support and training provided to law enforcement agencies is determined by the law enforcement agencies. Sort of like welfare recipients determining how much welfare they receive.
All military operations in the Operational Alliance area of responsibility are conducted in support of a lead law enforcement agency. This results in joint active duty military-law enforcement operations. For the duration of the operation, active duty military forces and personnel are placed under operational control (OPCON) of the supported agency.
Militarizing the Police
J[TF-6 routinely provides four I types of operational support to I Operation Alliance. Requests om law enforcement agencies through Operation Alliance for military support from JTF-6 are
continuous, and the military^ tasked for hundreds of such requests every year. To support these requests JTF-6 holds a Semiannual Planning Conference (normally in March and September) at JTF-6 headquarters on Biggs Army Airfield, Texas. Resourced missions, such as Rapid Support Unit, are assigned to active duty units on a rotational basis. Unresourced missions (for example, a reconnaissance mis-|	sion	requested	by
r™™™"™"" the U.S Forest Ser-I vice) are picked up by units on a voluntary basis.
The first type of operational support is reconnaissance support. Ground reconnaissance support includes sensors, listening posts, observation posts, ground surveillance radar, and ground patrols. Aerial reconnais-sance support includes Forward Looking Infrared (FLIR), Side-looking Airborne Radar (SLAR), photographic imagery, and Remotely Piloted Vehicles (RPV). If you are enjoying a camping or hiking trip in a national forest anywhere in the Southwest, there is a better than even chance that your activities and a description of your vehicle are being recorded by soldiers or Marines performing a JTF-6 reconnaissance mission. The information about is then sent forward to the “lead” supported agency for eventual inclusion in the EPIC database.
[Coincident with reconnaissance support, units are tasked to survey possible helicopter landing zones in the national forests, and are told to report any possible “paramilitary training” — indeed, any armed civilians they see or encounter. I remember one reconnaissance mission I was on, my patrol came across several men with military style firearms. A young patrol member wanted to report them as “militia extremists. (Who says our
public schools don’t work?) I was keeping the patrol journal, and reported them as “Several citizens exercising their rights under the 1st and 2nd amendments.”]
The second type of operational support is training. Training support includes patrolling, helicopter insertions ana extractions, sniping, operations and intelligence, and Advanced Military Operations on Urbanized Terrain (AMOUT). [AMOUT cannot by functionally differentiated from Close Quarter Combat (CQC) regardless of DoD quibbling over semantics. Officially, CQC deals with linear targets— planes, trains, busses, etc.. The training and tactical techniques of AMOUT and CQC are however, for all practical purposes, identical.]
The third type of support is logistics. Logistical support includes engineer projects and air and ground transportation. Engineer projects include barrier erection, road repair, and range construction. Air transportation includes UH-60 (conventional aviation units), MH-60 (special operations aviation units) and CH-47 helicopters, as well as provision for support from attack helicopters. Ground transportation support includes loans of military vehicles and the use of tactical vehicles (such as Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicles). Logistical support also includes loans of surveillance equipment; primarily passive and thermal night observation devices.
The fourth type of operational support is Research, Development, and Acquisition (RDA). This involves identifying and demonstrating technologies appropriate to combining military and law enforcement capabilities and operations.
JTF-6 also provides extensive intelligence support to Operation Alliance. JTF-6 provides all-source intelligence and analyzed data from DoD and law enforcement sources to DoD forces deployed in support of law enforcement agencies operating in Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and California. Intelligence support to law enforcement agen-
cies consists of providing the techniques, systems and procedures that facilitate the analysis, “fusion,” and sharing of drug related intelligence in response to specific requests from law enforcement agencies. This intelligence support is provided by attaching DoD intelligence personnel to law enforcement agencies— specifically to the FBI and DEA— and by aerial imag- ■ ery, intelligence in-1 structors, and translators.
This “fusion” of military intelligence and law enforcement intelligence is reflected in the operations of DEA’s El Paso Intelligence Center (EPIC).
EPIC provides operational and tactical intelligence to the law enforcement “community.” It has its own proprietary database, as well as access to other proprietary intelligence databases — such as those belonging to the FBI, CIA, DIA, and NSA. EPIC provides this information to authorized DoD, federal, and state law enforcement agencies. In all, twelve federal agencies are members of EPIC.
There are two other military drug task forces. JTF-5, head quartered at Coast Guard Island, Alameda, California, is responsible for counterdrug operations in the Pacific and Asia and is assigned to support Pacific Command (PACOM). Combined JTF-4 (CJTF-4), head quartered at Key West, Florida, is responsible for counterdrug operations in Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central and South America. CJTF-4 is assigned to Atlantic Command (LANTCOM).
Abuses
If counterdrug operations can be considered an essential mission for U.S. armed forces, then CJTF-4 and JTF-5 should cause us little concern as their operations are directed against foreign nations and nationals. JTF-6 however, should cause us not only concern, but alarm, because its policing opera-
One of the historical truths of totalitarian government is that population control measures are instituted incrementally...
tions are conducted within U.S. borders and target U.S. citizens.
One of the historical truths of totalitarian government is that population control measures are instituted incrementally, and the most reprobate members of society are always the first to be targeted. It’s tempting to dismiss JTF-6’s mission of “fiising” military and law enforce-ment operations and intelligence as a necessary evil to stop the flow of illicit drugs into America. That is exactly what the Establishment is counting on you to think.
For the past 15 years active duty resistance to involvement with law enforcement has been erode —incrementally—by both familiarity in performing such missions, and by DoD dictate. We now have an entire generation of career officers and noncommissioned officers who apprehend no danger in training police, supporting law enforcement operations, and working in cooperation with law enforcement agencies. The most senior of those officers are the very ones now writing articles in professional journals extolling the “virtue” of military involvement in combating “domestic terrorism.” Abuses of the Operation Alli-ance-JTF-6 “coalition” by law enforcement agencies are legion. In many instances police departments will attempt to secure training for their officers through Operation Alliance rather than pay to have their personnel trained by professional police trainers. In other instances law enforcement agencies submit blatantly illegal requests for support. It helps to think of Operational Alliance as a welfare agency distributing military “services” to law enforcement parasites.
In October 1992, Company B, 3d Battalion, 3d Special Forces Group (Airborne) deployed to Davis Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, to perform a 30 day reconnaissance mission on the San Carlos
Apache reservation. The request for | this mission came from the chief of the reservation police, who claimed concern about smugglers using the reservation for the aerial delivery of drugs. About half way through the mission, one of the company intelligence sergeants uncovered the fact that the chief of the reservation police had requested the JTF-6 mission for the sole purpose of exerting his influence over the tribal council, with whom he was having a political battle, and who opposed having U.S. soldiers stomping around the reservation. During the entire 30 day mission no evidence of smuggling, aerial or otherwise, was reported, despite continuous patrols and occupation of observation posts.
Frequently, military liaison officers attached to regional law enforcement drug task Force coordination offices are the worse abusers of the system. The same unit was deployed to March AFB, California, in October 1993 to conduct reconnaissance in the San Bernardino and Angeles National Forests. Midway through the mission, the JTF-6 liaison officer (a Marine major) submitted a request for an aerial reconnaissance mission to “over fly and take photographs” of a private residence—on private property—at the request of the DEA and the San Bernardino county sheriffs department. To his credit, the commander of the SF company, who had his own reservations about the legality of JTF-6, not only declined the mission request, but informed the Marine major that if he submitted another such request he would report him to Forces Command for soliciting violations of laws prohibiting the military from collecting intelligence on American citizens.
Unfortunately, not all commanders have such integrity. Requests such as the above are commonplace —and frequently acted on.
In the summer of 1993, an Operational Detachment “A” assigned to Company B, 2d Battalion, 10th SFG(A), deployed to Padre Island, Texas. The detachment was the Special Operations and Tactics
...in 1989, members of SEAL Team 6 conducted several unilateral “take-
in Los Angeles.
The RESISTER
team for company B. They werel selected for that mission because of] their CQC qualifications. Their mission was officially listed as an AM OUT training mission in support of local law enforcement.
Training completed, they accompanied the police entry team on a drug bust. When details of this flagrant violation of the Posse Comitatus Act were transmitted to 10th Group headquarters, everybody who had access to the message traffic was ordered “Keep your mouths shut!”
From 08 to 161 May, 1994, a training team from the 10th SFG(A) sniper school conducted a sniper course for Ohio law enforce- downs” of crack houses ment agencies at I Camp Perry. That training was con-	I
ducted under color of Project North Star (the Canadian border region sister organization of JTF-6), head quartered in Buffalo, New York.
When the sniper instructors arrived it was discovered that six of the 23 police to be trained were Ohio corrections officers— who had no possible connection to the stated “counterdrug” purview of the mission. In fact, the sniper training had nothing to do with counterdrug operations at all. It was requested by the Ohio agencies because they couldn’t afford to send their officers to a police sniper course.
Perhaps the most serious ongoing abuse of the Posse Comitatus Act is the incestuous relationship between Combat Application Group (a.k.a.: “Delta”) and the FBI’s Hostage Rescue Team. Anybody who has questions about HRT’s behavior at Ruby Ridge or Waco need only reflect on the fact that these two organizations differ in name only. HRT is a clone of CAG, to the extent that they use the same equipment, their training is identical, and HRT uses CAG’s training facilities, instructors, and standard operating procedures.
I call it an incestuous relationship because CAG, by virtue of be-
ing a subordinate unit of the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC), is for all intents and purposes exempt from the Posse Comitatus act. (If they were not exempt their relationship with HRT would be merely adulterous.) This exemption was granted in the summer of 1994, when JSOC was assigned primary responsibility for Counter-Proliferation operations, both overseas and within the continental United States. CAG was
designated	as
JCOC’s action agency within the Army. (The Army spells	it
counterproliferation, but I refuse to go that far.)
JSOC is officially described as “a joint headquarters that
” ensures interoperability [sic] between special operations forces of each service in support of geographical commanders.” Translating weasel into English, JSOC is the headquarters that coordinates the Army’s CAG and Intelligence Support Activity, the Navy’s SEAL Team 6, and Air Force and Marine support to those units. JSOC is responsible for all military counterterrorism. (It will also be responsible for combating “domestic terrorism” against “hate groups” and “right-wing antigovernment extremists.”)
It is significant that JSOC is exempt from Posse Comitatus because so are the Navy and the Marines. The Marines, with notable exceptions, operate within the same constraints as does the Army. But that is a voluntary decision, secured only by a memorandum of understanding (MOU) between the Commandant, USMC, and the Justice Department. If you were wondering why most of the shooting incidents along the Southwest border involve Marines, it is because Army units are generally forbidden to approach closer than 6 miles from the Mexican border, while Marines have no such limitations. Direct
Marine involvement with Border Patrol operations are not construed as violations of Posse Comitatus.
The Navy has signed no such MOU. Indeed, in 1989, members of SEAL Team 6 conducted several unilateral “take-downs” of crack houses in Los Angeles. Credit, of course, was given to LADP’s Metro SWAT team. But because everybody in the counterterrorism business wears the same uniforms, uses the same equipment, weapons and tactics, it’s impossible to tell the operators apart. Indeed, there is hardly a federal agency that has not formed their own private army. Even Housing and Urban Develop-ment has a SWAT unit! And they’re all trained by—you guessed it—either the Army through the auspices of Operation Alliance, CAG, or their clones in HRT.
None of This Happened by Accident
In February 1991, colonels William W. Mendel, and Murl D. Munger (Ret.), of the Strategic Studies Institute, U.S. Army War College, wrote a book intended to be distributed throughout the military command structure and among federal law enforcement agencies entitled: Campaign Planning and the Drug War. In the forward, Attorney General Edwin Meese III remarked;
...military experience is relevant to the effort against illegal drugs. The need to utilize intelligence, develop strategic and operational plans, and conduct coordinated tactical actions I exists as much in the battle against drugs as it does on the battlefield Thus, leaders in the fight against drugs can learn much from tested military techniques.
Campaign Planning and the Drug War was essentially the culmination of the counterdrug “journal debates” of the 1980s. (My personal experience over the past 24 years of active duty, is that when official journals begin publishing articles “debating” an issue, the decision in favor of that issue has already been made. All
they’re really doing is brainwashing their audience to accept it by trying out various methods of implementation, while teaching bandwagon jumpers a new career enhancing weasel vocabulary with which to pepper their briefings and efficiency reports. You’d be amazed at the number of senior officers with ad-vanced degrees from OK universities who actually believe what they’re reading and try to make it happen. Anybody who stands up and says “this is wrong”—in other words, somebody who really does want to debate the issue—is immediately branded “not a team player” and marginalized into obscurity and career death.)
Campaign Plan-\ ning and the Drug\
War was devoted to extolling the virtues of militarizing the planning and decision making processes or civilian law enforcement agencies. The planning process referred to throughout the text is known in the military as campaign planning. In the introduction, colonels Mendel and Munger ask the question; “Was there a gap between National Drug Control Strategy and law enforcement tactical actions that could be bridged by military campaign planning methods...?”
Of course there was, or they wouldn’t have written the book! Major general Paul G. Ceijan, then commandant of the War College, considered this “gap” to be a “void in drug war planning.” To fill this “gap” Mendel and Munger detailed the “Principles, formats, and examples of military operational planning techniques... offered as models for interagency civil-military actions.”
Why did the Army War College consider it necessary to militarize the operational planning procedures of civilian law enforcement agen-
cies? “This is because,” continue Mendel and Munger, “the military could then synchronize its training and budget programs with the planned actions of civilian law enforcement authority.” [!]
By the time Campaign Planning... had been published, all U.S. Army Major Commands (MACOM), and many of their assigned headquarters, had established primary staff positions to deal with and plan counterdrug operations. So Mendel and Munger were addressing an existing military structure and were simply informing law enforcement agencies how to reorganize their staff and planning procedures to match those of their military counterparts.
Since Bush’s War, Coalition Warfare (you can almost sense DoD wants to call it coalitionwarfare—but the Army hasn’t been dumbed-down enough yet for it to work) has become the latest bandwagon for generals seek-ing One More Star. From the Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, down to brigade level, you will find not a single general who contends that the United States can—or should—engage in unilateral action solely in America’s interest. This monstrous (and dare I say, treasonous) idea has been extended to the so-called “War on Drugs.” In fact, the latest buzzword is jointness,” and the recent appointment of General Hugh Shelton as CJCS—besides the enthusiasm he showed reinstalling the Communist Aristide as president of Haiti at U.S. bayonet point—is a reflection of his sympathetic view of merging the several armed forces of America into a joint force. This is referred to as “Purple” in weaslespeak.
The ‘coalition” of military and civilian law enforcement is ad-
The Soviets have such a “coalition headquarters.” It’s called Ministerstvo Gosudarstven noe Bezospasnosti (MGB), or Ministry for State Security. Ask FBI director Louis Freeh about it. He assigned FBI liaison officers there.
dressed by Mendel and Munger in glowing terms, along with a recommendation that a “coalition headquarters” be established to better coordinate military and civilian law enforcement efforts.
The Soviets have such a “coalition headquarters.” It’s called Ministerstvo Gosudarstven n oe\ Bezospasnosti (MGB), or Ministry for State Security. Ask FBI director Louis Freeh about it. He assigned FBI liaison officers there. Also ask Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, general	Hugh	1	"
Shelton. The U.S. and (former?) Soviet armies are now “Partners	for
Peace.” I shouldn't need to remind you that “peace” is the Communist bromide meaning lack of opposition to communism.
The War on Us
Waco was not an aberration. It was a “trial balloon” sent up by those who perceive a “coalition” of military and law enforcement in the alleged “War on Drugs” to be a Good Thing. It was, therefore, a portent of the future. And the military’s involvement in that unspeakable outrage, along with their subsequent cover-up of the magnitude of their involvement, bodes ill for America’s future. Personally, I cannot think of a single totalitarian government that did not eventually, and deliberately, use its military as an internal security force.
Totalitarian governments are forever declaring “war” on something or somebody. They must. For if they don’t, otherwise rational people will begin to question the ever increasing despotic rules, “laws,” regulations and “policies” they live under. And if they’re armed, well... government begins to have problems, doesn’t it?
Normal people desire to live free of tyrannical policies and dictatorial decrees. Yet, lemming like, these same people will stampede across the plain of liberty only to fling
Waco was not an aberration. It was a “trial balloon”
themselves off the cliff of “security” to crash onto the rocks of totalitarianism below, if but some “enemy” is declared—by professional con artists known popularly as “politicians”—to be a threat to their peaceful ways.
Thus did the “Antitrust” rhetoric of the late 1800’s subvert American capitalism and usher in our mixed-economy. Thus did “Making the World Safe for Democracy” forever embroil us in European wars and give us a foreign policy inimicable to " America’s interests. I Thus did the “New Deal” usher in American fascism and make the col-lectivist “left” unassailable. Thus did the “civil rights” movement subvert the very concept of property rights. Thus did the “War on Poverty” utterly abrogate the First amendment. Thus did the “War on Drugs” usher in a militarized nascent police state. And thus will the yet-to-be-de-clared *War on Domestic Terrorism’ result in total despotism.
Have any of these “wars” on a mystical “something” ever ended? No—they were never intended to end. And the “War on Drugs” will never end either.
Does anybody really care if society’s detritus and losers stone themselves into oblivion and eventually kill themselves? I don’t; and you shouldn’t either. If you do care, you have fallen for the oldest con game in history—altruism. And you will die in a labor camp—whether it be confined behind barbed wire, or America's borders—in consequence.
Speaking only for myself, I intend to die a free man—selfish of my liberty, unreconstructed, and unrepentant.
62
Vol. IV, No.
The RESISTER
American Renaissance
Who has made race a problem, and why? What are the real consequences of demands for “tolerance,” “diversity” and “inclusiveness”?
American Renaissance is where some of America’s most thoughtful writers publish what they really think about:
•	Research on racial differences
•	The impact of immigration
•	The demographic future
•	Why “multi-culturalism” is a fraud
•	Race and crime
For a free sample issue, call or write:
American Renaissance Box 1674, Louisville, KY 40201 (502)637-3242
Kevin
L.
Jamison
Attorney at Law
$10.00 Per tape or
NEW RELEASE!
The News Behind the News
by America’s #1 Patriotic Singer
Carl Klang
-featuring his new song The Resister -
Carl klang, PO Box 217 Colton, OB 97017 (563) 824-3.’l71 • e-mail: carl@klaiig.coni Visit the Website! http://www.klang.eom
The right of free speech. The right to remain silent. Don't get them confused! Remain silent and call:
Kevin L. Jamison 5440 N. Oak Kansas City, MO 64118
(816) 455-2669 voice (816) 455-6011 fax
Criminal Law Teacher Special Forces Veteran
$55.00 for the complete collection
Quantity discounts available
Name __________________
Address _______________
City __________________
State _________________
.Amwuiil I nclosed $ __
•Cash. Cheek or Monet Order;
Weapons & Firearms Law Criminal Defense Immigration Law
	
Vol. IV, No. 1	
The Silent .45
The Book, Video, & Magazine Store for quality patriot material.
Check us out and see for yourself why our customers say:
”/ feel like a kid in a candy store. I want one of everything!”
We have the quality because we screen for it.
Check out our Website: http://www.silent45.com Send us an e-mail: samc@sonic.net Request our free catalog:
The Silent .45 P.O. Box 4588 Santa Rosa, CA 95402
NETWORK INFORMATION SHARING
Was Abraham Lincoln Really Honest?
“Militaiy government is thus placed within the domain of international law, its rules the laws of war, while martial law is within the cognizance of municiple law.”
-Major General W.K Birkhimer,
LLB., 1914.
THE BEST LITTLE WAR HOUSE IN
El____ KENNESAW
Sporadic
List
Of
Goodies
$2
Federal
South Main Street Kcnnesaw Georgia 30144 M04) 422-1785
Unidentified Confederate Lt. Gen. Deni Myen CSA
One Artist...
Illustrating the Obscure
Fallacies of American Politics
Illustrative Newsletter Explaining the Importance of the History of Law, and Solution to Emergency Powers.
Four issues per year for donation of 15.00 Post Office Money Order or Cash ONLY to:
Michael Paul: McClinton. general delivery.
Girard Post Office.
Girard, Pennsylvania.
For One 16-Page Issue, Send donation of 5.00.
TOUR OF DUTY
Mondays 1800 - 2000 U (Pacific Standard Time)
With California National Guardsmen SGT Richard Cabral “SP5” Sid Whitt LT Dave Tyner
Now featuring “The Resister Hour” with J.F.A. Davidson 1900 - 2000 U First Monday of every month
KMAKFM 100.3 Satellite: GE1, Tr. 14, C-Band, Audio 7.55 RealAudio <truthradio.com>
64
Vol. IV, No. 1
The legal effect of these constitutional recognitions of the rights of individuals to drfend their property, liberties, and lives, against the government, is to legalize resistance to all injustices and oppression, of every name and nature whatsoever, on the part of government.
Lysander Spooner, 1852
The military value of a partisan's work is not measured in the amount of property destroyed, or the number of men killed or captured, but by the number he keeps watching. John S. Mosby
THE PARTISAN SNIPER
Hgpvv	(Part	1)
What is Sniping and How Does it Work?
by
C. Shore & F.D. Godman
Sniping has nothing to do with long range target shooting. There, we’ve said it. Long range target shooters can yap and snarl all they want—but when it comes to sniping, their parochial shooting club is irrelevant. To be more precise, not only is their passion for punching holes in paper bulls-eye targets at 1000 yards with magnum or custom calibers utterly irrelevant, their marksmanship specialty is as useless to sniping as the technocracy it spawns. The bottom line is that if your sniper rifle isn’t 7.62mm (.308 Winchester) and you can’t hit what your shooting at with de-linked machine-gun ammunition, you’re a pretender.
If you own a copy of John Plaster’s The Ultimate Sniper, you may wish to dispose of it tne same way the Camp Lejune, North Carolina, Marine Corps Scout Sniper School cadre did when they were sent a copy of Plaster’s tome in 1994. They read it, then hung on a
Shore £s? Godman are a sniper pair. They've been working together closely since mid 80's to advance the craft; not always at the same time, or in the same place, butfor the same reasons._
target frame for anybody to shoot. Mr. Plaster promises a new book on the same subject: The Advanced Ul-\ timate Sniper. (We’re simply fascinated by the notion that and ultimate anything can have an advanced version of itself.)
Forget Everything You’ve Learned
The title of this Partisan serial, “The Partisan Sniper,” is a bit of a misnomer. Therd is not one whit of difference between a government approved military sniper and a partisan sniper. Rather, the distinction revolves around how the craft is learned, practiced, and jS ercised.
The military sniper has approved weapons and equipment; the partisan sniper does not. The military sniper has familiar training facilities and bottomless logistical support; the partisan sniper does not. The military sniper has a uniform and government sanction (in other words, a badge); the partisan sniper
is considered an outlaw. In short, all the advantages are on the partisan sniper’s side.
Undoubtedly, if you’re at all interested in sniping, you have a stack of gun and adventure magazines with sniping articles about how to do this, how to make that, and what sort of rifle and ancillary equipage is simply the best. Gather them up, take them to the back yard, and burn them. Let the military snipers read them. When push comes to shove, those articles will be their undoing. The reason is because much of their training is premised on accepting the myths presented in those articles as fact. You, as a partisan sniper, will need a dear objective mind unfettered by non-critical acceptance of third and fourth-hand regurgitation of somebody else’s second-hand misinterpretations of first-hand experience.
Forget also the mythology of sniping history. Sniping, as we know it, began in the trenches on the Western front in World War I. The British, not the Germans, were its progenitors. And while we’re at it, gaggles of mufti clothed Revolutionary War riflemen were not snipers. They were skirmishers. Packs of green uniformed Berdan’s Sharpshooters or individual Confederate Whitworth marksmen were not snipers. They were light infantrymen and individual marksmen. It is simply impossible to snipe with a black powder weapon. Neither were Kommandos of Boers, dug-in on a
Sniping has nothing to do with long range target shooting.
kopje, snipers. They were conventional riflemen. So, if all the accepted myths about the origins of sniping are not true, where did it begin and who started it?
It began in the Scottish highland deer forests. The poachers who haunted them (and property owners who opposed them) started it. They and also gave sniping its lexicon: stalk, glass, ghillie, etc.. They also gave us our working definition of sniping (upon which this series is premised): Sniping is poaching humans.
But poaching is illegal!—cry our detractors. Yes it is. Poaching is an egregious violation of English and American common law property rights. If it makes you ‘feel’ better about yourself you can revert to the word hunting.” Call killing whatever you want. Regardless, sniping is still poaching humans. We don’t deal in rationalizations.
It’s important to call things what they really are, because to be a successful partisan sniper, you need to learn to think, and kill, like a poacher. We mean this in the context that your life as a partisan sniper will be grounded firmly in deception, guile and willful violence unto others (because you want to, not because you’re ordered to). Military snipers are backed up by a pretty sizable (and well armed) mob. The partisan sniper will be out there alone, or at best with a partner. Military snipers go where and do what they’re told. You, on the other hand, need to think and do for yourself. The first step therefore is to put yourself in the correct frame of mind. Coincidentally, learning how to think like a poacher is also our first lesson.
How Observation Works
Sniping is an exercise in deceptive behavior. Deceptive behavior, as opposed to deception per se, is an individual activity whereby the sniper manipulates not only his physical environment for his personal security, but also the observation process of his target— for the purpose of shooting him.
Because the process of observation is generally a mental activity, the sniper’s counter-observation consists of deliberately distorting the observer’s perception of reality. (The terms “observer,” “target” and “sniper” are used interchangeably throughout this section. Because observation is a mental process the description of those mental process must apply equally to both the sniper and his target. If that seems confusing, read this section twice; once from the perspective of the “target” and again from the perspective of the “sniper.”)
The mechanics of observation are a mental and emotional involvement with what is being observed. Observation is con-| ditioned by patterns of perception, which are the processes of selection by which the observer be-| comes aware of the object. The pro-1 cesses of perception occurs through the five physical senses; visual (color-form and movement), auditory, olfactory, gustatory, and tactile. Another rarely considered sense is the categorical sense — the selecting out of the conceptualized concretes of that which is perceived. Deception succeeds when the conceptualized concretes of perception are corrupted. Please note that if there is no observer (i.e., no target to shoot) there is no deception being practiced.
Perception is conditioned by five mental events: Feeling (identification with the object); conceptualization (about the object); directionality (to the object); rapport (with the object), and fixation (on the object).
Physical feeling occurs within the five physical sense perceptions, while mental feeling occurs within the categorical sense perception of that object. The target’s identification with the object can be pleasant, unpleasant, or neutral. Feelings about the object are either subjective (emotional) or objective (cognitive) and can be rejected or accepted depending upon the strength of the target’s Teelings’
about it. Generally, there is either attachment to the object in question, or rejection of it.
Conceptualization is knowledge about an object by association. Conceptualization deals with identifying an object’s defining and specific characteristics. Propositions regarding the object’s defining and specifying characteristics are formulated by one’s perception of the object, information about the object, speculation about the object, and knowledge about the object. In other words, conceptualization is perceiving an object and forming a proposition about it based on the object’s defining or clarifying characteristics, and its non-defining or obscuring character-i s t i c s . Conceptualization also operates in ideas regarding the object, which can also be either subjective or objective. Also, conceptualization operates in the realm of experience with and knowledge of the object. If one has no experience with an object, or no prior knowledge of it, concepts from slowly.
Directionality is the mental activity that sets the mind on a perceived object. Directionality is action conditioned by perception. Directionality occurs in all six senses and is conditioned by sensory situations or activity. This is the most important of the five mental events because it is intentional, and is premised on the actions the observer will take with reference to the object. The actions taken are either positive, negative, or non-committal (i.e., shoot at the target, don’t shoot at the target, not particularly concerned if the target gets shot or not). Directionality is also conditioned by time (past, present, or future), the situation, and ongoing events.
Rapport surfaces when a decision is arrived at concerning the perceived object based on positive feelings about the object, the sense that perceived it, and the thought process. Rapport is closely allied with feeling, for if rapport with the ob-
Sniping is poaching humans.
ject is strong enough, the positive feeling will become the cause of adhering to the object. (For example; detailing a winsome female to distract targets manning a checkpoint—just before you shoot a couple of them.)
The final mental event, fixation, is the continuity which holds attention on the perceived object. Also known as egocentric demanding, fixation is related to directionality. Directionality is the general action of paying attention, whereas fixation is a jump” to the object perceived. (For example; displaying something the observer will automatically take to be a threat just after you shoot.)
Of specific interest to the sniper engaged in deceptive behavior is the fact that all five mental events must be complete for full awareness on the part of the observer. If there is no feeling there is no appreciation; no conceptualization, no object characterization; no directionality, no attention; no rapport, no criteria for perception; and if there is no fixation, there is no object confrontation. It is apparent that the mental event known as directionality is the most likely target for the sniper’s deceptive behavior. The other four mental events are equally susceptible, and the results of their corruption are just as fatal. This is fertile ground for the imaginative partisan sniper.
Deceptive Behavior T^Veception, per se, is an ac-ltivity designed to mislead E	an enemy by manipulation,
distortion, or falsification of evidence to induce him to react in a manner prejudicial to his self-interest. Further, it ensures security to real plans, operations or activities. Tactical cover and deception operations are complex affairs involving the coordination of numerous organizations simultaneously manipulating physical phenomena and notional information, with the general aim of diverting enemy resources away from the field of real activity. It is an economy of force measure.
Deceptive behavior is the activity of misleading in which the interdependent activities of deception—concealment, secrecy,! and cover—interact to induce, or reinforce, corruption of the observer’s perceptions. Perception, which is a function of the sensory field and its attendant phenomena, and the mental events of the observer’s thought process, are manipulated by the techniques of imbedding and dispersal using the variables of space, time, objects, conditions, and situations.
The aim of deceptive behavior is to maintain security. Security is achieved by the activities of conceal-ment and cover.I Concealment and cover can only be maintained by means of deception.
Deceptive behavior manipulates categorical perception, which is the process of singling out conceptual contents of a reference object.
What is deceived in all cases is the observer’s ability to correctly categorize his perceptions.
The sniper seeks therefore, to reach into the observer’s mind in order to induce, or reinforce delusion. If the sniper is successful the target will undertake actions—to include inaction—detrimental to his own best interest. Generally speaking, the target is engaged in the activity of self-deception. The sniper presents the target with an illusion, a false precept in the sensory field. The target forms an opinion—subjective or objective—based on his knowledge of the object. If the target’s rapport with the object is clouded by his emotional feeling for it, he will believe what he sees to be real. That is the foundation of delusion.
Self-Deception
The sniper’s craft is to manipulate the operational environment in a manner that induces his targets to practice self-
deception (e.g., “It’s been quiet for hours, so I’ll just take a peek over this wall....”). The process of self-deception depends upon the variables of capacity, awareness, and motive.
Capacity is the ability to un-de-ceive. The sniper always has the capacity to un-deceive (i.e. shoot) the observer. Exercising that capacity is a matter of convenience. When the observer is induced to deceive himself he may very well have the capacity to un-deceive himself, but he cannot actualize it without negating a previously held belief (i.e., “I’m safe here”). Awareness is knowing you have the capacity to un-deceive.
The sniper knows that he has it. The observer may have the capacity to undeceive, but having deluded himself, he is not aware of it. Motive is a rather gray area. The sniper’s motives are clear—security. The motives of the observer continuing his self deception stem from the manner in which the sniper presents information via the sensory field and its four variables.
The intention of deceptive behavior is to induce the observer to participate in his own deception. This is accomplished by presenting the observer with spurious fragments of information shrouded in the element of truth. Information should conform as closely as possible with the observer’s perception of reality, arrive at the observer from various and diverse sources, and be believable.
Additionally, the observer must be made to work to gather the information he is fed, because the more work he has to do for himself before reaching the conclusions he is intended to draw, the more likely he is to accept the result as the truth. The information the observer is fed should be very subtle, and arrive more as a shift in emphasis than as a fact. What the observer receives is in fact disinformation.
The aim of deceptive behavior is to maintain security. Security is achieved by the activities of concealment and cover.
Disinformation is presented with the aim of hiding activities (including concealment), the truth (which is known by the sniper), intentions and motives.
Generally, deception is a physical activity whereas deceptive behavior is a mental activity. The former manipulates the physical environment, the latter the observer’s mind. Deception and deceptive behavior are closely related but not the same. Deceptive behavior is the intent to deceive (which follows a motive—poaching targets—for deceit). The procedure by which intention is carried out is deception.
The intentions of deceptive behavior are fourfold: The maintenance of personal security, the inducement or reinforcement of delusion, the subversion of the observer’s senses, and the corruption of the observer’s perception or reality. As both the intent and aim of deceptive behavior, security must permeate every thought and action of the sniper. That is not so much an inducement to excessive caution as it is a condition for survival.
The intent to subvert or corrupt the observer’s sense perception is conditioned by the mind’s requirement for a percept—an object or ac-tivity— to pass through the verifying channels (senses) in order to confirm or deny the conceptual contents of the object. These veri-
Sdng channels consist of either a re-undancy of the original sense or multiple sense verification.
Uncorrupted perception relies upon the observer sifting through multiple layers of information. This information comes to him through primary sense perception, secondary sense perception, and supplemental source verification. This is, figuratively, a chain of information, and as such will only be as strong as its weakest link. Studying this chain, the sniper will find that invariably the weak link is the mind of the observer. The source of weakness is the emotional response of the observer to the information. The more intense the emotional reaction, the less verification the observer will
seek, and therefore, the less effort the sniper must expend to deceive.
Deceptive behavior (intention) is essentially and economy of force measure. If the primary sense preceptor cannot be deceived, the effort is directed at the verifying sources which, generally, are more prone to the procedures of deception. Regardless of where the effort is directed (primary, secondary, or supplemental source verification) the mind of the observer is the ultimate target of deceptive behav-This is true
The distinction between covert and
The three modalities are overt, covert, and clandestine. Overt deception procedures are those which the sniper intends the observer to observe and act upon at will. The sniper arranges percepts in the operational environment which are then acted upon by the observer. This affords the sniper the opportunity to observer the observer and learn his habits and reactions to those given sense data. When the activity is overt, the sniper’s
lor.
clandestine deception motives and true in-j •	1^1	tentions remain hid-
procedures is subtle den 0vert
whether observation and largely a matter of deception proce-is unaided, or me-	timino-	dures are essentially
chanically and elec-	©*	a precondition to|
tronically assisted.
Specifically, the information received is considered verifiable if it is believable (the observer is disposed to believe its validity), diverse (it arrives from many and varied sources—which may or may not be under the observer’s control), and it is reliable (the observer has no reason to doubt its validity in light of past experience).
Reliability is the target of deception procedures. This is especially true when the procedures are aimed at technical observation devices. If the observer perceives the device’s information as unreliable—regardless of its truth—the observer must rely upon secondary and supplemental verification measures, which are generally more susceptible to deception measures. (For example: A sniper wishes to infiltrate a secure facility. He waits for stormy nights, and every time there is a storm he intentionally trips sensors at the point where he desires to ingress the facility. He does this for months. This reduces security’s confidence in the sensors and eventually they either slow-down their reaction time, or ignore that sensor string altogether. The sniper, watching all this, waits for the next stormy night and makes his ingress at that point.)
The procedures of deceptive behavior exist in three modalities and three categories.
more elaborate deception efforts.
Covert deception procedures are activities undertaken by the sniper when his presence is still a matter of secrecy. The deception activity is disguised but not hidden. If discovered the sniper can fall back on a cover activity allowing recourse to deny the purpose of his presence. (For example; the sniper cases a target area in the guise of a “homeless’’ vagabond.) Clandestine deception procedures have the aim of ensuring concealment (they are secret because they are concealed), even though the observer is aware of the sniper’s presence. It is activity hidden but not disguised. (For example; a mouseholed building where each mousehole leads to a different pre-prepared hide. They know you’re there, they just don’t know where.)
The distinction between covert and clandestine deception procedures is subtle and largely a matter of timing. From the motive and intention to snipe, through the selection of area and target, that activity (and its supporting deception efforts) are covert. After the first shot, the sniper’s activity is clandestine.
The categories of deception are manipulative, simulative, and imitative.
Manipulative deception is the management of fraud through ma-
nipuladon of the operational environment. The observer is manipulated by the sniper when he misrepresents activities, information, objects, and his intentions and motives. The aim of manipulative deception procedures is to corrupt the observer’s perception of events by providing misleading sense perceptions. The methods by which this is achieved include manipulating the physical environment, emotions, fears, habits, and attention.
The physical environment can be manipulated by altering real objects, or	sniping. The prin-|
injecting fraudulent	§^| Sniping Secret	dPle of H §p
data which is real	r o	compasses the
but misrepresenta-	$ 1- Aim center mass	interdisciplines of
five. Manipulation	2nd press the trigger	deception, observa—
of the observer	*	°°	*	tion, concealment,
cover, and stealth.
sory appearances, from a given model in order to mislead (disperse the observer’s objective reference), confuse (inject uncertainty and doubt into the observer’s perception of sense data), and dupe (play upon the observer’s naivete—assuming the observer believes what he sees).
Transporting your weapon camouflaged as a piece of innocent equipment, is an example of imitative deception.
Deceptive behavior is but one area of study in the principle of secrecy that defines
proper takes place through his emotions, fears, and habits. These are not manipulated in the same sense as the physical environment, but through his actions the sniper induces the observer to manipulate himself. Concerning emotions, the sniper must gain knowledge of the observer’s interests, motives and prejudices. The fears of the observer will be revealed through his actions and habits, and his actions and habits will become his own worse enemy. The observer’s habits should not be altered; merely observed as a matter of interest. Attention is manipulated through the techniques of imbedding and dispersal. The procedures or manipulative deception include those of simulative deception. Simulative deception procedures are those parts of manipulative deception that feign reality. The aims of simulative deception are to appease the observer’s sense perception (by presenting an observable quantity through which his attention can be imbedded or dispersed), his preconceived ideas (what is presented to him conforms to his perception of reality), and his ego (what is presented to him confirms what the observer holds to be true). Simulative deception is the manipulation of appearances.
Imitative deception procedures are the copying, or assuming sen-
Separating one topic from the whole is purely a matter of convenience, not an indication of the topic’s merit. We can safely say, however, that deception is a link pin that ties the other interdisciplines together, and provides a frame of reference which distinguishes sniping from mundane sharpshooting.
A Final
G
A Final Note
allons of ink are spilled exhorting that the sniper is really a pretty humane kind of guy because he never shoots at anybody unless he intends to kill them. That is utter drivel.
Go to any police or military sniper range and you’ll see targets marked with “kill zones” and you’ll hear the shooter’s partner telling the shooter to aim for this or that body part. This miracle is usually expressed in terms of “bullet placement.” It is the shooting exercise of fools.
Here’s Sniping Secret # 1: Aim center mass and press the trigger. The standard of success for the sniper is to hit the person he's shooting at. That’s all. He may or may not die. That is not your concern. We’ll discuss the mechanics of and reason for Sniping Secret #1 in a future installment.
INVESTIGATING AND PROSECUTING CRIMINAL CONSPIRACIES
O
By
Kimball O’Hara © Kimball O’Hara, 1997
Any discussion of the process of investigation and ultimately the prosecution of criminal conspiracies must necessarily include definitions of what constitutes a conspiracy, investigative methodology, prosecutorial strategies and defenses commonly employed. There are other tangential issues which seem to accompany most investigations of this sort. They include the ethical and effective use of informers and agents, and ethics in the conduct of the investigation in general.
Before we delve into the art and tradecraft of investigation, we first must define the meaning of conspiracy in the legal context. It is in that context that I frame this article. In our American tradition, law is that instrument which protects the common man from the power of the state. Non sub homing sed sub deo et lege (It is not by men, but by God and the law [that we are governed]). So it is to the law that one must first go to determine what precisely conspiracy is.
Criminal Conspiracy Defined
While different states and the Federal Government have slightly differing definitions of “conspiracy” it is generally held that if (1) two or more persons conspire; (2) to commit any crime [the crime is specified by law]; (3) wherein an overt act is commit-
ted by one or more of the parties toward the completion of the crime; the crime of “conspiracy” is complete and may be charged.
To break it down even further there must be more than one person involved in a situation in which the commission of a crime planned. The crimes
specified by federal	the	convenience
and state statutes are Each member of the store. Under the very broad and in-	.	.	,«	c	law,	John	is	bound
elude all categories conspiracy IS liable tor by Paul’s actions be-
of theft and fraud; each act and bound by cause they conspiredl
is
the purchase. Has John committed the crime of conspiracy to commit robbeiy? Yes!
Each member of the conspiracy is liable for each act and bound by each declaration of every other member of the conspiracy if the act or declaration is in furtherance of the object of the conspiracy. Therefore, the act of one conspirator pursuant to or in furtherance of the conspiracy is the act of all conspirators. Conspirators are also responsible and liable for the natural and probable consequences of any crime or act of another co-conspirator even though such crime or act was not present when the conspiracy was formed. Lets go back to John and Paul. We know now, they have planned a crime together and Paul bought a pistol. To take it one step further, Paul continues with the ^plan and holds up
falsely moving or maintaining any suit, action or proceeding; acts injurious to public health,!
each declaration of
every other member of
the conspiracy if the
morals or those act or declaration is in which obstruct jus- furtherance of the
object of the conspiracy.
tice; crimes against public officials, etc.
Following that plan between coconspirators, one or more of the conspirators takes a step beyond mere planning to complete the public offense. The overt act need not in itself constitute a crime or be an attempt to commit the crime which is the ultimate objective of the conspiracy. For example: John and Paul discuss robbing a local convenience store, plan the robbery and Paul buys a pistol for the (implied) purpose of committing the crime without telling John about
together to commit the crime.
The formation and existence of a conspiracy may be inferred from all circumstances tending to show the common intent and may be proved in the same way as any other fact may be proved. It may be shown by direct testimony or through direct or circumstantial evidence. It is not necessary for purposes of law to show a meeting of the alleged conspirators or the making of an express or formal agreement. Neither is evidence that a person was merely in the company or associated with one or more of the conspirators enough to establish they were members of the conspiracy.
It is not a defense to the crime of conspiracy that an alleged co-con-spirator did not know all the other conspirators. The members of a conspiracy may be widely separated geographically, and yet may be in agreement on a criminal design and may act in concert in pursuance of that design. The adoption by a person of the criminal design and criminal intent entertained in common by others and of its object and purpose is all that is necessary to make that person a co-conspirator when the required elements of a conspiracy are present.
Let’s take a look at another illustration. You meet with three friends and plan to heist an armored car. One of your friends works for the company that operates the armored car service and has inside knowledge of routes, the amount of money picked up along the route and where the armored car would be most vulnerable. As part of the process of planning, tasks are assigned to each member present. You think it’s a rhetorical exercise but your friends are serious about committing a crime. Are you guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery? Not yet. There’s no overt act toward the completion of the crime.
Say, one of your friends is in the Army and steals an AT-4 (anti-tank rocket) from the arsenal for the purpose of taking out the armored car. Are you now? Yes. Even if in your mind the exercise was only a fanciful exercise in tactics. The overt act taken by one of your co-conspirators toward the completion of the crime legally binds all members as if they had each made an overt act. Taking it one step further, you get cold feet and decide not to go along with the plan and you do not participate in the armored car robbery. Having not participated in the actual commission of the crime, have you eliminated your criminal exposure? No, you are still guilty of the crime of conspiracy.
In order to withdraw from a conspiracy, you must do so absolutely. Mere dis-association at that point is not enough. There are different legal standards for withdrawal from
a conspiracy which are found in case law in each state and within Federal law as well.
There is also a burden on law enforcement and prosecutors in the formulation of proof for the purposes of criminal prosecution of coconspirators. A co-conspirator’s testimony is insufficient in an of itself to show a conspiracy. Corroborating information must also be presented by a prosecutor in addition to the testimony of a co-conspirator to show that a conspiracy actually existed. From a practical viewpoint, there must be a common scheme or design which needs to be proved in order to convince a jury beyond reasonable doubt that the crime (of conspiracy) was committed and that the conspirators committed the crime.
Investigative Methodology
The initial aim of criminal investigators is to lock the subjects of the investigation into a story. The inconsistencies in what they are told provide investigative leads. Those leads are followed and exploited in an effort to “break” or discredit (with evidence) the assertions of co-conspirators.
In almost all cases, conspiracies are broken by informers and agents either before or after the completion of the crime. In some circumstances wiretaps and electronic surveillance [established pursuant to court order] may also be useful in providing evidence of the conspiracy and the crime itself.
One of the most effective methods available to law enforcement and prosecutors in the investigation of conspiracies is the grand jury. The function and composition of
grand juries varies between federal, state and county entities. The differences are generally trivial. It is the commonality which makes a grand jury so effective in breaking a conspiracy.
Grand juries are preliminary proceedings convened for the purpose of investigation (investigative grand juries) or for the purpose of hearing evidence so they may determine if there is sufficient evidence to hand down a “true bill of indictment” (accusatory grand juries). In most cases the same body participates in both investigative and accusatory phases. They are different than petty juries (or trial juries) which are combined to Find fact in a criminal proceeding. Petty juries do not have the authority to subpoena testimony or documents and their proceedings are open to the public.
Grand jury proceedings are secret, and the legal rights of the witness giving testimony are somewhat curtailed. The witness has no right to have their own attorney present within the grand jury for the purpose of representation. A witness can be compelled to testify against themselves and their co-conspirators following a grant of immunity, and in many states as well as the federal judicial system, grand jury subpoenas may be used to obtain evidence. For example, a subpoena requires mere suspicion that the material requested will show that a crime has been a commission and who committed the crime. Outside a grand jury, a search warrant is usually required. A search warrant is issued by a magistrate requires a reasonable cause showing that the material requested will show that a crime has been a commission and
It is not a defense to the crime of conspiracy that an alleged co-conspirator did not know all the other conspirators.... The adoption by a person of the criminal design and criminal intent... is all that is necessary to make that person a co-conspirator when the required elements of a conspiracy are present.
The RESISTER
who committed the crime. A search warrant also requires a written affidavit which must be filed with the court. There is no equivalent affidavit required for the issuance of a grand jury subpoena. This gives grand juries real clout.
So, here you are, a chief machinist mate, United States Navy. You’re waiting to testify before a federal grand jury convened to investigate a conspiracy among other service members who have been selling government property to private parties. You know you have some degree of culpability because you talked about the theft, you even made suggestions to co-conspirators. Now, you mortgaged your house and hired an over-priced attorney to protect you. The government subpoenaed you to appear before the grand jury. What s going to happen now?
Since you believe you have some degree of criminal exposure, your attorney told the Assistant United States Attorney that you would not testify without immunity. You now have use immunity. They gave that to you in exchange for your testimony. Use immunity means that nothing you say in regard the matter being heard by the grand jury may be used against you. Transactional immunity would give you absolute immunity from any prosecution, but the government doesn’t want to give you that.
What are your options? You don’t have many. The uniform looks good, your medals include one for Good Conduct, and you hope the grand jury believes what you are going to say. Before you go into the grand jury room your attorney gives you a wink and a pat on the back, wishing you good luck because he isn’t going in with you. You’re on your own with a prosecutor and a panel of grand jurors who have already heard summary testimony by the investigators, and maybe other co-conspirators. You don’t know who has already testified and who else has been subpoenaed to testify. Remember, it’s a secret proceeding.
You are placed under oath and the prosecutor begins to ask questions.
Can you refuse to answer his questions? Yes. What will the government do to you? They can dismiss you and let you off the hook but that is unlikely. Think about it, you have use-immunity. The Assistant United States Attorney has gone to a lot of trouble to get you in there to tell the grand jury what you know. You can be held in contempt of the grand jury and be confined for the term of that grand jury in a cus-todial facility. And,I you can still be prosecuted for your part of the conspiracy.
Not much of a choice?
We’ll go back and presume that you begin to answer the questions put to you by the prosecutor.
Should you tell the truth? These are your friends, your buddies that they want you to lay out.	■
Your sworn testimony may well lead to long periods of confinement for the guys you used to drink beer, smoke cigars and watch Monday Night Football with. Now, if you lie, the immunity you have is invalid. There is a catch to the immunity. It is all predicated on your truthful testimony. Lying under oath is perjury and that is a felony. And, you can still be prosecuted for your part of the conspiracy.
Here you are with the dilemma squarely on your shoulders. The problem with being untruthful before a grand jury beyond perjury is that you don’t know who else may also have been testifying before the grand jury, and what evidence has been presented. Because it’s a secret proceeding there is no way to know what might have gone before you and what will be coming after your testimony. You really have no serious option but to tell the truth and save your own skin because others testifying will likely be doing the same thing.
The problem with being untruthful before a grand jury beyond perjuiy is that you don’t know who else may also have been testifying before the grand jury, and what evidence has been presented.
Using: Others
he most valuable commodity on the planet is information. Diamonds, gold, and currency are exchanged daily in enormous volumes for small, perishable bits of information. It is also the core of investigating any conspiracy. In order to unearth “truth,” an investigation of potential conspirators must, as was stated previously in this article, ” rely on collecting information by means of human sources.
What is the processes of recruiting, developing, and maintaining informants, agents and sources used for law enforcement purposes? How are others used to ferret out criminal conspiracies?
The word “informer” is one of the " ■ ■ dirtiest words in the English language. It carries with it betrayal of trust in a very raw, unpleasant, seamy context. Nobody really likes one who uses a special position of trust and faith and gives incriminating information about others to the government. Informers are tattletales of the worst kind. And they are absolutely essential in the investigation of criminal conspiracies.
There are very few tasks assigned to law enforcement, which if done poorly, will result in as much civil liability and public embarrassment as improper handling of defendant-informants, agents and sources. Consequently, there must be great care and adequate oversight by law enforcement managers to insure that all dealings between others used by law enforcement to collect information and the law enforcement agency are kept within the bounds of departmental policy and human decency.
Most law enforcement officers do not have grandparents who have access to information pertaining to
the identity, intentions and con-
cealed interests of criminals. Therefore the police officer’s grandmother is unlikely to have the information needed to be successful in uncovering criminal activity. She will be of small help in apprehending those responsible for crime and promoting an informed fair disposition by the judicial system. By extension, the officer’s grandmother is unlikely to be a good informant. Informants or agents generally need to have two very important attributes. They must have access to the information law enforcement wants, and they need to be reliable or at the very least, credible. The task of finding agents and informants with both attributes becomes the task of every law enforcement officer.
For the purpose of this discussion, the difference between an informant and an agent is that an informant is a defendant in a criminal case and is “working off” that case by providing substantial information and cooperation which leads to a conviction on a more important case. An agent is entrusted with a mission of law enforcement, acting in lieu of law enforcement officer.
In the context of the conspiracy between John and Paul to hold up the convenience store, presented previously, let’s presume Paul tells a third party, David, about his plan. Paul doesn’t know David has a pending case against him for possession of heroin. David then approaches the detectives investigating his narcotics case and tells them what Paul said about the plan to rob the store. The prosecutor would be advised at this point and with his concurrence they would go forward. The detectives would contact the defense attorney representing David and obtain his approval to go use David’s cooperation. David will want advance assurances that by selling out his old friend, Paul, he will receive a lenient sentence. The prosecutor will not make promises, but the defense attorney knows David has a bad record and it is in his best interest at sentencing to have the prosecution supporting a reduced sentence.
Both the detectives and the prosecutor must weigh David’s access to the information and his reliability as a witness and informant. Because David is a defendant in an ongoing criminal proceed-B ing, he has veiy little credibility as a witness and he must be corroborated. This corroboration will generally take the Form of tape recorded conversation. David may be asked to make a recorded telephone call or he may meet with Paul and engage him in conversation which would also be recorded.
The goal is to determine the nature and extent of the con- |_ spiracy. The recorded information serves as convincing evidence as to the predisposition of Paul to commit a crime and plans he may have made with others, in this case, John. Entrapment is not an issue where it can be established that John and Paul were predisposed to commit a crime before David spoke to them. The police will usually surveil John and Paul, and will watch them drive to the convenience store. They will make an arrest prior to the co-conspirators entering the store. This action in conjunction with John’s possession of the pistol purchased for the purpose of committing a crime and the tape recorded conversation will be presented to a jury for consideration.
usually has two immediate consequences. The person they are “running” begins to “run” them and they have opened themselves and their agency to compromise. Newspapers are rife with lurid stories of law enforcement officers who disregarded this rule.
They should never encourage or allow a defendant-informant (or agent) to continue in his pattern of criminal behavior, out of their direct control. A defendant-informant may appear to “violate the law” under the direction of law enforcement in the performance of a Jspecific mission. When somebody like “David” illustrated above gets arrested, the first thing he will do is claim he was acting at the direction of law enforcement. Controlling informers can be a tricky business.
The Last Word r I ^he process of investigating conspiracies brings with it a JL number of issues, from ethical to practical. Some basic concepts in conducting such investigations have been included here for your consideration. There are also lessons to be learned from this beyond mere curiosity. Apply those lessons as you will.
...an informant is a defendant in a criminal case and is “working off’ that case by providing substantial information and cooperation which leads to a conviction on a more important case.
A Word on Ethics
When law enforcement officers use human sources to obtain information for lawful purposes, they must have great latitude in handling those sources. By their nature, there is wider flexibility in the use of agents than there is with defendant-informants. With that in mind, there are a few things they should never do: They should never have sexual relations with a defendant-infor-mant or agent. When they do, it
The RESISTER
...1 drew the tides of men into my bands,
And wrote my will across the sky in stars. T.E. Lawrence
Books
If we advert to the nature of republican government, we shallfind that the censorial power is in the people over the government, and not in the government over the people.
Janies Madison, 1794
ewables
Civil War II: The Coming Breakup of America. Thomas W. Chittum. American Eagle Publications, Inc., PO Box 1507, Show Low, AZ, 85901. 1996. ISBN 0-929408-17-9. Trade paper, 201 pages, footnotes, no index. SI2.95. (800) 719-4957 (Orders only.)
Reviewed byJ.F.A. Davidson
Books pour into The Resister's office faster than they can be read, cataloged, and shelved. Some from book search services. Some from supporters who, weary after lifetimes spent battling America’s collectivists, generously donate their collections to a (relatively) young group of soldiers who thought they were defending their country from socialists, only to find out the Reds were running things all along. (Fury does not begin to describe the realization of that betrayal.) Some (OK, many) books are self-inflicted purchases—I’m a hopeless bibliophile. Some arrive from publishers seeking a review. Some from subscribers. In the later category one book in particular 1 simply give away as fast as it arrives, because I get so many of them. That book is Thomas W.Chittum’s Civil War II: The Coming Breakup of America. (I did keep the autographed copy generously sent by Mr. Chittum.)
I’ll admit that Mr. Chittum’s book sat on the read and review shelf for over a year, moving one review back as new books were added, and it eventually found itself buried in the rearmost rank of that groaning plank. The reason was simple. Civil War II arrived with a
letter from Mr. Chittum stuck between pages 68 and 69 where he discusses the dividing of the military along ethnic lines, citing The Resister as evidence of that manifestation. Because that is what he wanted me to see—and that assumption (about The Resister) was wrong—I began looking for other cites. Sure enough, there on page 52, lumped into a random milange (called ^tribal party animals”) of criminal gangs, militias, and Communist insurrectionists, was Special Forces Underground. Because SFU is none of those, and having no time for bad premises, off it went to collect dust. And there it would have probably stayed, bottom most in a 12 inch high stack that hasn’t seen light in six months, if Dr. Gerald Atkinson, author of The New To-talitarians: Bosnia as a Mirror of America’s Future (reviewed in Vol.III, No.4) hadn’t suggested I read it if I could find the time.
One day, while cleaning what Mrs. Davidson calls “that rat nest,” (which I affectionately call my office), I decided to take a break and finally read Civil War II.
The premise underpinning Civil War II is that the ongoing Balkanization of America into racial, ethnic, and religious tribes must, based on historical precedent, result in civil war. Prima facie a sound premise. But before we proceed further the term “civil war” needs to be defined because Mr. Chittum accepts the false premise that the 1861 - 1865 War for Southern Independence (what he refers to as Civil War 1) wg$ a civil war, and that false premise is intertwined with his correct premise
throughout the work, thus poisoning the whole.
A civil war is “such as occur among fellow-citizens or within the limits of one community” (OED, 2nd ed., Ill, 255). The Southern states had seceded from the United States. They had their own federal and states’ constitutions, and citizens of the several Confederate States owed no loyalty to the Northern Union. Thus the subsequent Northern invasion of the sovereign Confederate States of America, and the conventional war that followed, cannot rationally be called a “civil war.” This is not mere quibbling over semantics. It’s an important distinction to make if one is expected to examine the enormity of Mr. Chittum’s contention that the whole of the present United States is headed toward dissolution among tribal lines, and if one is expected to make any sense out of that contention.
The argument can be made that the border guerrilla campaigns of Moseby and Quantrill were a localized “civil war” on the fringes of a general war between nations—given that most of the guerrilla actions took place within single states, between “fellow-citizens” of divided loyalties—but the conflict writ large was not a civil war. What does that do to Mr. Chittum’s premise? Given the foregoing, Mr. Chittum’s contention that America is sliding headlong into another civil war is false, as are, by derivation, his subsequent analyses of the outcome— the splitting up of the United States into tribal homelands spanning several state sized regions. It Mr. Chittum had examined history, and
the history of ideas, in as much detail as he examined The New York Times (which makes up the bulk Civil War ITs citations), he would have concluded that the United States is sliding headlong into the civil war—which is more consistent with a known reality, and now that I think about it, a far more horrifying prospect. Because it will surely be not only our first and last civil war, it will result in the end of America—which	is what
‘progressives’ and ‘liberals’ have been working for all along.
Let’s start with the cover. Mr. Chittum’s inserted letter pointed out that the “soldier in charge of the rebels [who are depicted as “disaffected white American males” posturing for a Japanese TV crew atop what appears to be a recently knocked-out BIFV-2] is a regular army Special Forces... officer who has defected to the rebels and is attempting to organize their spirited but unprofessional efforts.” Setting aside Mr. Chittum’s unfounded expectations that a Special Forces officer would defect and thereby wreck his “career map,” he went on to describe Special Forces Underground as “exactly such a group” of “Angry White Males.”
Now, Mr. Chittum’s use of the ‘liberal’ anti-concept “Angry White Males” was (I’m guessing) intended to highlight America’s increasing Balkanization. However, ‘liberals’ use that phrase to describe white men who are victimized (in the true meaning of the word) by racial quotas and the feminization (the two are synonymous) of America. All rational men oppose quotas because quotas are immoral. They oppose feminization because feminism is, well, utter insanity. In the ‘liberal’ lexicography “Angry White Males” is a smear, intended to evoke a negative emotional response against white men who object to government compelled and controlled racism and viciously parasitic females demanding [!] the impossibility of full metaphysical-egalitarian “equality” with men. So, by accepting a ‘liberal’ anti-concept at face value as a promotion for his book, Mr. j
Chittum has demonstrated full consistency with so-called conservatism—the surrender of thought to emotionalism; worse, negative emotionalism.
Civil War II is a 50 page monograph crammed into 201 pages. It could have been a compelling analysis of current trends if Mr. Chittum had simply stated up front, “Here
is my theory of civil __________
war, my thesis is that we’re advancing toward it rapidly, and here are the news-
ity to the status of the American empire’s (political) minority who are in questionable control of the means of holding the aggregate tribes together. This is the consequence of bad (white) rich people abandoning America while simultaneously promoting and financing its internal dissolution and external amalgamation with the United Na-tions “New Order.” Subsequently, the term “American” has become a smear, and American citizenship has a much inherent value as dross.
Here are Mr. Chittum’s newswor-
...it will surely be not only our first and last
worthy indicators civil war, it will result that support my the-	.	•	j r
sis,” followed by a
tight conclusion.	America—which is
But he didn’t. To . <	•	> j v^numms news worn
follow the thread of what Pr°greSSlves and thy indicators. The|
Mr. Chittum’s the- ^berals’ have been American South-
sis throughout his working for all along, west is awash with book one needs pa-	©	°	Mexican refugee
tience, and the abil-	14th amendment
parasites whose loyalty is to Mexico, and who constitute a defacto occupation force backed-up by armies of Mexican hoodlums. The American Southeast is awash with Africans whose loyalty is to whatever tribal advantage they can wring out the 14th amendment, who surround white enclaves, and who have their own armed gangs. These Mexican and African gangs are becoming a political force (cultivated by “civil rights leaders”) that can riot at will without police molestation, following which said gang leaders can run for local political office with an even chance of being elected. America’s Northern inner cities are occupied by increasingly radicalized Africans who extort racial preference and billions in welfare from the federal and states governments in return for promises to not riot. Welfare must end or it will impoverish the nation cum empire. Immigration is out of control. Urban police departments are splitting into tribal factions, each vying for “pull” and preference with each tribal faction becoming increasingly hostile to the other tribal faction. The military is now 40% minorities and is also splitting along tribal lines.
ity to shake-off the sense that it was edited in American Eagle Publications, Inc.’s Department of Redundancy Department.
Civil War II in Four Paragraphs
Here is Mr. Chittum’s theory of civil war. America is no longer a nation, it is an empire. Nations have a homogeneous culture dominated by a majority, into which minorities assimilate themselves or wind up culturally “cleansed.” Empires are tiered cultural aggregates dominated by a minority culture which controls the military that maintains order. In 50 years or so Americans of European descent will be a minority in America but they will still control the military. The military is becoming increasingly multiethnic. All multiethnic empires must disintegrate into warring factions. The military will split ideologically and tribally along ethnic lines. Civil war will result when the military is called upon to suppress minority urban insurrections because whites and minorities will, push come to shove, choose sides.
Here is Mr. Chittum’s thesis. Affirmative action has reduced the American nation’s dominant major-
Vol. IV, No. 1
75
The RESISTER
Here arc Mr. Chittum’s conclusions. The ‘liberal’ Establishment has reduced the discussion of race relations to a ritual “for which the high priests of the media and political elite have written the ceremonial script. Nothing outside the ceremonial script is tolerated; all else is heresy.” In this script only whites are racists. Incidents of minority racism are simply ignored, or blamed on whites. This will eventually result in organized violence by minorities, leading to veiled speculation by the Establishment media about the possibility of civil war. That idea will be endorsed as possible, then “acceptable, even fashionable.” ‘Liberals’ will deny the possibility or at most contend that outbreaks of organized violence will be contained and easily put down. Conservatives (I have no idea who he means by “conservative”) will talk about it seriously and foresee the partition of America into tribal enclaves. Organized minority rioting will eventually break out in the cities, the tibalized police will disintegrate, the National Guard will be federalized and then itself disintegrate along tribal lines. The standing army will be deployed to suppress what has become fullblown factional fighting and will itself disintegrate when its own tribal factions refuse to fire on members of their own tribe. The fighting will spread, “ethnic cleansing” will be the norm, and after the first convulsion America will find itself settling down to a protracted border war between the white North, the black Southeast, and the Hispanic Southwest. Mr. Chittum also discusses the possibility of UN intervention. (Talk about hosing down a fire with gasoline!)
Indicators
Mr. Chittum calls it the Civil War II Checklist, which is in “no particular order of importance or sequence of occurrence” but with which we’re advised to tick-off the countdown to Civil War II. (I condensed each checklist item to a single sentence.) Watch for:
Ethnic group check blocks on government forms. Amnesty for alien illegals solely to grant them suffrage. De jure and defacto abrogations of the 2nd amendment (with exceptions granted to favored tribal gangs.) Race nullification by juries. Overlapping of police and military duties. Establishment of an extralegal MVD-style internal security force [can you say, “CAG/ HRT?” — I knew you could]. A bunker mentality and riots in Washington DC. African self-segregation. The subordination of individual rights to group “rights.” De facto authority granted to non-governmental organizations. Judicial dictatorship. Domestic regulations derived from (and intended to enforce) international treaties. The silencing of dissent. Secessionist movements. Race-based political parties. Police “no-go” areas in American cities. ‘Restitution’ for descendants of ‘oppressed minorities.’ Racial gerrymandering of voting districts. The dissolution of other empires [this one is lame — it’s simply a
Reserve scrip. Increasing “white flight” to escape minority barbarism. Foreign alliances that assist American minorities to the point of armed rebellion. The secession of Quebec from Canada. The formation of tribal political and legal organizations. Want ads requiring bilingualism. U.S. attempts to “secede” from the United Nations, which will be answered by international military aggression. And finally, watch for the first picture of “a burnt-out tank... and jubilant rebels posing atop [it]... on American soil.”
is ivir.
W!
restatement of his theory of civil war]. The spread of “gated communities.” Deliberate media hoaxes (like the Alar hoax) intended to inflame emotionalism. An increasingly minoritized military. Out of court settlements in cases of alleged discrimination (said funds diverted to tribal
political action cof-fers.) Making ‘hate speech’ illegal. Police adopting a paramilitary posture. The spread of covert (Mr. Chittum uses the word “clandestine”—which is wrong in both context and meaning) white resistance cells in federal, state and local law enforcement. The arming of Equal Employment Opportunity Commission-like agencies. The gradual (and inevitable) collapse of our inherently worthless Federal
What are Negro chances of success in a race war if it were to start today? Simply none. Think about it; if (or once) that insane option is chosen by Negroes, target identification by Caucasians willing to survive becomes a stone cinch.
Is Mr. Chittum Right?
■■	O
ill America dissolve, as Mr. Chittum claims, after bloody regional fighting, into Caucasian, Negro, and Mexican tribal homelands perpetually at war with one another? Or will America self-immolate in an orgy of multicultural and altruistic appeasement, eventually to degenerate into a Third-world country?
Anybody who reads the daily Es-tablishment fishwraps, or stares and drools blankly before	the
Telescreen, will recognize that all of Mr. Chittum’s abovesaid indicators have already occurred, or constantly recur, to greater or lesser degrees. And those outrages multiply daily. Further, there has recently been a spate of books, written by
______________ Negro	collectivists,
predicting (and even threatening!) a race war. The ‘liberal’ Establishment media have, for all intents and purposes, ignored them. You can believe that Negro “civil rights” activists have not ignored them. Those few intrepid (white) individuals who have reviewed some of them (see: American Renaissance, Vol.8, No.2) have been branded (predictably) as racists—solely for pointing out that
Vol. IV. No. 1
The RESISTER
Negro “leaders” are calculating their chances of success in such a race war!
What are Negro chances of success in a race war if it were to start today? Simply none. Think about it; if (or once) that insane option is chosen by Negroes, target identification by Caucasians willing to survive becomes a stone cinch. A Negro invoked “race war” might last, oh, six months, given motivated Caucasians willing enough to both bring it to a rapid conclusion while simultaneously fighting off the Negroes’ federal payola snills. And if the Caucasian counter-race-insurrection strategist was particularly innovative (and brutally ruthless), the Caucasian “no compromise” strategy would be to give a whole new definition to the term “ethnic cleansing.”
If there is to be a race war (which several Negro “civil rights” activists stupidly think feasible), and if Caucasians decide their survival is more important than being “tolerant,” then minority collectivist-insurrectionists have one of two options. Option one: They can grab their balls and “go for it.” Option two: They can sit down, shut up, and start behaving like civilized human beings instead of barbarians. Option one, if they choose it, will, deservedly, get them “ethnically cleansed.” Option two may not result in their automatic gratuitous acceptance, but (unlike option one) it’s the only opportunity for them to prove they deserve eventual acceptance based on their individual merits as rational beings—not as a tribe simply because they exist. Booker T. Washington understood that. W.E.B. Du Bois denied it. Negroes in America today have nobody to blame for their alleged “plight” other than themselves, the NAACP, and their heroes—that Communist swine, Du Bois, and his equally Communistic acolyte, Martin Luther King, Sr.
An overt race war, therefore, is not in the interest of America’s minorities (and the more intelligent among them—excluding Carl T. Rowan and his ilk—damned well
know it). Like all Pakleds everywhere, they need whites to “make things go.” Historically, worldwide, coloreds certainly haven’t demonstrated any ability to “make things go” themselves. (And please don’t bore me with such drivel as “But the Chinese invented gunpowder!” Yes they did; they then proceeded to use it to| amuse small children and to frighten demons away from their doorsteps.)
America’s minorities depend upon simple minded ‘progressive’ white intel-lectuals, stupid ‘liberal’ white do-| gooders, and flights ofCommunistl inspired egalitarian fantasy (such as the myriad “civil rights” acts), to | capture National Council of Churches inspired “white guilt” as fuel for the “multicultural” funeral pyre minorities demand [!] America’s white creators self-im-molate on. That their expressed desire is to Africanize, Mexicanize, or turn into a Kibbutz, the only nation in history to be founded upon the principles of individual liberty, laissez-faire economics, and rational selr-interest is testament to their own innate propensity for totalitarianism, collectivism, and altruism.
Mr. Chittum’s predication about civil war in America is that Caucasians will suddenly wake up (after their cities start burning and the police and Army disintegrate), realize they’ve been taken for suckers lo these many years, and then rise up with a will to do something about it. But that would require a recognized (and therefore legitimate) political and military leadership. However, Mr. Chittum fails to recognize, or even acknowledge, that morally principled white leadership has been beheaded by decades of being smeared in the ‘liberal’ Establishment press, and being rode roughshod over by “conservative” compromisers and appeasers.
The only public individuals I personally would have trusted to politi-
cally lead the counter-revolt were Senator Joseph McCarthy, and Governor George Wallace. But Sen. McCarthy was murdered, and Gov. Wallace eventually stuck his head in the egalitarian guillotine. (Go in peace, Mr. Wallace.)
Who’s left? Whose banner do you rally under? The Church? Their altruistic social gospel scutage delivered you to this stage in the first place. State government? They’re bought and paid for. Federal government? You’d be better off killing your wife and children and committing suicide. Some militia? Are you going to trust that yahoo down the street who suddenly declares he’s a colonel and demands you march off with his gang to fight the barbarians—and the police, and the National Guard, and federal troops, and any UN “peacemakers” who decide to pile on?
You haven’t thought these things out to their logical conclusion, have you?
Neither has Mr. Chittum. The best advice he can offer is to stock up on non-perishable food, and buy a military grade rifle and 5,000 cartridges for it (but don’t keep it around the house, children; bury it in widely scattered pieces someplace where you won’t be able to recover it when the s**t hits the fan, because guns are dangerous and somebody might get hurt—honest, his idea, not mine.)
In fairness to Mr. Chittum, he does propose starting committees of correspondence (he doesn’t explicitly say it, but I think he means forming a parallel government— otherwise, what’s the point?), which, among those who subscribe to the committee’s authority, may provide some basis of legitimate (consented to by the governed) governance in an emergency: Provided (given current events) half the correspondents aren’t feds or ADL agents provocateur. (The later gang, incidentally, being the fanners of
Option two: They can sit down, shut up, and start behaving like civilized human beings instead of barbarians.
civil war embers. Whenever ADL whines about “tolerance” fresh oxygen wafts over the coals.)
WrapUp
| ear the beginning of this re-view I remarked that Mr. X 1 Chittum’s acceptance that the War for Southern Independence was a civil war was a false premise that poisoned the rest of his book. He posits that there will be a civil war, and that it will result in the splitting of America into tribal regions, yet “somehow” an entity called America, (even if only the white North) however radically changed, will still exist. Mr. Chittum has an interesting perspective on where America is heading.
I disagree with it.
Civil wars erupt for varieties of reasons, not all of them racial or ethnic. Using the strict definition of civil war at the beginning of this review (“among fellow-citizens or within the limits of one community) they can be political (i.e. the 1918 Russian Civil War), between religions (i.e., the 1688 English Civil War), within religions (Afghanistan today), economic (Katanga, 1961— note that the UN intervened on the side of the Communists), or separatist (Northern Ireland).
Given the above, is civil war in America likely to break out over race? If, at last, the barbarians “sense” they can strike and thereby convulse America in widespread rioting and insurrection, what will be the response? Exactly what it has been since Truman signed his executive order desegregating the military in 1947: Cringing, sniveling, and plaintive pleas for “somebody” to do “something.” Sure, there will be some localized resistance by (media described) “haters” and “extremists.” But not much, and not very long lived. Isolated pockets of whites who exhibit some ini-tiative by rising up in counter-rebellion will be crushed in short order by their own (minority appeasing) governments. Witness the overt repression of whites defending their lives, liberty and property—and their subsequent
“reeducation”—following the Negro insurrection in New Jersey in 1967. Negro anarchists roamed the streets—unmolested—looting and rioting. Whites who defended themselves and their property were imprisoned. You don t think there was a message being sent there? How about Detroit? Los Angeles? Miami?
You see, Communists have been running the “civil rights” movement since its inception, with a wink and a nod from the ‘liberal’ Establishment. Of the 11 member^j^he 1967 National Ad-1 visory Commission on Civil Disorders, five were known members Communist front organizations, and one, Roy Wilkins (then executive director of the NAACP), blatantly stated “...there is no doubt in my mind that the program and demands of the Communists have	been
emboldened by the basic and basi-1 cally right demands put forth [by the NAACP]. Guess who the Commission’s “special advisor” was? None other than John Hope Franklin, President Clinton’s “advisory board” Chairman to “improve” race relations, and (self confessed) inventor and creator from whole cloth of the “history” used by Thumond Marshal in 1955 to argue Brown v. Board of Education before the Supreme Court — in other words, school desegregation was based on a lie: Mr. Franklin’s lie. What was the ’67 Commission’s finding? Negro anarchy and barbarism was caused by “white racism.” You were asleep at the switch children, and you were sol’ down de ribber 50 years ago. Race motivated civil war? Not likely.
Well then, how about ethnic motivated civil war? Regarding Africans it’s unlikely they will find much common ground or reason to side with Mexicans. (I hesitate to
assign Mexicans a niche because, even though they scream La Razal at their tribal rallies, la raza means “the race,” and given their history of breeding with anything that walks on two legs, it’s impossible to identify precisely which race they are referring to.)
A 05 April, 1997, article in the Raleigh News and Observer highlighted “tensions” between Mexican refugees in North Carolina and their Negro neighbors in “public” housing. uLos negros son malosf was the conclusion of refugees interviewed by Mr. Ben Stocking of the News and Observer. Mr. Cuauhtemoc Jimenez-Gutierrez, is quoted, “[Blacks] like to take from the government,” in a reference to Mexicans working at jobs Negroes had previously refused, then claimed were stolen from them when Mexicans took them. To cap it off, Mr. Stocking recounts complaints by Negroes that “Latinos are more easily accepted by whites.” “I’ll tell you what really makes me feel bad,” recounted Mr. Dennis Wright (a Negro) to Mr. Stocking; “I’ve been here all my life, and these Mexicans come over, and they get better treatment than we do.”
Wake-up call! Mexican illegals work for the real market value of a job, while American Negroes want an egregiously inflated union wage. And, if recent studies of Mexican border crossers have any validity (government studies—you make the call), most of them will return to Mexico when they’ve saved enough to support themselves and their families in Mexico. American Negroes will not return to Africa. If you needed somebody to maintain your yard, who would you hire? A Mexican who’ll do the job for what it’s worth, or a Negro who thinks he has a “right” to “living wage” for reducing the height of your grass by an inch? Mexicans and
What was the ’67 Commission’s finding?
Negro anarchy and barbarism was caused by “white racism.” You were asleep at the switch children, and you were sol* down de ribber 50 years ago.
The RESISTER
Negroes have no love for one another. An ethnic motivated civil war? Maybe isolated Mexican insurrections in parts of the Southwest where Mexican Communists hold sway. But it will break out between Negro Communists and Mexican Communists before it spreads to Caucasian dominated areas. And if Mexicans and Negroes want to start killing each other, why—and for what—should Caucasians bother to stop them?
Politically motivated civil war? Who against whom? Republicans (Mensheviks) against Democrats (Bolsheviks)? Minority Communists with their ‘liberal’ apologists against ‘conservative’ appeasers? It’s been suggested that predominately white regions of America may, when they reach the disgust threshold, begin taking their local governments back in a fit of states revolts, tell the feds to go away and leave them alone, and eliminate their parasite’s “entitlements.” One little problem: States ceased to be independent political entities in 1868 when the 14th amendment was “ratified” (by force and fraud). What if Caucasians succeeded at the local level? They’d be crushed by the fed’s puppet government in their state’s capitol. Besides, no local or state level “take back the government” movement will succeed so long as the Union’s robed dictators occupy their benches. (You see, “they” thought all this out to its conclusion before they acted — while your children were being “socialized” in compulsory [!] public schools, and while your eyes were glued to the Telescreen.)
Religiously motivated civil war? What specific religion against whose? Christian against Muslim? Or maybe Christians against environmentalists (environmentalism, having begun as a denunciation of Christianity, is nothing more than blatantly stone-age pagan mysticism)? Protestants against Catholics? I mean, because God (or in the case of environmentalists, whales) tells everybody He’s on their side, what exactly is the point? No; there
will be no religious civil war in America.
What about economic civil war? Although extremely rare historically, this one has promise for America. Pay particular attention to the constant harping about “haves” and “have-nots” (i.e., the competent and the incompetent). Molly Ivans, that good ol’ down-to-earth homey Texan ‘progres-1 sive’—who has the courtesy to be syndicated nationwide so we may track what good ‘progressives’ intend to inflict on us—is on the cutting edge of grossly dumbed-down (to public school refugee level) collectivist theory which appeals primarily to middle-class feminists and newspaper editors. (Ivans is a denizen of the Michael Harrington school of socialism, which holds that rich people are society’s parasites because they create wealth.But who, in an economic civil war, will rebel against whom? The American ‘economy’ went fascist 65 years ago. The American “labor movement” has always been thoroughly communistic. In an economic civil war then, you’d have gangs of Communists battling fascists. The result would be further fascistic controls on “the economy,” to appease the Communists all in the name of “economic justice” — of course. America has a huge underground capitalist economy. It has, naturally, been declared illegal,” and no effort has been spared to regulate banking in order to snare its profits. The operative fascist principle there is ‘don’t kill it, just loot it.’ (Communists aren’t that smart, they’d just kill it.)
But what if capitalists—true capitalists—were to suddenly rise up and start killing tax collectors, government regulators, “pull-peddlers” (i.e. lobbyists), environmentalists, “consumer advocates,” government
labor “negotiators,” and all the rest of the government empowered bottom feeders whose truly parasitic existence depends entirely upon those who create wealth? That would be morally justified. It’s called self-defense.
Let’s try another (less, ummm.... direct) scenario. What if the lamp posts lining America’s streets suddenly sprouted effigies bearing signs reading “Federal Reserve,” “Anti-Trust D ivision,” “FCC,” Social Security Administra-“IRS,”
99 UT T •	»
, Unions, “Department of the Interior,” “US Army Corps of Engineers,” “BLM,” “Commerce Department,” Small Business Administration,” “US Trade and Development Agency,” “NRC,” “National Labor Relations Board,” “NAFTA,” and a host of other fascist, Communist, and UN inspired government agencies explicitly designed to regulate and loot America’s businesses? What if true capitalists suddenly started flipping hamburgers instead of running factories? What if they started sweeping floors instead of inventing? What if they delivered newspapers instead of making paper? Molly Ivans would be reduced to drinking brake fluid (her natural state) instead of beer, and America would be reduced to a Third-world dunghill incapable of being “responsible” for the “duty” of self-immolating over a fly-blown living corpse in Africa. (A tribute to the capitalist strike from Atlas Shrugged? Yup.) Economic civil war, in this case, is defined as: “Capitalists—do nothing of lasting value; collectivists— starve.” Will that happen? Sadly, no. America will become a Third-world dunghill by socialistic and altruistic accretion, not economic civil war.
What about separatist civil war? If left alone, the races would, of their
Politically motivated civil war? Who against whom? Republicans (Mensheviks) against Democrats (Bolsheviks)? Minority Communists with their ‘liberal’ apologists against ‘conservative’ appeasers?
‘ep;
own volition, separate into tribal groupings. “Progressives” and “liberals” know that. That is why they expend so much time and energy ensuring anybody who is white, and tries it, is criminally branded a “separatist” (because they are successful when they do it), and coloreds who try separatism (and who inevitably fail) are eulogized as “celebrating their ethnicity.” Take, for example, Soul City, North Carolina. A Negro con-artist can bilk millions from the fed’s to establish an all-African “community.” But a single white man who decides to move his family to the Idaho hinterland is branded a “white separatist;” is subjected to federal entrapment, and when that doesn’t work, his family is killed by federal Marshals and the FBI. What message does that send? Do Caucasians demand full integration with Negroes? No, they don’t. Demand “fair housing” amongst them? No, they don’t. Demand “social justice” between them? No, they don’t. Demand “economic justice” for them? No, they don’t. Demand the execration “Human Rights Over Property Rights?” No, they don’t. Have you ever considered why? Of course you haven’t: From birth you’ve been told those thoughts are forbidden.
No, no civil war for America. Any tribal insurrections will remain local and eventually devolve into isolated battles pitting armed gangs first against each other, then (very slightly weakened by desertion) police and federal forces. Said insurrections will sputter out, as they have in the past, when the tribal leaders are offered (tax extorted) bribes by government to not riot, loot, and bum down their neighborhoods, while simultaneously whites are forcibly prevented from defending themselves and their property, and (eventually) yet another “Commission on Causes” reveals the startling conclusion that minority barbarism is due to “white racism.” Church “leaders” will apply the appropriate brainwash to their flocks. Yet new federal agencies will erupt to “solve” the latest crisis. And all the while the media will bemoan the
lack of (explicitly white) “tolerance” for barbaric minority behavior.
Mexicans and Negroes will continue to scream, jump up and down, and dance around their village fires while Caucasians continue to compromise with and appease them.
Foreign interventionists will protect our barbarians from bad white people, until finally, reduced to isolated acts of terrorism against occupiers and rival factions, America becomes what the United Nations has
always intended it to	The future for
be—the world s K .	_
slave nation. And America is not Bosnia.
the people who It's South Africa, make America “go,” middle-class whites, will have nobody to blame for their future but themselves—for being weak spirited, stupidly obedient, and simpleminded enough to actually believe what they’re taught in compulsory [!] public school and what the ‘liberal’ Establishment press tells them to believe.
I mean, what if “people” said the survival of America was “meanspirited” and they threatened to not like you if you attempted it?
America will self-immolate on the altar of “multiculturalism” with a snivel and a whine, not convulsed by tribal civil war.
The future for America is not Bosnia. It’s South Africa.
A Conversation With Mr. Chittum
Whenever I review a work for The Resister my personal policy is to contact the author and let him review my review. I do this for a couple of reasons. First, I want to ensure that the author’s premise is not discussed out of context, and second, I think it is a common courtesy to let somebody whose work you’re writing about read what it is you’re going to say about it.
It’s been suggested to me that the simple act of publishers and authors
sending their books or work for review is intended to spark sales of that book because, whether the review is pro or con, the book gets shopped to The Resisters audience. Maybe so. I’m a soldier, not a publisher. I know what I like. I have a reasonable ability to string words together in order to covey my ideas. [ I don’t know the “rules” of publishing, so if a work is reviewed in these pages it’s because I think it’s important or it supports research upon which other articles are based. Is that intolerance of opposing viewpoints and a selfish monopoly of The Resisters editorial space? You bet it is. The Resister is unashamedly partisan to its core.
After several attempts to contact Mr. Chittum he finally managed to repair his hand-set and we had a rather long and pleasant chat about Civil War II. Mr. Chittum is adamant in his belief that America is rushing headlong into a Yugoslav-style civil war, and his belief is consistent with his research. He conceded my point that the secession of the Southern states and the subsequent invasion of them by the North was not a civil war (he too is unreconstructed), but held firm to his premise that America will split up into tribal regions and, after the first convulsion, the aim of which will be to consolidate ethnic enclaves, will settle in to a protracted border war between regions. “The winners,” he said, “get to name the wars.”
I objected that if there is an initial convulsion it will, as I contend in the review, be relatively isolated and take the form of local insurgencies, abetted by subversive organizations advancing a political goal, rather than a mobilizing of entire ethnic groups for the purpose of grabbing huge chunks of America for tribal homelands. “Insurgency or civil war, war is war,” was Mr. Chittum’s rejoinder.
People with whom I talk on the telephone (I call it That Obnoxious Instrument) often end up with long
pauses between my responses to their questions or comments. “Hello, you still there?” Mr. Chittum asked as I digested the above quoted statement in silence. His comment, “war is war,” is true —if one is a private. A private soldier cares not one whit whether his rifle squad is hunting down a band of insurgents in a “dirty war,” or assaulting a fortification in a “formal” war. The bullets snapping viciously about him are just as real in either case. That, I concluded to myself before resuming the conversation, is the thread that unravels Civil War II. It was written from the perspective of a Joe, and a Joe’s perspective invariably boils down to two givens; “Them” or “Us.” And from that perspective, Civil War II is dead-on-balls-accurate. I admitted to Mr. Chittum that, given his scenario, if he is correct, and speaking only for myself, my bottom line is, “I choose Us.” I also remarked, “I hope you’re wrong.”
Mr. Chittum suggested a couple of web sites I could use for further research. When I told him I loath the web, don’t watch television, and despise talking machines (telephone answering machines in particular), he asked, “Are you some kind of Luddite?” (Mr. Chittum is a computer programmer.) Good question! No, I’m not a Luddite. I simply dislike being barraged by visual stimuli specifically intended to evoke emotional responses rather than thought, and I dislike talking machines because somebody had to program them to elicit information I am not disposed to tender.
Although we disagreed whether America will end with a convulsive bang (Mr. Chittum) or a stupidly obedient whimper (myself), we both agreed, come push or shove, America will end-up ruled by a (more than it is now) totalitarian government. Unless I’m sadly mistaken (it’s happened before), Mr. Chittum and I agree on more than we disagree upon. Mr. Chittum and I are two widely separated individuals pointing at the same moon. We may not agree on its surface details,
but we both agree the moon is there for everybody to see.
Mr. Chittum thinks he’s right. I think I’m right. We both agree America is floating in the toilet waiting for the first dictator wannabe to flush it. If insurrectionists begin seizing arsenals, the event Mr. Chittum stated will kick-off the festivities, screams of La Raza\ or Rodney King’s oily haired whine “Can’t we all get along?” have only one conceivable answer: “Nope.”
It’s not incumbent on Caucasians to “get along” with minority barbarians. It’s incumbent upon minority barbarians to behave like civilized Caucasians. The alternative requires no further discussion.
THE FOURTH CATACLYSM
Two Book Reviews and Thoughts About A Second Civil War
By Howard J. Fezell Attorney at Law
Works reviewed:
The Coming Race War? by Richard Delgado (NYU Press) The Coming Race War In America.
by Carl T. Rowan (Little, Brown)
Is America heading toward a race war? The specter of armed conflict between the races figures prominently in the titles of two works reviewed here. These books have two things in common. First, neither argues convincingly why people in America would ever get into a shooting war with one another simply over the issue of race. Secondly, both books are little more than vehicles to criticize Caucasians for embracing rational thinking, opposing racial preferences, and opposing the welfare state.
Richard Delgado is a law professor at the University of Colorado. The dust jacket of The Coming Race
War? promises “a dark future in which an indignant white America casts aside, once and for all, the spirit of the civil rights movement, with disastrous results.” Whoever wrote that did not read the book. Good for them. Unlike me, they didn’t waste S24.95. Prof. Delgado’s book is nothing more than a sequel to his earlier work, The Rodrigo Chronicles: Conversations about America and Race. “Rodrigo,” a fictional character in both works, is a Mulatto (Negro father and Caucasian mother) who has just begun a career teaching law. The book is largely devoted to dialogues that Rodrigo carries on with an older professor and a young conservative colleague. In the course of these dialogues the reader is treated to criticisms of white liberals, white conservatives, and mainstream theories of legal thought. The worst thing to happen to anyone in this book is that young Rodrigo faces deportation.
Why then the title The Coming Race War?. Despite such a compelling title, the book never deals with such seemingly relevant issues as to how a race war would come about, who would side with whom, or what the result might be. Relevance, unfortunately, is a concept of little consequence to Critical Race Theorists, such as Prof. Delgado. Had the phrase “race war” not appeared on the cover, in big orange letters, most people would not have noticed that the Professor had written an- I other book.
The Coming Race War In America is authored by Carl T. Rowan, a Negro scribbler who has made his career slavishly apologizing for the liberal wing of the Democrat Party. I His first sentence asks, “How do you tell when a great civilization is in decline?” (Perhaps it’s when a mainstream publisher like Little, Brown resorts to the specter of a race war in order to peddle utter drivel suggesting, that to avoid such an event, we are to maintain the welfare state and disarm individual Americans — another S22.95 down the drain!) As with Prof. Delgado’s latest screed, the phrase “race war”
was put on Mr. Rowan’s cover in big letters so people would notice it. Mr. Rowan’s book is nothing more than a windy complaint about the scaling back of the welfare state, and a possible end to racial entitlements. He sees both as under assault, and his book as “a wake up call” (read threat) about what might happen if either are done away with by a Republican Congress.
In a chapter entitled “How to Prevent ‘Armageddon,’” Mr. Rowan starts out by saying, “I doubt there is any way to prevent bloody racial strife in America.” However, in the next paragraph the reader is assured “it is possible to formulate a prayerful program to prevent a race war. . What might that prayerful program entail? Why, of course, preserve and expand the welfare state that delivered us to the brink of race war in the first place (and while we’re at it, disarm America, and trash the Bill of Rights). At pp. 291-92, Mr. Rowan exhorts the reader:
If we Americans are ever to escape the threat of Armageddon | and the "rivers of blood” that the Turner Diaries predicts, we are going to have to make early and massive interventions in the lives of millions of children who constitute a hopeless underclass. I mean interventions at home, in schools, and in teenage life choices.
What Mr. Rowan fails to realize (or chooses to ignore) is that the welfare state fostered the creation of a hopeless underclass that is uneducated, unskilled, and largely unemployable. But, like a true statist, Mr. Rowan’s solution to any social problem is to further extort the productive and throw more of their money at the uncivilized behavior of his parasitic constituents.
Mr. Rowan also warns, that “there can be no tranquillity without a mandatory disarmament program of colossal magnitude* (p. 283). He is not talking about taking guns away from FBI snipers who kill women holding babies. Mr. Rowan is referring to the “militia and militia-type groups” (p. 284).
That is a very sweeping phrase which could include a troop of boy scouts (they wear uniforms) who are earning their merit badges for rifle shooting. That would not bother Mr. Rowan who, like all obedient statists, believes that the government should enjoy a monopoly on the use of armed force. Nor would he stop there. Mr. Rowan writes at p.284 that “[e]ven after the best of disarmament efforts, authorities will have to monitor these groups with an array of tactics that would break a civil libertarian’s heart.”
Want to avoid an Armageddon? If you are Mr. Rowan, the answer! is obvious; use the Bill of Rights as a doormat.
In all fairness to Mr. Rowan let me say that he is right on one critical point. At p.160 he asks “What Really Is Welfare?” Mr. Rowan observes that “welfare” encompasses a lot more than just programs designed to aid the poor, such as Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC).
When the phrase “welfare recipient” is mentioned, many Caucasians automatically think of an unmarried Negro woman with eight illegitimate kids who lives in a housing project. As Mr.
Rowan correctly points out at pp.160-164, there are a broad range of people on the government dole, many of them lily-white. Although Mr. Rowan does not mention Social Security and Medicare, the most numerous welfare recipients in the United States are the elderly. People retiring today will receive far more in Social Security benefits than they ever paid in taxes to support the program. Medicare heavily subsidizes their health care costs. Much of the money spent on Medicaid has been hijacked by middle-class elderly who transfer assets to their children via the legal fiction of a trust, and then (self-divested of assets) extort taxpayers to pick up
all or most of their nursing home costs.
Despite the fact that unbridled growth of entitlements are propelling the United States toward a social and political crisis comparable to the one which preceded the War for Southern Independence, one of Mr. Rowan’s solutions for avoiding a racial Armageddon is to preserve the welfare state.
If you have not already wasted good money on either of these books — hang on to it. They have catchy titles that make them great conversation pieces; but that’s about all.
What Might the Future Hold?
Revolutionary change in America only takes place after a cataclysmic event that is long in the making. The sudden release of pent up political or economic pressures is often totally unexpected and brings about changes that, only a few years before, would have been unthinkable. Americans have already undergone three cataclysmic events that brought about revolutionary changes; not only in their type of government, but the relationship between that government and the people.
Colonial resentment over excessive taxation and political repression by the British Crown had existed in the colonies for a decade. In 1775 British troops attempted to seize stores of powder and shot kept by militia in Massachusetts and were met with armed resistance in Lexington and at Concord Bridge. These armed exchanges were the beginning of rebellion, a cataclysmic event, that led to the founding of the United States the following year. It would be another fifteen years before the several States were united under a constitution. Even then, the role of the federal government in the young republic was ex-
But, like a true statist, Mr. Rowan’s solution to any social problem is to further extort the productive and throw more of their money at the uncivilized behavior of his parasitic constituents.
tremely limited. That the powers of the federal government were limited to those set forth in Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution was taken very seriously. (Believe it or not, the Constitution is a limitation on the powers of Congress, not the States.) Most government activities originated and were funded at the State level.
The War for Southern Independence, the second cataclysmic event, greatly enhanced the power of the federal government in relation to the States. This was an unintended consequence of a long war in which the Confederate States were forced back into the Union at gun point. The northern armies were fielded by a federal government which took it upon itself to ensure that, once back in the Union, the former Confederate States would be there for good. It was not until the mid 1870’s that the last federal troops were withdrawn from the South. In response to efforts by Southern States to restrict the freedom of newly freed slaves, the Fourteenth Amendment was ratified in 1868. This Amendment gave Congress the express power to enact “appropriate legislation” to counteract any State laws which abridged privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States, deprived people of due process of law, or equal protection of the laws. While justified by state sanctioned oppression of freed blacks in the postwar South, this Amendment marked a watershed in the relationship between the States and the federal government.1 From here on in, the federal government would literally be “Big Brother” to the States.
A third cataclysmic event, the Great Depression of the 1930’s saw unemployment on a scale hitherto unknown in the United States. Keynesian economic theory (which demanded government intervention in economic matters) was accepted as gospel by statist bureaucrats who implemented Roosevelt’s “New Deal”. In the 1930’s the federal government assumed a significant role not only in administering welfare j programs, but in regulating eco-
nomic activity. (Why nationalize private enterprise when you can micro manage it via regulation?)2
The panoply of federal welfare benefits that first became available at that time pale in comparison to what is currently available from the federal government (or from States pursuant to federal mandates) but they were a significant beginning. Not even the most rabid New Dealers
spending on middle class welfare programs, together with interest on the national debt, may consume close to two-thirds of all federal expenditures. That will mean an increasingly smaller percentage of the federal budget will be available for defense, interstate highway construction, and other “discretionary spending”.
Already over taxed, Americans
intended welfare (or Welfare for the middle are likelyto bridle at
public assistance asl it is now known) to] become a career option.3 Nor did they anticipate that federal entitlements would, within a few decades, multiply in number and scope to a point where they would consume the lion’s share of the federal budget.
That growth was gradual and served the interests of statist politicians who, in their time, wanted to endear themselves to minority segments of the electorate. Unfortunately for the statists (and the rest of us), things are now coming to a head. According to the BUDGET OF THE UNITED STATES FISCAL YEAR 1997 (available from the U.S. Government Printing Office) in 1996 interest on the national debt consumed 15.33 percent of all federal expenditures. Middle-class welfare programs consume another 33.25 percent apportioned as follows: Social Security (22.13 %), Medicare (11.12 %). This does not take into account welfare programs that supposedly help poor people, such as Medicaid and “means tested entitlements”, which consumed another 21.36 percent.
Welfare for the middle class elderly (some of whom are actually quite well off) has transformed the federal and states governments into institutions whose primary function is transferring wealth from one group to another. Within a decade,
class elderly (some of whom are actually quite well off) has transformed the federal and states governments into institutions whose primary function is transferring wealth from one group to another.
the prospect of forking over even more of their hard-earned income to fund open-ended entitlements. As the middle-class welfare state starts to run out of money, its dependent constituencies will vie with one another for what money is available. My bet is that the elderly will win out over the poor. The
_____________ elderly	are	more	nu-
merous. They are far better educated, have plenty of time on their hands, vote in higher numbers than the young or middle-aged, and never miss an opportunity to vote against anyone who even dreams of threatening their middle class welfare benefits. No demographic group frightens politicians more than the elderly. It was for good reason that a former Speaker of the House Of Representatives dubbed Social Security “the third rail of politics”. If you touch it, you die.
However, the underclass is not likely to starve quietly.
Chops
T:
Choosing Sides
'he collapse of the welfare state may be the fourth cataclysm that precedes a second civil war which, although not primarily a race war, could have significant racial overtones. If Americans start shooting at one another on a large scale it will not be just because they dislike the other guy’s skin color or accent. It will be
because people have decided to liberate themselves from the heavy hand of government.
Exactly how things will play out cannot be predicted with any certainty in a society as complex as the United States. To the extent that a second civil war takes on racial overtones, those will first surface during riots in and around large urban areas after the welfare apparatus can no longer provide meaningful support to tax eating minorities. In parts of the United States where Asians live in any substantial numbers (e.g., urban areas of the West Coast) their hard-earned (and deservedly well-earned) economic success has resulted in strained relations with Africans and other non-Caucasian tribes who have (predictably) not been as successful economically. Witness the hostilities between Koreans and Africans in Los Angeles, or Jews and Africans in New York. The Asians’ best bet to avoid being slaughtered by Africans will be to side with Caucasians. Middle and upper class Hispanics will do likewise. As a group, they have no love for Africans and will cast their lot with Caucasians, with whom, culturally, they have far more in common.
The real losers in any race war will be the Negro middle class. Although the riots may start in the inner cities, yet if as Carl Rowan puts it at p. 288-89 of his book, [h]ordes of disillusioned black youth... roam a thousand American cities, torching and looting everything in sight, all Negroes may be seen as threatening. Tragically, some Caucasians, fearful of what they have seen happen to other Caucasians trapped in the cities, may logically decide, “Let God sort 'em out.”
Talk of a second civil war may sound far-fetched. However, in 1760, who would have dreamed that within a generation the American colonies would be independent of Great Britain?
In 1960, when Hawaii was admitted to the Union, who would have envisioned that in 1996 Hawaiian aborigines would vote (in a
plebiscite open only to them) in favor of creating a native Hawaiian government. (See “Native Hawaiian Vote Favor Sovereignty”, New York Times, Sept. 14,1996, p.6.) If| you were Negro,!
Caucasian, Mexican, or Asian, your race made you ineligible to vote in that plebiscite.
The Balkanization of American society is a tragic reality, due mostly to federal and State programs aimed at promoting “affirmative action ,
“diversity”, “toler-1____________
ance” and “multi- culturalism.l Government policies that promote^ group “rights,” and the resultant quotas and preferences for minorities, are viciously defended by welfare statists. Government sanctioned discrimination against Caucasians may, however, have unintended (and ironic) consequences that statists never dreamed of. Affirmative action and multiculturalism may someday provide a white separatist movement with the historical and intellectual justification for the establishment of a state in which one’s racial classification dictates one’s right to work, vote or own property. Separatists may rationalize that if Caucasians cannot receive equal treatment under law because of their race, they necessarily have a right to form a separate nation of their own.
eficiaries, thus heightening racial tension.
When a welfare state can no longer support all of the groups that have become dependent upon it,
conflict is inevitable. Add the element of racial animosity, and you have the makings of a racial conflict. The best way to avoid an Armageddon (which Mr. Rowan cretinously contends his tribe can win) is for government, at all levels, to respect the rights of individuals associating among each other as they are wont, and to end its socialistic practice of redistributing wealth and balkanizing policies promoting racial preferences.
NOTES:
'Normally, I dislike jumping in with editorial asides. But in this case I would be remiss if I didn’t point out that the 14th amendment created* citizens of the United States,” a previously unheard of status, and the Reconstruction amendments expressly and deliberately abrogate the 10th amendment by their concluding sections; “Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.” No “unintended consequences” devolved from the War for Southern Independence. The expansion of the federal government was accomplished quite deliberately with malice aforethought.
2And that, gentle readers, is the defining characteristic of fascism.
3I disagree. Given Roosevelt’s intentional cabinet packing with known Com-
The Asians’ best bet to avoid being slaughtered by Africans will be to side with Caucasians. Middle and upper class Hispanics will do likewise.
Conclusion
• I tension between people of different races and cultures JL is not unique to the United States. However, Americans are probably better equipped to deal with such differences because we have a tradition of tolerance, freedom of expression, and a Constitution which (at least theoretically) prevents the federal government from granting privilege on account of race or ethnicity. Group entitlements breed contempt of the ben-
munists, and his Supreme Court packing with known “progressives,” nothing that derived from the Roosevelt administration during the ’30s was “unintended."
s