These so-called governments are in reality only \ great bands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert.
Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to be truely so, must be right in itself;
yet many things have obtained the name of rights, which are originally founded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
Volume IV	Summer/Fall	1998	Number	4
W



PUBLISHED QUARTERLYBY
John P. Zenger Press, Ltd.
$
$ 10.00
The RESISTER
Publisher John Peter Zenger Managing Editor
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Associate Editor Susan L.M. Huck, PhD. Contributing Editors CDR Gerald Atkinson, Ph.D., USN (Ret.)
LCDR Janies Lawrence, USN (Ret.);
Martin Luther, Officer of Marines
Gov. Zebulon B.Vance, NC (CSA); Research Department Fisk Research Associates; Rettina McCann; OSIS Research
Illustrator Michael Paul; McClinton Advertising £st Marketing Peter Yarborough Counselor Kevin L. Jamison I distribution Sandy Brighton
ISSN:	1099-9140
$
The RESISTER is published quarterly by Special Forces Underground and John P. Zenger Press. Address correspondence to: Boxholder, PO Box 35046, Fayetteville, North Carolina 28303, U.S.A. Subscription price: U.S., S35.00; Foreign, SUS50.00; Library, SI00.00 per year. Single copy; SI0.00. The editor will consider unsolicited material, but is not obligated to acknowledge receipt or to return manuscripts. Any contributor who is not notified by The R.ESISTER within 90 days after submitting a manuscript may assume that The Resister is unable to publish the material. Copyright ® 1997 by The Resister. All rights reserved. Requests to reprint or republish any article in this issue, by any means or method now known, or invented in the future, must be submitted in writting to the publisher.
Statement of Editorial Policy
I Ik philosophy of The Resister is straightforward. Individual rights, strict constitutional construction. limited government. Patriotism, laissez-faire economy, and republicanism: In short, the principles upon which America was founded.
We oppose: statism. socialism, internationalism. unlmited democracy, and the United Nations: In short, the ideologies of all tyrannies.
Our philosophical framework is Objectivism (the rational morality of self interest Lift); Our political philosophy is grounded in the works of the Trainers of the Constitution (government as servant. not master I Jherty). C >ur economic philosophy is freedom of enterprise (the origin of true rights Property).
Our goal is the restoration of the Constitutional Republic as originally designed and conceived by its Founders.
These so-caUed governments are in reality only great bands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert. Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to be truely so, must be right in itself; many things have obtained the name of rights, which are originally founded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
Volume IV Summer/Fall 1998 Number 4
CONTENTS
FEATURES
Correspondence	05
Editorials & Commentaries
Beijing Municipal Credit Association	13
Americas Death by 1,000 Cuts	17
Commentaries From Readers	26
Obituary	28
Periodic Intelligence Report	29
Books & Reviewables
Liberals Are Communists	71
Liberalism’s Harvest	76
A Competitor? “The Partisan”	77
The ANTIFEDERALIST
COMMISSARS: The Army’s Political Officers
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)	37
Who Placed American Men in a Psychic “Iron Cage?” (II)
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson	50
Going Postal: The Barbarization of Young White Men James Barber	59
The PARTISAN
The Four Corners Manhunt
Sarah Thompson, M.D.	65
The RESISTER
WACO: THE RULES
OF ENGAGEMENT
All is NOT as it seems! Every American must see this film!
Acclaim for WACO: The Rul
BACK ISSUES & SUBSCRIPTION
The following back issues of The Resister are available. Prices are determined by avai/ab/ity of remaining stocks and are subject to change as stocks are depleted. They will never be reprinted as single issues. We will not honor third-party offers! (Check our distributor list on page 00. They may have sold out issues in stock.)
Vol. II, No. 3 - Vol. IV, No. 1	SOLD	OUT
Vol. IV, No. 2	$20.00
Vol. IV, No. 3	$20.00
Conservative Review (Most issues available) $7.00 ea.
Stapled newsletter versions of The Resister (Vol.I, No.l - Vol.11, No.2) are no longer available.
SUBSCRIPTION: $35.00 (One year).
Please indicate with which issue (current or next) you wish to start.
$10.00 (current issue)
Send orders to:
The RESISTER PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303-5046
Vol. IV, No. 4
THE
PARTISAN
Tfie Journaf oftfie American Freedom Fu
THE TINE FOR COMPLACENCY
IS OVER!
In the struggle against tyranny, knowledge is your most powerfull weapon. At last there is a rational, objective, in-depth journal with cutting edge information dedicated to those who think freedom is worth fighting for.
The Partisan is a new magazine that satisfies a growing desire for a rational, objective, cutting edge publication dedicated to those Americans concerned with issues of individual freedom.
The Partisan will have an editorial policy of staunchly defending the entire Bill of Rights and not just the Second Amendment. Although The Partisan will take a no-compromise stand on moral and philosophical issues relating to freedom The Partisan wants to make it quite clear that it will not entertain nor tolerate any form of racism, Anti-Semitism, patriot mythology or conspiracy theory paranoia that has unfortunately tainted that part of our culture concerned with issues of freedom, survivial and firearms.
In addition to reviewing weapons and equipment The Partisan will also have articles on tactics, preparedness and fieldcraft. The Partisan intends to break new ground with its in-depth reporting on political and philosophical issues as they relate to individual freedom._
Yes, Pm ready to join in the fight for freedom. Name ___________________Please	send	me	a	one	year	(four	issues)	sub-
scription to The Partisan for the introduc-
ress-----------------tory	rate	of	only	$19.95.	(cash	or	check	only)
City / State___________________________ THE	PARTISAN
Zip / Country_____________________ P	O*	Box	1085	DEPT‘TR
Longmont, CO. 80502
'S ■	 WWW.PARTISAN.COM	OR	UZI1@FRII.COM	,
The RESISTER
What will you do when they come to take your guns?
When, in the not-too-distant future, the U.S. bans the private possession of firearms and stages the Gun Raids to round up suspected gun owners, Earl Turner and his fellow patriots are forced underground. The hated Equality Police begin hunting them down, but the patriots fight back with a campaign of sabotage and assassination. As the struggle escalates an all-out race war occurs, with the government enlisting the non-White minorities to put down the White rebels. Turner and his comrades suffer terribly, but their ingenuity and boldness in devising and executing new methods of guerrilla warfare lead to an eventual victory of cataclysmic intensity and worldwide scope.
This is the book which the FBI and the controlled media have been claiming is the "blueprint" for everything from the Oklahoma City bombing to the takeover of the U.S. government by “White extremists." It is the “Bible" of the “racist right," they say. It is the book most hated and feared by the gun-control crowd.
Too many things predicted in the book have been coming true, they believe, and they're afraid that if more people read the book the rest of it also may come true. Actually, says the author, the book is merely a vehicle, in the form of an exciting novel about urban guerrilla warfare and revolution, for his ideas about race and society. You'll have to read it for yourself to see who's right.
THE TURNER DIARIES 211 pages soft cover	$12.95	+	S&H
Another blockbuster from the author of The Turner Diaries
What should an honorable man do when confronted by evil?
This second novel packs at least as strong a message That message is: When an honorable man confronts evil, he must neither submit to it nor ignore it, but he must take up arms against it That is what Vietnam veteran Oscar Yeager does in response to treason, degeneracy, corruption, and other evils in Washington, DC, with spectacular results. He declares war on the enemies of his people, and after that no politician, media liar, or other degenerate is safe from his bombs, silenced pistols, garottes, and other weapons. Oscar Yeager becomes a one-man death squad—until he is caught by a frighteningly ambitious FBI official and given a proposition he cannot refuse. Then he develops a new strategy and becomes even more violent and dangerous to everyone in his way.
HUNTER 259 pages soft cover direct from the author	$12.95 +S&H
SEX DIFFERENCES: MODERN BIOLOGY AND THE UNISEX FALLACY by Christen-141 pp hard cover $34.95 ALIEN NATION: COMMON SENSE ABOUT AMERICA'S IMMIGRATION Peter Brimelow-327 pp hard $23.95 FRENCH REVOLUTION IN SAN DOMINGO—Story of Black massacre of Whites in Haiti. 410 pp soft cover $9.95 RACE by John Baker—By an Oxford scholar Best comparison of Whites and Africans. 623 pp hard cover $24.95 IMPORTING REVOLUTION by Hawkins—U.S leftist immigration leading to revolution. 209 pp soft cover $7.95 BEHIND COMMUNISM by Bntton—Exposes ethnic group behind communist movement. 94 pp soft cover $3.95 SPECIAL TASKS by Sudoplatov—Soviet secret police (NKVD) leader reveals atrocities. 509 pp hard cover $24.95 YOU GENTILES by Samuel—Leading Jew explains their aims and attitudes toward Gentiles. 221 pp soft cover $5.95 TALMUD UNMASKED by Fr Pranaitis—Catholic priest bluntly reveals Jewish lawbook 111 pp soft cover $4 95 NUREMBERG: THE LAST BATTLE by David Irving—Trial of NWO's first victims. 377 pp hard cover $34.95 RACE, INTELLIGENCE, AND BIAS IN ACADEME by Pearson—leftist & minorities run univs. 304 pp soft $17.50 CAPTURED BY INDIANS—Actual eye-witness accounts by those who survived hell 378 pp soft cover $8.95 CELTIC MYTHS & LEGENDS by Squire—Amazing pre-Christian Celtic stones	464 pp hard cover $9.95
MYTHS OF THE NORSEMEN by Guerber—Rich detail on Thor, Odin, Yggdrasil, etc. 397 pp soft cover $10.95 HISTORY OF THE VIKINGS by Jones—True story of greatest adventurers of all times. 504 pp soft cover $16.95 THE ALAMO by John Meyers—Best account of fighting Mexicans to capture Texas. 240 pp soft cover $9 95 BEYOND GOOD AND EVIL by Nietzsche—Philosophy of race, peoples, gender, etc. 239 pp soft cover $10.95 PERPETUAL WAR FOR PERPETUAL PEACE by Barnes—Our wars, a tool of NWO. 740 pp soft cover $8 95
Shipping & Handling: In the USA add $3.00 for first book, then 50£ per book.
Foreign Orders: For details send $2.00 for main catalog.
Please print name and mailing address clearly.
Send check or money order
Gun Control in Germany 1928-1945
9m



Was Hitler really a gun-grabber?
There’s more misinformation circulating among gun owners on this question than any other. If you want to discuss gun rights intelligently, you need the facts. They’re all in this book.
"The first thing Hitler did when he came to power was round up all the guns." True or false? To answer this question the author of Gun Control in Germany, 1928-1945 dug up the official German statute books from the period in question so he could read exactly what the laws said about the ownership and carrying of firearms by Germans, both during the time Hitler headed the government and before. He wanted to know not only what Hitler's gun laws were, but also how Hitler had changed the gun laws that already existed in Germany. Gun Control in Germany 1928-1945 not only answers your questions about Hitler's attitude toward gun ownership, F it provides complete, facsimile reproductions of the Hitler and pre-Hitler gun laws, just as they appeared in German statute books, along with complete and exact English translations of both. Everything is spelled out clearly and completely on the laws for buying, owning, and carrying both handguns and long guns. The next time you're in an argument about gun control .know the facts. Read this book! GUN CONTROL IN GERMANY. 1928-1945 by William L. Pierce 8J4"xU" 48 pp soft cover $4 95 + S&H
Hours of reading enjoyment in my 72-page catalog
CATALOG—Here are over 600 books and tapes that prove that our gun-control and crime problems are not just caused by well-meaning liberals. The cause is much deeper than liberalism. The news media and politicians are not biased because they are ignorant of the facts. All the facts in the world can't make a leopard change his spots I've selected the best and most reliable and trustworthy books from both underground and major publishers Many of these you won't be able to find anywhere else The famous, hard-hitting article, "Who Rules the Media?," is included in every 72-page catalog. Send $2 for a catalog (or FREE with any order).
(no COD's) to:
NATIONAL VANGUARD BOOKS, Dept RR • POB 330 • Hillsboro WV 24946
Vol. IV, No. 4
The law perverted! ... The law, I say, not only turned front its proper purpose but made to follow and entirely contrary purpose!
Frederic Bastiat
Corr
As usurpation is the exercise of power which another hath a right to, so tyranny is the exercise of power beyond right, which nobody can have a right to. John Locke, 1681
ence
A Letter From the Editor
Stand At... Ease!
That means stand at parade rest and direct your undivided attention to the speaker.
When The Resister started up the decision was made to never be affiliated with any other group or organization. Part of the reason was their incompetence. Let's face it; political warfare is not exactly an undergraduate discipline. The legal authority to prosecute war is reserved to government. In the specific case of political warfare (and I’m not talking about the incessant squabbling between our Menshevik and Bolshevik parties over the scraps of what’s left of the America they willingly destroyed) government is, um, reluctant, to share useful details about how it is actually waged. Call it self-defense.
Another reason The Resister remains unaffiliated is that the myriad and increasing number of factions that comprise the so-called “patriot movement” were (and still are) readymade useful distractions. The louder they bluster empty threats, and posture on impossible issues, and stomp around in army drag while being “led" by self-anointed generals, the more attention they draw to themselves, and the less attention is paid to those who, well, know what they’re doing — and why.
When I started The Resister I spent about six months listening to the various programs on short wave radio — then stopped listening out of disgust. Some of it was interesting; some of it drivel; some of it panic monger-ing; very little of it sober. If I was a counterinsurgency analyst reporting on the “threat” based on short wave
traffic analysis my assessment would be “harmless pressure valve.”That assessment would be largely based on the amount of constant bickering and| back stabbing going! on; indicators that there is no unifying idea (the Constitution is not an idea, it’s the result of an idea) underpinning that mirage called “the movement.” My intelligence summary would read simply,
“They’re clueless. Do| nothing. They’ll eventually self-de-struct.
Which is pretty much what is happening; despite the “authoritys’" enthusiasm for crushing the odd blips when they pop up on the radar screen. Authorities get bored just like everyone else.
One blip recently dropped off the screen. He began believing his own propaganda. His unfathomable fame illuminated his stunning incompetence and he thus attracted Authorities like moths to a porch light. When “the moment” arrived his true self exerted itself and he tried to con his way out of it. He now broadcasts from jail — when he’s allowed telephone privileges. No matter. There are more useful distractions out there.
What are your questions on this block of instruction?
Speaking of Incompetents...
Try to imagine requesting to do business with a national publication. Then try to imagine trying to run a con against the indi-
vidual who edits and publishes that publication. Now try to imagine the odds of that editor not throwing the “Big Red Bullshit Flag" in that very publication when he finds out you tried to run a con.
Go ahead; give it your best shot. Pass a message through one of my dis-■tributors that you want me to call you reference distributing The Resister.Then don't pay for the shipment. Then misrepresent to an innocent third party with who I speak regularly that \The Resister is sponsoring her radio program — when it’s Inot. Then grossly overcharge (43%) for aTR subscription from your “fulfillment” center because you “can’t make any money on it — I’m shipping them back.”
I suppose, given Republic Radio International’s history as thieves and con artists, I should have known better. Maybe they counted on my being too embarrassed to expose them. Thieves and con artists always assume their marks are as cowardly as they are.
RRI constantly owes WWCR about S15,000 in air time; “allegedly” WRMI for about $6,000; Jim Thomas, publisher of Media Bypass for about $8,000 in long distance sendee before they burglarizing the Media Bypass offices to steal MB’s satellite uplink equipment; an associate for $5,300 on her credit card; and Mr. “I’m an Irish National!” for a second mortgage on his Michigan home. How much air time RRI has looted thus far from WGTG is open to speculation. The Resister got off light; it was only looted for $28 in shipping charges. Well, slightly more. I sent them a standard unit of 25 copies. They returned 24.
RRI publicly... has smeared the individuals they have looted... as “pay-triots.”Which sounds suspiciously like Bolsheviks calling landowners kulaks.
RRI publicly, on stolen air time! has smeared the individuals they have looted and those from whom they are currently stealing — individuals who rightly expect payment in return for their products and services—as “pay-trio ts.”
Which sounds suspiciously like Bolsheviks calling land owners kulaks.
Combating Censorship
There exists today a planned, methodical campaign by The Censors to ensure that Americans read, watch or hear only that which The Censors want them exposed to. This censorship extends from local book stores and public libraries to the publishing houses themselves; from newspapers and magazines to professional journals. This censorship includes not only what is permitted to be printed, but also to what is available in book stores. For example; during a recent book hunt I came across prominent displays of Carl Rowans filthy screed, The Coming Race War in America, but saw not a single copy of Jared Taylor’s Paved With Good Intentions: The Failure of Race Relations in America. So 1 tried an experiment. 1 asked the clerk responsible for the political and contemporary issues section where Paved With Good I n tent ions was, as 1 was having difficulty finding it. “Oh, that book,” she said. “We don’t carry that kind of stuff." 1 already had Mr. Taylor’s excellent work, but 1 thought I d press the issue and said 1 would like to order a copy. She gave meThe Look — the censor's look.
When researching Bella Abzug’s vile life for her long overdue obitu-arv, “Bella Abzug: The First Jewish Woman in Congress; Profile of a Destroyer,” 1 scoured local public and university libraries to fill the gaps in my research into the history of Jewish Bolshevism in America. Now, there were quite a few books published on that very subject during the 1920s and ‘30s, so I figured some of them must have survived at Methodist College. Indeed, there were a few cards in the index. To the stacks! The intoxicating smell of book dust and mold hastened my lunge for the shelf. They were gone. Not checked out gone. Stolen; or rather, censored.
The RESISTER
Now, I realize that libraries have fixed space and must cull their stacks for new acquisitions. However, when they do cull the stacks they remove the card from the index. But it’s well known in certain research circles that the ADL sends its minions to libraries to, well, disappear books that displease them.
Another group that censors library collections is Friends of the Library. Consider them the National Lawyer’s Guild of public libraries. This group of self-annointed censors roam library stacks and pull books that displease them. You know, to “help” make room for new acquisitions. You can find Heather's Two Mommies with ease. Just try to find Aids: What the Gov-\ emment Isn t Telling Vow.The list goes on and on. Primarily books about race
w
that contradict the fantasies of egalitarians, and just about anything that is truly anti-Communist.
Many authors today self-publish
becauseThe Censors________
forbid large publish- I ing houses to accept their work. Even if their work is accepted, it is not promoted, or it’s produced in limited run, never to be popularized, library edi- ____________
tions priced out of reach of the average reader.There are several small publishing houses that specialize in stocking these restricted works, or reprinting earlier works that The Censors have forbidden to be public knowledge. One such publishing house is National Vanguard Books, a subsidiary of National Alliance.
All right, before you swoon let me explain something. Last issue 1 described my “Adventures in Advertising,” wherein display ads for The Resister were refused by two national
w
conservative publications. I acknowledged it was their right to refuse the ads, and I agreed with a correspondent in the John Birch Society who stated that refusing an ad for The Resister was probably a mistake on their part, because a publisher should assume his readership was intelligent enough to exercise “discretion in evaluating the advertised products. When 1 was approached for display space by National Vanguard Books my
Oh, that book,” she said. “We don’t carry that kind of stuff....
She gave me The Look — the censors look.
first reaction was “No way.” Curiosity, however, led me to request a copy of what they wanted to advertise.
What they proposed to offer was a book catalogue. Back in my court. I checked out the catalogue, and found dozens of books that I had been flogging book search services and book stores for for years. For example, they have Father Coughlin Answers His Critics; and America's Decline, by Dr. Revilo P. Oliver; the very hard to find Roots of Radicalism: Jews, Christians, and the Left, and what is probably the most objective study of the biological differences between the races ever written (almost impossible to find), Race, by Professor John R. Baker; among others rare and censored.
One of my ongoing projects is to rescue from certain obscurity the body of anti-Communist literature, magazines and pamphlets that once circulated freely in America during the period between 1920 and 1960 before The Censors began their insidious work of silencing dissent and expunging the record. Because National Vanguard Books carries, or has reprinted, many of the works The Cen-sors have decreed forbidden to the public, and because I assume The Resisters readership is intelligent enough to exercise “discretion in evaluating the advertised products,” I’ve accepted National Vanguard Book’s ad for their catalogue. Caveat emptor is the traditional English and American common law practice of assuming the buyer is intelligent enough to know what he’s buying. Caveat venditor 'xs a Communist invention; and in the case of publishers and booksellers it is the cry of The Censors.
Republicanism At Work (Results)
W
ell, the ballots are in. Of eligible voters, 38% returned the ballots they were sent. Remember, I said eligible voters would be sent a ballot. Votes received that were not on an official ballot were not counted (read the instructions). The count was 50% go
Vol. IV, No. 4
bimonthly, and 50% stay quarterly. TR, for at least Volume V, will remain a quarterly at the current subscription rate.
What will change is the page count. One of the biggest complaints received over the past year or so is that the type is “too hard on the eyes.” (Well, not a complaint really, let’s call it an appeal.) I am reliably informed that many ofTR’s readers are, um, seasoned, anti-Communists. Currently, TR s layout uses a 10 pt Caslon Regular (bold) typeface over a 10 pt line for body text, and 9/9.5 for footnotes. The new layout (starting with this issue) will use 10.5/11 for body text and 9.5/10 for footnotes. If you don’t know what that means, it means the page count increased because the type size is larger, andTR will also be easier on the eyes.
TR is rapidly approaching the limits of saddle stitch binding (generally, about 100 pages). That means if its “heft” increases much more we will have to use perfect binding (like a paperback). And that means the signatures will have to be sent out of town, because the teeming Fayetteville, North Carolina, metropolis has not a single bindery. That would add at least 10 days to the production cycle (you wouldn’t notice because the deadline crunch is onTR’s end) and increase costs due to shipping to the bindery and postage. I am loath to increase subscription rates. TR’s readers are honest, hard working people who pick and choose carefully which publications they subscribe to; not for a tasteful display on the coffee table, but to read. So, we’re going to hang in there with current rates as long as possible.
I like my printers. When I was still active duty and TR was an “underground,” expanding from newsletter to magazine, I needed printers who could keep their mouths shut. After some searching I was recommended to a newly opened shop run by wonderful women who, after some delicate negotiations, accepted the TR account. During the entire timeTR was printed in their shop while I was on active duty the ladies never let slip where it was being printed and they sterilized their shop after every job so there would be no trace ofTR remaining if the Army’s Clouseau Investigation Division (CID) showed up
asking for a “reuoom.” Indeed, to this day, the account still exists under its cover name.
You’ll have noticed by now that this issue carries the seasons Summer/ Fall 1998. Don’t panic! Although this issue is technically a double issue and
a couple weeks late ______________
hitting the street, there will be no break in the volume and number sequence.
All we’ve do
You see, our nomeklaturas scuts and apparatchik are
/in we ve done is re- c* 11 \ \^	„	1	drawn, anu your
aligned the volume frightened by Open de participation in that
and number se-
fiance to their collec- system by inflicting it quence to the season tivist and multicultural upon your children
tion harms white students (while doing nothing to improve the performance of black students), and that whites should either teach their children at home, or form their own private schools. Government schools should be abandoned to blacks. In other words, support for the system through trying to “fix” it should be intellectually withdrawn, and your
Which if appears. a„endas. (Why do you sh°u!d be th**y
volume V, Number P. *	«	J^	withdrawn.
1, will be published in thmk they Want to dlS-
January 1999, put-tingTRbackonabe-ginningof-the-season track. The alternative would be the embarrassment of publishing an Autumn 1998 issue in January (winter) 1999.
Political Warfare 101
I get huge volumes of mail asking how do we take our republic back from our Bolshevik destroyers. If I responded to every letter I received I’d never get any work done. So, rather than trying to explain how political warfare is waged I thought I’d provide a local demonstration by using the opposition’s propaganda arm against them to drag an “unpopular” issue kicking and screaming into public.
On 07 August 1997,1 went to the Cumberland County, North Carolina, Board of Elections and filed as an at-large candidate for a seat on the Board of Education. The procedure was painless and it only cost five sheets of Federal Reserve scrip.
Here’s the beauty of it. You get to go down to the local fish-wrap and get your picture taken (for stories about you), and you get interviewed regarding your platform. Which means you get free press coverage. In other words, if you file for a public office, you have a public forum. Get it?
I told the reporter my campaign platform is very simple: Education is not a right (the separation of education and state); that school integra-
arm us?)
Well, aside from misquoting me (I was shocked) and publishing private information about my family I asked them not to publish (again, I was shocked), the Fayetteville Observer-Times managed to get across to the local reader-ship that I had a low regard for the government’s Communist designed school system. Which is true.
You see, our nomeklatura s scuts and apparatchik are frightened by open defiance to their collectivist and multicultural agendas. (Why do you think they want to disarm us?)They’re even more afraid of anybody who is self educated, reasonably intelligent, and who, when they’re called a “racist,” gazes down upon them in patronizing boredom and replies (deadpan), “Of course I’m an advocate of my own race; don’t be a damn fool,” and then publicly impales them on their “definition” of their own swearword.
Will I be elected? No: I withdrew my candidacy a month later. That sparked another press interview, which resulted in my position being published — this time accurately — that government schools should be segregated.
Neither getting elected, nor my short lived candidacy, was the point. Using the opposition’s own forum (the despicable Fayetteville Observer-Times), to publicize the question, why shouldn’t school segregation be reconsidered? — which would never have seen the light of day had it been submitted as an OP/ED — that was the point.
Now, what would happen if 10
The RESISTER
people declared their candidacy for the same (any) office and received opposition publicity of their views? How about 100 people? See?
Class... dismissed.
Today’s Quiz
Let’s posit a hypothetical situation. Mr. “X” buys a copy of The Resister at a gun show from an authorized distributor. He reads it. He likes it. He decides to subscribe. He sends a letter with a subscription fee to that effect. Now, if Mr. “X” doesn’t say, “I have the current issue, please start with the next issue,” which issue will his subscription begin with?
That’s right! The current issue — which, of course, he already has. And who gets letters about “missing" issues? ME! <®#$ %A&*@#$%A!
Look, folks; my crystal ball is broken. And my ability to prophesy intent and read minds eluded me, oh, about forty-four years ago. Tell me with which issue you want to start your subscription.
Meanwhile, I’m going to defy the Woman’s Christian Temperance Union and have another whiskey, spite the anti-tobacco commissars and chain smoke Camel (non-filter) cigarettes, and spend some time playing connect the dots with the stars so 1 can whim into existence astrological charts to divine subscriber preferences.
From Readers
My Dear Steve: Forgive me for taking so long to reply to your phone call.... Trying to get any sense out of Buthelezi’s people right now is impossible. Everything is so chaotic and threatening.... And for all practical purposes they already have a major conflict situation on their hands down in KwaZulu/Natal. We will be lucky if
W
it stops there.
At long last I managed to [contact] a White man and he said 1 should ask you what quantities are involved and what type of medical supples: for civilian use, or are they field dressings and so on? All of course are urgently needed, but it is a case of where
they should go. If it is civilian stuff and not a large quantity it could come here, because their people are fairly constantly at my house.
I fear very much what will happen in the months ahead. The economy is now in virtual collapse, violence and crime at near civil war proportions. I have had another three friends killed in the past six weeks... just gunned down, without ever anyone being arrested, least of all going to court.
Living in Joeys today is like living in Dodge City. Only not much to laugh at.
God bless, Aida
Dear Aida: Enclosed is $180.00for my renewal and I a donation. Believe me, I know all about the rising costs of publishing. Here in the States it seems almost like the inflation ofcosts to publish is intended to drive opposition publishing out of business. As I am able, I will donate what I can from time-to-time to help your efforts to relieve the suffer- i ingof White children in SA.
In a sane world, the US Army would be deploying to Africa to train and advise Whites how to take back from Blacks j what Whites had created in Africa, which Blacks can only loot because they think Western technology just falls from the sky or miracles itself into existence. Precisely the opposite purpose for deploying is the case however. That policy comes straight out of Wall Street.
Mandela andTu Tu are worshipped here of course. Filthy swine.
The Africanization of America is progressing nicely. "Hate speech ” is rapidly becoming a political "crime" here — as it already has in Canada and Europe. Hate speechj of course, means one is critical ofthe Anointed Tribes looting (or agitation for it by the Chosen Bolsheviks). Why American Whites cave-in to the demands of those cretins, who could never have created what they wish to loot (let alone have even conceived of on their own), eludes me.
Here's an idea! Given that South Africa is now a paradise, what with Blacks now 1equal” and all — with democratic leave to murder, loot, rape, and communize SA — lets cut a deal.
We'll trade our Blacks and Mexican illegals for all your South African Whites.
Well even throw our White “liberal" multiculturalists and evironmentali$ts into the bargain.
They so very much deserve thosejoys of the Utopiafricz they wish upon us.
Warmest regards Steve
We’ve got a military that “re fleets society.” We’ve got an administration that is “representative of America.” Now, look around you. I think we’re doomed.
“F.M. Mangood" Fort Carson, CO
With great interest I read in The Resister (Spring 1998) about publications that refuse The Resisters advertising. As the author of The Satori and the New Mandarins I can assure you that you have only come upon the tip of the iceberg. My publisher and myself also planned to advertise in The New American, the John Birch Society flagship publication. Our check and ad art were returned by the very same Julie DuFrane, with the comment that our ad had been refused due to conflict with the editorial board.
When we pressed as to who was on that board we were politely informed that it was none of our business! Queries to Mr. John McManus, publisher of The New American, were not answered. As a former member ofJBS, I can only conclude that something is amiss here.
We then attempted to advertise in the LP (Libertarian Party national newspaper). Again, our ad was refused by the editor, Mr. Bill Winter. Likewise, he refused to answer our query.
We then contacted Mr. Ron Knickenberger, Libertarian Party head, who, after 12 phone calls, finally returned ours. He informed us that he did not agree with Mr. Winter’s decision, but that his hands, as Party head, were tied.
We tried Granet State Taxpayers, Inc., to advertise in their statewide New Hampshire newsletter. Check and ad copy were returned. I had been a member of the GST Board for several years. No explanation was given.
Bookstores have refused to sell The Satori and the New Mandarins because:
8
Vol. IV, No. 4
“Its too controversial.”
“We don’t want to be audited by the IRS.” [!]
“We don’t sell books of this type; it agitates people.” [!!]
“Our customers would be upset if we sold it.”
I don’t want to bore your readers, but opposition to the truth in America is systemic. The average “citizen” is so terrified of our “government” that they are afraid to even read, sell, or distribute information that contradicts the Party Line, or vote against (as you call them) our nomenklatura. If we, as Patriots, think America’s miserable peasant rabble will have the fortitude to oppose the “New World Order,” perhaps we should rethink our entire prognosis about America’s future.
Dr. Adrian Krieg Acworth, NH
An acquaintance told me that Atlas Shrugged is really the Illuminati’s plan to take over the world by destroying and then controlling the world economy. What do you think about that? He also said that Ayn Rand was the mistress of “Baron” Rothschild. Could that be true?
Gordon Kelly, et al.
Carmichael, CA
I've never responded to a collective before. I don't know what to make of your acquaintances' hypothesis regarding “Atlas Shrugged,” other than, a) they never read it, b) if they did read it they read it up-side-down, or 3) they're socialists who perceive the Illuminati as a Capitalist conspiracy to restore individual liberty — in wh ich case they should get fitted for new aluminum foil hats; their old ones are letting too many Bad Rays leak through.
As to Ayn Rand being "Baron" Rothschild's mistress, I'd like to see the source of that little tidbit. She was an acknowledged adulteress with NathanialBrandon, but other than her violation of her marriage vows (which does raise an interesting question about Objectivist ethics regarding oaths and vows), that i the extent of her sexual irresponsibility as fax as I know.
SMB
The RESISTER
I just read with great interest Joe Douglass’ article [Vol.IV, No.3] concerning the fate of Western (and other) POWs during the Korean and Vietnam wars.
Of further interest is the WW II Japanese “medical research” unit that made use ofhundreds of Allied POWs in their experiments. At war’s end none of its members were tried as criminals, the whole operation being scooped up and given amnesty conditional to sharing its research with Uncle Sam.
Msr. Douglass also touched briefly on the fate of the 50,000 allied POWs at the end of WW II, the vast majority being airmen. Imagine a teenager from Nebraska (or Toronto, London or Sydney) shot down and held in a Luft Stalag in Eastern Germany, his whereabouts duly reported to the ICRC and his loved ones at home.
At the end of the war that made the world safe for “pluralism and democracy” those POWs not fortunate to have been force marched West by their captors were overrun by good ‘ole Uncle Joe’s forces. Recognizing a cash-cow/hostage/slave labour pool, the POWs were initially held to ensure the (forced) return of anti-Com-munist refugees and units in Allied areas — who were then promptly murdered. The Soviets “changed their mind” and the Allied POWs were transported to Siberia and there worked to death with millions of others from Eastern Europe. What explanation Uncle Sam gave the POWs’ families back home for their sudden disappearance is unknown. What can only be imagined is the despair and horror faced by those men.
Don’t hold your breath waiting for shrill “lobbyists" to churn out TV movies of the week, convene tribunals and dish out “share your guilt” brow beatings on this piece of history. Your ruling class’ contempt for it’s men of war is staggering.
Max French Scarborough, Ontario
The article “Ministerstvo Gosudarstvennoe Bezospasnosti” [Vol.IV, No.2] was extremely informative in spite of its top heavy title. So the FBI wants to interfere in our First amendment rights by intimidating Resister
distributors? In that case, please forward information on how I can become a Resister distributor.
Robert Bledsoe Merriam, Kansas
All you need to do is write, say you want to be a distributor, and provide a street address and telephone number. TR is shipped in units of 25. The cost is S150 per unit (40% discount). TR pays the shipping cost. The number of copies in subsequent units is negotiable. If you want a standing order you ’ll be added to the distributor list and you 'll be invoiced (payable upon delivery).
I’m new to The Resister, and I like what I see — for the most part. I’m a left over from the Conservative Review. The letter from “Defector in Place” [Vol.IV, No.3] was especially encouraging to me.
I don’t have much time left on this old planet and the evils which are immediately ahead of us I probably will not see. But for my children and grandchildren, I hope “Defector" is correct in his statements. It is only going to take the default of one country to the IMF for all the one-world agencies to spring into action and overpower our country. These things are a lot closer than most people realize they are — and I am not one of those... survivalists.
Two things in The Resister bother me considerably:
1. Several times evolution is mentioned as fact.That would negate the words that we are “endowed with unalienable rights by our Creator.”
2.1 dearly love Sue Huck but find it difficult to believe that she couldn’t, in our very rich English language, find a better word than “Schmuck.” Only conversational cripples turn to such words to express themselves. And The Resister would be a much better publication without its writers resorting to profanity when there are so many other good words by which to express themselves.
Clifford Frame Oakland Park, Florida
Correspondent “Defector in Place" is quite serious, as are all the other defectors in place throughout the military. Their defection is not from America, or its founding
The RESISTER
principles and philosophies, rather from what it has become and is becoming. I think youd be surprised where some of them are.
Regarding evolution, Ido not censor my writers Faith, or lack of it. TR writers are a pretty catholic (and tolerant, in that words true — not multicultural” — meaning) lot who agree on one central premise; all traces of socialism in America must be eradicated, and the Constitutional Republic, as originally conceived by our Fathers, restored.
Dr. Huck’s choice of the word "schmuck" was deliberate. She was recently asked by a retired general, “ Why do you write for \those guys?'" Because, she replied, "'they won't censor me and they don't ask me to be polite to our enemies. "
Steven M. Barry
The NRA endorses compromise politicians, the likes of Dole and Barr, excluding those like Helen Chenowith who really challenge invasions of our rights and freedoms. Dole, a moral cripple (I wonder if being physically crippled infects the mind), sneaked in the Brady Bill, yet he received the backing of the NRA who commented to me (over the phone), “that was of little conseauence.” Now the Lautenberg amendment blatantly violates Article I, section 9, clause 3 of the Constitution. The NRA considers that to be “of little consequence” also.
Barr stated in USA Today that the Lautenberg amendment was “good legislation for combating “domestic violence.” Yet Barr’s bill to amend Lautenberg is nothing more that “feel good" BS for cops. Chenowith's bill to eliminate Lautenberg was ignored by the NRA.
Gun Owners of America views things differently. The word “compromise” is not in their dictionary. GOA members pressured over twenty congressmen to cosponsor Chenowith’s bill. How many cosponsors has NRA produced for the Barr
bill?
Media pundits would like you to think that the fight over the Second amendment has degenerated into a private war between our government and the NRA.. Anybody whose head is not implanted between their back pockets cannot help but notice that
the NRA has bent-over every time the government has told it to, “protesting” all the while to take the focus off all the issues to disarm us and curtail our freedoms.
CW permits? Same scenario. Only more insidious is the NRAs role in promoting this first step toward confiscation. The Second amendment enumerates the individual’s natural right to keep and bear arms, not only for the protection of our nation from invasion, but also to protect the individual from his own government. Why is a citizen required to ask permission from that same government to exercise his natural right to “keep and bear arms?” The registration of firearms won’t be necessary if the NRA gets its way with a national registry of CWP holders.
The NRA strongly promotes a national instant check for firearms purchases. This makes the NRA a spokesman for whom? Citizens, or government?
And the last thing gun owners need is that Moses wannabe, Charlton Heston, speaking “for us.” He’s done enough damage already. Especially when he blithers, “No one needs to own an assault weapon.” Curious, that’s just what government says. If he had a shred of honor he’d know what to do with his “silver bullet.” He represents gun owners? Not this one!
Larry Bigham Loma, Montana
was recently sent an “/ Survived Weaselfest	'98’	T-shirt.
Weaselfest VS meaning the VS NRA convention. Everybody asks, *what's weaselfest ?" I tell them weasel is pronounced Heston-Metaksa.
Steven M. Barry
Your critique(s) of the so-called patriot/militia organizations are right on target as I have much intrinsic knowledge of the philosophical and organizations problems that you and others bring to light in The Resister. I fear, however, that the very individuals that are
*	m	I
convinced you are speaking to people other than themselves ignore your counsel. Even recent contact with a few of these individuals has convinced me that they remain hopelessly deluded.
You also wrote of your consternation regarding “six to ten line addresses that are the trademark of the “sovereign human beings” of the Common Law movement. They invaded the unorganized militia some years ago. At first, the majority of Ohio’s militia members regarded this rather odd philosophy as harmless. As they began to grow in numbers and influence a certain zealotry coupled with religious fanaticism began to permeate the ranks. An outright attempt to transform the Ohio Unorganized Militia into a “Common Law” militia failed, but only by a very close margin of votes.
Having failed their putsch, the sovereign human beings then covertly elected a “governing body of zealots, commandeered the OUM (a legal, chartered component of Ohio s military establishment) and tasked it as the enforcement arm of the Common Law Court. The war was on; we had met the enemy and it was us. After the smoke had cleared we had all but destroyed ourselves. It was clear that the Common Law movement was regarded an outlaw organization by the authorities with many of its members on the run. (One of its “judges” was shot dead by police at a traffic stop.) Any good will that we had built with the public was now destroyed by this evil complicity.
At that point, there was little left to do but to retire the charter and dis-band OUM. The Co mmon Law “Court of Ohio had racked up such a history of in-your-face provocation with the police — along with other common law inspired irregularities — that there remained no other choice.
James Barber Chagrin Falls, Ohio
NOW AVAILABLE...
A Book You
Will Want To Read...
WHO
SHALL
ASCEND?
Fr. James F. Wathen, O.S.J.
A Treatise on The Catholic Faith & The Conciliar Church
A Companion Book to The Great Sacrilege by the Same Author
Chapters dealing with...the Dogma of Faith, Moral Responsibility, Charity & Justice, Pacifism & the Morality of War, Socialism, the Demise of Communism, the Second Vatican Council, the Conciliar Popes, Scdevacantism, the present duty of Catholics, and other subjects—680 pages, in paperback. Both Who Shall Ascend? and The Great Sacrilege are essential reading for serious-minded Catholics.
•	Who Shall Ascend?....... .......................... $35.00	(P&H	$3.00)
•	The Great Sacrilege.........>	.	.	.	 $10.00	(P&rH	$1.50)
•	You can receive both titles for.....................$40.00	(P&H	$4.50)
USE THE COUPON BELOW, ORDER BY CHECK OR MONEY ORDER
Yes, please send me:	 copies	of	Who	Shall Ascend?
_____copies of The Great Sacrilege
NAME_______________________________ ■	__________________
STREET ADDRESS	_________________________________________
CITY____________________________________STATE__________ZIP	„_________________
Enclosed is my check or money order for $__________________
Payable to: PRIORY of ST. JOHN the BAPTIST Book Fund 3014 S. Third Street Louisville, Kentucky 40208 Phone (502) 637-3839 / Fax (502) 634-9530
Book(s) will be sent immediately. This flyer may be copied; selling these books is an apostolate for us.
IF NOT YOU, WHO?
COMRADES!
We saved our Soviet Partners for Peace. Now our Chinese Communist comrades need your help!
Peace For Asia!
Help train the People’s Liberation Army!
The CHICOM are our Friends!
ARMY. PEACE AND BREAD.
(Women and Minorities only need apply.)
01998, by SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.) and The Resistcr
No mans life, liberty, or property is safe while the legislature is in session.
Judge Gideon J. Tucker	jijnjL
Editorials
The Highest art in the world cannot guild socialism. It is impossible to make beautiful the denial of liberty.
Auberon Herbert
mmentanes
Beijing Municipal Credit Association
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Secretno-politicheskoye
Upravleniya
Unique among the nations that have succumbed to commu nism during the 20th Century, only America (and possibly Britain) has adhered to classic Marxist material dialectic development. Our own Fabian socialist nomenklatura of university intelligentsia, media pundits, politicians, “businessmen,” foundation board members, and the Council on Foreign Relations, have been remarkably patient lo these many decades, not only in their design for communizing America, but also in restraining the enthusiasm of their less enlightened apparatchik “change agents." For well over 100 years, with an ideological nudge here, and a legislative push there, through systematic subversion of American culture by judicial decree, has America been gently steered into Communism.
Our nomenklatura also took great pains to avoid alienating the US military. Since the end of Roosevelt’s War, CFR talent spotters have been remarkably successful in identifying those officers who have all the Right Thoughts, and then “helping” their careers along. General Colin Powell is a case in point. It also helped to have a lock on the military academies, in particular their Sociology Depart-
ments, and steering Just Right cadets to Oxford University for their graduate
consider those with whom we are to be “comfortably merged” enemies; they might get Bad Thoughts. And it is now also forbidden to think Bad Thoughts about the Communist Chinese.
There is now “peace.” The Soviet Union and Communist China are no longer our ideological or physical enemies. They are “emerging peer competitors” according to the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Our Communist “peer competitors” never wished to conquer the United States; they’d have lost their funding and the source of
level Rhodes indoc- Our Communist “peer their technology, trination into the COrOpCtltOrS** nCVCT Now it s up to our miracle of Interna- • i N .	.1	own	nomenklatura	to
tional Socialism. «“*>“*» conquer the teach them how J Once those pesky United Qt3teS)theyd build Communism. anti-Communists, have lost their funding The Soviets and
GenenUs Patton and and the source of their Communist Chinese MacArthur, Admiral	,	«	were	just too impa-
Forrestal, and Major	technology.	tient	and, well,
General Walker	1—messy. International
(among others) were out of the way, it was a simple matter to officially muzzle anti-Communism in the military and convince the career minded that the US military was not nonpolitical after all, it was really apolitical. And a military that is not concerned with politics is, well, just the right prescription for civilian crypto-Communists to control what the military thinks and does. “Wars,” like Korea (Truman’s War), Vietnam (Johnson’s War), and the Persian Gulf (Bush's War) that were deliberately intended by our nomenklatura to be not-won were also great fun and useful vehicles to shake patriotic troublemakers out of the military and retain compliant, career-minded Useful Idiots.
Thus do we watch programs like Partnership For Peace unfold, whereby US soldiers chum it up with “former” Soviet soldiers. I mean, our nomenklatura can’t have our soldiers
Communism isn’t dead. It’s alive and well and thriving at the Central Committee in New York City,, and through America’s Communist International — the US State Department.
Narodnyy Komissariat Yustitsii
ust ask General Peter Schoomaker, commanding gen eral, United States Special Op-ations Command (USSOCOM). General Schoomaker has recently expressed his desire to “build training links” to his Communist Chinese “counterparts” as part of SO COM’s “worldwide outreach” of US special operations forces to what the Joint Chiefs refer to as “peer competitors.” Let’s just stop here for a moment and think about that. “Worldwide
The RESISTER
T
outreach....” Just kind of glides off the tongue, doesn’t it? And it makes you feel good too, which is its expressed purpose. You’re not expected to think about it. Because “outreach” means, “...the fact or extent of an organization’s involvement in the community.” And to which “community” might General Schoomaker be reaching out? Why, none other than the “Global Community.” Global Community, of course, being the perennial objective of International Communism. To ensure “peace,” naturally; which has always meant lack of opposition to communism.
At a 26 July 1998 defense writers breakfast at McDill Air Force Base, General Schoomaker enthused, “This is something that would be desirable” (remember folks, this guy commands all US special operations forces). “You need to engage,” he said, “so you develop rapport and understanding and have another method of dialogue.” He probably just forgot to mention that the People’s Liberation Army is the instrument of Communist Party China and that the PLA considers wrThe Enemy.
Perhaps General Schoomaker can be excused for his enthusiasm at the “need to engage” Communists to “develop rapport.” It’s easy to forget who The E nemy is when you’ve been groomed for senior command because of your apolitical views. And it’s also important to remember that General Schoomaker does not make those sort of decisions unilaterally. In fact, he admitted that “this kind of thing” was already in the planning stages through the offices of CINC Pacific Command, Admiral Joseph Prueher, and CINCSOC PACOM, Brigadier General Norton Schwartz, who are, said General Schoomaker, “already in contact [with the Communist Chinese], you know, at that level.”
Quite so, given that Admiral Prueher gets his direction from Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Hugh Shelton — the enthusiastic Hero of Haiti, whose XVIII Airborne Corps spearheaded the ouster of anti-Communist Raul Cedras in September 1994, and reinstalled at US Army bayonet point Parti Unification Communiste Haitian leader (and darling of our own Communist Congressional Black Caucus) Bertrand Aristide on 15 October. But
only after Hatian middle class anti-Communist opposition had been crushed by the US Army. It helps to have nomenklatura sponsorship for that sort of thing.
General Schoomaker further elaborated; “what we would encourage is low-level contact... that allows us to... develop trust and confidence that then brings in higher and higher level people to the point where you, again, establish the kind of relationship... you can have different kinds of dialogue.”
For you gentle readers who are not schooled in Starred Weaselspeak, in plain English General Schoomaker said^^——« (paraphrasing),
“We’re going to send Special Forces soldiers to Communist China to pave the way for our (already decided upon) ‘comfortable merger’ with the Chinese.”
Just like we did with the Soviets. Do you doubt it? Sweet, happy innocence. The Department of Defense calls Special Forces their “diplomats in uniform.” Just ask Secretary of Defense William Cohen, or better yet, the Minister of Defense of the “former" Soviet Union who is host to about a battalion worth of US Army troops at any given time while they conduct “joint training” with the Soviet Army.
But, don’t worry. According to General Schoomaker “we” are going to start small in Communist China. Like we did in Russia. Our Commander in Chief, during his 25 June - 03 July obeisance to his Communist Chinese campaign financiers, agreed with them that present exchanges be limited to mutual “observers.” Just like we did with Russia.
So, following our nomenklatura inspired “Russia Model,” observers will first be exchanged (which has already happened), then once the ground rules have been agreed upon one or two 1st Special Forces Group (Abn) detachments from Fort Lewis, Washington, will conduct an “icebreaking” Combined Joint Exercise for Training (JCET) with PLA special operations units. Psychological operations (PSYOPS) and civil
eluded. The special forces will concentrate on “peacekeeni »
operations. The PSYOPS folks'^
teach “human rights” and thej0ySof civilian control over an apolitiCa| military (the PLA will smile and nod and not be easily deceived by that) and the CA guys will conduct a Uhu’ manitarian assistance” assessment so the US State Department will know
how many American tax billions to squander on improving the lot of Chinese peasants.
Oh, and don’t forget equipment transfers to modernize our Enemy’s army while they’re being
“professionalized."
— Which calls for more
It’s easy to forget who The Enemy is when you’ve been groomed for senior command because of your apolitical views.
training missions to teach them howto use our latest stuff. Not that the PLA hasn’t been getting our latest stuff already or that this is the Army’s first date
affairs (CA) elements will be in-
■	with	the	Communist
Chinese or anything. It’s that whole annoying “appearance” thing that
keeps getting in the way.
Narodnyy Komissariat Instrannykh Del
L
ike letting two of Army Material Command’s Army Research Laboratory Senior Ex-ecutive Service officials retire — instead of propping them against a brick wall and shooting them. The individuals in question headed nuclear weapons and liquid warhead rocket research at Aberdeen Proving Ground. Nuclear weapon design and effects data used to be collected empirically, and practically, by detonating a device. Devices are now simulated on super-computers. You can’t “download” empirical device design results — it tends to vaporize. You need the device design itself. But you can download device effects simulations from the Crays at Aberdeen, then fly to Hong Kong three times between 1994 and 1995, leave your laptop in your hotel room while you eat dinner at the Red Pepper restaurant, then fly to Australia and exchange the money that miraded itself into your luggage in Hong Kong for precious stones. Until you get caught
smuggling at US Customs in Hawaii.
No matter! The Minisistersvo Gosudarstvennoye Bezopasnosti (FBI) declared that Communist Chinese possession of missing US nuclear weapons effects data entrusted to the care of SES Army scientists, and the precious stones that substituted for said data, was not sufficient evidence to prosecute for treason. In fairness to Comrade Director Freeh, FBI counterintelligence says the officials are still under investigation — which the Army Material Command hotly denies.
Army Chief of Staff, General Dennis Reimer, also thought evidence of the two SES scientists perfidy insufficient — or at least inconclusive— since their retirement in lieu of firing squad was approved by—that’s right — General Reimer. Besides, at that time General Reimer had more important things happening at Aberdeen to occupy his limited attention. Like Negro NCOs hosing White enlisted barracks sluts. I mean, he only knew about the sexual squalidness at Aberdeen three months before the press “broke” the story, and about high treason within days of its discovery. But General Reimer is a busy man. He needs to prioritize his crises.
Particularly since Loral Corporation, through the offices of Ron Brown’s Commerce Department had already begun transferring missile guidance, telemetry, and satellite technology to Communist China so our “most favored” Communist Chinese “trading partners” would have something constructive to do with their several previously acquired (for “peaceful” purposes) Cray super-computers. Crunching purloined nuclear weapons effects, missile guidance, and liquid filled warhead numbers on their brand-new Cray computers was just the hot ticket. You can’t have information like that sitting around collecting dust while your Communist built (American designed) missiles carrying American built (American paid for) payloads keep blowing up on the launch pad. It’s embarrassing to the miracle of collectivism — and embarrassing to America’s nomenklatura.
Worse, far worse, those intractable, defiant anti-Communist Nationalist Chinese on Taiwan might
begin to think they have a right to exist as a (relatively) free and prosperous people, instead of as a “renegade” province of the Communist Chinese ant society.
Inostrannoye Upravleniye
Remember last year, when the socialist Australian “government” dictated that self defense (against the socialist Australian government) was no excuse to own a firearm, and began punishing all law abiding Australian free men because a single criminal shot^^^^^^^^^^ some tourists in Tasmania? And then the US Marines showed up shortly thereafter to conduct a joint training exercise with the Australian Army? And the Aluminum Foil Hat Crowd in America started shrieking about US Marines participating in “weapons confiscation” in Australia?
Concealed beneath the hysteria and snowstorm of Fax Alerts that “we’re next,” the National Security Agency (NSA) began refurbishing and expanding their Signals Intelligence (SIGINT) facility at Pine Bluff, Australia. Pine Bluff is a neat place. From there NSA can eavesdrop on practically every radio transmission (including cell phones) or long distance, and most local, land-line (via microwave) conversation in Asia.
That was also the time frame during which Britian’s socialist “government” handed Hong Kong — Asia’s financial and business hub — over to the Communist Chinese (who promised to play nice just before they forbade political opposition and capital exportation), and closely on the heels of the People’s Liberation Army’s “maneuvers” off the coast ofTaiwan. “Maneuvers" that convinced our nomenklatura that Taiwan’s existence was no longer necessary to maintain the proper level of “tension” in Asia.
You’d like to think that Pine Bluff traffic collection is directed against Communist China so the US can monitor their treaty compliance. It’s not. The bulk of Pine Bluff’s SIGINT traffic collection is gathered from anti-Communist Taiwan. The
reason Pine Bluff required “upgrading” is because Taiwan’s communications infrastructure is (wickedly) far advanced over that of the rest of Asia. Pine Bluff intercepts of Taiwanese traffic are then send forward to NSA for processing into finished intelligence to be spoon fed back to Communist China in “exchange” for, you know, “concessions,” from our “most favored” Democrat Party financiers.
So, what does NSA’s expanded Pine Bluff SIGINT facility, nuclear weapons data and missile technology transfers, and Special Forces deployments to Communist China intended to “pave the way” to happy accord with the People’s Liberation Army so “higher and higher level people” can “establish the kind of relationship” necessary to ensure“peace” in Asia have to do with one another?
Well, “peace” with Communist China will never be secured until Taiwan is no longer a, um, “problem.” American weapons technology transfers to the Communist Chinese aren’t enough. (They weren’t enough for the Soviets either.) Equipment can’t take and hold ground. For that you need infantry. Good infantry. And training good infantry is one of the US Army Special Forces’ specialties. For “peacekeeping,” of course — so our “emerging peer competitors” can protect “human rights.”The bottom line is that our nomenklatura fully intend to see Taiwan “comfortably merged” with Communist China.
Glavnoye Upravleniye Kontrrazvedki
And just to ensure things run smoothly domestically, our nomenklatura and their administration apparatchik object when US weapons abandoned in Vietnam after the conclusion of their Club Project there (and new manufacture Norinco and Poly Tech weapons) are seized by US Customs. It isn’t the weapons shipments they object to, it’s the annoying tendency of US Customs officials to not let them reach their destinations.
...“peace” with Communist China will never be secured until Taiwan is no longer a, um, “problem.”
The RESISTER
I’m not talking about military style arms destined for the civilian market of law abiding American citizens.
Oh, no. Importation of those is now forbidden by executive dictate. Ownership of military firearms encourages honest, hard working citizens to, you know, distrust government. I’m talking about select fire military arms destined for our nomenklatura inspired New Home Guard.
The US Customs and BATF investigation of the May 1996 seizure of 2,000 Chinese select fire AK-47s (including 2,000 suppressors), from the PLA “owned” China Ocean Shipping Company (COSCO) ship Empress Phoenix, in Oakland, California, was deliberately queered by “news tips” to San Francisco media from “top (Clinton appointed) officials” in the Treasury Department.
The smugglers, reading about their operation in local newspapers, escaped back to China. Their street level scuts went to jail.
It soon turned out that those weapons were destined for domestic Ch inese gangs and their Maoist ' “New” Black Panther allies. It got particularly embarrassing for Treasury “top (Clinton appointed) offi- I cials” when their Customs and ATF ' investigators discovered that the leadership of America’s Chinese gangs are all “former” Red Guards.	I
You remember the Red Guards — those bright-eyed, cheerful, singing, Little Red Book waving youthful de-fenders of Communist Faith and Cultural Revolution who slaughtered well over 50 million annoying unbe- I lievers, counterrevolutionaries, and wreckers who studied subversive bourgeois reactionary things like how to get rockets off launching pads and into orbit.
However, during the Cultural Revolution our nomenklatura was having problems building “free markets” and promoting “human rights” in the Soviet Union. China had to wait its turn.
It also helps to have a dumbed-down, feminized, population of compliant serfs who forget to wipe the drool off their chins while they mumble vapid drivel about “democracy” and “tolerance.” After all, armed, White, fiercely independent free men are a menace to the Global Kibbutz.
16
AMERICA’S DEATH
BY 1,000 CUTS
by
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY:
Look at the bright side. When the Leader of the Free World is getting a blow-job, he isn’t doing something worse.
given one last chance. Would she swear never to say such an awful thing again? No? That’s it, out the door! Otherwise the ACLU Catacombs Gestapo will slime us with a lawsuit.
A DeMented Lord High Judge
Some 500 local people were ordered to attend a day of lectures on how judges have disposed of the First and Tenth Amendments. Should there be reluctance to attend the brainwash, a letter was sent warning that “a person who chooses not to abide by the court’s orders could soon hear the knock of federal marshals on his or her front door with a free ride to a very unpleasant place.”
A “volunteer lawyer working with the ACLU” finds us “civically [sic] illiterate” if we “refuse to believe [!] in the judicial branch of government.” Liberals are intolerant of rival religions.
“You Can’t Do That!”
THE MEEK SHALL INHERIT THE GULAG
Downward, Christian Weenies,
Downward, on your knees.
Begging for forgiveness,
From those you cannot please...
Inspiring song, isn’t it? The Catacombs Gestapo, the American Civil Liberties Union, has eyes everywhere. Ignorance of theirversion of what your Constitution means is no excuse. Either ignorance or defiance will cost you dearly. Costing you dearly is what liberal lawyers do.
We are told that an “anonymous plaintiff” felt “uncomfortable" about the simple fish symbol spied on a sign in Republic, Missouri. The same symbol decorated the walls of the Catacombs of Rome when Christianity was also suppressed.
On another front, “grievance counselors” replace ministers and priests in the public school “Dewey Camps.” If a little girl asks the teacher whether her dead classmate is in Heaven, and the teacher says yes... the teacher finds instant unemployment. The New York teacher was
Tlhe First amendment is simple. l“Congress shall make no law I respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof....” The Tenth amendment is also quite clear. “The powers not delegated! to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.”
Can those words be inverted in meaning? That’s a parlor game forjudges and lawyers. The Catacombs Gestapo directed the gimlet eye of federal judge Ira DeMent toward a copy of the Ten Commandments on an Alabama courtroom wall. Aghast, he declares it unconstitutional. Again guided by the ACLU, he declares unconstitutional a state law guaranteeing children a right to “student-initiated voluntary prayer.”
“Infuriated students by the hundreds,” the Washington Times reported, “walked out of classes [after DeMent] handed down a 20-page injunction [and 62 pages of findings] forbidding certain religious practices.” DeMent then assigned a monitor to watch for “suspicious religious activity.” Still sensing resistance, DeMent and the Catacombs Gestapo set up a court-ordered brainwash.
A “sports franchise should be free to target specific groups in its marketing,” says a Hagerstown, MD, pastor. The local ball team, a private group, offers discounts to students, to “coupon-clippers” — and to those who attended religious services, as attested to by bringing a church or synagogue bulletin.
Not if Carl Silverman and the ACLU disagree. Silverman is an atheist. When his daughter reported that Bibles were circulating at school, he went ballistic, demanding that every Bible be accompanied by his own choice of kiddie-level reading-matter, the Freedom from Religion Foundation publication entitled “God is Just Pretend.”
Dwight Sullivan, managing attorney for the Maryland ACLU, supports the religion-free Silverman on the quaint grounds that “It’s wrong to discriminate against someone on the basis of their religious beliefs.” Just the usual people doing their usual thing — dictating to everyone else.
THEN, THERE’S
A “volunteer lawyer working with the ACLU” finds us “civically [sic] illiterate” if we “refuse to believe [!] in the judicial branch of government.” Liberals are intolerant of rival religions.
THE MATTER OF THOSE “o” THINGS IN THE TALMUD
Sill Milking the Holocaust
News item:“Norway became the first nation occupied by the Nazis to launch a plan to pay compensation to Jews for the Holocaust.The cabinet drew praise from Jewish groups for approving a draft law setting aside a total of S58 million for Jewish survivors ofNazi death camps, their descendants, and Jewish groups. The World Jewish Congress praised the Norwegian move as a model for other nations. Germany has long paid compensation, but nations under Nazi rule have sidestepped blame for the Holocaust.” Norway, in 1940, had not more than 1,400 Jews. Let us assume that an ancient Jew claiming to be both Norwegian and a “Holocaust survivor” might be found. Does the he or she get the $58 million? Or do ten people divide the $58 million? Or do the “Jewish groups” conducting the extortion program get the $58 million? Give it your best guess.
The year 1998 has seen the well-publicized raid on Switzerland, continual demands for groveling by the Vatican, and recently the Austrians, Dutch, Swedes, and Spaniards, besides the Norwegians, have been subjected to extortionate demands on ridiculously flimsy grounds.
A recent conference at the Holocaust Museum in Washington kicked off “a drive to identify art stolen from Holocaust victims and to compensate their heirs." Undersecretary of State Stuart Eizenstat, another one high on the American taxpayers* payroll who simply works for his tribe, mentioned “a risk of anti-Semitism” as people become annoyed at this racket.
Looking for a positive spin, Eizenstat suggested that submitting to extortion “can be a healing process." The theory does not apply to Palestinians dispossessed by Israel.
A lawyer is seeking “compensatory and punitive damages” from a Swiss
bank which “accepted Nazi deposits” more than half a century ago. The bank, “during World War II was headed by individuals who had very close ties to Nazi Germany and who... enabled Nazi Germany to obtain assets that permitted them to prolong World War II.” An interesting legal theory. Can we use it on the largest American banks?They spent the past half-century “enabling Communist Russia to obtain assets that permitted them to prolong! the Cold War.”
Milking a later guilt-trip, we find Germany*s gift to Israel of two submarines capable of launching nuclear-tipped missiles. Israel is said to be “buying” the third one — probably out of its next multi-billion-1 dollar check from abroad. Germany is donating these two 1700-ton subs because, naughty-naughty, “German companies supplied materials for Iraq’s chemical and other conventional weapons programs.”
Down with Christmas!
Mister “Ganulin is Jewish,"!
it says toward the end of the news item. Richard Ganulin, a lawyer in the employ of the city of Cincinnati, has filed suit in federal court “as an individual, not as a representative of the city” which pays him.
He believes that having Christmas as a national holiday is “an exces-
W
sive entanglement between our government and religious beliefs,” and therefore unconstitutional.
No word yet of the breathless ar-rival of ACLU reinforcements. Ganulin is his own plaintiff just now, but he is obviously a willing plaintiff for the ACLU’s campaign to de-Christianize the nation.
“In my view, this sanctifies Christmas by restoring it to the belief and practice that is a matter of individual conscience without the power of the state behind it,” babbles Ganulin, hoping you will believe that he is doing this in order to sanctify Christmas.
“Israel wants money, not peace.”
This was the title of an article in the Washington Times bv Bassam Abu Sharif, “a senior PLO official,” but drawing upon both Israeli and European sources to break through our own media censorship.
“Bibi” Netanyahu, the Chutzpah King of Chutzpah-land, has taken
accurate measure of American subservience. He has boldly requested, on top of the regular three billion, an additional billion Yankee-dol-lars to provide “security for Jewish settlements" in areas supposedly to be transferred to the Palestinian Authority. A steep price for policing? Not exactly. More like compensation for the possibility of losing lucrative rackets.
The “Paris peace accords" gave the Israelis complete control over every bit of imported goods used by Palestinians. (This is one reason why Pales-tinians are allowed to have no port and no airport.) “The licenses [to import] have all been granted to former high ranking officials of the Israeli government. They... distribute everything from toothbrushes to cement in the Palestinian territories.... The Palestinian population has no recourse but to buy the goods offered at the price demanded.
A further racket labels as “made in Israel” items made in Palestine by Is-
W
raeli-controlled entities using cheap Palestinian labor. The European Union apparatchiks have noticed in this a violation of trade rules. Netanyahu shifts to the victim whine, calling this “a return to the boycott of Jewish goods of a half a cen-tury ago.”There is plenty more detail — and who would bet that Yasir Arafat would not run his own version of monopoly exploitation?They’re all hardwired the same way. What we see, though, is that the Israelis consider this particular constellation of rackets to be worth about a billion dollars. If they can’t get it the old way, there’s always Uncle Sap.
Looking for a positive spin, Eizenstat suggested that submitting to extortion “can be a healing process.” The theory does not apply to Palestinians dispossessed by Israel.
18
Vol. IV, No. 4
More Money, More Influence
It’s a much bigger market, that’s why some Israeli Jews come to America to sell Jewish religious artifacts in Christian bookstores. In Israel, it may be illegal to try to convert a Jew to Christianity, but the Washington Times on August 7 showed a Christian minister “of Jewish ancestry” having it both ways; bedecked in a Jewish prayer shawl, he is conducting “a Passover Seder that becomes a Holy Communion service.” There remain quite different reactions — some Jews are outraged. But others can see religious, or somewhat more earthy reasons for blending and melding Judaism with Christianity. “Jesus has been reclaimed as one of our best rabbis, says Barry Rubin, a Messianicjew, meaning one who accepts Jesus, presumably as Christ.
There is political icing on the cake. Richard Honorof, a Russian Jew who has come to this Land of Opportunity, says, “Christians... know that the God of Israel is going to set up his kingdom in Jerusalem, and that for those that are true Christians, they are going to lay down their lives to help the Jews, whether the Jews believe in Jesus or not.” [Emphases added.]
[Editor’s note: I will “lay down” nothing.The word Honorof was groping for is “cannon-fodder;” or should I say, cannon-goyem? Have so-called Christians become so feeble-minded, swallowed stupidly so many obscene heresies, that they dully accept without the merest stirring of intellect the apostatical euphemism for anti-Christianity, “Judeo-Christian?”]
The Demise of “Seinfeld”
Entertainer Jerry Seinfeld has given up his highly successful sitcom, and that has occasioned some curious angst in the Washington Jewish community.
To those unfamiliar with the program, it was about Jewish people in New York (and Florida). The occasional goy was thrown in as an unsatisfactory date. Don’t take offense,
everybody’s dates were unsatisfactory.
I watched reruns and found the program amusing and quite true-to-life, but then, I once had a full immersion in New York Jewish ——______
culture.
The amazing thing was the nitpicking nature of feeble-minded... that
Of course, none call themselves Communists any more. Nowadays they are described as capitalists, financiers, tycoons, magnates, barons — anything but what
tt	11	j	pl • they are. They are
Have so-called Chris- wor{d.class swinrdlers tians become so
and plunderers of the nation, and thus
Jewishkvetchesabout they dully accept... the qualified to be the program. A rabbi J . ■/1 L . counted among the character was de- «*pOStatlCal euphemism global elite. Through
For anti-Christianity,
“T.i/ipA.riir;ct;an>*
picted as something less than an intellectual giant among^^^^^^^^B men. Anti-Semitic!
Seinfeld “made out” with his girlfriend during the film “Schindler’s List.” Anti-Semitic! Portrayals of life among retired Jews in Florida were a bit too close to the bone for some. These people were not deliberately identified as Jews. Ah, but you could tell! Anti-Semitic!
So even ifyou’re Jewish, they’ll still come at you.
The Carrion-Feeders Rule!
The “short man was Boris Berezovsky, a wealthy financier, relentless wheeler-dealer and vigorous exponent of the might of Russia’s brash new capitalists,” quoth the Washington Post on August 28. Berezovsky was escorting his minion, the once-and-future prime minister of Russia, into the office of Boris Yeltsin, the sometimes-sober President of Russia. Berezovsky and his associates financed Yeltsin’s “election.”
“After the election,” the Post continued, “the tycoons met and decided to insert one of their own into the government. They chose [Vladimir] Potanin, who became deputy prime minister. One reason they chose Potanin was that he is not Jewish, and most of the rest of them are, and feared a backlash against Jewish bank-ers.
This tiny gang created “banks” of their very own, receiving multi-bil-lion-dollar infusions of real money from the West, sending it out again to their own accounts, and printing funny-money rubles for the public. They seem to expect this arrangement to continue indefinitely.
Judeo-Christian:
global elite. Through political favor, they were allowed to scoop up “privatized” resources and industries, now boasting that they control half of the Russian economy, such as
it is.
Did No One Dime?
Else Lose a
C
an any but Jews try to roll back World War II? The Wall Street Journal, on August 31, reported that former residents of Danzig, a 90% German city which was handed to Poland after the war, to reclaim what is now called Gdansk. This is considered a huge joke, of course.
In the wake of World War II, the boundaries of Poland were simply lifted off the map, moved west, and dropped again in entirely new locations. The object of the exercise was to expand westward the borders of the Soviet Union by engulfing about a third of prewar Poland. In compensation, a Communist-ruled Poland was given a large chunk of eastern Germany (that is, east of what then became East Germany). Old folks who couldn’t move fast enough died by the roadside; basically, the German population of what had been part of Germany was driven out or killed off. But we don’t talk about that.
THE
GORESTAPO
Science and the Party Line
T
he latest party line is that carbon dioxide is a “pollutant”! The most modest level of sci-
The RESISTER
cnce education makes it dear that carbon dioxide is as essential to plants and oxygen is to animals. The very low level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere (360 ppm) means that plants are starving for it. More carbon dioxide would not harm us, but would greatly help plants.
In Stalin’s day, scientists disagreeing with Stalin’s botanical theories found themselves sawing wood in a Siberian slave-camp until they died.
We don’t go that far. Here at home, Dr. Sherwood Idso, a botanist who testified about how well his plants did with two or three times as much carbon dioxide, was bracketed outside the Congressional hearing room by the proverbial men in dark suits.
They first threatened his pension rights, then observed that upeople disappear every day." Dr. Kieth Idso, his son, was denied a job for which he was eminently qualified when The Authorities at Columbia University recognized his name. He is not sawing wood in Alaska. But he is teaching fifth grade on an Indian reservation.
Hypocrisy, Thy Name is Babbitt!
As British Petroleum and Atlantic Richfield stand by, having thoughtfully pre-positioned themselves, Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt “is expected to open environmentally sensitive tracts of the Alaskan national oil reserve to oil and gas leasing." When first created 75 years ago, it was known as Naval Petroleum Reserve Number 4, or “Pet 4." Now a 23 million acre trace occupying most of the western half of the North Slope, it has always been out there, tempting, tempting... And now, for Clinton and Babbitt, it's PayofTTime.
The caribou and their predators, wolves and grizzlies, and the birds... how can they survive oil production? And the area is “only 150 miles west of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge!" Howls of dismay from foot-soldier-level true believers are muted by the higher understanding of the environmental organization men guided by the Daddy Oilbucks clan.
Degenerate Celebrities
The dragon-lady, Yoko Ono, and fellow celeb David Bowie are among the throng of Beautiful People expected to attend an exhibition of“animal art" in Austria. They and 2000 others wall pay 1500 each to view this I event. Hermann Nitsch, pioneer of “animal art," has found things tough on the cutting edge, but “after [other] artists made work with dead animals more acceptable,” he received a British Arts Council grant.
Art-lovers may watch as “three bulls and six pigs [are] killed, crucified, and disemboweled. As many as 100 art students under [Nitsch’s] direction will paint with animal blood and press grapes mixed with entrails.”
“All the animals will be eaten afterwards by the spectators," quoth Nitsch.
[Editor’s note: I have a better idea. Crucify, then disembowel alive, Nitsch and his $500 per head 2,000 Beautiful People throng, and the British Arts Council — you know, so they can collectively savor the creativity of the moment. The pigs would do a thorough cleanup, feasting on crushed-while-alive grape-flavored entrails.]
On tbe Other Hand...
Fans of “animal art" may, at the very same time, object to bull fighting and fox-hunting. Beautiful People are never hung up on logic. At the next gathering, they may even pose as “vegans," the politi-cally-correct term for vegetarians. Weaning Americans from high-quality protein and clearing both livestock and ranchers off the land is another aspect of the ruling-class pogrom. Cranks can be taken seriously by claiming that milk is toxic and poisonous.
We “learn" from People for the
Ethical Treatment of Animals that Christ did not actually recommend
loaves and fishes, but only loaves-fishes were added by vicious, primitive devourers of fish. The folks at PETA fail to realize that vegetarianism can do for edible livestock what the tractor did for the horse population — decimate it. Horse-racing essentially saved the breed. Cattle and pig racing is unlikely to catch on.
And don’t you realize that it is demeaning to refer to a dog, cat, parakeet, iguana or what have you as a “pet"?These creatures deserve their dignity! “Companion animal” is the politically-correct term. Use it!
Can People for the Ethical Treatment of Plants be far behind? You ask, what would be left to eat? Certain “fast foods” already seem to represent a venture into edible plastic. Surely something could be synthesized from petroleum refinery residue.
Your editor and publisher is a Basic Guy. Musing over his outdoor grill, I once overheard him reinvent language. He said, “Fire. Meat. Man. Good. Some tofu-eating weenie attempting to reproach him for his primitive sentiments would fold under a hard stare from a Basic Guy.
UH... MY BRAIN HURTS
Slow Learners
It has recently dawned upon columnist George Will that “hate crimes” laws mean we have a system of Thought Police. The revelation that a third of the latest crop of Massachusetts public school teachers have trouble reading at the eighth-grade level drew cries of “tes’es don’ mean nut’un”’ from the teacher’s union.
Besides, they said, public school teachers are always being tested. But at what level? Decent standards mean
The revelation that a third of the latest crop of Massachusetts public school teachers have trouble reading at the eighth-grade level drew cries of “tes’es don’ mean nut’un’” from the teacher’s union.
“disparate impact” — meaning more “minorities” than whites will foil.
Someone in the administration of the City University of New York, an institution devoted to baby sitting adolescents and the unemployable, has actually said, “College should be for college work. Otherwise we just devalue a college diploma.” Next paragraph, “About one-half the minority students now enrolled would not have been admitted,” had the City University maintained any kind of academic standards. But to impose them “is wrong, immoral, and may be illegal,” said Juan Figueroa of the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund.
An Ivy League Slow Learner
Professor John Lewis Gaddis, lavished with credentials, has a recent book on the Cold War entitled We Now Know. To be absolutely certain of “correctness,” Gaddis had his work vetted by dozens of members of the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City.
Gaddis couldn’t imagine why the Germans didn’t like Stalin and his regime.
Such a puzzle! Stalin “sought... a communist regime in the east that would attract Germans in the west... Why did the Germans... fear the Russians?” A glimmer appears — fifty years late.
“What we had not known until recently [!] is how pervasive the problem of rape was: Red Army soldiers may have assaulted as many as two million German women in 1945-46....The incidence of rape and other forms of brutality... played a major role” in disenchanting the Germans. [Emphasis added.] “There were few efforts for many months to stop this behavior, or to discipline those who indulged in it.”
It was policy, fool! But, preferring to believe otherwise, Gaddis concludes that, through an unfortunate inattention discipline, Stalin lost the chance to charm the Germans into his embrace. His final comment is really off-the-wall. “The rapes dramatized the difference between Soviet authoritarianism and American democracy.”
CUNY as a Sick Joke
They have been called the Monster Twins, CUNY and SUNY, the City University of New York and the State Univer-I sity of New York. They have campuses everywhere, with huge total enrollments, and they sponge up enormous quantities of tax money. Their “products,” however, leave ever more to be desired.
CUNY is the worst^ehave^fohd Twins. Once upon a time, CUNY consisted of four four-year colleges — City (a.k.a. CCNY),|
Brooklyn, Queens, and Hunter.l During the first two-thirds of this century, their heavy Communist infestation was not seen as a problem, but the laughable “academic standards" of the latter third of the century are bringing disrepute.
“Open admissions” meant that any product of any New York City high school was deemed qualified for the City University. What with meaningless “attendance certificates” handed out by more and more schools, CUNY was swamped with applications from manifestly unqualified students.
What to do? Create a swarm of junior colleges to divert the unqualified. They could loiter on those campuses as long as they pleased without clogging the four-year colleges. Thus were born places like Hostos Community College to attract the Puerto Ricans, and Medgar Evers Community College to attract the blacks — leaving the real colleges to the smart Jews, as before.
That worked for a few years, but the rot was not long in spreading. Junior-college holding-pen graduates insisted upon admission to the next level, and soon the four-year colleges acquired the ambiance of poorly-run penitentiaries where the staff, not the inmates, have to be locked in. City College featured filthy windows, cockroaches everywhere, and courses in remedial everything, when last your correspondent looked in twenty years ago.
CCNY remained Red, of course. Twenty years ago, posters supporting the National Front for the Libera-
tion of Dhofar decorate the public spaces. As a professor of geography, I was chagrined to realize that I didn’t know where Dhofar was. (It’s the back end of Oman, and the Peoples Republic of South Yemen was trying to grab it.) If I didn’t know where Dhofar was, I doubted that the denizens of that campus did either. They were simply following campus tradition — the Communist party line.
City College has since further distinguished itself by providing a big title, salary, and perks to a professor who claims that black Africans knew everything ages ago, but this knowledge was then stolen by evil Ice People who have been lying about it ever since. Or one might say that black Africans have already forgotten more than you and I will ever know. Put that way, it’s almost plausible.
Which brings us to the present day. New York’s Mayor Rudolph Guiliani, while still a politician, has made more of a dent in the city’s filth and crime than might have been thought possible. He is now addressing the ignorance problem at CUNY. He would like to institute “standards” for both admission and graduation! A great howling has arisen.
With “standards,” sixty percent of City Colleges freshmen class would not have been admitted — and of course this would “impact disproportionately on blacks and Hispanics,” we learn to a chorus of sobs. We note that in 1995 (“the last year for which figures were available,” since they count slowly there), Medgar Evers graduated no one in less than six years. Other city “colleges” catering to Hispanics graduate people who can’t speak English, but employers are supposed to hire them anyway because they have been certificates, diplomas, and degrees.
" YEAR 2 KLINTON?
Toward a Third World Census
Census 2000 could be a classic. President Clinton and the Democrats want a ten per-
It was policy, fool!
The RESISTER
cent fudge-factor to play with. That could give them 27 million “estimated’' people to spread around in some politically advantageous manner. Lay this on top of a possible y2k computer flameout. Politics, incompetence, and hand-cranked grade-school arithmetic could produce a real Third World operation.
In the aftermath of both the 1980 and 1990 censuses, there was gnashing of teeth and rending of garments by big-city mayors for whom every real or “estimated” vagrant, illegal, criminal, and person mistrustful of The Man represented fewer big federal bucks flowing into his own treasury. Give us your illegals, your fugitives, your criminals, your welfare people, your unwed mothers and unregistered children, especially if they are non-white. They are worth a fortune in taxpayer bounty! Without this sort of padding, population decline due to fleeing taxpayers could not be covered.
In the 2000 census, there is a frank intent to undercount whites! “The unconscionable part about using statistical methods is that real people who fill out census questionnaires will necessarily be subtracted from the census to round out the calculations,” says J. Kenneth Blackwell, one of the I eight members of the U.S. Census Monitoring Board. (This has been hotly denied by others.) Blackwell says “four million people were missed” in 1990. While some were doubtless white, “of much greater concern is the [alleged] fact that the 1990 census missed a much larger proportion of minorities than whites.”
What to do about it? “Recognizing their potential benefits to improve counts of minority populations, the 1990 census added about 1.3 million people to the rolls using parole and probation records,” and “in 1996, Medicaid had records on 18.3 million people aged 20 and under. Many... are low-income minorities in dense urban areas.... Statistical inference can be used to fill in the blanks of missing information — about race, age, or gender....”
Pity researchers looking for actual records of actual people! If the Clinton team can help it, one in ten “Americans” will be a statistical inference, artfully planted to enhance revenue here, redistrict Congress
there, and convince the honkies that! their day is over.
Even under an honest count, there might be a 19-seat shift in Congressional representation among the 50 states. When Congressional districts within the states and the state legislatures themselves are redistricted according to the ^
2000 census results, it will be “feeding time at the zoo.” After 1990, you may recall,
preme Court ruled that companies could be sued if some female came out of the woodwork and charged that a supervisor had sexually harassed some years back.
Another band of lawyers predict that the y2k problem could produce
litigation
bills” of up to
$3,600,000,000,000.
That’s $3.6 trillion. This stupendous figure is said to be equal to “forty percent of all
When Congressional districts within the states and the state
we saw creatively ger- legislatures themselves th* good* »"<!»«-rymandered sate ©	,.	.	j	vices	produced	in	the
seats for minorities.” are reOlStriCted ac- United States in a
cording to the 2000 census results, it will be “feeding time at the
Next time around, up to 26 House seats could be shifted in this dead-serious
zero-sum game.
The Founding —.——■ Fathers specified, in the U.S. Constitution, an “actual count” of the population as the basis for determining representation in the House of Representatives. Accept nothing less!
...and That’s Assuming We Have a Year 2000 Election
zoo.
F
ancy a y2k mess of some considerable proportion. Then [fancy Bill and Hillary seeing in it their big chance to remain in power. Now that they have the hang of Executive Orders, they can rule by decree. Congress has gone along with the gag because members don’t want to have some kind of stand-up vote on compliance with the unratified Kyoto “treaty,” or imposing the dictatorial content of so many Executive Orders. Still, when E.O. 13083 utterly wipes out the Tenth Amendment, they become a tad restive.
w
Would Congress resist if Bill and Hillary were to decree that, in view of an emergency situation, it is impossible to conduct elections in November of2000? Heck, they could all stay in office, too. Incumbent heaven!
Bonanza Time!
N
obody makes out like the plaintiffs' bar. There was “dancing in the aisles” at a lawyers' convention when the Su-
year,” is also said to be “ten times the country’s annual litigation bill."This tells us that lawyers al-
j
ready extract S360 billion a year, or four percent of gross national product. The proposed “tobacco settlement would have extracted a half-trillion dollars from smokers over 25 years, paying some of the lawyers as much as $4,000 per hour. Obstruction and extortion are great rackets!
Nobody makes out like the plaintiffs’ bar. There was “dancing in the aisles” at a lawyers’ convention when the Supreme Court ruled that companies could be sued if some female came out of the woodwork and charged that a supervisor had sexually harassed some years back.
DIVERSITY IS GOOD FOR AMERICA
The Brawley Non-Case
I
n
a sane society, the baseless accusations of a moronic young slut would be disposed of within a day, or at most a week, without fanfare beyond the village level. Instead, we have the Tawana Brawley case. The ingredients are a trio of race-hustlers, a mass media avid for precisely the slop Tawana and the race-hustlers were serving up, politicians eager to show how sensitive and concerned they are about racial issues, and a judicial sys-
22
Vol. IV, No. 4
tern which runs along on the assumption that time and money are of absolutely no concern.
Tawana “told a storv” about hav-
J
ing been defiled by white men. For ten years, she has refused to repeat it under oath. There is no evidence against anyone. No case, period. That’s in a sane society. But in our society, a professor of law can say, “even if she did it to herself, she was the victim of a crime,” and remain employed. This is called critical race theory.
Tawana s Tale became the basis of an entire industry. The Reverend A1 Sharpton and two disreputable black lawyers trumpeted the accusations against blameless individuals; they were taken seriously by the mass media and did for well themselves by telling the credulous (black and white) what they longed to hear.
It required a seven month grand jury investigation to confirm that there was no case. It required ten years and an eight month trial for the most stubborn of the falsely accused whites to win his defamation case against that trio of demagogues, and it will be a miracle if he collects a dime from them. Tawana, of course, is home free. Such is the state of American justice. If you have the time, read Tom Wolfe’s Bonfire of the Vanities all the way through to the end.
Back-Tracking on Needle-Tracks
The fix was supposed to be in. Donna Shalala and David Satcher, two of Hillary’s cabinet picks, felt certain Bill would go along with their recommendation that the nation’s taxpayers buy “clean needles” for intravenous drug addicts. “Science proves” this is a good idea! But Clinton’s keen political antennae apparently caused him to overrule the phony “science.”
Supporters of the needle program went ballistic and said a few things they may regret at leisure. Congressional Black Caucus members blurted that blacks would have derived the greatest benefit from a federally-funded needles-for-addicts program. One of them said of “drug czar” Barry McCaffrey, “We have found who the skunk is in the crowd. He’s made him-
self a new set of enemies... We do not intend to let AIDS become a black disease.” But black and gay...?
People who can afford drugs can also afford Clorox. Of course, some of them might be so addled as to mainline the Clorox. That would be terrible.
Another Answer to AIDS
weisi Mfume of the NAACP sees “street protest” as the ■proper response to the AIDS situation among blacks. Do you realize that AIDS is the leading cause of death among blacks I aged 25 to 44, and that 85 percent of children with AIDS are black or Hispanic? Do you realize that the Centers for Disease Control report that blacks ac-count for nearly two-thirds ofHI V infection among youths 13 to 24? This means | that the black rate of infection is far,I far above that of other racial or ethnic groups. “Federal health agencies have not devoted enough resources to community-based AIDS prevention programs.”
Hire more addicts and queers for show-and-tell? .
Crisis in Welfareland
Tl he New York Times published I figures on the welfare situa-Ition in 13 high-welfare states and New York City itself— significantly omitting the District of Columbia. “Advocates and scholars have taken pains to note that there were more white families on welfare than black,” lest anyone think in “stereotypes.” But 17 months ago (the latest figures), “whites accounted for just 35% of [welfare] rolls, though they are 73% of the population. Blacks accounted for 37%, although they are just 13% of the population, and His-panics accounted for 22%, although they are 11% of the population.” (No word on the leftover 6% of welfare recipients who are 3% of the population.) Our pampered “minorities” ac-
count for about a quarter of the population and about two-thirds of the welfare burden. “This could revive negative stereotypes.”
Carl Rowan’s Picks
Does anybody remember Carl Rowan? He was a opinion-I monger who used to get big jobs in Washington. He was last seen [filling the “black” quota on some Washington talking-heads program. He’s also the famous enthusiast of gun-control who shot a white teenager with his illegal pistol. Aside from ■ momentary embarrassment, nothing happened to him as a result.
The Washington \Post still prints Rowan’s crayon scrawls, and he judges applicants for Project Excellence. And “what I am about to tell you is evidence that it is almost criminal for the state universities of California to reject hundreds of extremely qualified black and Hispanic applicants on the grounds that someone of some other race had a higher SAT score.”
Rowan is in a position to participate in handing out scholarships “valued up to $130,000.” He is happy to report that race isn’t a problem, since Project Excellence doesn’t even look at anyone who isn’t black. Rowan saw four applicants who had SAT scores above 1400, which is very good, but turned thumbs down. (Maybe they were “acting white” by scoring well.) “The student [we] cited as the most impressive and the most deserving of a choice scholarship was a young woman with a SAT score of 1150 — a mediocre 570 verbal and 580 math.” Rowan learned long ago that, as a certified black pontificator, he is not obliged to make sense. He offered not a single clue as to what was great about his winner, or what turned him off on the others. He merely rants that “under the system imposed upon the University of California at Berkeley by Proposition 209, [our] top-ranked young woman would have been denied admission, but the young man
Our pampered “minorities” account for about a quarter of the population and about two-thirds of the welfare burden. “This could revive negative stereotypes.”
[with the 1400 SAT score] who ranked a losing 112nd would probably have been admitted.
The Gay Apple
New Yorks 29th Annual Gay and Lesbian Pride March was “a sometimes raucous and outlandish procession.” (You can’t say “freak show.”) But every street party has its crashers. New York’s Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, who is usually fairly sane, donned his Shameless Politician hat and invited himself to the parade, but the queers threw him out.
“Mr. Giuliani defended his record, citing passage by the City Council of a domestic partnership law as evidence of his commitment to homosexual issues.” Not good enough. “Protesters blame the Giuliani administration for an increase in antihomosexual violence, inadequate AIDS education in the city's public schools, and the shutdown of adult businesses.” Translation: Trying not to repel tourists with blatant porn and leather shops, and/or, perhaps, a resurgence ofthc bathhouses where you go to get AIDS. Inadequate AIDS education means not hiring enough queers to gross out the school kids with lurid talcs of how to get AIDS.
Creepy People
The South Carolina legislature had failed to pass the desired “hate-crimes" law. What was needed was an atrocity story which would cast gays and the ACLU as the good-guys and lead to denunciation of “religious bigotry." Done, and done! It the lesbian masochist hadn’t been so cheapo it might have worked, too. She even bought the paint and helped to slather on her own house, “Jesus weren’t born for you, faggot," before submitting to a beating. But then she stiffed the beater— he complained that she had promised $350 but only gave him $50. The ACLU wants the police to find a religious bigot somewhere, while the Gay and Lesbian Pride Movement fears that this could “give opponents of homosexual rights more fuel for their fire."
The RESISTER
SPEAKING OF GULAGS...
Fungible Slots and Evolving Positions
America’s U.N. Ambassador Bill “Tangle-tongue” Richardson may not get his payoff as Secretary of Energy after all. Poor fellow, just trying to do a favor for his Liar-in-Chief, he failed to get his story down pat and ensure that his staff had itl straight. “The Monica slot” at the United Nations, is a now-and-then, not-here-but-there position.
A highly-paid, well-perked and tax-exempt	Paul
Aronsohn was whisked out of New York to a theo-1 rctically lower-paying job in Washington to produce a “political” and therefore noncompetitive position for Monica Lewinsky. She also had another job offer from Revlon, arranged by Vernon Jordan, and rejected both. (In accordance with her actual job skills, as distinct from her other skills, offers of $30,000 to $40,000 were stupendous. Monica couldn’t even crank out routine birthday cards to Congressmen without making a botch ofit.)
Paul Aronsohn, weeping all the way to the bank, is “a little bit down because he feels like everyone per-I ceives him as the guy who got the job Monica turned down.”
I Pilots Bailing Out
Columnist Paul Craig Roberts, who is good at “telling it like it is,” called to our attention in April the sad state of military aviation. “Five years ago, six out of ten Air Force pilots took the $60,000 bonus [for signing on for another five years]. Today, not even three out of ten will stay for twice the bonus.... [AJmong Navy carrier pilots.... only ten percent of the Navy’s top flyers have accepted bonuses to stay.”
Roberts knows why. Navya]j7> Force pilots are simply disgust .r the political-correctness and hiT level toadying to feminism which n saturates the military culture. T? services know that too, but they CCfC tainly won’t admit it officially. “1^ of confidence in leadership” was th reason cited by half of all Navy piiots getting out. One of them stated “The current leaders... arc now reaping the rewards of their politically centered shortsightedness."
For Navy pilots, first there was Tailhook, in which college-boys-on-break shenanigans involving largely
willing female participants turned into a grim witch-hunt run by Representative Patricia Schroeder. As if the admirals hadn't groveled enough and served up enough human sacrifices, they had to play “the girls can do this, too. Make it happen. Now!”
Live on video, Lt. Karen Hultgreen was all over the place on her final stab at a carrier landing; luckily, her back-seater knew when to punch out. Carrier landings are beyond most men’s abilities, too. The Navy brass toed the line and lied about the cause of the crash, lied again when the truth was revealed, and punished the truth-teller. All Navy pilots were aware of the entire tawdry saga. Another affirmative-action lady fighter jock was put to less demanding work before she could do the damage she was clearly capable of doing to herself, other people, and to the carrier itself. But the continuous Soviet-style toadying of the brass showed what’s required for “leadership positions" these days.
Add to this that men don’t dare criticize these “fellow" fighter jocks, lest they burst into tears and complain to their civilian support organizations. They don’t dare speak to them as men to women lest they be charged with sexual harassment. So they leave them alone, and of course the girls complain about that. 1 wouldn't like to be in the situation of either the men or the women, but that’s social engineering for you.
Navy and Air Force pilots are simply disgusted with the political-correctness and high-level toadying to feminism...
24
Vol. IV, No. 4
Janet Reno’s Kiddie-Snitch Site
The Department of Justice has a Kid’s Page on its web site, apparently on the theory that you can’t start training snitches too early. The message is aimed at kindergarten to fifth-grade kids — in other words, the target audience is about five to ten years old.
“Kids like you have to deal with the prejudice of family members. When someone makes jokes about people... it’s both a hurtful and hateful act. If this happens in your home, you might try talking to your parents, teacher, religious leader, counselor, or some other adult with whom you feel comfortable.” Basically, children, you must learn to turn in your parents.
Even Nat Hentoff, parading as “a Jewish child in antisemitic Boston,” wonders aloud whether it’s smart to turn little kids into the Giant Lady’s Junior Thought Police.
A Quickie Review
A bit late in the publishing cycle, I received my copy of The Federal Siege at Ruby Ridge, by Randy and Sara Weaver. It is, of course, privately printed — the Establishment’s “big media” are certainly not inclined to trumpet the details of that atrocity. The imprint says “Ruby Ridge, Inc., Marion, Montana 59925.’^The price is $21.95 postpaid.
Privately printed books are often sorry little productions. I am very pleased to report that the Weaver book is not. It is well put-together, literate throughout, and well worth reading. A portion of it provides the horrific details of living under siege by a federal army. “Pick up the phone, talk to us,” the feds wheedled after sending a robot bearing a telephone toward the house. “Or send out one of the children to pickup the phone.” Luckily, the survivors weren’t buying it; “Bo” Gritz discovered that the robot was cunningly fitted with a shotgun pointed at the phone. Send out one of your kids, indeed!
The second half of the book is as solid a summary as you are likely to find of government crimes in this af-
fair, drawn from court records, Congressional hearings, and the few official reports which have been extracted from the mass of corrupt agencies involved. There is also a worthwhile summary of the lies spoon-fed by the government to its allies in the mass media.
The government’s cast of creeps was much the same at Waco as at Ruby Ridge. The tactics were not much different, and the animating spirit was just as totally vicious.
Randy Weaver notes that he was put through hell for a minor error of judgment. The government’s goons aren’t even brought to trial. Government assassin Lon Horiuchi, who notched his rifle by bagging a mother who was holding her baby in her own home, is walking around as free as
O.J. Simpson. And top FBI official Larry Potts, who authorized the murder, has joined Terry Lentzner’s private-eye group, the one doing dirty jobs for Bill and Hillary.
Personally, I intend to buy extra copies to spread around. The expenditure is, in a way, my personal “repa-rations” to the Weavers for not having done more at the time.
SECOND THOUGHT FOR THE DAY:
Our revolutionary Founding Fathers would say to us to day, i What are you waiting
for?!
25
The RESISTER
COMMENTARIES
FROM READERS
SOUND FAMILIAR?
Dr. Ralph R. Reiland
A business is private property. The essence of the natural right of private property is that the owner may acquire, use, and dispose of his property as he sees fit, and how he does so is based on voluntary association. Property is the very foundation of liberty and individual rights. For without the inviolability of property, liberty cannot exist nor is ones life secure from the tyranny of The State. For years The Resister has been pointing out that government regulation of property and interference in business is the essence of fascism. Any (real) businessman reading Dr. Reiland’s article will recognize instantly what the agenda of government, from local business licenses to federal antitrust, really is — anti-property, thus pro socialism, and therefore anti-life.
Steven M. Barry
Criminalizing
Bussnessmen...
In 1939, Vanguard Press in New York City published “The Vampire Econ omy: Doing Business Under Fascism" by Guenter Reimann, a 35 year old German writer at the time. Through contacts with German business owners, Reimann documented how the “monster machine" of the Nazis crushed the autonomy of the private sector through onerous regulations, harsh inspections and the threat of confiscatory fines for petty offenses.
“ I ndust rialists were visited by state auditors who had strict orders to examine the balance sheets and all bookkeeping entries of the company or individual businessman for the preceding two, three or more years until some error or false entry was found,^ explains Reimann. “The slightest
Ralph R. Reiland is Associate Professor of Economics at Robert Morris College in Pittsburgh.
His e-mail address is rrreiland^aol.com.
formal mistake was punished with tremendous penalties. A fine of millions of marks was imposed for a single bookkeeping error.”
Reimann quotes from a businessman’s letter: “You have no
idea how far state_____
control goes and how much power the Nazi representatives have over our work. The worst of it is that they are so ignorant.
These Nazi radicals think of nothing except ’distributing the wealth.’ Some businessmen have even started studying Marxist theories, so that they will have a better understanding of the present economic system. While state representatives are busily engaged in investigating and interfering, our agents and salesmen are handicapped because they never know whether or not a sale at a higher price will mean denunciation as a ’profiteer’ or ‘saboteur,* followed by a prison sentence. You cannot imagine how taxation has
Everywhere there is a growing undercurrent of bitterness. Everyone has his doubts about the system, unless he is very young, very stupid or is bound to it by the privileges he enjoys. There are terrible times coming.
increased. Yet everyone is afraid t complain. Everywhere there is° growing undercurrent of bitterness. Everyone has his doubts about the system, unless he is very young, very stupid or is bound to it by the privileges he enjoys. There are terrible times coming. If only I had succeeded in smuggling out $10,000 or even $5,000,1 would leave Germany with my family. Business friends of mine are convinced that it will be the turn of the ‘white Jews’ (which means us, Aryan businessmen) after the Jews have been expropriated. The difference between this and the Russian system is much less than you think, despite the fact that we are still independent businessmen."
“Independent” only in a decorous sense. Under fascism, explains the businessman, the capitalist “must be servile to the representatives of the state” and “must not insist on rights, and must not behave as if his private property rights were still sacred. It s the businessman, characteristically independent, who is “most likely to get into trouble with the Gestapo for having grumbled incautiously." “Of all businessmen, the small shopkeeper is the one most under control and most at the mercy of the party, recounts Reimann. “The party man, whose good will he must have, does not live in faraway Berlin; he lives —right next door or
right around the corner. This local Hitler gets a report every day on what is discussed in H err Schultz’s bakery and Herr Schmidt’s butcher shop. He would regard these men as‘enemies of the state’ if they complained too much. That would mean, at the very least, the cutting of their quota of scarce and hence highly desirable goods, and it might mean the loss of their business licenses. Small shopkeepers and artisans are not to grumble.”
“Officials, trained only to obey orders, have neither the desire, the equipment nor the vision to modify rules to suit individual situations,” Reimann explains. “The state bu-
26
Vol. IV, No. 4
reaucrats, therefore, apply these laws rigidly and mechanically, without regard for the vital interests of essential parts of the national economy. Their only incentive to modify the letter of the law is in bribes from businessmen, who for their part use bribery as their only means of obtaining relief from a rigidity which they find crippling.” Says another businessman: “Each business move has become very complicated and is full of legal traps which the average businessman cannot determine because there are so many new decrees. All of us in business are constantly in fear of being penalized for the violation of some decree or law.”
Business owners, explains another entrepreneur, cannot exist without a “collaborator,” i.e., a “lawyer” with good contacts in the Nazi bureaucracy, one who “knows exactly how far you can circumvent the law.” Nazi officials, explains Rcimann, “obtain money for themselves by merely taking it from capitalists who have funds available with which to purchase influence and protection,” paying for their protection “as did the helpless peasants of feudal days.”
“It has gotten to the point where I cannot talk even in my own factory,” laments a factory owner. “Accidentally, one of the workers overheard me grumbling about some new bureaucratic regulation and he immediately denounced me to the party and the Labor Front office.” Reports another factory owner: “The greater part of the week I don’t see my factory at all. All this time I spend in visiting dozens of government commissions and offices in order to get raw materials I need.Then there are various tax problems to settle and I must have continual conferences and negotiations with the Price Commission. It sometimes seems as if I do nothing but that, and everywhere I go there are more leaders, party secretaries and commissars to see.”
In this totalitarian paradigm, a businessman, declares a Nazi decree, “practices his functions primarily as a representative of the State, only secondarily for his own sake.” Complain, warns a Nazi director, and “we shall take away the freedom still left you.” In 1933, six years before Reimann’s book, Victor Klemperer, a Jewish academic in Dresden, made the follow-
ing entry in his diary on February 21: “It is a disgrace that gets worse with every day that passes. And there’s not a sound from anyone. Everyone’s keeping his head down.”
...And Their Businesses
Faced with public outrage, the California legislature recently de-| criminalized the sale o^Caesa^alad
—	and it’s not a moment too soon, declared the Libertarian Party. “When you outlaw Caesar salad, only outlaws will eat Caesar salad,” noted Bill Winter, the party’s Director of Communications.
Passing a health law last year that banned the sale of any food that includes raw eggs, Cali-1 fornia made selling Caesar salad a crime. Winter proclaimed, “...it’s a setback for those political eggheads who think they have the right to micro manage every aspect of our lives
—	down to the type of salad we buy. Hopefully, politicians will learn to just lettuce alone.”
Overall, that micro managing,
i.e., the government poking its nose into every part of our lives, comes at a grand price. Just the cost of complying with federal regulations, estimates the Center for the Study of American Business at Washington University, will total S677 billion this year, not counting another $17.2 billion that we’ll pay this year to administer the federal regulatory apparatus, i.e., DC’s 53 major regulatory agencies with some 126,000 employees. Nor does that figure reflect the regulatory costs, both in terms of compliance and administration, that are mandated by state and local agencies, or the yearly price tag of all the indirect costs of this regulatory labyrinth, i.e., the downward pull on our standard of living when vast expenditures are drained out of the private sector.; money that could be invested in new equipment, plants and training— the things that boost a nation’s productivity, competitiveness, growth and income levels. Economist Thomas
Hopkins at the Center for the Study of American Business estimates that the annual regulatory impact on productivity is a $1.2 trillion drain on the economy.
For America’s small- and mediumsized companies the cost of complying with regulations consumes a much higher share of sales revenue than in larger enterprises. In manufacturing the yearly cost per worker of complying with OSHA rules is twice as high in companies with 500 employees as in firms with 5,000 employees. On legal costs, too, the National Labor Relations Board reports a similar gap, with companies of 100 workers paying more than double the amount per employee in legal expenses as firms with 1,000 workers. Overall, the annual regulatory price for companies with under 500 workers averages $5,298 per employee, reports Hopkins, some 78% higher than companies with over 500 workers. In light of this growing burden of government red tape, especially for smaller firms, it’s not surprising that a recent Arthur Anderson survey of
m
America’s mid-sized companies reports that over half of these firms now identify government regulations as their primary business hurdle.
“The natural progress of things,” warned Thomas Jefferson, “is for liberty to yield and governments to gain ground.”Today, a kid opening a lemonade stand in Boston must get permission from five different government agencies and pay $335 in fees and licenses. The city also requires the budding entrepreneur to comply with dozens of complex food and building ordinances and carry $500,000 in liability insurance!
The trigger for the Boston Tea Party was Britain’s tax of threepence on a pound of tea — the equivalent of three cents on 200 tea bags. Fighting mad and willing to go to war with the world’s leading power at the time, those American rebels were objecting to taxation without representation. They should see it with “representation."
Today, a kid opening a lemonade stand in Boston must get permission from nve different government agencies and pay $335 in fees and licenses...
and carry $500,000
in liability insurance!
A Reader Passes
Mr. Walter Pawley, ?-June 1998.
scrawled on the envelope. He was one The Resisters earliest subscribers and supporters, and one of its most prolific correspondents.
While The Resister was operating as an “underground," I cannot recall a bundle of mail from the Kansas City mail drop that did not contain at least two bulging letters from Mr. Pawley. His impassioned love for America was evident in every paragraph; his utter horror at what had become of it evident on every page.
Mr. Pawley was an ardent defender of individual rights and personal liberty. His sometimes scandalous execrations against intrusive government caused me occasionally
He also had an uncanny ability to point a precise finger at the most odious among our Bolshevik nomenklatura and apparatchik.
Walter Pawley was one of the handful of correspondents to The Resister who were known instantly by name. His occasionally disorganized four to six page letters, always typed in closed upper case on a manual typewriter on both sides of the paper, always found their way to the “Read First” stack.
I’m going to miss his letters. Mail Day in the editorial offices will never quite be the same.
ister Walter Pawley’s last issue of The Resister w&s returned with “Deceased”
to burst out in laughter with the remark, “I wish Fd said that!”
The line of demarcation between friend andfoe...passes a nonphysical, often ideological boundary, which must however be expressly delineated if we want to reach ";sf	the adversary and to defeat him
__RogerTrinquier
ce Report
Intelligence is a simple and self-evident thing. As an activity it is the pursuit of a certain kind of knowledge; as a phenomenon it is the resultant knowledge.
Sherman Kent
Periodic
The Citadel’s Public Information Commissariat
On Friday, 18 September 1998, a Resister correspondent, Bettina McCann, was dispatched to the Citadel to obtain interviews with female cadets. She queried Citadel Public Information Coordinator, Jennifer Wallace, about interviewing female cadets regarding their rationalizations for infecting a previously (and rationally) all male institution.
Mmc. McCann, press card bedecked, and armed with back issues, spoke personally with the “very friendly^ Mme. Wallace, who assured Mme. McCann that female cadets could be had for interviews. In fact, when Mme. McCann presented her credentials and card, Mme. Wallace seemed rather enthusiastic about the prospect of having female cadets interviewed.
Then, “something” dawned on Mme. Wallace. She carried Mme. McCann's calling card into a back office, from which issued moments later “another woman.” Mme. Wallace, under the watchful eye of her zampo/it (name unknown) regretted that due to “parades” and “other commitments” no female cadets would be available.
Recognizing weaseling when confronted with it, Mme. McCann offered Mme. Wallace an issue of The Resister, who, reports Mme. McCann, eagerly “grabbed it and didn’t want to give it back.” She forthrightly explained The Resisters anti-women-in-the-military editorial policy. Mme. McCann assured that no hostility was involved, merely a desire to have the female cadets ex-
plain themselves. She was told “one to three” female cadets would be available at the Public Information office on “Monday, at 1300.”
Mmc. McCann called the Citadel Public Information office on Monday at 1000 to confirm the appointment with the female cadets and was transfered to Commander Bruce Williams. He told her “you need a letter of intent from your editors before you can talk to the [female] cadets” because “you’re just not mainstream.” Mme. McCann called The Resister editorial offices and gave the quick and dirty on the situation at the Citadel. Within 30 minutes Mme. Wallace (and presumably, CD R Williams) had the coveted “letter of intent” — whichconfirmed that Mme. McCann was indeed acting in the capacity of correspondent for TheRe-sister, and she was there to gather information and interviews, not to agitate.
Mme. McCann called the Cita-1 del Public Information office back at 1300. Apparently, the Citadel Public Information office did not believe a letter of intent would be faxed — because there is no such thing as a requirement for a “letter of intent.”
“It would take too long to set up the interviews,” said Mme. Wallace. And besides, “The debate over females at the Citadel is over, maybe the female cadets don’t want to be interviewed by you,” she bubbled in her very best public relations voice.
During her debriefing, Mme. McCann made several insightful observations. “If I had been from Time or Newsweek they’d have fallen over themselves to arrange interviews; I guess ‘mainstream’ means you’re expected to agree with their policies.” And “it wasn’t the female cadets not
wanting to be interviewed, it was CDR Williams not wanting them interviewed by me.”
But she hit the nail on the head when she said, “That wasn’t a public information office, it was a nest of commissars.”
You Pay to Play
In this age of “liberal” intellectual degeneracy, when “the people” accept without question obscene notions such as: homosexual perversion is an “alternate lifestyle”; sexually irresponsible females have a “choice” to commit infanticide; antiproperty “civil rights” collectivists arc national icons on par with America’s Founders; and “schools” exist to socialize The Children; perhaps we should not be too shocked when Communist nuns” are resurrected by the Establishment media from out of the ditch where their carcasses were rightfully dumped. They were “victims” of “repression,” of course, and their anti-Communist killers were paraded before a “human rights violations” show trial because they defended their nation against Communists.
Pravda never reported that in
May 1980, almost 5,000 middle-class, anti-Communist demonstrators ringed a residence in San Salvador shouting, “Get out of El Salvador! Communist, leave us in peace! Go to Cuba!” Were they protesting outside a Cuban residence in El Salvador? Nope. A Russian residence? Nope. Try the residence of Robert E. White, United States ambassador to El Salvador.
When I was a cadet at the United
“That wasn’t apublic information office, it was a nest of commissars.”
Vol. IV, No. 4
29
States Military Academy (Class of ’77), one of my classmates was “Tacho” Somoza, son of General Anistasio Somoza. At the time, Nica-ragua was in the throes of a counterinsurgency against the Communist Sandinistas. (“Liberal” intelligentsia, always obedient to the Communist Party line, called — and still call — the Sandinistas “left-leaning” and “nationalists.”“Liberals”yce/ it’s OK to be a nationalist so long as you’re a Communist. “Liberals’ call American nationalism “isolationism”; a tidy little smear invented by their demi-god, Franklin Delano Roosevelt.)
As a student of the history and mechanics of revolutionary warfare, I remarked to Tacho one day that if his father wanted to render the Sandinista leadership descabezado, and leave the Sandinistas crippled and ripe for mopping up, all his father had to do was round up all the Jesuit, Franciscan, Dominican and Maryknoll Liberation Theology “priests” and “nuns” (and their lay workers) — and Marxist university intel/egentsia — and shoot them. Alas, my thoroughly researched and deeply considered advice was ignored as “too reactionary” and Nicaragua, thanks to that traitor and perennial Nobel Peace Prize seeker, Jimmy Carter, is now a Communist country. American “liberals" call Nicaragua a “democracy."
Liberation Theology (“Christian" Marxism) is just as poisonous an overt heresy as its Protestant predecessor and contemporary, the “social gospel.” When Marx claimed that “religion is the opiate of the masses," he was not denouncing religion. Far from it. In The Communist Manifesto for example, Marx and Engles bluntly admit that, “Nothing is easier than to give Christian asceticism a Socialist tinge.” Given the heresies and theologaster anarchy inherent in Protestantism, its little wonder that the Marxist inspired “social Gospel” took root therein first in the mid-19th century, and poisoned American society forever with its atheist socialist obscenities. During that same time frame, Catholic “reformers” were pressing to “modernize” the Church. Although he repressed them, unfortunately Pope St. Pius X did not excommunicate them to set
The RESISTER
an example.
Simply stated, the Liberation Theology premise is that the “the people” (i.e., the proletariat), not God, are the source of spiritual revelation, and that “social conscience” (i.e., collectivization), is the path to salvation. The Protestant “social gospel” claims that the source of spiritual revelation is “service to others” (i.e. altruism), and that “social justice” (i.e., metaphysical egalitarianism), is the path to salvation. In other words, Liberation Theology and the “social gospel,” both of which claim Christ was a socialist (albeit with varying emphases and degrees of divinity), are blatantly communistic.
The “Catholic” (quotations intentional) heresy of Liberation Theology is centered in Central and South America, yet supported domestically in America by the theosophi-cal breeding grounds of certain “Catholic” orders, and their Protestant heretic allies who preach the collectivist “social gospel”; Unitarians, Quakers and Methodists — chief among many others. At least Liberation Theology heretics have the common decency to admit their Marxist
w
proclivities when pressed on the issue (universally left un-mentioned by our Bolshevik censored Establishment press). Protestants of the “social gospel” tinge still try to pass themselves off as Christians, which makes them the ideal “useful idiots” in service to their Liberation Theol-Ogy nomenklatura. Don’t let the street level Protestant squabbling about Catholic “idolatry" (and Protestant theological ignorance about the doctrine of intercession) fool you. At the level of the National Council of Churches, both are singing the same collectivist hymn — off sheet music composed by the atheist Jew, Karl Marx.
There is not a single “people’s movement” or communist insurgency in Central or South America that is not tied to Liberation Theol-ogy, or whose central leadership does not include Jesuits or Maryknollers as organizers, cadres, or operations specialists, or who are not supported by “social gospel” Protestant heretics in America. Witness, for example, the persistent attacks by Liberation Theologists, and their scuts, on the School of the Americas at Fort
Benning, Georgia; and the Protestant “sanctuary” movement, which hid Central and South American Communists from those who justifiably wanted to kill them.
Which brings us to our murdered
U	W
nuns.
So, two “nuns” arrived in El Salvador from a Maryknoll order “meeting” with Jesuit Liberation Theology “priests” who worked in ministry positions within the communist Nicaraguan bureaucracy. And these two “nuns" linked up with another Maryknoll “nun” and a “lay worker" at the El Salvadorian border. That was not — by any stretch of the imagination — Church business. That was Frente Marti Liberation Nacionalbusmess. Frankly, they were FMLN couriers, carrying instructions, from Communist Nicaraguan Sandinista “Jesuits,” destined for Communist Salvadorian FMLN cadre.
In short, by their Communist allegiance, and personal actions in service to International Bolshevism, they were willing combatants within the FMLN insurgency. Everything that happened to them they brought upon themselves.
I can only hope the Salvadorian soldiers who intercepted them had the presence of mind to “interrogate” them first, in order to reveal their contacts in El Salvador, before they shot them and dumped them in that roadside ditch. The tragedy of that whole incident is that defenders of their nation were jailed for no other reason than that they protected their nation from Communists. But, as Nuremberg established as ex post facto “legal” precedent, anti-Bolshevism is now a “human rights” violation, and justifiable actions against Communists are “war crimes.”
As to the “nuns” being raped... well, the brutal fact is that, in war, captured women are booty. It’s an ugly business, but there you have it. That is why honorable men do not give their women the “opportunity to serve in the Army. Which speaks volumes about the moral state of the 15 per cent female US Army.
As for the “nuns”—good riddance. They asked for it. They got it. In an insurgency, once you chose sides, you pay to play.
CHEAT SHEET
MILITARY EQUAL OPPORTUNITY CLIMATE SURVEY: LESS INTENSIVE TRUNCATED EDITION (MEOCS-LITE)
Despite that gratuitous bastardization of the English lan-guage (“lite”), that survey title’s quite a mouthful, isn’t it? Sociologists love surveys. Survey is a “scientific” term that means “poll.” Democracies cannot exist without polls, because without them politicians wouldn’t know how to think or which groups to appease. Commissars love polls too. Polls inform them how well the self-criticism sessions are taking hold, and what group to punish if they’re not. And we all know what group needs to be perpetually punished to justify further self-criticism sessions and polling of “the oth-
W
ers.
A correspondent in 5th Special Forces Group (Airborne) provided a copy of MEOCS-LITE following a recent change of command. Most unit equal opportunity polls are conducted after a change of command. That is because officers cannot be trusted to tell each other the truth about the “equal opportunity climate” in their integrated units. The zampolit arc in charge of the Future Truth and the “climate” of the Army. “Your individual responses will be held confidential [sic], though [sic] unit averages will be reported to the commander who requested the survey.” So, a commander needs to request a MEOCS, which means it’s voluntary, right? No;“request” means he needs to ask the zampolit to poll his unit, or face certain EO career death if his unit has an “incident” without one. No commander dare not have a MEOCS — “lite” or otherwise.
“Try to be as accurate as you can,” read the instructions, “but for most of these items we are asking for your opinions and there are no right or wrong answers.” (Sociologeese to English translation: “Try to tell the
truth, but your feelings are more important than the facts and it’s all relative anyway.’) “Please answer honestly, the way you feel, and don’t try to give us the “right” or “expected” responses. [Emphasisl added.] Please note for the record, that feelings, (i.e., emotions, not demonstrable facts or certain knowledge), are considered “honest” responses here. It’s a womyn thing.
Polled soldiers are told, “...return the survey materials as instructed by your survey administrator.” After all, memory can be disputed, but paper lasts forever and can be used in evidence.
“For the purposes of this survey^ ‘Minority’ includes males or females in the following racial/ethnic groups:
-BLACK/AFRICAN-AMERI-CAN (NOT OF HISPANIC ORIGIN)
-HISPANIC [presumably, not of African origin]
-ASIAN-AMERICAN OR PACIFIC ISLANDERS -NATIVE AMERICAN/ALAS-KAN NATIVE
-OTHER MINORITY (includes
racial/ethnic groups not listed above, yet not considered part of the white or Caucasian majority in the United States)”
The latter, of course, means faggots and dykes. Why else would they claim genetic predisposition to homosexuality? And what race would claim them as kindred?
MEOCS are “voluntary.” So after a change of command they are inflicted upon soldiers who really do have more important things to attend to. Consequently, truly voluntary response rates (in Special Forces units) average about 30 per cent. In Starred Weaselspeak, voluntary means maximum compelled participation. To ensure “voluntary compliance,” Special Forces soldiers, always innovators, hit upon a solution. Let the true volunteers (mostly minorities), fill
out and submit their polls. Then, when the United States Army Special Operations Command Equal Opportunity Commissariat demands increased volunteerism, give the remaining 70 per cent of MEOCS polls to a hand-full of white SF guys. They know just what to do when faced with absurdity.
Lie.
Dozens of answer sheets are filled out simultaneously by each guy with such names as “Blowme Jerkoff” and “other” racial categories, explained on the comments page as “Martian” or other creative categories. “The individual items [questions] of the survey are used to construct scales measuring various aspects of EO and human relations... it is important that you respond to as many items as possible.” So they do. To speed up the process the bubble answer sheets are filled in with randomly descending #2 pencils — to “maintain the integrity of the scales” used to determine the success of the Army’s EO program, which is, after all, a “model for America,” in that it’s largely based on lies like everything else having to do with EO.
The Cheat Sheet
et’s save the dragooned volunteer MEOCS scribes some time. MEOCS-LITE is 94 questions. Consider yourself free to copy this cheat sheet and distribute it freely.
Part I: Demographics.
2,	6, 6, 2, 6, 6, (blank), 5, 2, 2, 6,
(blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), 6, (blank).
Part II: General Equal Opportunity (EO) Perceptions.
1,5,3,5,1, (blank), 5,1,1,5,1,1, 1, 1, 1, (blank), 3, (blank), (blank).
...when the United States Army Special Operations Command Equal Opportunity Commissariat demands increased volunteerism, give the remaining 70 per cent of MEOCS polls to a hand-full of white SF guys. They knowjust what to do when faced with absurdity. Lie.
M
Part III: EO Issues.
“The relationship between (blank), 1, (blank), (blank), (blank), 1, (blank); “Concerns with..." (blank), (blank), (blank), 1,1,5.
Part IV: Unit EO Climate.
(blank), (blank).
Questions 57 through 62 ask “your opinion of the likelihood that the listed actions occurred in your unit..." [Original emphases.) In other words, you’re asked to guess — in the name of social conscience. uWe are not asking whether you have actually observed the actions; rather, we would like your opinion...” whether they occurred or not. [Original emphases.]
In other words, EO policies that affect the Army in its entirety will be influenced by your guesses, suppositions, speculations, or uninformed opinions. I suggest the following answers for questions 57 through 62:
6,6,6, (blank), (blank), 6.
Part IV (continued — questions
63-78)
6, (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), 6, 6,6,6,1,1,1, (blank).
Part V: Work Issues.
(blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), (blank), 3, 5, 3, 3, 3.
The Easy Solution
Your failure to participate in the
MEOCS-LITE poll “will
lessen the ability of your com-
w	w
mander to identify concern and will hamper efforts by DoD to track trends in equal opportunity...." We can’t have that!
However, If you have difficulty memorizing cheat sheets, try this:
Skip through the MEOCS-LITE to question #26; “I fully support the EO program." Answer with “1” (“totally disagree with the statement”) [Original emphasis.] Leave the other 93 questions blank. Turn in the survey. Go have a beer.	________
The RESISTER
Just Ask Rome
Our nomenklatura are sending aloft the draft trial balloon again. They do it about once every 5 years to see who reacts, and what their objections are.Their mandatory “volunteerism” poster general, Colin Powell, thinks the idea is wonderful. But then, our nomenklatura groomed him and stage managed his career for him. He’s very much their invention.
You’d like to believe some of the reasons for re-instituting the draft have some legitimacy, but nostalgia about the “benefits” of the draft are largely chimera. Consider this: in a truly free and just soci
pelled slaughter of a generation t0 save and expand Bolshevism (that time in the guise of Uncle Joe — and later, Mao). Coincidentally, Israel was miracled into existence by the United Nations — created during Roosevelt’s War by Communist Alger Hiss — as a result. Not good enough. Truman’s “war" to “contain" communism (read: allowing it to consolidate in America) required more State compelled slaughter. Johnson’s War was a convenient opportunity to prove to Americans that communism cannot be defeated by crippling the military with “rules of
engagement” and ci-vilian control while decimating another generation of young men. Curiously, Is-
Consider this: in a
truly free and just so-
.....____I ciety would there ever g||i9S
iety would there he a shortage Or young its territory between ever be a shortage of men ready tO Spring to ’67 and ’73 while the
young men ready to	defense of their US	™sI.bc‘
spring to the defense	• ^	ing Bolshevized from
of their nation? The	nation.	within by drafted
answer, of course, is
no. American history has borne that
answer out — with some exceptions.
Note for the record the ideological origins of those American wars that required a draft or conscription. (There is a difference: when drafted you’re essentially shanghaied; when conscripted you can pay a substitute to serve for you — a great opportunity for Irish and German immigrants!)
The “Civil War” was one. People then knew what natural rights and liberty meant. Why else do you think there were (anti) draft riots? Wilson’s War was another. No rational man could understand why American men should be slaughtered wholesale to settle a European squabble started by Jewish Bolshevik bankers; nor could they comprehend the meaning behind Wilson’s bromide, “Make the World Safe for Democracy," when America was still considered by Americans to be a republic. People were more honest back then. (The ADL, anticipating resistance to political Zionism, took care of that by inventing the smear “anti-semite!” which really means anti-Commu-nist. )The creation of Israel failed that time. Oh well. Another try!
Roosevelt’s War is a classic example of rationalizing the State com-
-	—	“civil	rights"	revolu-
tionaries. The U S military was pointedly reminded of its obligations when it considered balking at defending Israel and was promptly brought back into the fold at the expense of the USS Liberty and its crew. Probably just a coincidence.
What were the American wars that did not require a draft?Try the American Revolution for starters (fighting for freedom from tyranny). The War of 1812 (defending the nation from invasion). The Mexican-American War (expanding the nation’s frontier). The Indian Wars (defending the settlers of that expanded frontier from savages).The Spanish American War (establishing hemispheric hegemony). Did these wars require a draft? The answer is — that’s right — no.
“Today, young men still must register with Selective Service,"Thomas W. Lippman of the Washington Post recently wrote, “just in case. In case of what?
Well, um, you see, the military is, uh, too white, and too, you know, conservative, and too, ah, masculine. “But scholars are also trying to assess the effects of the end of the draft on politics, government, society, race and even literature.” [Emphases added.) “Certainly the military doesn’t have as large a presence in shaping mascu-
line gender identity,” said James Gibson, a sociologist at CSU Long Beach. That’s true. How can the military shape “masculine... identity” when it’s infected with females?
“Statistical measurements of the post-draft era are abundant, though there is disagreement about what many of the numbers mean,” wrote Lippman. “In the years between the Korean and Vietnam wars [sic], 60 percent of black men served in the military, while today only 8 percent do so....” Never mind that today almost 30 percent of the military is “Black/African-American (not of Hispanic descent),” almost 10 percent Hispanic (not of African descent), and about 15 percent female. If you’re interested in what those numbers mean, enlistment and reenlistment bribes can be powerful incentives to ensure the barbarizing of an Army and driving away those men who no longer consider martial service a personal honor because their nation is no longer their bequeath-ment. Just ask Rome.
Oh, sorry — you can’t.
But historical precedent is not considered a problem. “There are some students who are interested philosophically in the broad area of national service...” said Theodore A Wilson, a military historian at the University of Kansas. (Command and General Staff College affiliated, folks). After all, when drafted “men of every racial, economic, educational and geographic background were scooped up... [in] a mixing bowl of young people from different backgrounds,” enthused Lippman. Lippman is mouthing the Party line. In the military, America is no longer smeared as a “melting pot.” The Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute, and their zampolit, now execrate America as a “salad bowl” of “diverse cultures.” And if you don’t pretend to believe it, your martial life is over.
You see, the problem is that “some analysts believe the military — especially the officer corps — is becoming more politically conservative and more attuned to the religious right as the armed forces become less a reflection of the nation as a whole." [Emphases added.]
What Lippman is telling us is that our nomenklatura have decided that
America’s military is to become a thoroughly atheistic, Bolshevized “reflection of the nation as a whole.” If compulsory self-criticism sessions fail to convert the intractable (too conservative, too religious, too white) officer corps, out of necessity the commissars will eventually re-implement the draft to make sure “reflection” happens.
Dead, is the American (Roman derived) yeoman emeritus tradition of ense et arato — and I’ll bet you didn’t even notice. You will.
An Army of Pakleds
Speaking of the Draft.... Lawmakers, we are forewarned in a 25 September 1998 Associated Press wire release, “concerned about filling the ranks of America’s fight-1 ing forces raised the prospect... of renewing the draft.”
Following a House hearing on military preparedness, “key defense lawmaker,
GOP Rep. Stephen Buyer of Indiana, said, A lot of young people are escaping their civic responsibilities. There are benefits to a draft. [Emphasis added.]
Okay; let’s stop here for a moment for a brief lesson in the forgotten Russian dissident art of reading between the lines in Pravda\ an art Americans had better learn to master — soon.
Who, precisely, “benefits” from that “civic responsibility” known as the draft, that “young people are escaping” from? To begin our brief lesson, we need to examine the meanings of words. “Benefit” means, in this instance, good, advantageous or profitable. “Civic” pertains to citizenship, so when juxtaposed with “responsibility" as in “civic responsibility,” it means the duties and obligations of citizenship. A draft is an involuntary martial levy. Such a levy can only be implemented by force. And the only entity that can force a martial levy on the citizenry is The State. “Escape” is an important word in this context (and you can be assured Menshevik Party Rep. Buyer
meant to use it) because it means to gain one’s freedom by flight.
So, what Menshevik Buyer really said was (paraphrasing): America’s youth are escaping their duty to al-lowThe State to dispose of their lives as The State whims. (Which sounds perfectly reasonable to me.) Such lack of “civic responsibility" on the part of unwilling cannon-fodder also disturbs Bolshevik Party Rep. Norman Sisisky, who said during the hearings that he had been “‘preaching’ for several years that reviving the draft might be necessary if attracting Americans to the military becomes too hard.” “Have we reached the point where we can no longer fill the ranks with the all-volunteer force?” asked Menshevik Buyers. When he said “we,” he meant The State. It was a rhetorical question. He knows “we” have. So does Bolshevik Sisisky, who chimed in, “there’s a possibility [the draft is] going to happen.” Why? Because certain types of soldiers cannot be enticed into the apolitical volunteer military, or cajoled into staying once they’ve had a taste of what it’s become under “civilian (read, commissar) control.” What manner of soldiers are those? White male soldiers. Who would be drafted? Mostly, white men.
I dislike Star Trek. I especially dislike Next Generation. (And I vomited the one and only time I ever watch Voyager, the one with the female captain— they couldn’t fathom why they were lost.) But in Next Generation there is a race called the Pakled. Think of them as a planet of Afri-cans.They have a vocabulary of about 1000 words.They steal “It” (technology) because “‘It’ makes us strong.” They fly randomly about space kidnapping engineers to “Make ‘It’ go.” Now, consider why the integrated, feminized, “Be All You Can Be” volunteer “Today’s Army Wants to Join You” military is even discussing a draft, while at the same time actively recruiting minorities and females.
You see, the Army needs white men to “Make it go.” And it will shanghai them if it needs to. To make the military more “a reflection of the nation as a whole” - competency wise.
You see, the Army needs white men to “Make it go.” And it will shanghai them if it needs to.
The RESISTER
marine corps report
by i I - ■^
Martin Luther, An Officer of Marines
FEELING GOOD ABOUT OURSELVES
It viillavail us little if the members of our defeated forces are all equal. History will treat us for what we were: a social curiosity thatfailed.
Richard A. Gabriel, Military Sociologist
The Future
Communist occupying forces raised their flag over the Capitol just hours before President Gore announced the unconditional surrender of the United States. Americas fighting men fought honorably at first, then desperately later, as the reality of defeat and the horrors of the “peace" to come thereafter became all too obvious. Americans fought to defend their families, their homes, their dignity and their honor. Some even fought to try to save at least some remnant of their country in the hope that others might live to fight another day; but it was to no avail. The betrayal of the American people and their armed forces was complete. Communist appointees “govern" America as a collection of conquered provinces.
Decades of destructive social experiments inflicted upon the military had reduced it from a disciplined, world-class fighting organization, to little more than a poorly-equipped, emasculated, demoralized mob. Years ofmulticulturalism, “outcome-based education," and “control" of privately-owned firearms had the cumulative effect of reducing the number of Americans who continued to resist to a handful of die-hards who, for
decades, America’s “liberal” press
“crimes against humanity. Following orders to fight Communists is not a defense. The victorious Communist nations aren’t even waiting for a verdict to construct the gallows....
“All that is necessary for evil to prevail is for good
Edmund Burke
The current trend towards reducing combat effectiveness, and thus national security, by progressively and forcibly injecting militaiy units with physically incapable female soldiers, sailors, Ma-
rines, and airmen has shocked most principled, professional military men into a state of utter confusion or complete denial. Attempts to brainwash these servicemen into accepting females as equals are slowly recruiting the more weak-willed to the ranks of the socialists’ Fellow Travelers. Just as the efforts of many anti-freedom individuals to deprive law-abiding American civilians of their unalienable right to keep and bear arms is looked upon by many as foolish and destined to fail by virtue of their factually baseless and self-evidently absurd arguments, many men similarly dismiss the possibility of America’s military forces being hamstrung by militarily unwise — though politi-cally-correct — social engineering schemes. In both cases, however, the march of liberal social engineering continues as those same men, after the shock has worn off, stand by and do nothing.
Proponents of impelling women into the military as active combatants are advancing their bizarre, culturally and nationally destructive agenda at a frightening rate, regardless of the inevitable catastrophic results: the weakening of the physical, moral, and disciplinary standards of the men, and the qualification and promotion of unqualified women (witness the disastrous demise of one of the Navy’s first female carrier aviatrixes). These proponents have been successful in obscuring the formerly self-evident truth that the purpose of the armed forces is to defend the Republic and its interests abroad. According to an article on page 21 of the December 1997 edition of The American Spectator , Kate O’Beirne is referenced as stating that currently only 60 percent of military men (and only 30 percent of women in the military) believe that the primary purpose of the military is to fight and win wars.
It is also important to note that only a minuscule percentage of females in the armed forces, predictably female officers drunk with “empowerment," actually wish to
called “ right-wing extremists — who were forbidden to
join the military be- proponents Qf SB cause their patno- r	.	r
tism was deemed 'ffig WOITlCn into tilC
“prejudicial to good military as active com-
orderand discipline.” batants are advancing!
All that is moot «	•	i	•	i. it"
. The final hu- their blzarre> culturally
now
miliation has begun, and nationally destruc-The World Court is tive agenda at a fright-trying America’s	eningrate...
former political and	°
military leaders on
charges of so-called “war crimes” and
serve in combat, and the reasons they give for desiring combat billets are purely pragmatic — they want to be promoted past the rationally constructed “glass ceiling” and achieve ultimate control of the military establishment. The desire to serve ones country is either not mentioned by these radical feminists, or mentioned only as an obligatory afterthought.
“Feminists and their allies in this debate [sic] argue that male protectiveness and the potential for sexual tension and competition are the result of a lack of education and insensitivity to women... Even assuming nature can be eradicated by sensitivity training, what male trait in young soldiers would we want to eliminate?”
COL MackubinT. Owens, USMCR, Marine Corps Gazette, November 1992
The infestation of the military Math female parasites causes collateral physical and moral deterioration to the men therein. Consider also the nonmilitary additions to our annual training requirements. For instance, the Marine Corps conducts overtly Marxist “Equal Opportunity Awareness” classes, which are poorly disguised “sensitivity training” indoctrination seminars. Only a minor portion of EO classes are devoted to stating and clarifying the Department of Defense’s, the Department of the Navy’s, and the Marine Corps’ policy concerning “equal opportunity." The rest of the sessions are set aside for such militarily irrelevant subjects as the “white male club” (perceived white male “racism," and “sexism” — both Communist inventions), “communicating across differences” (tolerance-based, radical cultural egalitarianism), and “extremist groups and gangs” (intolerance for those groups who espouse politically incorrect ideologies, many of which are opposed to Marxism and other
forms of collectivism).
Most disturbing is the emphasis placed upon teaching senior Marines to adopt a “system focus” vice a “victim focus” in determining responsibility for the actions of individuals. Apparently, the idea is to blame all “unfortunate incidents” on an ambiguous “system," and divorce culpability for one’s actions! from the equation altogether. This is ob-\ viously	pure
collectivist ideological claptrap, by which society is constantly at fault for perpetuating and enforcing “racist” and “sexist” criteria for socioeconomic advancement. Because of that ridiculous premise, the stu-pid, lazy and incompetent underachiever can never be held accountable for his poor performance because, after all, the standards are flawed to begin with. I swear, I am not making this up!
Thus is “Equal Opportunity” presented to senior leaders of the Corps. That is not to imply that equality of opportunity is an undesirable policy; rather, that equality of outcome —
i.e., predetermined results mandated without regard for objective criteria based on military efficiency—is. This latter is what “equal opportunity” really means in the modern “Liberal” (i.e.. Communist) lexicon. It is no secret that each branch of the Service has recruiting “goals" (i.e., “quotas”) for women and minorities.That being the case, how does one reconcile the contradictory messages sent by an institution which on the one hand states that all candidates for recruitment or promotion are selected solely upon the basis of their performance, but on the other hand, will modify the results of the selection
0
process if the proper sexual and racial mix is not achieved? In the Marine Corps, all members of a certain grade — officer and enlisted alike — compete for promotion among the same pool of peers. Yet, because females run a separate physical fitness test (PFT), for example, the selection process is based on a defacto double standard. It is therefore easier for a female to be selected for promotion.
The defacto double standard, and it’s ruthless imposition, is best illustrated with an example. During entry-level enlisted Marine combat training, male non-infantry Marines and females are integrated for the first time. (They are segregated — correctly — during Recruit Training.) Theoretically, both the male Marines and the females should be held to the same standard of physical performance during PT, hikes, field exercises, etc. Yet, a male company commander of a Marine combat training company was relieved of his command — without input from his immediate chain of command and without opportunity to present matters in his own defense — for attempting to uphold a single Marine (i.e., objective military) standard during a hike. His relief was apparently made upon the basis of allegations made by several former disgruntled female students of his who objected to his equal treatment of all the Marines in his command.
“We castrate and bid the geldings be fruitful.”
C.S. Lewis, “Men Without Chests”
Consistent wdth the decline of physical standards of perfor mance, and moral standards of behavior, is the loss of discipline in individual Marines. Self-discipline is a quality which is learned after a period of controlled imposed discipline. One effective, traditional tool used in imposing discipline is Incentive Physical Training (i.e., doing pushups for dropping one’s rifle and similar minor offenses). Prohibitions against conducting IPT have been imposed by commanders throughout the Marine Corps based on either a willful misunderstanding or a negligent misinterpretation of the Commandant’s policy concerning “hazing,” which explicitly defends the use of IPT at Recruit Training. The policy does not forbid the use of IPT by units other than the Recruit Depots.
...the Marine Corps conducts overtly Marxist “Equal Opportunity Awareness” classes, which are poorly disguised “sensitivity training” indoctrination seminars.
Marine NCOs (corporals and sergeants) arc the leaders of the primary groups which compose the rest of the fighting (i.e., male) Marine Corps— the fire teams and rifle squads. More than any other leaders in the Corps, they must have the means at hand to
W
instill discipline (i.e., the instant, willing obedience to orders) when minor transgressions occur. Counseling a lackadaisical non-rated Marine who habitually drops his rifle is laughable, just as is sending him to Office Hours (Non-Judicial Punishment) for the same offense. A quick dropping of the negligent offender to his face and having him pump out a few push-ups to remind him of the importance of weapon retention, would solve this and most related problems. | Something fundamentally evil has happened to our beloved Corps. Those very same men who would lo-cate, close with, and destroy an enemy — actively demonstrating the will and ability to resist — are being transformed into stammering, stuttering fools under the scrutiny of our increasingly politically-correct, feminized leadership — commissioned and noncommissioned officers alike. Rattle-hardened Marine officers and N COs who know almost instinctively what it takes to lead men into harm’s way arc fast becoming extinct because of ill-conceived policies that are turning America's premier war-fighters into a confused mass of sensitive, modern, 90s eunuchs who have no problem getting in touch with their inner selves, but who don’t know how to clear a trench or a building.
This catastrophe has occurred, in part, because the same “Marines” who prohibit the use of 1PT are the same persons who grew up in the 60’s and 70’s, during the era of “don’t spank your children” and similar unfounded and ridiculous social theories propounded by Communists and acted upon by gullible, “progressive” parents. These persons are now today’s field grade officers and senior staff noncommissioned officers who made the intellectual leap from “don’t spank your children” to “don't IPT your Marines.” Yet they demand the same results in terms of discipline, as if discipline could be achieved without the physical means of instilling it. They have removed the cause of discipline but still demand its effect.
Some go as far as to rationalize the robbing of NCOs of their primary disciplinary tool by the following train of thought. “Using IPT takes judgment and there is a risk of abusive treatment by those with less than adequate judgment.” -----------1—
°r, Notever^Ma- Something fundamen-
curity to “tolerate” (a perennial Communist theme) the presence of females in our midst, they must be removed permanently from all combat, combat support, and most com-
bat
service
rine nas
ment required to use tally evil has happened an IPT program.” to our beloved Corps.
And, “Therefore, ———^wmm__ nobody will use IPT as a means of instilling discipline.”
Roger that. Let’s apply that logic to the operation of an F/A-18D Hornet. “Flying an F-18 takes judgment and there is a risk of loss of life if one’s judgment fails during flight.” And,
“Not every Marine has the judgment required to fly F-18s.” So, “Therefore, nobody will
fly F-18s.” Ludicrous? No; reality.
“Those who deny their own deeply held moral beliefs have quit. They are a danger to themselves and to the institution because they have compromised their fundamental values.”
LTC Michael R. Lehnert, USMC, Marine Corps Gazette,
June 1993
support billets. Reestablish a women’s auxiliary corps, complete with its own all-female chain of command, including no female general officers, and recruited and promoted according to their own standards. “Equal Opportunity” classes can then be boiled down to a single one-minute lecture along the lines of, “Men, no fraternization; ladies, keep your legs closed, upon pain of UCMJ.”
As far as reestablishing discipline is concerned, simply establish a unit SOP which will allow our NCOs the ability to physically correct individuals by way of IPT, punish obvious sadists, and get on with the more serious aspects of preparing for war.
W
ith this obvious failure of| our senior leadership to” remain committed to military efficiency vice their own careers, it is no wonder there is an unprecedented exodus of competent young officers and noncommissioned officers from our ranks. In the 9 March 1998 edition of the Navy Times, LtCol Paul H. Maubert, USMCR, observed that leaders are being chosen “beginning as early as boot camp, for their willingness to espouse a politically correct party I line, rather than to close with and I destroy the enemy," and “since [men of principle] prefer not to be a part of this deception, they leave.” The deception is there. We as Americans must reveal the deception, label it accordingly, and remove and replace those who actively work to deceive us.
In the meantime, if we must be compelled at the peril of national se-
Vol. IV, No-
36
A representative body> composed principally of respectable yocmanry is the best possible security to liberty. Any law rendering	i
property insecure, would be injurious to them. \ Melancton Smith. 1788
few*
Every law, or resolution having the force of law, jAtf// rr/a/f /0 Aw/ one subject, and that shall be expressed in the title. Constitution of the Confederate States of America Article I, section 9, clause 20
COMMISSARS
The Army’s Political Officers
(Part One)
Narodnyy Komissariat Oborony
(People’s Commissariat of Defense)
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Three months before my retirement, I attended a Simon Wiesenthal Center “tolerance" brainwash sponsored by the US Army Special Operations Command Equal Opportunity office. As I was settling in I was approached by an EO advisor who, during the course of a brief chat, referred to himself as a political officer. For years I had been calling EO advisors zampolit (political commissars), and EO representatives Stasi informants. Mainly out of contempt; but also as a description of their role in the military. By his admission, that EO advisor confirmed that our nomenklatura considers the standing army of these united States to be an instrument of social change — always toward communism — not a force to defend our nation.
Revolution from the Top
On 26 July 1948, President Harry S. Truman signed Executive Order 9981, establishing a seven man President’s Committee on Equality ofTreatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services headed by Charles Fahy. Undersigning what amounted to a
dictatorial decree, the then commander-in-chief ordered“thereshall be equality of treatment and opportunity for all persons in the armed services without regard to race, color, religion, or national origin.”
The egalitarian sentiments of EO 9981 however, reveal its! origin and purpose. The ideological origin was (and still is) communism. Its purpose was twofold. First, to circumvent heated congressional opposition to Truman’s “civil rights” program. Second, given its ideological origins, to both cause internal strife within the military thereby weakening national defense, and to use the military as a social engineering laboratory for “democratic” change in American society.
In late 1947, the President’s Committee on Civil Rights made its report to Truman. It was submitted to Congress in early 1948 with full approval and recommendations by the president.1 The specific proposals were:2
“1. The establishment under the
Federal government of new facilities to enforce Federal laws and to supplement state criminal-law administration.
2.	The extension Federal criminal jurisdiction to what would amount to the power to police the prosecuting and police officers of the state. The most notable feature of this would be an anti-lynching law.
3.	Federal laws designed to remove restrictions upon voting in primaries and elections.
4.	Federal laws designed to prohibit discrimination in private employment and in government services. A feature of this recommendation is that the Federal government kvouldenforcenondiscrimination not
only by direct action but by withholding Federal funds.”
In other words, federal control over states’ courts and the elimination of trial by jury in favor of in-[junctive decrees by federal judges, the usurpation of state’s police powers, control of elections, and the utter abrogation of the right of freedom of association and property rights. In short, federal dictatorship over every aspect of an individual’s life.
The recommendations of Truman’s 1947 Committee on Civil Rights built upon New Deal programs and legislation designed to place private business under federal control for the purpose of appealing to “a congeries of small segments of the voting population [designed to end] in an alliance of minorities,” who looked upon New Deal “reforms as a mere prelude to revolution.”1 By appealing to minority group interests, the Democrat Party sought to expand its voter base, further expanded fed-
Since 1933, the
Democrat Party has always extended its legitimacy to Communists.
era! control over states’ government and nullified individual rights by codifying collective “rights."Truman had no problem with this. His “Fair Deal" programs inherited Roosevelt’s New Deal communists to run them. Since 1933, the Democrat Party has always extended its legitimacy to communists.4
But all this was just too much at one time. Despite a flurry of legisla-F five proposals intended to implement the Committee's proposals, state and congressional opposition — and the Foundersgcnius ofbuilt-in “gridlock” — managed to temporarily halt “democratic progress" toward collectivism. So the Nine Robed Dictators stepped in to weaken property rights, the “foundation stone of our government and Constitution...," to pave the way for future assault.5 In 1948, the Supreme Court “outlawed racial discrimination in the private sale of homes, striking out restrictive covenants that excluded blacks and other groups from purchasing certain prop-erties."*‘
None of the foregoing, however, was happening in straight progression. Communists always work through a myriad of political, eco-mic, legal, academic and cultural nts at the same time. Not always concert, not always in harmony, ut always with the same goal; planned social “change." Always toward collectivism. And always from the top. In fact, the word “social" itself, when juxtaposed with “change," or “justice," or “conscious," is meaningless. It is a French and German Communist invention. “Social," in those contexts means collective: “the ‘social* half of a phrase stands for approval of certain government controls over society...."7
For Communists, America has always been somewhat of a problem. Americans were not locked into the exploitable economic class distinctions of Europe, although Communist agitation in and control of those syndicalism rackets called labor unions succeeded in measure to create that illusion. Academics lent a hand by writing execrations declaring the Constitution to be an “upper class" conspiracy to protect their property from “democracy" and the “common man."* Protestant ministers shopped a “social gospel to drool-
The RESISTER
ing congregations.9 Malicious females worked their evil doing “social work” while demanding universal suffrage so they could inflict their malignancy on society at large.
I “Progressive” jurists openly declared their contempt for natural rights.10 The communists’ problem was that men who worked for a living and acquired their property through hon-l est labor had no time for such nonsense as collectivizing it. Unable to drive a class conflict wedge through American society — although they worked tirelessly on all fronts to create the opening for one — one branch of communists substituted race conflict for class struggle.
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People was organized by socialists in 1909 (communists were called socialists in America back then) specifically for the purpose of undermining the Constitution by mounting a legal of-
In churches and synagogues, Protestant “social gospel” ministers and Bolshevik
fensive against the rabbis babbled to dim doctnne of Separate Protestant and not- I---------- ——————T
But Equal, while si- „	__ t • t	media.	On the legal
multaneously agitat- so-dim Jewish congre- front) the NAACPJ
America, we will aim for subtle victory. While inflaming the Negro minority against the Whites, we will endeavour to instill in the Whites a guilt complex for their exploitation of the Negroes. We will aid the Negroes to rise in prominence in every walk of life, in the professions and in the world of sports and entertainment. With this prestige the Negro will be able to intermarry with the Whites and begin a process which will deliver America to our cause.”"
Handed their wedge, communists began prying at American culture and institutions; gently at first, then by gradual degrees throughout the 1920s and ’30s. On the culture front, the random improvised noise called jazz,” jerky body movements to such
random noise, called “dance,” and childish paint smears on canvas, called “art," were lauded and hailed in reviews by “change agents” in the increasingly Communist infiltrated
u
ations about thel “brotherhood of all mankind,” “equality/ and “social responsibility.”
ing for “social justice for Negroes among “progressive” whites in socialist (later Communist) W.E.B.
DuBois’vile monthly screed, The Crisis.
The primary ideological thrust of The Crisis was (and still is) racial and cultural relativism; the belief that there are no superior or inferior races, or good or bad cultures — indeed, even notions of superior and inferior, or good and bad, are dismissed by relativism as “bias"
- that race is merely a social convention and all cultures are equally valid, “just different.”
In 1912, Israel Cohen, a leading British Communist, published a book entitled, A Racial Program for the 20th Century. In it he wrote:
“We must realize that our party’s most powerful weapon is racial tension. By propounding into the consciousness of the dark races that for centuries they have been oppressed by whites, we can mould them to the| program of the Communist Party. In
along with their Communist allies, the American Civil Liberties Union, began filing civil cases challenging Separate But Equal. Significantly, not on the basis that facilities were separate, but that they weren’t equal. In churches and synagogues, Protestant “social gospel” ministers and Bolshevik rabbis babbled to dim Protestant and not-so-dim Jewish congregations about the “brotherhood of all mankind,” “equality,” and “social responsibility." Teachers, professors and authors began referring (particularly after Roosevelt’s election) to America as a democracy, not a republic. Words such as “overpriveleged,” and “underpriveleged,” and “security,” and “reform” entered daily usage through print and radio. And foundations, established by philanthropists, yet quickly subverted from within by Communist “directors” and “secretaries," financed the Communist front organizations that “facilitated” all the above.12 See how “change"
Vol. IV, No. 4
works, gentle reader? From the top. With huge wads of tax deductible cash. A concert of cacophonic nihilism — the Siren's song of “social jus-• » tice.
Communist inspired “social justice” began to infect the United States military around the close of Roosevelt’s War through a series of “studies” by social “scientists.” The “science” of sociology is a late 1800’s invention by — that’s right — Communists. Stripped of its fluffy academic propaganda, social “science” boils to statistical analysis of groups and their relationships for the expressed purpose of predicting, then changing their behavior through government activism.
Sociology is predicated on a complete disregard for individual human action and is completely collective oriented for the design of planning societal “change.” Sociologists refer to themselves as “social engineers.” Not all sociologists may be communists, but it’s hard to find one who is not, and all sociology is communistic in purpose. Sociology has as much relation to real science as dung has to filet mignon, and sociologists are no more scientists that whores are virgins-
One military sociology “study” in particular, The American Soldier, was prepared and edited “under the auspices ofThe Social Science Research Council,n a coterie of “leftist” and outright Communist academics financed in part by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. (For those you who just joined us, “international peace” has always meant lack of opposition to international communism.)
The Social Science Research Council was a “distribution agent,” i.e., a front, for sixteen foundations that financed Communist fronts, whose social “scientists” formed an interlocked self-promoting cabal of sociologists. Dr. Pendleton Herring, president ofThe Social Science Research Council stated its aim was, “to arrange and control human relationships... to an awareness of the limitations of individual freedom and personal choice.”14
The American Soldier was commissioned by General of the Army George C. Marshall,15 but the officer in charge of the project was Major
General Frederick Osborn, a sociologist, who was acting director of the War Department’s Information and Education Division, and who was also a trustee of the Carnegie Corporation.1^!] Prior to Roosevelt’s War, General Osborn was a civilian and an “official in a factoring company, [who] had achieved some attention in social science circles through various writings.”17 At that time, factoring meant taking polls. In other words, General Osborn was a pollster.
The American Soldier was written by civilian social “scientists” under General Osborn’s direction, whoJ “against the repeated objections” of professional soldiers, “incorporated their own [civilian] ideas in a matter of highest military significance.”18 General Osborn praised The American Soldier as a “typical example of social-science prediction."
What was predicted? That matter was how the Army was to be demobilized at the end of hostilities. How was the “prediction” made? By polling the soldiers to be demobilized. [!] Meaning, a crucial military decision was made on the basis of social “scientists” asking soldiers what they wanted.19
Yet more horrifying, the poll, which relied upon a point system of weighted factors such as length of service, time in combat and “other factors” determining the demobilization of soldiers, was devised by the Research Branch of General Osborn’s Information and Education Division,20 which was composed of — that’s right — civilian social “scien-
•	. W
tists.
The traditional method of demobilizing an army relied upon the successive release of entire units which left intact the strength of units yet to be demobilized. That secured the integrity of remaining units in the event of renewed hostilities. Instead, General Osborn’s social “scientists” of the Social Science Research Council, and those assigned to his own Research Branch, set in motion a system of demobilization of individual soldiers based on the weighted factors
those soldiers to be demobilized agreed upon, as outlined in The American Soldier.21
Objections from professional soldiers to demobilization of individual soldiers instead of by unit were dismissed by the social “scientists” as “The conservatism... ascribed to the professional soldier... broken down by the imaginative grasp of the abler leaders. ”22 Those “abler leaders” were connoted to mean president Truman and General George C. Marshall. But the social “scientists” really meant themselves. And because those social “scientists” and the foundations to which they belonged never deviated from the Communist Party USA line, which was dictated by the Comintern,21 “The idea of a point system for demobilization... conceived in the Research Branch...”24 played right into Soviet policy.
The author of an anonymous article in the March 1949 issue of Items, the official publication of the Social Science Research Council, stated, “The point system was... ‘sold’ to the Army on the basis of attitude studies...” of over half a million soldiers who were guinea pigs for sociologists and statistical analyses.25The predictable result was chaos and the utter debilitation of the US Army, which reached its nadir of combat effectiveness, not coincidentally, in 1949; just prior to America’s first deliberate-no-win war — Korea.26 Paul Lazarsfeld, a “consultant” to The American Soldier project called its results “without parallel ift the history of the social sciences.”27 He had a point. It was the first victory of inherently communistic social “science” over sober military policy. The second victory followed close on its heels.
Already crippled by individual demobilization, the debilitation of the Army was magnified, not coincidentally, from the consequences of “social engineering” through compulsory racial integration underTruman’s EO 9981. But our nomenklatura had another problem; a generation of patriotic, white combat veterans. So they had them recalled, and sent them to Korea to die.
The American Soldier project... was the first victory of inherently communistic social “science” over sober military policy.
Myrdal, The Destroyer
Truman’s executive order integrating the military “without regard to race, color, religion, or national origin” was in large degree influenced by Gunnar Myrdal s execration, An American Dilemma. Myrdal, a Swedish Communist, was commissioned in 1936 by the Carnegie Foundation (beginning to notice a pattern here, folks?) to the tune of $250,000 to direct a study of “race problems” in the South — said problems caused by Communist agitation. Remember British Communist Israel Cohen's 1912 “subtle” strategy for “inflaming the Negro minority against the Whites," by which communists would “instill in the Whites a guilt complex for their exploitation of the Negroes?" The I American Dilemma was the offensive move to demand “social justice” after two decades of cultural, academic and legal agitation by the NAACP, social “scientists,” the ACLU, and Communist front organizations. “Since Sweden had never known a Negro problem, it was presumed Dr. Myrdal would be ‘unprejudiced."’2* That he would be “unprejudiced” was what Myrdal said in the introduction to The American Dilemma. He lied, of course. Gunnar Myrdal was chosen to head the Carnegie study because he was a Communist, and because he, like the directorship of the Carnegie Foundation, held a deep and abiding hatred for America.29
The Carnegie Foundation gave Myrdal a free hand in selecting his research staff, which consisted exclusively of social “scientists” from foundations represented by their “distribution agent," The Social Science Research Council. (Sound familiar?) The staff members fanned out across the South, aided and abetted by the NAACP,50 collecting mountains of data and statistics, which then were sent forward to Myrdal s academic “social engineers who compiled it according to already decided upon conclusions. In 1944, after six years of“social research” along with concomitant agitprop among Negroes in the South, the 1400 page An American Dilemma was published.51
Its conclusions? About America in general, the Communist Myrdal decreed that the Constitution contradicts the Declaration of Independence and its authorship was “dominated by property consciousness and designed as a defense against the democratic spirit let loose during the Revolution. 32 Americans maintained a “nearly fe-tishistic cult of the Constitution.”33 Also, “This is unfortunate since the 150-year-old Constitution is in many respects im-
that word hadn’t been popularized by Communists yet) causes Negro failure — is posited, then data are collected to support it. Forget the true scientific method whereby contradictory evidence results in a change to the hypothesis; “Such a view has unwarrantedly acquired the prestige of being a particularly ‘hard-boiled’
scientific approach.”37 Rather, said Myrdal, “directing and proportioning” the research uis the task ojsocial engineering 38 to bring about the desired so-
The American Dilemma was the offensive move to demand “social justice” after
two decades of cul-practical and ill- fural, academic and le- c*a* change. [Em-
suited for modern	i •	•	i	.%	phasis	added.]
conditions.... Mod-	agitation	b^ thC	It was no accident
ern historical studies NAACIy Social Scien- that the activist phase reveal that the Con- tistS,” the ACLU, and of the so-called “civil stitutional Conven- Communist front or-
tion was nearly a plot	.	.
against the common	gamzations.
people."34 Does any
of this sound familiar? It should; it's been the dominant theme of the “civil rights” movement and their Communist “social justice” theorists since
1945.
On “the Negro problem” Myrdal had this to say: “White prejudice and discrimination keep the Negro low in standards of living, health, education, manners and morals. This, in its turn, gives support to white prejudice. White prejudice and Negro standards thus mutually ‘cause’ each other.”35 That statement was the central argument of An American Dilemma. Myrdal’s circular argument is based on the premise that Negroes and Europeans are, as groups, inher-l cntly equal in aU respects, particularly in intelligence and psychology, and that environment (i.e., economic “justice”) is the sole determinant of success or failure. That is also the existential premise of metaphysical-egalitarianism — the societal premise of communism. In short, if one group fails (in this case Negroes) it is only because another group (in this case whites) is “prejudiced ” and “discriminates” against the failing group. Indeed, Myrdal admits that that “hypothesis concerning... dynamic causation”36 was the basis for An American Dilemma. In other words, I first the hypothesis — white “preju-l dice” (today it’s called “racism,” hut
rights movement began shortly after the publication o(An American Dilemma. Nor was it an accident An American Dilemma was used as justification for activism; both by “civil rights” leaders in the South, and the federal government against the South. What Mrydal found most disturbing about the South, was its passion for individual liberty, “an intense distrust of, and, indeed, downright aversion to, any exercise of authority beyond the barest minimum essential to the existence of the social organism. ”39This was seen by Communist social engineer Myrdal to be a “relatively low degree of respect for law and order,”40 a sort of mental illness: “The South has not yet reached the objectivity and legality of the mature democracy.”41 (Translating communese into plain English, “democracy” has always meant communism, “objectivity" meant social and economic planning, and “legality” meant centralized authoritarian government.)
Myrdal also resented the almost universal voluntary benevolence of Southern whites toward Negroes: “The Southerner is proud of his benevolence toward Negro dependents but would resent vigorously their demanding this aid as a right.”42 (Emphasis added.] This is an extremely important passage in context with the I above-mentioned quote about white Southern passion for individual lib- I erty and property rights. For Myrdal
blatantly inferred that voluntary white benevolence was a form of paternalistic oppression, connoted that Negro demands for “aid” from whites who might have otherwise volunteered it was a Negro “right,” that very proper white resentment of Negro demands for “aid” was (in today’s Communist lexicon) “racist,” and that white Southerners should be compelled to “aid” Negroes.The only way that compulsion could possibly be exercised was “objectively,” by “legality,” through “mature democracy;” meaning., direct authoritarian government social engineering and economic intervention. Which were (and still are today) precisely the communistic means of “civil rights” activism.
However, that pesky (for “civil rights” activists) Constitution, “dominated by property consciousness and designed as a defense against the democratic spirit... a plot against the common people,” and greatly eroded by the XIVth, XVth, and XVIIth amendments, states’ rights kept getting in the way of “social justice” and “progress.” It would take Communists another 25 years of “non-violent” struggle to inflict the anti-liberty anti-property collectivist-egalitarian aims of the “civil rights movement” upon America. But there was “social engineering” hope for an integrationist model of a “tolerant” society constructed on a model of authoritarianism and compulsion. The United States military.
And the only way the military could be integrated was, by logical extension, through compulsion by a dictatorial decree from its com-mander-in-chief.
Integration Through Communist Blackmail
During the mobilization for Wilson’s War, psychologists suggested that they could help the “war effort” by testing recruits so they could be graded and slotted into those positions in the Army for which they were most suited. Between September 1917 and January 1919,1,726,966 men were tested, and the results were published in 1920.43 The 890 page report, Mental Tests in the American Army, edited by
Lieutenant Colonel R.M. Yeakes, compared the intelligence test results among four groups; Negroes from the North, Negroes from the South, whites from the North, and whites from the South. “Negroes and Europids were considered separately in it. In accordance with the usual custom [in America at the time] the former name was taken to include all who showed any physical evidence of Negrid ancestry.”44 Two types of tests were given. The “alpha” test tested (what is know today as) “g,” or general cognitive intelligence.45 The “beta” test was designed for illiterates. A letter grade was assigned for intelligence ranges; “E, too inferior for ordinary employment in the Army,” to “A, very superior.^The combined alpha and beta test results of conscripts from four Northern states with the highest scoring Negroes and four Southern states with the lowest scor-| ing whites were compared. What was the result? “[W]hen the fullest information was brought to bear,
...the Europids of the four states in which they did worst surpassed the Negroes of the four states in which the latter did £«/.”47[Original emphasis.]
It was therefore largely on the basis of recruit testing that Army units remained segregated, with whites generally being assigned to duties and units requiring higher levels of cognitive intelligence (artillery, machine-gun units, infantry, etc.) and Negroes generally being largely assigned to duties and units requiring less intelligence (transportation, supply, construction, etc.), although Negro infantry units fought — some with distinction — with French colonials.
Objectively assigning conscripts to duties appropriate to their intelligence reinforced the rationale of unit segregation, although “derogatory rumors about [Negro] behavior as soldiers....”48 served as fertile ground for Bolshevik propagandizing among Negro units assigned to French sectors, particularly during the Communist led French Army mutinies of 1917. After being subjected for almost a year to front-line Bolshevik agitprop about “democracy” and “social
justice” while in France, which was reinforced by Fabian Socialist President Wilson’s blatantly un-American
w
propagandistic pronouncements about squandering American soldier’s lives in a European war to “make the world safe for democracy,” Bolshevized Negro veterans began agitating for “democracy” and “social justice” in the United States after they were demobilized. In many re-spects that agitation fueled the nascent “civil rights" movement, in that a wave of race riots swept the North. “After 1917 an attempt was made to organize and release the [Communist lead] Negro protest into a political movement allied to radical [Communist lead] white labor.... Such young Negro socialists as... A Philip Randolph... preached labor solidarity across the race linc.”4V A. Philip Randolph was also the blackmailer who Truman appeased by issuing EO 9981 in July 1948.
“Socialist" Asa Philip Randolph’s career as a Communist labor agitator began with his membership in the Intercollegiate Socialist Society. The ISS was renamed League for Industrial Democracy in 1921 and its collegiate chapters were placed under an umbrella organization called the Intercollegiate Liberal League (renamed the Student League for Industrial Democracy in 1928). The slogan of LID was: “Education for a new social order based on production for use and not for profit,”50 and its purpose was to “make Socialism acceptable [to Americans] under other names....”'1 Within a year of its founding in September, 1905, the Fabian Socialist Intercollegiate Socialist Society organized the Rand School of Social Science (renamed thcTamiment Institute in 1935) in 1906, to fulfill “The educational work of the Socialist Party...," which had been organized that same year by American Socialists, and Jewish Communist immigrants who had fled Russia following their abortive 1905 Revolution.
“The [Rand] school had a very definite object — that of providing an auxiliary or specialized agency to serve the Socialist and Trade Union
It was therefore largely on the basis of recruit testing that Army units remained segregated...
Movement of the United States in an educational capacity — to offer to... the adherents of the movement instruction and training along lines calculated to make them more efficient workers for the Cause....”52The “Cause" was communizing America — gradually, incrementally, by infiltration of Fabian Socialists into government, schools and universities, the press, and the courts in order to agitate for and implement “social justice.” The “instruction and training” provided by the Rand School of Social Science was in agitation-propaganda (agitprop) techniques. Asa Philip Randolph was a labor agitprop instructor and lecturer at the Rand School of Social Science.
Randolph organized the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters in 1925 and was an active member of over a dozen Communist front organizations throughout the 1930s and ‘40s. In February 1936 he became the first president of the National Negro Conference. The NNC grew out of the May 1935 Howard University Conference on the Status of the Negro Under the New Deal.51 After the May 1935 conference, “an organizing committee of‘every shade of political and religious opinion' among blacks... issued a call for a National Negro Congress."54 The National Negro Congress was a Communist Party operation from the beginning. Publicly, its purpose was to “mobilize American Negroes to fight for decent wages, education opportunities, unemployment insurance, relief [welfare]. ,.”ss farm subsidies and other vacuous “civil rights" to combat “manifestations of injustice,” meaning Separate But Equal. However, at an October 1935 organizing meeting by the Party’s Negro cadres, the NNC s real purpose was discussed and agreed upon. The plan was to “invite as broad a sample of black organizations as possible, including churches and fraternal groups [in order to] ‘go into these organizations and get [Communist] rank and file delegates over the heads of the leaders."*56
At the first National Negro Congress in February 1936, Randolph was selected as president by Communist Party organizers, with John P. Davis (a Communist Party front organizer) as secretary of the Congress. In his opening address, Randolph de-
nounced the “hard deceptive and brutal capitalist order”57 that exploited Negroes, and stated that “the maneuvering and disposing of the forces of Negro peoples and their sympathetic allies against the enemies can only be effectively worked I out through the tactics and strategy of the united front.”58 Just in case you missed it, “the enemies” meant whites and capitalism. The second meeting of the National Negro Congress, held in October 1937, saw heavy representation from the Communist run Congress of Industrial Organizations (C.I.O. — sound familiar?) and several other unions, and close ties I were established with the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
At the third NNC meeting in April 1940, Randolph refused candidacy for a third term as president, expressing that he had “discovered” that the National Negro Congress was “deliberately packed with Communists and C.I.O. members who were either Communists or sympathizers with Communists.”59 Which, for Randolph, who was a radical socialist, was like the pot calling the kettle black. What he was doing was distancing himself from the Communist Party, which was then in turmoil over the Hitler-Stalin pact, and positioning himself early as a “civil rights" and “labor” leader in response to the rapidly expanding “war industry" on the eve of Roosevelt s War.
In January 1941, Randolph began organizing the March-on-Washing-ton Movement as a mass Negro protest against the “failure to let the Negro participate fully in war production."60 Roosevelt panicked “for reasons of internal and external policy”61 and summoned Randolph to the White House in June 1941 to prevent the March. The “negotiations” lasted until Roosevelt promised to sign an executive order abolishing discrimination in defense industries and government. On 25 June 1941, Roosevelt issued Executive Order
8802. EO 8802 began with a general statement “to the effect that there shall be no discrimination in employment of workers in defense industries or in the government because of‘race, creed, color, or national origin.’"62
(Does that sound familiar?) That clause was put into all defense contracts, and the order further directed that there would be no discrimi-nation in defense training programs. Finally, EO 8802 established the President’s Committee on Fair Employment Practices to investigate violations of the order, although the Committee was moribund by the end of 1942, and industries continued to list job availability by race.
EO 8802, however, did set a precedent that was not lost on Asa Philip Randolph. What could not be accomplished constitutionally, or in the face of heated congressional opposition — compulsory integration and government dolling ofgroup “rights — could be accomplished by threats, agitprop, and dictatorial decree.
The War to Save Stalin
Mobilization for Roosevelt’s War resulted in a sharp increase in the numbers of Negroes who were drafted or who volunteered for the Army and Navy. Between Wilson’s War and Roosevelt s War, the number of Negroes in the peacetime military was restricted by the 1866 act of Congress that fixed peacetime Negro military personnel to two infantry and two cavalry regiments. Negro participation in the National Guard fluctuated according to various state policies but remained low. The Navy had stopped recruiting Negroes in about 1920 except for limited duties, and at the beginning of mobilization there were no Negroes in the Marine Corps. “In 1940 there were only two Negro combat officers in the regular Army and none in the Navy. Out of over 100,000 officers in the Army Reserve, only 500
What could not be accomplished constitutionally, or in the face of heated congressional opposition — compulsory integration and government dolling of group “rights” — could be accomplished by threats, agitprop, and dictatorial decree.
were Negro.”63 On 01 December 1941, General George C. Marshal (remember him?), in one of his rare lucid moments, stated that “the settlement of vexing racial problems cannot be permitted to complicate the tremendous task of the War Department....”64 In other words, the nonpolitical War Department refused to be an authoritarian closed-society laboratory for “social engineers,” and soldiers continued to run the Army. The “social engineering” function would later be left to the more compliant, apolitical and “social conscious” civilian-run Department of Defense.
Following the experience and rationale of recruit and draftee intelligence testing from Wilson’s War, the formal segregation of the military was retained. However, in October 1940, the War Department issued a directive that Negro military strength “should be increased in such a way that Negroes would constitute the same proportion in the Army as the general population of the country... [and be] represented in all branches of the Army.”65 The Army retained unit segregation, assigning Negroes, in the main, to engineer and quartermaster units, even though the difference in racial composition of such units was less than that during Wilson’s War. (The famous “Red Ball Express” during the breakout from Normandy to Belgium was composed almost exclusively of Negro transportation units.) The overall performance of Negro (white commanded) combat units was, for practical purposes, as good or as indifferent as all-white units, however “all-Negro combat units... were systematically underutilized, and [all Negro] segregated units often had low effectiveness.”66
There were some remarkable exceptions, among the most obvious being the Tuskegee Airmen. The Tuskegee Airmen illustrate a critical point about the Communist ideal of “equality of opportunity’ that is deliberately ignored (and viciously suppressed) by Communist “social engineers” and egalitarian integra-tionists—in general, Negroes are not as intelligent as Caucasians. The Tuskegee Airmen were held to the same testing, entrance and training standards as white pilots. There was no “affirmative action" or recruiting
“goals.” They made it, or failed to make it, on their own intelligence and merits. Their washout (failure) rates during training were proportionally the same as white pilot trainees.67The point being, that the “problem” of so few Negroes in posi-l tions or responsibility and authority during Roosevelt’s War was not due to a lack of “opportunity,” rather, that so few Negroes could meet the standards required by those positions; which was entirely consistent with the intelligence testing performed during Wilson’s War. Those few who did meet the standards performed as well as whites. The objective reality of genetic differences in intelligence between the races, however, are the bane of Communist “social engineers.” So they simply ignore genetic differences and attribute Negro failure to “social causes;” to “prejudice” (today called “white racism”) and “environment” (today called “poverty”).
Roosevelt’s War was a hugely convenient agitprop campaign for Communist anti-Southern, anti-Separate But Equal “social engineers” and “civil rights” activists. The posting of Northern Negro draftees and recruits to military bases in the South, where the majority of military installations were located, was guaranteed to evoke reactions from the white citizens of Southern military towns. Northern Negro soldiers did not endear themselves to local communities by their occasional drunken rioting while on pass, and the ensuing ‘friction” was fertile ground for “civil rights” activists to propagandize about Southern “prejudice.” Following a Negro soldier riot in Alexandria, Louisiana, in which 30 Negro soldiers were wounded in an hour-long battle with Military Police, on the recommendation of Judge William H. Hastie,68 special investigator for the Secretary of War’s Advisory Committee on Negro Troop Policies, armed white Military Policemen who patrolled Negro quarters in Southern military towns were gradually replaced by un-
armed Negro MPs.69 (And you thought “community policing” was a current event.)
“What has particularly hurt the feelings [!] of the Negroes,” wrote Communist Myrdal in the midst of Roosevelt’s War, “has been the unwillingness [of whites] to give them proportional representation....”70 in the military— and he did mean at every level and position.That is, for example, precisely what today’s integra-tionists mean when they talk about the “subtle white racism” of persistent Negro “under-achievement” in compulsorily integrated schools — as if placing Negro children in white classrooms, or bussing white children to black schools, will result in an increase in Negro intelligence and ability via the voodoo of osmosis. Toward the end of Roosevelt’s War, the Army did ex-
w
periment with integrated units, and by all accounts they acquitted themselves well enough.'1 But conveniently omitted is mention that the experimental units were already tested and the leaven of Negro soldiers was to bring them up to operational strength.
The post war chaos inflicted upon the military resulting from the demobilization of individuals instead of entire units has already been discussed. An important point to bear in mind is that the demobilization point system forced upon the military by the social “scientists” of the communistic Social Science Research Council resulted in larger numbers of Negroes remaining in the military than would have normally been the case — due to the point system designed to cripple the military by demobilizing individual combat veterans (mostly white) first instead of support personnel (mostly Negro). To offset the demobilization drain of trained ratings, on 27 February 1946, Secretary of the Navy, James V. Forrestal, “ordered all naval ratings open to all sailors, regardless of race.”72 Following that lead, the War
Northern Negro soldiers did not endear themselves to local [Southern] communities by their occasional drunken rioting while on pass, and the ensuing ‘friction” was fertile ground for “civil rights” activists to propagandize about Southern “prejudice.”
Department, in a futile effort to put a band-aid on the hemorrhage of combat veterans published War Department Circular No. 124, Utilization of Negro Manpower in the Postwar Army Policy. It stipulated that Negroes remaining in the Army were to be employed “on a more professional level,” meaning in positions for which they were neither qualified trained for.
A Model For Society
nor
During demobilization large numbers of Negro draftees elected to remain in the military at the same time white draftees
W
were leaving in droves. For the most part the reason was economic. Housing was “free,” the food was mostly decent, duties — once you got the hang of the routine — were predictable, the pay steady, and “poor Negroes... raised their level of living considerably by entering the armed forces” or by remaining on active duty.71 Units were still segregated, but, as we've seen, in 1946 the Navy opened all ratings to sailors regardless of race, and the Army followed suit.This was an important development because it essentially tossed aside the tradition, since Wilsons War, of assigning duties according to intelligence testing. In other words, in order to offset the drain of trained personnel resulting from the deliberately destructive demobilization plan outlined in the Carnegie Foundation sponsored “social engineering” study. The American Soldier, the Army and Navy were forced to reassign less qualified personnel to fill duty positions that were vacated as a result of individual demobilization.
This expansion of “opportunities for Negro sailors and soldiers led to an increase in their expectations. Thus the paradox of “rising expectations” without corresponding ability lent further metaphysical-egalitarian fuel to “civil rights” agitators who were demanding full integration. “Military service contributes to rising expectations and, therefore, to more dear-cut demands among Negro veterans.”74 (This is precisely what is happening today with the female infestation of the military. As more “opportunities” for which they
are fundamentally unqualified are “opened” to them by the dictates of egalitarian “social engineers,” female expectations of further “opportunities” drives their demands for further concessions and appeasement.)75 In 1947, Asa Philip Randolph (remember him?) and other Communist Negro “civil rights” leaders formed the Committee Against Jim Crow in Military Service and Training.
In 1948, in a blindly stupid attempt to appear “progressive” and to exploit the popularity of Gunnar Myrdal’s vile propaganda piece, An American Dilemma, the Republican Party’s presidential candidate, Thomas E. Dewey, declared the Republican Party’s opposition to segregation in the military.76 Meanwhile, Randolph was threatening President Truman with massive “civil disobedi-(he meant Negro rioting) and
ence
mutinous agitprop within the segregated military by his Committee Against Jim Crow in Military Service andTraining.Truman — instead of promising Randolph that the mob would be mercilessly ____
crushed, mutineers F shot, and agitators publicly hung — being ever the pragmatist, submitted to blackmail and stole the Republican Party’s blithering opposition to segregation in the military by issuing Executive Order 9981 on 26 July 1948, and formed the President’s Committee on __________
Equality of Treatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services (the Fahy Committee).
On 11 May 1949, the newly organized Air Force formally announced the end of unit segregation, and specified that all personnel actions would be considered solely on the basis of merit and ability. (Whenever there is a “social engineering” program designed to debilitate the military, or serve as a “model for America,” the Air Force has, since its inception, always been the first to embrace it. Perhaps a clue to the reason why lies in the name of its “equal opportunity”! program; Social Action and Equal Opportunity.)
Secretary of the Army Kenneth Royall testified before the President s Committee on Equality of Treatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services that the Army was “not an instrument for social evolution.”
In late June 1949, having already opened all ratings, the Navy followed suit. Rationally, and to its credit, the Army firmly resisted Executive Order 9981. Secretary of the Army Ken-neth Royall testified before the President s Committee on Equality ofTreatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services that the Army was “not an instrument for social evolution.”77 But the newly formed politicized apolitical Department of Defense was no place for nonpolitical War Department rationality. Secretary Royall was “urged” to resign, and on 30 September 1949 the Army opened all its training schools to Negroes. Several months later the Army approved integration of all units, which was finally accomplished in 1954. With great reluctance, the United States Marine Corps revoked its segregation policies on 18 November 1949.
Prior to Roosevelt s War the War Department, and the Army and Navy, although (rightly) answering to civilian authority, remained under the _____ control of professional
soldiers and sailors who ran the military. After the War to Save Stalin secured the future of international communism, it was deemed by our nomenklatura that military professionals who thought in terms of victory against Communists were a menace to “peace.” It wasn’t enough that the military answered to civilian authority. It had to be controlled by civilian authority. Thus, on 18 September 1947, President Truman established the Department of Defense.78 This placed layers of civilian appartchiki and “advisors" (in reality commissars) between national policy and those whose profession it was to prosecute it; and it placed a civilian run bureaucracy over the military to ensure that any winning strat-egy could be crippled at birth. And just make sure that professional soldiers would not get Bad Thoughts about victory, our nomenklatura established the Joint Chiefs of Staff to ensure their Chosen Few were in the
right positions thinking the right thoughts. The Department of Defense also inflicted a legion of foundation sponsored “ThinkTanks” and social “scientists” upon the military to ensure nomenklatura approved personnel and doctrinal policies would invade military decisions. In short, the newly apolitical military was thoroughly politicized.
Vehicle For Social Change
After Truman established the Department of Defense as the groundwork for a politicized military, our nomenklatura's next steps were to reduce the influence of professional military men in military matters, muzzle any dissent against deliberately destructive policies, and then use the military as an instrument for “social change.” These steps began with the Kennedy administration’s Secretary of Defense, Robert Strange McNamara. McNamara was a heavy financial and ideological supporter of both the Communist American Civil Liberties Union and the Communist-run NAACP, and later stated that he considered the Department of Defense to be a force for “social change.”79 So did the ACLU and the NAACP, so McNamara used Department of Defense directives to compel communistic “social change” in towns near military bases using base commanders as his commissars (call it Military Communism — Lenin did). But first, commanders who knew Communists in government (like McNamara) were the domestic threat they were sworn to defend the Constitution against had to be purged or silenced, and then replaced with apolitical toadies.
McNamara’s hatchet man was Adam Yarmolinsky. Yarmolinsky was a Destroyer. A Jewish Bolshevik lawyer who publicly admitted associations with Communist Party activities, he wrote a report in 1955, Case Studies in Personnel Security, from information supplied by the Communist National Lawyer’s Guild, that attacked federal employee loyalty and security programs resulting in the crippling the federal government’s ability to identify communists in gov-ernment. His report was imple-
mented by President Eisenhower. (There’s a shock.) During Kennedy’s presidential campaign, Yarmolinsky worked with Kennedy’s brother-in-law Sargent Schriver to screen administration appointees. As a result, over 70 Communist lawyers were placed in high-level government jobs. As McNamara's special assis-| tant, Yarmolinsky controlled appointments and patronage in the Department of Defense.80
One of Yarmolinsky’s first actions was to implement Attorney General Robert Kennedy’s directive to silence anti-communism in the military. The impetus for muzzling anti-Commu-nist sentiments by “Those Generals and Admirals who have lost confidence in democracy [sic] and who feel that the danger to our country is treason at home...”8' was the growing realization among them that the government was shot through with communists and socialists who were (and still are) intent on com-munizing America.
As a result of Yarmolinsky’s enthusiastic muzzling of the military, any public expression of anti-communism or patriotism was branded as “extremism” (sound familiar?) and punished by official censor, dismissal, or “suggestions” to retire. Anti-Communist writings were heavily censored by the Department of Defense to omit even the notion of victory against communists. “Lost confidence in democracy...” meant (and still means) the generals and admirals recognized that inherently anti-American democracy is but a transition stage to communism. With the expressed consent of President Kennedy, who was then “negotiating” anti-property, anti-liberty, federal “civil rights” dictatorship with Communist Negro “civil rights” leaders, McNamara and Yarmolinsky set about using the recently integrated military as a vehicle for social “change.”
Yarmolinsky took his clues from earlier efforts: “The accomplishments of the armed forces — in par-
ticular the achievement of racial integration without violence or undue social stress — have provided a social experiment [!!] that strengthened and validated the demands of both Negro and white civil rights leaders.82 [Emphases added.] The accomplishments he was referring to in part, were efforts by the military during the 1950s to secure access to segregated facilities in airports, bus and train stations for Negro soldiers in transit, and a minority opinion by Judge Charles Fahy (former head of Truman’s President’s Committee on Equality ofTreatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services) in 1953 citing military integration as justification for in-tegrating Washington D.C. restaurants. In fact, the 1950s military effort to secure access to segregated facilities for soldiers in transit resulted in the 1961 Interstate Commerce Commission order banning segregation in transportation terminals.8’
However, until the 1960s, military commanders maintained (quite properly) a hands-off policy toward communities near military installations. Then, in June 1963, the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (the Justice Department’s — read Robert Kennedy’s — commissariat) in conjunction with President Kennedy's collusion with Communist “civil rights” leaders, declared that off-base discrimination (meaning individual value judgment, freedom of association, and property rights) was detrimental to the morale and discipline of “significant numbers of military personnel” (they meant Negro soldiers). This assault on individual liberty was in response to a 1962 report by President Kennedy’s Gesell Committee which found that within the formal framework of the military, “substantial progress... [has been made] toward equality of treatment and opportunity,” but there still existed off-post discrimination that needed “urgent attention.”84 Washington lawyer Gerhard Gesell was
As a result of Yarmolinsky s enthusiastic muzzling of the military, any puolic expression of anti-communism or patriotism was branded as “extremism” (sound familiar?) and punished by official censor, dismissal, or “suggestions” to retire.
one of Yarmolinsky’s Jewish Bolshevik lawyer appointees, and was the chairman of Kennedy’s presidential Committee on Equal Opportunity in the Armed Forces. The report was written by a Negro official of the NAACP, and all seven members of the presidential Committee on Equal Opportunity in the Armed Forces were members of either the NAACP or Americans for Democratic Action — a Communist front organization.*5 The Department of Defense, always the willing pawn of “social engineers,” began planning the implementation of the Gesell Committee’s “recommendations.”
On 26 July [!] 1963, Secretary of Defense McNamara issued a Yarmolinsky written directive to all base commanders stating: “[every commander] has the responsibility to oppose discriminatory practices affecting his men and their dependents and to foster equal opportunity for them, not only in areas under his immediate control, but also in nearby communities where they might live or gather in off-duty hours.”86 [Emphasis added.] The Pentagon responded by ordering commanders of posts with more than 500 soldiers to submit quarterly “Off-Base Equal Opportunity Inventories,” and a new Department of Defense bureaucracy (a commissariat in reality), the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Civil Rights and Industrial Relations. This commissariat sent survey teams to “check on progress” around military installations. “Restaurants, bars, taxi services, even bathing beaches near military bases were de-segregated after military intervention, usually brought about by complaints of Negro servicemen.”*7 How was this “equal opportunity" miracle accomplished? By blackmail and extortion through what the Army is pleased to call the Disciplinary Control Board.The original purpose of Disciplinary Control Boards was to ensure the health and welfare of the troops. If, say, a bar was known to be a den of thieves that lured in soldiers so they could be rolled, a post commander would place it off limits to all military personnel. What was originally and reasonable intended to protect soldiers, however, was twisted and everted by Department of Defense Communist “civil rights” inves-
tigators to abrogate individual rights and punish property owners. In fact, military Disciplinary Control Boards were perverted by“civil rights” Bolsheviks as direct assaults on the very genesis and guarantor of individual rights and personal liberty — private property.
Here’s how the “civil rights” Disciplinary Control Boards worked. Let’s say it’s 1963 and you own a restaurant in, oh, Fayetteville, North Carolina, and a significant part of your business is serving soldiers returning to Fort Bragg after a night of carousing on Hay Street. Now, a business, any business, is private property. And any reasonable man knows a restaurant, as a private business, is not a “public place.” And let’s say, as the owner, you have personal objections to serving whites and Negroes together, so you set aside part of your dining area for Negroes, and post a sign designating the other part of your restaurant as “Whites
How was this “equal opportunity” miracle accomplished? By blackmail and extor-Only.” Have the*in- tion through what the dividual rights of Army is pleased to call anybody, white or the Disciplinary Con- threatened. If you
Colored, been vio-	iS™	<	comply, however,
lated by your action?	tlTOl	DOSirQ.	your property has
Now comes the blackmail part. The Disciplinary Control Board is convened. During the hearing, your protestations that you are exercising your individual and property rights are simply brushed aside and ignored.The Board finds that your business is engaged in “a pattern of discrimination inconsistent with Department of Defense policy” and therefore your business will be placed off-limits to all soldiers on Fort Bragg unless you integrate your dining area. In other words, unless you self-abrogate your individual and property rights, the Disciplinary Control Board will compel (white) soldiers — under penalty of Court Martial — not to frequent your business.
Now comes the extortion part. If you do not comply, your business is placed off limits, and the patronage ^	lost	will not only
cause you substantial loss of revenue, it will, eventually, put you out of business resulting in the loss of your livelihood — in other words, your very life has just been
of
The answer,| course, is “no.” Anybody who objects to your policy is free to eat elsewhere. There is no compulsion involved because upon voluntarily entering your property customers have agreed to abide by your rules and they are free to take their patronage elsewhere if they disagree with them. Suppose, one day, a Negro soldier from, oh, New York, strolls into your restaurant and deliberately sits at a whites-only table. You politely tell him the tables for Negroes are in the wing to his right, you’ll be pleased to serve him there, but would he kindly observe the proprieties of your business. He refuses to move. You insist. He gets belligerent. Exercising your right, you refuse to serve him and have him evicted. The Negro soldier agitator returns to base and files a complaint that he was “discriminated against” in your restaurant. A mandatory investigation is conducted and it’s found that other Negro soldiers have been refused service in your business for the same reason.
been effectively “obtained... by wrongful use of... threatened force”88 in that the base commander, in subservience to antiproperty Department of Defense Communist “civil rights” commissars, has dictated how vou may, or may
W	W	w
not, use your property.
Beginning to get the picture? Take a principled stand on your unalienable rights and some moral coward, cringing behind his nomenklatura approved Stars, will unconstitutionally threaten your livelihood by publishing a “policy letter” placing your business off limits to soldiers. Or submit to the Starred Coward’s “recommendation” and allow your property to be used according to his (unconstitutional) pleasure and thus self-abrogate your unalienable rights. That s quite a choice. And throughout the 1960s, that “choice" was called, by the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Civil Rights and Industrial Relations, spurred by the Communist run Civil Rights Commission, “a nationwide campaign of
voluntary compliance.”*9
Shortly after he resigned, Robert S. McNamara wrote in his filthy book, The Essence of Security, that social change was his conscious goal as Secretary of Defense: “During my seven years in the Department it seemed to me that those vast resources could contribute to the attack on our tormenting social problems... adding to the quality of our national life. For, in the end, poverty and social injustice may endanger our national security so much as any military threat.”90 Adam Yarmolinsky, McNamara’s Jewish Bolshevik hatchet man for attacking “social problems” and “social injustice” through the offices of the Department of Defense was more candid: “The establishment has assumed a certain responsibility for stimulating social change and has ceased to he content solely with maintaining the status quo of the society it serves [sic!].” [Emphases added.]
In other words, an anti-property “nationwide campaign of voluntary compliance,” whereby authoritarian military integration policies “stimulating social change” (policies written by Communists and implemented by Starred Sycophants) were impelled upon innocent civilians by military Disciplinary Control Boards that “ceased to be content solely with maintaining the status quo of... soci-ety.”That blatant extortionary threat to personal livelihood and property now sheds light on what the integra-tionist phrase describing the military’s policies on race, “A model for society,” really means — the utter abrogation of property rights, and compelled association. Compelled race association “in the military had come... through compliance with orders and did not necessarily reflect ‘free choices,’ and [white soldiers] tended to react with... hard-line attitudes toward recent civil disturbances... positive attitudinal changes may not be sustained in civilian life.”91 [Emphasis added.] In fact, many soldiers who had entered the military with an ambivalent attitude toward race in general and Negroes in particular, left the military with the opposite of the “positive attitudinal changes” compulsory integration, enforced by regulation, was intended to impart.92
For Russian Bolsheviks the Party
was the vanguard of the Communist revolution. For American Bolsheviks, it was, and still is, university and Department of Defense sociologists.
NOTES:
'Dr. Raymond Moley, How to Keep Our Liberties: A Program for Political Action (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1952), p. 116. Dr. Raymond Moley was a Roosevelt “Brain Trust" kingpin who quit the New Deal when he discovered it was being run by communists. He was a strident critic of both Roosevelts “comfortable" New Deal relationship with Communists, and Trumans “Fair Deal” which was also run by Communists.
2Loc. cit.
’Joseph A. Fax, “Ex-Brain Truster Takes Dim View of it All," quoting Raymond Moley in a review of How to Keep Our Liberty, in the Washington Star, 27 February 1952.
■•I am no longer convinced there is any significant difference between “liberals," “welfare statists,” “fascists," and Communists. Their various methods of implementing totalitarianism can be detailed, but those are merely distinctions of detail. They’re all socialists. The result of their collectivist ideology (when taken to its logical conclusion) must always result in communism. See: Ludwig von Mises, Socialism: An Economic and Sociological Analysis (Indianapolis: Liberty Fund, 1981), generally. ’Honorable Ross R. Barnett, Governor of Mississippi, “The Rape Of Our Constitution And Civil Rights,” American Opinion, September 1963, IV:8:20. 6Shelley v. Kraemer, 334 U.S. 1 (1948). 7Balint Vazsonyi, America's 30 Years War: Who is Winning? (Washington, Regnery, 1998), p. 133.
8See: E. Merrill Root, Brainwashing in the High Schools (New York: Devin-Adair Company, 1958) generally. A good example is: J. Allen Smith, The Spirit of American Government (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1965). When communists use the word “democracy" they are really referring to “democratic socialism,” which, in reality, means communism.
’See:	Paul M. Minus, Walter
Rauschenbusch: American Reformer (New York: MacMillan, 1988), for a general treatment.
10"A11 my life I have sneered at the natural rights of man.” Oliver Wendell Holmes, 1916.
"Quoted by Representative Ashmore, Congressional Record, 07 June 1957: p.8559. There is some controversy regarding the origins and legitimacy of this quote. I used this quote during my presentation at the American Renaissance Conference, 28 - 30 August 1998. Afterward, Mr. Bill Regnery told me that he had spoken by telephone with Rep. Ashmore, who is now in his 90s. Mr. Regnery told me that when he asked about the quote. Rep. Ashmore became “agitated. “Whether it was because he’d made it up, or he’d just gotten so much flak about it over the years, I couldn’t tell,” Mr. Regnery said. I’m still trying to locate a copy of Cohen’s book. I kept the quote in the text (with the above caveat) because it is both compelling, and it does accurately describe how Communists have used race conflict in place of class conflict in America.
,2The best general treatment of this process is: Rene A. Wormser, Foundations: Their Power and Influence (New York: Devon-Adair Company, 1958).
"Wormser, Foundations'. 105.
"From the first issue of Items, the official journal of The Social Science Research Council, quoted in: Wormser, Foundations: 94.
"General Marshall owed his appointment as General of the Army to Harry Hopkins, who, during the New Deal, was the Works Progress Administrations’ unofficial “liaison” with the Communist Party USA, and who, during the buildup to Roosevelt’s War, was in charge of Lend Lease to the Soviet Union, to whom Hopkins transferred over $60 billion (1941 dollars, folks!) in materiel to the USSR — including US gold reserves, nuclear technology and enriched uranium. In reward, Truman sent Hopkins to Moscow in May 1945 to negotiate the formation of the United Nations with Joseph Stalin. The rest is history.
"Ibid., 106. The Carnegie Corporation, and its foundations, have a long record of financing and sponsoring Communist fronts. For the best general overview see: Francis X. Gannon, Biographical Dictionary of the Left, Volume I (Boston, Western Islands: 1969), pp. 26 - 40.
,7Wormser, Foundations: 106.
'*Dr. A.H. Hobbs, Reece Committee Report, p. 72; quoted in Wormser, Foundations: 105.
"This is the standard practice of the Army Research Institute, whose social “science” “studies” are swallowed whole cloth and then acted upon by both the
Vol. IV, No. 4
47
Department of the Army and their useful idiots, the Starred Cowards.
^Forerunner of today’s Army Research Institute.
2,The practice of rotating, transferring, replacing casualties with, reinforcing units with, and demobilizing individual soldiers is still in use.
"From the introduction of The American Soldier, quoted in: Wormser, Foundations’. 107.
2<For a general treatment of how the activities of American communists were largely directed by Moscow’s congresses of the Communist International, see: Harvey Klehr, et al.. The Secret World of American Communism (New Haven, Yale University Press, 1995).
2''Wormser, Foundations: 107.
’’Quoted in Wormser, Foundations’. 110.
26Since the end of Roosevelt’s War, the US State Department (our Comintern) at the behest of their Council on Foreign Relations masters (our Central Committee), has decreed that it is forbidden to defeat communists. Indeed, throughout the 1950s, '60s and '70s, the word “victory" when juxtaposed against Communist enemies, was routinely “blue penciled" (i.c. censored) from official military documents. An excellent treatment of this subject is: Dr. Susan L.M. Huck, “How We Lose The Will And Ability To Fight," American Opinion, October 1972.
r7lbid., 110.
"Rose L. Martin, Fabian Freeway:High Road to Socialism in the U.S.A. (Boston, Western Islands, 1966), p. 370.
,9Gunnar Myrdal was also a personal friend of Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter.
wGunnar Myrdal, An American Dilemma: The Negro Problem and Modern Democracy (New York, Harper & Row, 1944). Page Ivi. Of the 76 people listed as being involved in the project, the FBI identified 41 as being either members of the Communist Party USA, known Communist sympathizers, or active members of Communist front organizations.
31 [Editors speculation: For a 1400 page book to be published, let alone go through multiple printings, during the height of a planned “war economy" where every stick of wood is accounted for, is unparalleled. The Planning Board, controlled by Roosevelt social-
ists, knew is was coming, and approved and “gated" the resources for it at least a year in advance.]
“Myrdal, An American Dilemma: 7. Myrdal’s Communist interpretations of the Constitutions implicit (and deliberate) defense of property were largely derived from: Charles Beard, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States (New York, The Macmillan Company, 1913). Beard was the “faculty advisor" (i.e. cell leader) at Columbia University for the Intercollegiate Socialist Society, a Fabian socialist group that was the forerunner of the League for Industrial Democracy and the Student’s League for Industrial Democracy, which sprung an offshoot in 1962 called Students for a Democratic Society. Remember them? They’re the ones who turned campuses into Negro revolutionary sanctuaries during the 1960s.
“Ibid., 12.
MLoc. cit., 12.
“Ibid., 75.
“Loc. cit., 75.
“Ibid., 77.
“Loc. cit., 77. An American Dilemma was cited in its entirety by the Warren Court in its Brown v. Board of Education brief.
“Myrdal, An American Dilemma: 458; quoting Wilbur J. Cash, The Mind of the South (New York, Alfred A. Knopf, 1941), p. unk.
“Mayrdal, An American Dilemma: 14. ■"Ibid., 459.
42 Loc. cit.
“John R. Baker, Race (New York, Oxford University Press, 1974). Page 474. The report was: Yoakum, C.M. & Yerkes, R.M., Mental Tests in the American Army (London, Sidgwick & Jack-son, 1920).
■“Loc. cit.
“See: Arthur Jensen, The g Factor (New York: Preager Publishers, 1998) for a comprehensive study of “g" (i.e. general intelligence).
“Baker, Race: 474.
“Ibid., 480.
“Myrdal, An American Dilemma: 745.
^Francis X. Gannon, Biographical Die- I tionary of the Left, Volume I (Boston: I Western Islands, 1969), p.126.
For a fascinating exercise in how I Communists manipulate language in I order to draw more and more people I into their front organizations as those I organizations grow, consider how the I League for Industrial Democracy’s slo- I gan evolved:
“For a time during the 1920’s, [LID] I boldly stated that: ‘The League for Industrial Democracy is a militant edu- I cational movement which challenges those who would think and act for a new social order based on production for use and not for profit.’ Evidently, someone in the higher echelons of the LID felt that the phrase “militant education movement" smacked too much of extremism and a change was made: ‘The League for Industrial Democracy is a membership society engaged in education for a new social order based on production for use and not for profit.’Then, the obviously Marxian phrase, ‘production for use and not for 1
Crofit,’ was dropped as the description ecame: ‘The League for Industrial Democracy is a non-profit educational organization committed to a program of education in behalf of increasing democracy in our economic, political and cultural life.’Today, the LID’s letterhead carries the simple phrase: ‘Education for increasing democracy in our education, political and cultural life.’" (Loc. cit.).
‘‘'Rose L. Martin, Fabian Freeway:High Road to Socialism in the U. S.A. (Boston: Western Islands, 1966), p.211.
S2From the Rand School of Social Science’s early promotional literature, quoted in: Gannon, Biographical Dictionary of the Left, Volume IV(1973): 207.
Harvey Klehr, The Heyday of American Communism: The Depression Decade (New York: Basic Books, 1984), p. 345.
S4Ibid., 346.
S5Loc. cit.
'‘Loc. cit.: n.55, quoting the FBI file of James Ford, Work er’s Ex-Servicemans League, who was a Bonus March agitator. (FBI File 61-6728-151).
5'Quoted in: Gannon, Biographical Dictionary of the Left: Volume IV: 68.
58Loc. cit.
s,Quoted in:Gannon, Biographical Dictionary of the Left: Volume IV: 69.
“’Myrdal, An American Dilemma: 414.
“Ibid., 749.
Vol. IV, No. 4
6,Loc. cit.
62Loc. cit.
“Ibid., 420.
“Ulysees Lee, The Employment of Negro Troops (Washington D.C.: Office of the Chief of Military History, United States Army, 1966), p. 140.
‘’Judge William Hastie, Special Assistant, War Department, “The Negro in the Army Today” (Typewritten statement, 1940).
“Adam Yarmolinsky, The Military Establishment: Its Impacts on American Society (New York: Harper & Row, 1971), p. 340. The quote cited is intended to connote that segregated Negro units performed, in general, poorly and were “underutilized ’ because the were segregated, when in fact they were “underutilized” because they performed poorly.
67Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson, From Trust to Terror: Radical Feminism is Destroying the U.S. Navy (Camp Springs, Atkinson Associates Press, 1997), pp. 36 - 39.
‘"William H. Hastie, a former federal
J'udge in the Virgin Islands, resigned in anuary 1943 because the Army had still not acted on his social engineering directive that Negro military strength “should be increased in such a way that Negroes would constitute the same proportion in the Army as the general population of the country... [and be] represented in all branches of the Army.” He was replaced by his assistant, Mr. Truman Gibson. (Myrdal, An American Dilemma: n.422.)
‘’Myrdal, An American Dilemma: 421. General Benjamin O. Davis, the first Negro general officer in the U.S. Army, served as an inspector for the Inspector General and later forjudge Hastie.
70Loc. cit.
’’Yarmolinsky, The Military Establishment: 341.
72Loc. cit..
7tMyrdal, An American Dilemma: 419.
^Yarmolinsky, The Military Establishment: 350. This notion of “rising expectations” is, of course, Communist propaganda specifically designed to draw attention away from Communist leadership in and agitprop activities among “disaffected” groups in order to give tne illusion of a somehow miraculous “spontaneity" of “class consciousness” and “grass roots” movements.
7SIndeed, feminist agitators both within the military, and their ideologues outside it, are quick to draw parallels between “institutional resistance to integrating the military” in the 1940s and ‘50s, and resistance to the debilitating effect of women in the military today. Parasites always curse the host for resenting their parasitism. Resentment of parasitism is today referred to by the military’s commissars as the “white male club."
76Columnist Dr. Samuel Francis refers to the Republican Party as the “Stupid Party." I prefer to consider them the Menshevik Party, but he does have a strong argument.
77Afro-American Military History Association Conference Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of EO 9981, University of Missouri, Kansas City, 25-26 July 1998.
78I call the Department of Defense, uNarodnyy Komissariat Oborony,’’ (Peoples Commissariate of Defense). It’s been run by Council on Foreign Relations apparatchik since its formation.
7’Yarmolinsky, The Military Establishment: 352
“Gannon, Biographical Dictionary of the Left: Volume I: 608.
•’William E. Mallett, The Reuther Memorandum: Its Applications and Implications (Washington: Liberty Lobby, 1963), p. 53. The Kennedy administration policy silencing anti-communism in the military was written by Victor Reuther, leader of the Communist organized United Auto Workers (UAW), and Democrat Party boss.
“Yarmolinsky, The Military Establishment: 350.
“Ibid., 351.
“Ibid., n.350.
“Gannon, Biographical Dictionary of the Left: Volume I: 16. Americans for Democratic Action was simply a renamed Union for Democratic Action. UDA was formed as a Communist International (Comintern) front. UDA’s strategist was Louis Farina, who was chairman of the first Communist convention in the Western Hemisphere, held in Chicago in 1919. Farina later served on the Communist International. In 1934, Farina, under the alias “Lewis Corey” wrote a book entitled The Decline of American Capitalism wherein he declared, “American civilization depends upon Communist revo-
lution... the victory of the American working class [sic] will make a mighty contribution to the building of world socialism and a new world civilization. [Empasis added.] Guess who was a cofounder of UDA? That’s right; Asa Philip Randolph.
“Yarmolinsky, The Military Establishment: 351.
87Loc. cit.
“Black’s Law Dictionary, 1990: “Extortion.”
"’Yarmolinsky, The Military Establishment: 352.
‘"'Robert S. McNamara, The Essence of Security (New York: Harper & Row, 1968).
’’Robert F. Holz, “Negro-White Relationships in the Armed Forces.” Unpublished paper, 1963, quoted in: Yarmolinsky, The Military Establishment, 349. Holz was a professor of sociology at Boston University.
“Yarmolinsky, The Military Establishment, 349.
Vol. IV, No. 4
49
I
The RESISTER
Who Placed American Men in a Psychic “Iron Cage?”
(Part II)
The Thread of Cultural
Marxism
by
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson
Part 1 in this series, “The Radical Feminist Thread” [Vol.IV, lNo.2], was described in terms of its antecedent in the idealist Transcendental generation of the early-to-mid 1800s. In that essay I observed that if the feminization of our culture, driven primarily by radical feminists bent on destroying hierarchical male-dominated culture, was the only aspect of American life that appeared ominous, we could probably rest assured that the cycles of American history would take care of it. But radical feminism is not the only lin-
m
ear thread in the complex nonlinear fabric of American civilization. The warp that supports the radical feminist weave in this fabric is “cultural Marxism,” which has the potential to drive this chaotic1 system into a precipitous disintegration. This essay is an attempt to describe the effects of cultural Marxism in American life.
Suppose Societal Degeneracy...
Suppose you awoke one morning and realized that TV news, sports, and political pundit personalities, television sitcoms, television and Hollywood movies (plots and leading characters), were dominated by females and minorities of various
races and ethnicities. You’d notice that authority figures are now more likely to be portrayed by women and minorities, rather than by white men (who are portrayed as buffoons). Turn on the television; it is the age we now live in.
Suppose you visited any major university in America and perused the
curriculum. You __________________
would find a vast spawning ground of non-content subjects and even whole departments set up to deal with everything from women’s “studies,” to race-based “culture studies,” to sexual orientation studies,” to “stud-
If you have a son or grandson in the U.S. military, you will undoubtedly find him subject to frequent, periodic “sensitivity training”
sessions aimed at purging him of his chauvinist cul-ies” of the popular tural attitudes toward| culture. Just the women and minorities considered
natural dynamics of a free society seek-ing its right to the pursuit of happiness? Not by a long shot. Classic academic disciplines are “white male” vehicles of oppression. Relativism is now the watchword of “higher education.”
Suppose you have just been terminated from your job because the affirmative action policies of your
employer demanded a “remedy” that gave preference to women or minorities. Worse yet, suppose white Americans of European descent were not even allowed to apply for positions in universities or the workplace reserved specifically for women, or minorities, or both. Or, if allowed [!] to compete, these unfortunates would be at the bottom of the “preference” scale used to judge entrance. Experiencing this, you would feel right at home in America as it enters the 21st century.
Suppose you asked your children or grandchildren what they were learning in public school. You would most likely find that they were being subjected to teaching methods that explore the child’s feelings, and build their “self esteem,” even in such traditional disciplines as math, science, and English. You would also find that their test scores in national aptitude tests are declining — as they have continuously over the past three decades.
If you have a son or grandson in the U.S. military, you will undoubtedly find him subject to frequent, periodic “sensitivity training” sessions aimed at purging him of his chauvinist cultural attitudes toward women and minorities — whether or not he possesses such attitudes.
Suppose you listened to the presidential political “debates" over the past two election cycles. You undoubtedly would have
w
heard the phrase, “have the courage to change.” Deliberately unspecified was the direction and nature of such change. It appeared that “change,” simply for its own sake good
— whether or not he possesses such attitudes.
enough. Change is indeed invigorating to those who feel that they are part of a great democratic process and tradition. After all, after having “won” the Cold War, maybe we can now lead the whole world to freedom!
Suppose you have listened to what passes as foreign policy “debate” over the past five years. If you listened carefully, you would have heard our
leaders claim, “it’s the right thing to do." This moral justification, without a shred of thought of the longterm consequences, has guided our foreign policy in Bosnia, Somalia, NATO-expansion, and China. Indeed, some believe this moralizing of foreign policy is simply the result of a cult of “personalizing” everything our politicians do — primarily for domestic political advantage.
Suppose you woke up one morning and noticed that one of the most brutalizing professions on earth, that of combat arms, is being treated as if it were just another bureaucratic job. That is, it is a candidate for the infusion of anyone who simply “chooses” it. The concept that “many apply, but few are chosen” is being supplanted by “let anyone who chooses, serve.” Many of our political leaders are seriously considering opening ground combat branches to women. They have already opened aviation combat branches to women.
If you are one of those who forgot (or never knew) that combat service is an extremely brutal, physically demanding, and mentally punishing profession, you are a candidate for “having the courage to change.”This despite the fact that armies, over many centuries and many civilizations, in particular the American military, have discriminated against various groups in their selection of the best warriors. And for good reason. The aged, the infirm, the mentally unsound, the weak, and especially women, have justifiably been discriminated against in selection for combat arms. This discrimination is as sound as that by which the human race, early in its evolution, learned to discriminate between predator and prey, friend or foe, and which knowledge set in motion the biological mechanisms of “fight or flee.” Such discrimination ensured our survival as a species. Discrimination is not a flawed concept.
If you awoke one morning and realized that many of your fellow Americans believe that it is “the right thing to do” when the most helpless among us are condemned to death by a “woman’s right to choose,” you might wonder where we are headed as a culture, and who is behind that unspeakable obscenity, and why.
Finally, you may even become
aware that an influential minority of the Boomer elite openly discusses and defends the practice of neonaticide (the purposeful killing of an infant soon after birth).2 According to a distinguished professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, “...we need a clear boundary to confer personhood on a human being and grant it a right to I life... What makes a living being a person with a right not to be killed?... the right to life must come... from morally significant traits that we humans happen to possess.
One such trait is having a sequence of experiences that defines us as individuals and connects us to other people. Other traits include an ability to reflect on ourselves as a continuous locus of consciousness, to form and savor plans for the future, to dread death and to express the choice not to die.” Of course, under this definition any of us could have been killed, not only shortly after birth, but right up to adolescence or even young adulthood — subject to a decision by one of the “anointed" NewTotalitarians.
Pinker observes that “...several moral philosophers have concluded that neonates are not persons... and thus neonatocide should not be classified as murder.” Rational observers of this abomination remind us that infanticide is rightly and universally treated as a “...greatly aberrant act, the very definition of a moral horror.”* The point to be made here is that, if we finally awaken one morning and find the New Totalitarians presenting this abhorrence as “rational policy” for America, we might logically wonder where all of this stuff came from.
Indeed, a thoughtful person should ask himself or herself whether or not all this “change” from America’s traditional culture is simply a random set of events played out by a random set of players, all independent of each other — all disconnected from any central premise or
guidance. It is entirely possible that chance is at work here and all of these threads of American culture are the random workings of the human intellect (the pursuit of what is possible, vice what is appropriate) in a free, democratic culture.
But suppose you were to learn that nearly all of the above observations are completely consistent with a design; that is, a concept, a way of thinking, and a process for bringing it about. And suppose one could identify a small core group of people who designed just such a concept and thought through the process of infusing it into a culture. Wouldn’t you be interested in at least learning about such a core group? Wouldn’t you want to know who they were, what they thought, and how they conjured up a process for bringing their thoughts into action? For Americans with even a smidgen of curiosity, the answer should be a resounding yes!
If such a core group could be found, then it would still depend on your personal “world view” as to its significance. If you believe in the “blind watchmaker," that is, all cosmic and social events are random and guided only by the laws of nature, “evolutionary” in the sense of competing with other random events for sunaval in a stochastic world, you may choose to believe that such a core group was meaningless—it may have existed but so what? It may have been only one of an uncountable number of such groups in recorded history. And you may believe that any particular group’s “window of opportunity” to influence future generations was passed by and did little to influence the course of America’s history.
Ifyou believe, instead, that nature has a design, that all events can be connected and man can make sense out of many of them if he only “connect all the dots,” then you may believe that this small core group has great influence, even today, in Ameri-
If you awoke one morning and realized that many of your fellow Americans believe that it is “the right thing to do” when the most helpless among us are condemned to death by a “womans right to choose,” you might wonder where we are headed as a culture, and who is behind that unspeakable obscenity, and why.
Vol. IV, No. 4
51
can Culture. If this is your world view, you may (but not necessarily) even believe in a “conspiracy” and “conspirators” which and who aim to alter our culture on a vast scale. It is clear, however, that irrespective of one’s world view, it is informative to at least know of such a core group, what it believed, what it set out to accomplish, and what methods it followed to take action on its beliefs.
...Now Meet Its Authors
Such a core group existed. That is, history identifies a small group of German intellectuals who devised concepts, processes, and action plans which conform very closely to what Americans presently observe every day in their culture. Observations, such as those made at the beginning of this piece, can be directly traced to their work and writ-ings. They were members of the Frankfurt School, formed in Germany in 1923. They were the fore-
W	J
bears of what some proclaim as “cultural Marxism,” a radical social movement that has transformed American culture.
Cultural Marxism and “critical theory” are concepts developed by a group of German intellectuals who founded the Institute of Social Research at Frankfurt University in 1923. The Institute, modeled after the Marx-Engels Institute in Moscow, became known as the “Frankfurt School.”4 In 1933, when the Nazis came to power in Germany, the members of the Frankfurt School fled to the United States. While here, they migrated to major U.S. universities (Columbia, Princeton, and California at Berkeley). These intellectual Marxists included Herbert Marcuse, who coined the phrase, “make love, not war.”
By promoting the dialectic of “negative criticism,” that is, by pointing out the rational contradictions in a society’s belief system, the Frankfurt School Revolutionaries’ dreamed of a utopia where their rules governed. “Their Critical Theory had to contain a strongly imaginative, even utopian strain, which transcends the limits of reality.”5 Its tenets would never be subject to experimental evidence. The pure logic of their
thoughts would be incontrovertible. As a precursor to today’s “postmodernism” in the academic community, “...it recognized that disinterested scientific research was impossible in a society in which men were themselves not yet autonomous... the researcher was always part of the social object he was attempting to study.”6 This, of course, is the current fetish for the rewriting of history, and the vogue for our universities’ law, English literature, and humanities disciplines.
Critical theory rejected the ideal of Western Civilization in the age of modern science; that is, the verification or falsifying of theory by experimental evidence.7 Only the superior mind was able to fashion “truths” from observation of the evidence. There would be no need to test these hypotheses against everyday experience.
The Frankfurt school studied the “authoritarian personality” which became synonymous with the male, the patriarchal head of the American family. A modern utopia would be constructed by these idealistic intellectuals by turning Western civilization upside down. This utopia would be a product of their imagination, a product not susceptible to criticism on the basis of the examination of evidence. This “revolution” would be accomplished by fomenting a very quiet, subtle and slowly spreading cultural Marxism which would apply to culture the principles of Karl Marx, bolstered by the modern psychological tools of Freud. Thus, cultural Marxism became a marriage of Marx and Freud aimed at producing a “quiet revolution” in the United States of America. This quiet revolution has been unfolding in America for over 50 years.
What is cultural Marxism? Why should it even be considered when the world’s vast experiment with the economic theory of Karl Marx has recently gone down in defeat with the disintegration of Soviet communism? Didn’t America van the Cold War? The answer is “yes, BUT.” We failed
to grasp that an intellectual elite had subtly but systematically transmogrified Marxist economic theory into cultural expression within American society. They introduced cultural Marxism into the mainstream of American life incrementally, over decades, while our attention was diverted elsewhere.
The vehicle for this introduction was the idealistic Boomer elite, those young middle-class and well-to-do college students who became the vanguard of America’s counterculture revolution of
those draft-dodging, pot-smoking hippies who demonstrated against the Vietnam War and who fomented the destructive “women’s liberation movement. These New Totalitarian are now in power and control every public institution in our nation.8 But that’s getting ahead of the story.
The cauldron for rendering this witch’s brew was the elite Boomer generation.The counterculture revolution of the 1960s was set in motion and guided intellectually by the cultural Marxists of the Frankfurt School — Herbert Marcuse, Eric Fromm, Theodor Adorno, and others.9 Its influence is now felt in nearly every institution in the United States. The elite Boomers, throwbacks to the dangerous idealist Transcendental generation of the 1820s, are the “agents of change,” who have introduced cultural Marxism into American life.
William S. Lind reminds us that our nation’s story since the 1950s would be “...that of a nation that has decayed and degenerated at a fantastic pace, moving in less than half a century from the greatest country on earth to a Third World nation, overrun by crime, noise, drugs and dirt. The fall of Rome was graceful by comparison.”10 Why did it happen?
Lind relates that over the last forty years, America has been conquered by the same force that earlier took over Russia, China, Germany and Italy— ideology. The ideology that has conquered America goes most commonly
...cultural Marxism became a marriage of Marx and Freud aimed at producing a “quiet revolution” in the United States of America. This quiet revolution has been unfolding in America for over 50 years.
by the name “Political Correctness.” It is, in fact, cultural Marxism. It is an ideology with deep roots going back at least to the 1920s and the writings of the Italian Communist Antonio Gramsci.11 Those roots, over time, spread to the writings of Herbert Marcuse.
Herbert Marcuse was prominent in spreading Critical Theory’s social revolution among students in the 1960s. It is instructive to review what he has written on the subject:
“One can rightfully speak of a cultural revolution, since the protest is directed toward the whole cultural establishment, including the morality of existing society... there is one thing we can say with complete assurance. The traditional idea of revolution and the traditional strategy of revolution have ended.These ideas are old-fashioned... what we must undertake is a type of diffuse and dispersed disintegration of the system.”
This sentiment was first expressed by the early 20th century Italian Marxist, Antonio Gramsci, who died in one of Mussolini’s prisons in 1937 at the age of 46.
Gramsci conjured up the notion of a “quiet revolution” that could be diffused throughout a culture — over a period of time — to destroy it from within. He was the first to suggest that psychology could by applied culturally to break the traditions, beliefs, morals and will of a people and that this could be accomplished quietly and without the possibility of resistance. He deduced that “The civilized world had been thoroughly saturated with Christianity for 2,000 years...”12 and a culture based on this religion could only be captured from within.
Gramsci insisted that alliances with non-Communist leftist groups would be essential to Communist victory. In our time, these would include radical feminist groups, extremist environmental organizations, so-called civil rights movements, minority led anti-police associations, internationalist-minded groups, liberal church denominations, and others. Working together, these groups could create a united front working for the destructive transformation of Western Christian culture. By winning “cultural hegemony,” Gramsci
pointed out that they could control the deepest wellsprings of human thought — through the medium of mass psychology. Indeed, men could I be made to “love their servitude.” In Frankfurt School terms, resistance to cultural Marxism could be completely negated by placing the resister in a psychic “iron cage.”
The essential nature of Antonio Gramsci’s revolutionary strategy is reflected in a 1990s I book by New Totalitarian author Charles A. Reich entitled The\
Greening of America'}
“There is a revolution coming. It will not be like revolutions of the past. It will originate with the individual and the culture, and it will change the political structure as its final act. It will not require violence to succeed, and it cannot be successfully resisted by violence.
This is the revolution of the New Generation."13 Of course I this New Generation would be the author’s elite Boomer generation. Indeed, this is the underlying premise of the implementation of cultural Marxism in American society by Frankfurt School “graduates.” This intellectual foundation is the basis of the Boomer elite’s 1992 presidential election mantra, “Have the courage to change.”
The Frankfurt School theorized that the authoritarian personality is a product of the patriarchal family. This idea originates from Frederich Engels’ The Origins of the Family, Private Property and the State, an obscene work that promotes matriarchy. Furthermore, Marx and Engels earlier wrote about the radical notion of a “community of women” in the Communist Manifesto. And it was Karl Marx, in his 1845 work. The German Ideology, who disparaged the idea that the family was the basic unit of society.
The “authoritarian personality" is not to be interpreted primarily as a handbook for the conduct of warfare against prejudice as such, but as a handbook for psychological warfare against the American white male for
the purpose of rendering him unwilling to defend traditional and formerly held beliefs and values. In other words, the purpose was to emasculate him. Undoubtedly, this is what Institute for Social Research “academics” meant by “psychological techniques for changing personality."
The authoritarian personality premise of the Frankfurt School during the 1940s and ’50s prepared the way in America for the ideological warfare against men as promoted by Herbert Marcuse and his band of social revolutionaries, under the guise of“women’s liberation” and the New Left movement of the 1960s. The evidence that psychological techniques for changing personality is intended to ideologically emasculate American men is provided by Abraham Maslow, founder of Third Force Humanist Psychology, and promoter of the psychotherapeutic classroom: “...the next step in personal evolution is a transcendence of both masculinity and femininity to general humanness." The Marxist revolutionaries knew exactly what they wanted to do and how to do it. They have accomplished much of their agenda.
Bolshevizing Education
But how can we claim the causes of the breakdown of our schools, and our universities — indeed, the very fiber of our culture — were the product of a tiny group of Jewish Communist intellectuals who emigrated from Germany to America in 1933? Given all of the special-interest groups involved in these activities, how can we trace these “causes” to the Frankfurt school? Look at some of the evidence.
For example, postmodern reconstruction of the history of Western Civilization (now prevalent in our universities) has its roots in the Critical Theory of the Frankfurt School. This rewriting of history by
The Frankfurt School theorized that the authoritarian personality is a product of the patriarchal family. This idea originates from Frederich Engels’ The Origins of the Family, Private Property and the State, an obscene work that promotes matriarchy.
The K£.M91I.K
postmodern “scholars” in America has only recently come under attack. Keith Windschuttle, in his book, The Killing of History, has severely criticized the rush to relativism by historiographers. What is truly astonishing, however, is that relativism has largely supplanted the pursuit of truth as a goal in historical study.14 George G. Iggers’ recently published book, Historiography in the Twentieth Century: From Scientific Objectivity to the Postmodern Challenge, reminds us of the now famous line by postmodernist Hayden White, “Historical narratives... are verbal fictions, the contents of which are more invented than found.” He quotes other postmodernists, mostly non-historians, who “...reinforce the proposition that truth and reality are primarily authoritarian weapons of our times.”,s [Emphasis added.] We now recognize the source of this postmodern assault — the cultural Marxists of the Frankfurt School who became experts in criticizing the “authoritarian personality" in American culture.
Herbert London refutes White's proposition by observing, “...if history is largely invention, who can say with authority that the American Revolution came before the French Revolution?” He observes that evidence has taken a back seat to inventiveness. He thus cuts right to the chase — the inventions of postmodernism, which are cutting successive generations of Americans off from their culture and their history, evolved directly from the cultural Marxist scholars of the Frankfurt School.
How did this situation come about in America’s universities? Gertrude Himmelfarb has observed that it slipped past those traditional academics almost unobserved until it was too late.16 It occurred so “quietly” that when they “looked up,” postmodernism was upon them with a vengeance. “They were surrounded by a tidal wave of faddish multicultural subjects such as radical feminism, deconstructed relativism as history and other courses” which undermine the perpetuation of Western Civilization. Indeed, this tidal wave slipped by just as Antonio Gramsci and the Frankfurt School had envisioned a “quiet revolution.” A revolution that
could not be resisted by force.
Where can we see other evidence of the teachings of the Frankfurt School in our culture today? One example is the public school system. William Kilpatrick observes that our public schools have shifted to a moral “value neutral” mode of teaching over the past three decades.17 For students, this has meant wholesale confusion about moral values: learning to question values they have scarcely acquired, unlearning values taught at home, and concluding that questions of right and wrong are always subjective and relative.
The new educational techniques, implemented under a “values clarification” methodology, incorporated overtones of “sensitivity training. 1 Emphasis is placed on one’s feelings, which borders on invasion of privacy. For example, a Virginia mother of a third-grade daughter tells us that her daughter was “...told to write in a journal five things she couldn’t tell her mother.”18 Teaching more resembled psychotherapy than education. This method of teaching in our public schools has created a generation of moral illiterates; students who know their own feelings but don't know their culture.
Parents of public schooled children seldom know that such methods exist. Quite often this is a matter of deliberate policy. In one community, when a teacher asked what she should do if parents objected to the new “values clarification” program, she was told by a seminar leader, “You call it ‘life skills’ and you do it anyway.”19 In other communities, parents have been forced to sue under the Freedom of Information Act in order to find out what materials were being used in their children’s classes. Professor Sidney Simon, who created the “values clarification” method, boasted that as a young teacher at Temple University he “...always bootlegged the values stuff under other titles: I was assigned to teach Social Studies in the elementary school, and I
taught values clarification. I was assigned Current Trends in American Education, and I taught my trend."20 Indeed, the cultural Marxists have taken charge of our public schools.
Note also that the “sensitivity" training techniques used in our public schools over the past 30 years, and which are now employed by the U.S. military to educate the troops about “sexual harassment,” were developed in 1943 by Frankfurt School protege Abraham Maslow. Maslowis the author of The Art of Facilitation, a manual used during such “sensitivity' training.”21 Teachers were thereby indoctrinated not to teach but to facilitate. They were to become amateur group therapists. The classroom became the center of self-examination, therapeutic circles where children (and later on, military personnel) talked about their own subjective feelings.22 This technique was designed to convince children that they were the sole authority in their own lives.
Parental authority, as well as authoritative teaching, were to be denied because, according to Critical Theory, the young might become authoritarian characters or worse. Through applied mass psychology, parents were to be convinced that children should make their own decisions so they could be molded into the new American child (Hillary Clinton’s It Takes a Village to Raise a Child) who would have none of the attributes that social psychologists consider negative. Techniques for overcoming resistance (by the child, the parent, or both), developed mainly in the field of individual psychotherapy, were improved and adopted for use with groups and even for use on a mass scale.
It is important to realize that this movement, cultural Marxism, exists, understand where it came from, and what its objectives were and are — the complete destruction of Western Civilization in America. That is, these cultural Marxists aimed to destroy, slowly but surely from the bot-
... “values clarification” methodology, incorporating overtones of sensitivity training... in our public schools has created a generation of moral illiterates; students who know their own feelings but don’t know their culture.
54
Vol. IV, No. 4
tom up, the entire fabric of American Civilization.
Cultural Suicide
By the end of World War II, almost all the original Frankfurt School members had become American citizens. This opened a new English-speaking audience for focusing on American forms of authoritarianism. With this shift in subject matter came a subtle change at the core of the Institute’s work. In America, authoritarianism appeared in different forms than its European counterpart. Instead of terror or coercion, conformity was enforced by more gentle means. According to Martin Jay, “Perhaps the most effective of these were to be found in the cultural field. American mass culture thus became one of the central concerns of the Frankfurt School in the
1940s."23
The Frankfurt School had devised the concept of designating the opponents of the Marxist social revolution as “authoritarian characters.” According to available accounts:
“..there was a meeting of American scholars at a conference on religious and racial prejudice in 1944. Over the next five years, a Frankfurt School team under the direction of Max Horkheimer conducted in-depth social and psychological profiles of Americans under a project entitled ‘Studies of Prejudice.’ One of the results was a book entitled The Authoritarian Personality by Theodor Adorno, et al, that summarized one of the largest public opinion surveys ever undertaken in the United States. It was published in 1950, and conformed to the original Critical Theory in every respect. As a document that testified to the belief system of the Frankfurt School revolutionaries, it was essentially anti-God, anti-Christian, anti-family, anti-nationalist, anti-patriot, anti-conservative, anti-hereditarian, anti-ethnocentric, anti-masculine, anti-tradition, and anti-morality. All of these are elements inherent in Critical Theory.”24
Since the 1940s, subtle changes appeared in the Frankfurt School’s
descriptions of their work. For example, the opposite of the “authoritarian personality” was no longer the “revolutionary,” as it had been in previous studies aimed at Europeans. In America, it was now the “democratic” who opposed the “authoritarian personality.” Thus, their language matched more closely the liberal “...New Deal rather than Marxist or radical...” language.25 Education for tolerance of rather than praxis for revolutionary change was the ostensible goal of their research. They were cleverly merging their language with the mainstream of liberal left thought in America while maintaining their cultural Marxist objectives.
Toleration had never been an end in itself for the Frankfurt School. Yet the non-authoritarian (utopian) personality, insofar as it was defined, was posited as a person with a non-dogmatic tolerance for diversity.26 This thought is dominant in today’s elite Boomer generation, the NewTotali-tarians.
Cultural Marxism, as preached by the Frankfurt School alumni in the U.S. and as followed by the Boomer elite—The NewTotali-1 tarians—laid the foundation for and spawned the widely popular, longterm nationwide campaign against “prejudice,” “bigotry” and “discrimination."These were the precursors to the less popular, and inherently destructive concepts of “affirmative action,” “multiculturalism” and “diversity.” Recognize the terms? You can’t escape them if you watch national television or read the mainstream press in the U.S. today. They derive from an Institute study of “antisemitism” (they meant anti-Communism) and “discrimination” (they meant the success of capitalism) during the 1940s. That “study” inserted the language of “discrimination,” “civil rights,” “women’s rights” and other minority “rights” into the mainstream of American culture.
According to Raymond V. Raehn:
“Critical Theory as applied mass
psychology has led to the radical deconstruction of gender [sic] in the American culture. Following Critical Theory, the distinction between masculinity and femininity will disappear. The traditional roles of mothers and fathers are to be dissolved so that patriarchy will be ended. Children are not to be raised according to their biological differences, but should be free to move in and out of existing genders and gender roles according to their own preferences. This reflects the Frankfurt School rationale for the disintegration of the traditional family.”27
Thus one of the basic tenets of Critical Theory was the necessity to break down the contemporary family. The Institute scholars preached that “...Even a partial breakdown of parental authority in the family might tend to increase the readiness of a coming generation to accept social change.”2KThe “generation gap” of
the 1960s and the “gender gap” of the 1970s are two aspects of the attempt by the elite Boomers (taking a page out of cultural Marxism) to transform American culture into their Marxist
tt .	• W
utopia.
Matriarchy: Civilization Murder
The transformation of American culture envisioned by the cultural Marxists is based on matriarchal theory. That is, they propose transforming American into a female-dominated culture. This is a direct throwback to Wilhelm Reich, a Frankfurt School member who considered matriarchal theory in psychoanalytic terms. In 1933, he wrote in The Mass Psychology of Fascism that matriarchy was the only genuine family type of “natural society.”
Eric Fromm, another charter member of the Institute, was also one of the most active advocates of matriarchal theory. Fromm was especially
...the transformation of American culture envisioned by the cultural Marxists is based on matriarchal theory. That is, they propose transforming American into a female-dominated culture.
Vol. IV, No. 4
55
taken with the idea that all love and altruistic feelings were ultimately derived from the maternal love necessitated by the extended period ofhuman pregnancy and postnatal care. “Masculinity and femininity were not reflections of ‘essential’ sexual differences, as the romantics had thought. They were derived instead from differences in life functions, which were in part socially determined.^”29 This filthy dogma was the precedent for today's radical feminist pronouncements which appear in nearly every major newspaper and TV program, including television newscasts. For these current day nihilists, male and female roles result from cultural indoctrination in America — an indoctrination carried out by the male patriarchy to the detriment of women. Nature plays no role in this matter.
Raehn reveals that Irving Kristol’s description of womanly traits closely resemble Eric Fromm's justification for a matriarchal society, which became an integral part of the social revolutionary process promoted by the cultural Marxists.10 Raehn builds on the work of Martin Jay to reveal the psycho-dynamics of the social revolutionary process of cultural Marxism in our day. He builds a framework for simplifying and understanding this process as follows:
1.	Critical Theory and its integral group of sub-theories by its very essence consists of destructive criticism of the social order to foment a nonviolent social revolution in America.
2.	The social order by definition consists of those in varying levels of position, power and influence which can be simplified into those in the higher order and those in the lower order.
3.	A social revolution is by defini-
w
tion an inversion of the social order whereby there is an exchange of position, power and influence between those of the higher order and those of the lower order,
4.	For a non-violent social revolution to be successfully executed, those of the higher order must be brought into a psychic condition of voluntary submission to those of the lower order.
5.	The creation of this psychic condition means that those of the
higher order by their own induced volition become willing to agree to an exchange of position, power and influence with those of the lower or-
(via Critical Theory — destructive criticism) in our nation that has the potential to destroy American Civilization.
For example; the combat arms of
der.
6.	As the social order is formed in the first place under the prevailing culture set by custom ««
and tradition as inherited wisdom, inversion of the culture itself is required in order to bring about the psychic condition of submission of the higher order.
7.	An inversion of
the U.S. military are the last bastions of male domination in American cul-^—— ture. The matter of women-in-combat is not really about sex equity or equal opportunity as is commonly argued. These are only the given reasons. The real reason is to create the psychic condition of
This concerted effort led to the psychic criminalization of prejudice and discrimination in precisely the same way Karl Marx
the culture really criminalized the bout- ^bmissionbyrneninj means an inversion ot	... ^	America to the will of
the prevailing belief gCOlSIC in Klirope.	the social revolution-
system whereby the This has resulted in aries by depriving beliefs of those of the “legal” Criminalization higher order males of higher order are ex-	„	i__,	_	any	authority	to	set
• l c » i* c c ot discrimination by a j r
changed lor beliers ot	. fr , - _ * and enforce stan-
those of the lower or- series Ol Federal Laws dards.This functions der.	and	Judicial	decisions,	as a means of trans-
__ ferring authority to the social revolution-
8.ihe inversion of beliefs means the belief in the authority of those of the higher order to set and enforce standards of thinking and behavior for the society is dissolved in favor of belief in the authority of those in the lower order to think and do as they please.
aries themselves so they might gain the position of power and influence of the higher order and thereby achieve the exchange that is the aim of the social revolutionary process. Radical feminists and cultural Marx-9. This inversion of the structure of I ist revolutionaries are placing women authority really means an inversion of on top in order to set the stage for thef
the moral order and so leads to disorder, chaoSy and social disintegration. [Emphases added.]
Raehn states that the reference to higher order and lower order is necessary in this framework because the social revolutionary ideology is one in which women and children are viewed as those of the oppressed lower order while white males are viewed as the oppressor higher order. This flows from the original view of the utopian social revolutionaries themselves as those of the “oppressed” lower order who thereafter identify with those of the lower order of all kinds. This reflects the underlying impulse of the Frankfurt School and their Critical Theory, which in their eyes justifies the social revolution.
Indeed, cultural Marxists have, in the 1990s, rendered with Boomer elite radical feminism a throwback to the dangerous Transcendentals of the 1820s to form a caldron of discontent
destruction of American Civilization.
Indeed, Critical Theory as mass
w
psychology came to be applied against America on a vast scale and with great success. The Authoritarian Personality served to ignite a massive concerted effort by the Marxist revolutionaries (in the guise of social psychologists) to eliminate “prejudice” in American life — and later “discrimination.” This concerted effort led to the psychic criminalization of prejudice and discrimination in precisely the same way Karl Marx criminalized the bourgeoisie in Europe. This has resulted in “legal" criminalization of discrimination by a series of Federal Laws and Judicial decisions.
The final straw in this process was affirmative action. Tom Chittum, a Vietnam War veteran and spokesman for a growing number of middle-class Americans (especially those who have seen their manufacturing jobs ex-
ported to foreign shores via NAFTA and other free-trade mechanisms), tells us that “The racist euphemism for [the] systematic dismantling of the rights of [white] English-speaking Europeans [in America] is affirmative action.”3' Indeed, affirmative action has separated white American males of European descent from minorities and women in ways that could lead to violence in America’s future — a violence fed by the same factors that led to the chaotic disintegration of the former Yugoslavia.
Only recently have whites awakened and began to fight back against this tyranny. California’s successful referendum via Proposition 209 to outlaw preferences based on race, sex, color, ethnicity or national origin is an example of this “awakening.”
The next stage in this applied mass psychology was the psychic criminalization of what the Marxist social revolutionaries called “racism,” “sexism” and “anti-Semitism.” The intended criminals, of course, were white males. This was a logical outcome of Critical Theory which also inspired Betty Friedan’s feminist movement with her book. The Feminine Mystique. Obviously, she understood the revolutionary intent of Herbert Marcuse who proclaimed it on the campuses of American colleges and universities in the mid 1960s. Friedan quotes Eric Fromm in her seminal screed, which initiated the modern feminist movement.32 Indeed, radical feminism was spawned by cultural Marxism during the 1960s and 1970s.
Change Agents
In terms of destruction and disin tegration, the “change agents” and social revolutionaries who absorbed CriticalTheory led them to declare their intent to restructure America. As they proclaim, this means their activities have been directed toward the disintegration of the traditional white male power structure. As anyone with eyes to view present-day television and motion pictures can confirm, this has been largely achieved. In other words, CriticalTheory, as applied mass psychology, brought forth a “quiet” psychic revolution that facilitated an
actual physical revolution that has become visible everywhere in the United States of America.
This “quiet revolution” resulted in a mass conversion of the American I people by dialectic stages of operant conditioning by words such as “prejudice,” “discrimina-
• n ui •	.	»t
tion, bigotry,
U___•___ft U _	•	ft
racism, sexism and	“anti-
Semitism.” This was designed to instill guilt, pity, shame, fear, anger and hatred in the American psyche so that no one would dare oppose the social revolution without being exposed to uncontrol-| lable rage, intimidation, and terrorl — this latter being a reflection of Karl Marx’s dictum that “the nation must be taught to be terrified of itself....”
This is the psychic “iron cage” in which the American male has been placed by the confluence of two dangerous ideologies — radical feminism and cultural Marxism.
It was the destructive criticism of the primary elements of American culture that inspired the 1960s counter-culture revolution. As the name implies, this false “spiritual awakening” by the idealist Boomers in their coming-of-age years was an effort to transform the prevailing culture into an inverted or opposite kind of culture that is a necessary prelude to social revolution. Now that these Boomer elites are in positions of power they are completing their work of destroying every institution that has been built up over200 years of American history. Their aim is to destroy any vestige of Western Civilization in American culture.
As Richard Bernstein made clear in his book on multiculturalism, “...the Marxist revolutionary process for the past several decades in America has centered on race and sex warfare rather than class warfare” as in earlier times.33 As the social revolutionaries readily proclaim, their purpose is to destroy the hegemony of the white male power structure. In order to accomplish this, all barriers to the insertion of women and mi-
norities into this power structure are to be broken down by all means available. Laws and lawsuits against discrimination serve as some of these means. Intimidation and outright terrorization of white males as oppressive racists and sexists are carried out by the mass media and our universities. These are the psycho-dynamics of the revolutionary process that are designed to render psychic decapitation of anyone who might offer effective opposition.
1996 Republican presidential candidate Steve Forbes wrote recently, “This country’s Founders recognized three primal values in the Declaration of Independence, and they ranked them properly: Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."34 Forbes observes that if the order of these fundamental human rights is switched — putting happiness before liberty or liberty before life — you end up with moral chaos and social anarchy. This very condition is what Judge Robert H. Bork describes as “modern liberalism.”35 He identifies the defining characteristics of this ideology as “...’radical egalitarianism’ (the equality of outcomes rather than of opportunities) and ‘radical individualism’ (the drastic reduction of limit to personal gratification).”These traits are the ultimate in pure “pursuit of happiness.” This condition is the ultimate goal of the social Marxists of the Frankfurt School — a utopian paradise where they and they alone make the rules.
Judge Bork also identifies radical feminism as “...the most destructive and fanatical...” element of this modern liberalism. He further describes radical feminism as “...totalitarian in spirit.”This is a refined way of saying that the forces of radical feminism and cultural Marxism have joined with Boomer elites to set the stage for the destruction of American Civilization.
Most Americans do not yet realize that they are being led by social revolutionaries who think in terms of
The next stage in this applied mass psychol-ogy was the psychic criminalization of what the Marxist social revolutionaries called “racism,” “sexism” and “anti-Semitism.” The intended criminals, of course, were white males.
Vol. IV, No. 4
57
ihe KJ&oio i ilk
the destruction of the existing social order. The New Totalitarians’ “quiet revolution,” begun with the counterculture revolution of their youth, is nearly complete. It was based on the intellectual foundation of the cultural Marxists of the Frankfurt School. Its completion depends on keeping the American male in his psychic “iron
ag"
The confluence of radical feminism and cultural Marxism — the most destructive ideologies known to mankind — have combined within the span of a single generation16 to imposed this yoke on the white American male. It remains to be seen whether or not he will continue his “voluntary submission” to an American matriarchy — the precursor to a state of complete anarchy.
NOTES:
'“Chaotic” as used here, has a specific scientific meaning. For a primer on chaos theory, see James Gleck, Chaos: Making a New Science (New York: Viking, 1987). For a more detailed mathematical description of chaos theory, along with an exhaustive treatment of the simple but revealing mathematical “(juadratic iterator," see Heinz-Otto Pietgen, et al., Chaos and Fractals: New Frontiers in Science (Springer-Verlag, 1992). For a more historical approach to “chaos" sec William Straus and Niel Howe, Generations: The History of America's Future, 1584 to 2069 (New York: William Morrow, 1991). This book, though not intended by its authors, describes American history as a complex, non-iterative feedback system; a system which can be expected to exhibit chaotic behavior in the sense of chaos theory as described in the above two references. See also William Straus and Niel Howe, The Fourth Turning: What the Cycles of History Tell Us About Americas Next Rendezvous With Destiny (New York: Broadway, 1997). This book provides a more detailed description of the current epoch in American history by focusing on the elite Boomer generation.
2Steve Pinker, “Why They Kill Their Newborns," The New York limes Magazine, 2 November 1997.
'Michael Kelly, “Arguing for Infanticide," The Washington Post, 6 November 1997.
^Raymond V. Raehn, “The Historical Roots of‘Political Correctness.’" Free Congress Foundation, Essays on Our
Times: Number 44, June 1997.
"Martin Jay, The Dialectical Imagination: A History of the Frankfurt School and the Institute of Social Research (University of California Press, 1973).
6Ibid, p. 81.
7lbid, p. 82.
"Gerald Atkinson, The New Totalitarians: Bosnia as a Mirror of America's Future, (Camp Springs, Atkinson Associates Press, 1996).
’Rolf Wiggershaus, The Frankfurt School: Its History, Theories, and Political Significance (MIT Press, 1994).
'“William Lind, “What is Political Correctness?” Free Congress Foundation, Essays on Our Times: Number 43, March 1997.
"Ibid.
l2Fr. James Thornton, “‘Gramscian Strategy at Work.” The New American, 18 September 1995, p. 25.
"Charles A. Reich, The Greening of America (New York: Crown Trade Paperbacks, 1995).
"Herbert London, “Discipline of History Under Assault.” The Washington Times, 26 October 1997.
"Ibid.
"Gertrude Himmelfarb, Panel on Academic Reform: Internal Sources, National Association of Scholars, NAS Sixth General Conference, 3-5 May 1996.
1‘William Kilpatrick, Why Johnny Can't Tell Right From Wrong: And What We Can Do About It (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1992).
'"Carol Innerst, “The Dumbing Down of America," Part One of a Three Part Series, The Washington Times, 19 October 1997.
"Kilpatrick.
“Ibid.
"Raymond V. Raehn, “Critical Theory: A Special Research Report.” (Unpublished, 1 April 1996).
“Editorial, “The Crying of the Admirals.” The Washington Times, 3 November 1995. The United States Naval Academy has added female “role models" to the faculty. In August 1994, the Academy placed a new emphasis on “conflict resolution” and “conscious-
ness-raising.” “As ‘Lean on Me’ started playing, Master Chief Liz J ones gave the plebes her final orders: stand in a circle, sway to the music, sing along, and hug. From the circle came the sharp sniffle of sobs. The future admirals of America were crying.”
23Jay, p. 172.
24Raehn, “Critical Theory: A Special Research Report.”
2SJay, p. 227.
26Ibid, p. 248.
2/Raehn, “Critical Theory: A Special Research Report.”
28Jay, p. 135.
29Ibid, p. 95.
“Raymond V. Raehn, “Letter to COL Robert L. Maginnis, USA (Ret.), 1 March 1997. See also Irving Kristol, “The Feminization of the Democrats." The Wall Street Journal, 9 September 1996. Kristol reported that 50 per cent of the delegates to the Democratic Party convention were women. Women were described as tending to be more sentimental, more risk-ad-verse, less competitive than men, and also more permissive and less judgmental. See Jay, pp. 94-96.
"Thomas W. Chittum, Civil War Two: The Coming Breakup of America (American Eagle, 1996).
“Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique (New York: Dell Publishing, 1963). Page 278.
“Richard Bernstein, The Dictatorship of Virtue: Multiculturalism and the Battle for Americas Future (New York: Knopf, 1994).
3JTony Snow, “Moral of the Story: Forbes Virtue Stance,” The Washington Times, 27 October 1997. Mr. Snow reports on an article by Steve Forbes in the November 1997 issue of Policy Review magazine.
"Robert H. Bork, Slouching Toward Gomorrah: Modern Liberalism and American Decline (New York: Harper Collins, 1996).
“Strauss and Howe, pp. 374-426.
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson, CDR USN (Ret.) is the author of The New Totalitarians: Bosnia as a Mirror of America's Future, and From Trust to Terror: Radical Feminism is Destroying the US. Navy. A detailed description of these books is available at Atkinson’s Web Site at: ne wtotalitarians .com.
58
Vol. IV, No. 4
GOING POSTAL
The Barbarization of Young White Men
•	by
James S. Barber
“Something” Must Be Done!
Paducah, Kentucky; Pearl, Mississippi; Jonesboro, Arkansas; and Springfield, Oregon. All these semi-rural communities were thrust into the national spotlight when, in each of these small towns, young men, some as young as eleven, killed classmates, teachers — and in one case, his own parents — during normal school hours.
Classmates who witnessed those shootings all told stories about a total lack of expression on the faces of the boys as they calmly and methodically opened fire. As if they were focused, not on the insidious task at hand, but on “voices” directing their actions. In each of those shootings, the apparently troubled young men acquired their firearms from unknowing parents or other relatives who had considered those firearms secured and out of reach. Not surprisingly, the fact that firearms were involved has provided more grist for the gun control and law-and-order mill.
Child psychologists (“adults” who consciously “think” like children — and then expect us to follow their advice), school administrators, lawmakers, and others from American society’s endless pool of assorted, talking-head detritus feeders, displayed the usual hand wringing while offering few or no viable solutions to prevent this outbreak of children killing children. Most, if not all, bemoaned the lack of yet more stringent gun controls laws, and yet harsher punishment for male children committing violent acts. A troubling new theory being touted as “early intervention” is to evaluate preschoolers and institutionalize and “treat” with drugs, male children with a perceived
“potential for violence.” Some proposed charging them as adults. Others advocated the death penalty for them.
Enter the “Something Must Be Done” crowd. Their “concerned” faces, complete with lifeless eyes and
panicked voices, fill ___________
the Telescreen im-
tions on how they drink and carouse were the latest evidence that their freedom [sic] was at stake. Bans on porch furniture, limits on how many people can share a house, tickets for riding a bicycle on the wrong side of the street—rule upon rule made without student input, they say.” [Emphasis added.]
“It’s been one thing after another. Each one was not enough to set off a protest, but we were getting sick of it,” said Adam Herringa, 22, who graduated this spring from Michigan State University. Through e-mail, Herringa summoned 3000 fellow students into the streets May 1 [!] after the school banned drinking from a popular spot where the students party before and after football games. Po-
_____________ lice fired tear gas as
students lit bonfires
mediately following Police fired tear gas as and threw rocks and incidents like the students lit bonfires school shootings an d threw rocks and
while they wail How i . .1	.	i*
could this have hap- bottleS at PollCe officH
hap
pened?” Yet, they fail] to address the ques- ■ tion pertinent to causal motivation; “Why are young men (children in fact) “going postal?”
These talking head “experts” have mostly dismissed the most recent school shootings as isolated incidents involving a few disturbed adolescents. However, conventional wisdom is challenged as more facts are exposed indicating a larger societal phenomenon crossing generations — facts the Talking Heads pay scant attention to. Circumstances and events lend validity to a wider cross generation theory regarding violent attacks by lone gunmen on co-workers, and now middle school children on their classmates.
Only this spring, college campuses erupted in rioting, catching college administrators and police off guard both in their causes and ferocity. College officials dismissed the riots as meaningless violence by spoiled brats. However, a 31 May 1998 article in the Cleveland Plain Dealer described the level of frustration students felt with the “law and order” mentality of both college administrations and police, which the students considered attacks on their basic “freedoms.”
“Students from at least ten schools rallied and rioted, saying new restric-
ers.
bottles at police officers.
However, faculty and police see something less meaning-fill is at work. “What I saw seemed to have no rhyme or reason, no ideological passion, just rebelliousness without a cause,” said Richard Little, a spokesman for Miami University in Oxford,
Ohio.
When ten different universities are scenes of major demonstrations within a time span of a few weeks; when these demonstrations involve thousands of students, hundreds of arrests, numerous injuries of both police and demonstrators, and substantial property damage, one could logically conclude that there was more afoot here than just “rebelliousness without a cause.”
Their younger counterparts in the middle and high schools across America have been subjected to even more of what college students regard as a police state mentality on campus, where rule upon rule is piled on until the statement “we’re getting sick of it” begins to make sense. From elementary to high school, students are subjected to metal detectors, pat downs, surveillance cameras, locker and book bag searches.
Police regularly conduct surprise drug searches. Students are sequestered in their classrooms while drugsniffing dogs rummage through their
lockers, back packs, and high school student s cars. Students are encouraged to “narc” on each other, and their parents, [!] for the most minor infractions both on and off school property. Uniformed police are permanent fixtures in school hallways, giving students the sense of incarceration rather than protection, always under the threat of arrest by their alleged “protectors.”
Federal “zero tolerance” guidelines result in suspensions, and occasionally prosecution, of students guilty of possessing or sharing Tylenol or Midol. In a recent case, an asthma inhaler given to another student suffering an severe asthma attack resulted in a ten day suspension for one girl, complete with an entry in her academic record under the “zero tolerance” requirement. A butter knife pulled out of a book bag during lunch will bring a suspension, or prosecution on a weapons charge.
ADD: The Anti-White
Male Pogrom
Boys have been singled out for special attention. “Sexual harassment” and “unacceptable behavior” is determined by any female dictated schizophrenia de jour. Girls are “counseled” to rat out boys for perceived “sexual harassment,* verbal or otherwise. Boys as young as eight have been subjected to police intervention and arrest when female teachers determined they had been unruly or have engaged in — you guessed it — “unacceptable behavior.” In other words, they acted like boys.
One of the most insidious practices, now quite common in elementary schools, is to “diagnose” preteen boys as Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD) “victims” and mandate the administration of the addictive, potent psycho-stimulant narcotic Ritalin. It is no coincidence that 90 percent or more of these compelled drug “therapies” are inflicted upon boys, who's normal, enthusiastic young male behavior is regarded as “disruptive” by those most valueless of all human subspecies, school psychologists (who are, “coincidentally,” mostly females). Once a school “psychologist ” has “diagnosed” a boy with ADD parents are powerless to stop
the State dictated (and female instigated) drug addiction of their young men. Emasculated, toadying male school administrators (who, by the way, should muzzle and hold a short choke-chain leash on these rabid, female “therapists”) share the blame for this outrage.
It is also no coincidence that boys are not only the intended victims of ADD “treatment,” they are also laboratory experiments for other methods of (female influenced) behavior modification, which include blatant coercion. Andrea Dworkin, one the High Witches of radical feminism, stated several years ago in Time magazine, “We must stamp out every last bit of male brutish behavior from these children so as to make them more manageable.” [Emphasis added.] “More manageable” by whom? Females.
The feminist movement, along with their degenerate ilk, have found the perfect controlled environment to impose their totalitarian agenda — public schools. “Reeducating Mankind,” a female-utopian goal, has completely infected
vere that Prozac, or other addictive drugs, are used to treat the symptoms. Yet, our feminized schools routinely prescribe, and force parents to administer, psycho-stimulants like Ritalin to boys.
Combine a feminized school environment, where being male is a pre-sumption of guilt requiring the administration of feminized “psychol-ogy” prescribed mind-altering drugs to boys; throw in a feminized, permissive home environment without a strong, male role models influence, and you have the recipe for the tragedies that have rocked America back on its heels.
Feminization Means Africanization
I
ncreasingly, predominantly white, rural Dewey Camps are treated by government and school administrators as indistinguishable from the worst examples of inner city, crime infested Dewey Camps. My son only recently graduated from one of . these rural school
the Clinton admin-
istration and much of Jt | gJso „o coinci- systems "dth onif a
Congress with its j	«	^	token	black	atten-
mind-bending dence that DOyS are not jance> Maintaining
“women’s way of Only the intended vie- discipline is tough
knowing.” This “re- tims of ADD “treat
education’’is to be ac- ment ” they are also complished by using t t 1 J
schools to deliber- laboratory expert- |____________
ately, systematically, mentS for Other meth- do not shoot or cud mangle the minds of ods of (female ^_Qne_another_Jori
influenced) behavior modification...
with any group ofkids whose parents are 60s-retro “liberals." However, these kids
young male children,
“...so as to make them more manageable.”
Fifteen year-old —■■
Kip Kinkle reportedly was taking prescribed Prozac at the time of his rampage with a stolen rifle. According to press reports, Kinkle was “diagnosed” as ADD “afflicted” when he was eleven and prescribed Ritalin to “treat” his lack of dedication to school work. Ritalin is a class II narcotic, the second highest category of addictive controlled substances. (All class I narcotics, for example, heroin, are illegal.) He killed his parents first, then proceeded to his Springfield, Oregon, school where he killed two classmates and wounded many others.
Withdrawal from Ritalin is so se-
one
“dissing” (Ebonic gutter English meaning “disrespect-——————— ing”) their peers.
Yet, the school system treats these kids in the same manner as inner-city ghetto schools filled with predatory, illegitimate Africans. Apparently, urban African schools are being used as the model for overall educational and indoctrination reforms on the majority of predominantly white schools.
Africans are convenient tools to perpetuate the feminist “reeducation of mankind” agenda. Saying that white kids are being “Africanized" however, misses the mark in the respect that the ideological whole is greater than the sum of it's parts; e.g. females, minorities, homosexuals, the
mentally deficient, cripples, etc. (the collectivists’ “useful idiots”) are manipulated in concert to form the New Millennium’s concept of “world citizenship.”
Having a handful of young white males “go postal” as a result of the mental stresses placed upon them through “reeducation” provides continued (and convenient) justification for increasing the police state atmosphere and penal institution qualities inflicted upon students who attend schools that bear little or no resemblance to their urban counterparts.
African students have been wasting each other for decades, and not for the same reasons as Kip Kinkle and the other “white boys” in predominantly white (and therefore far more peaceful) rural environments. Urban Africans are simply engaging in their prototypical tribal warfare, which they have practiced for millennia under the tutelage of their matriarchal society. Urban Africans are the feminist model for emasculated white males in the 21st century. Tribal, emotional, impulsive, they will do the killing for the shrewish bitches who reign over them.
Feminists encourage the African model of male behavior only because it is convenient for them to do so. Similarly emasculated and toadied white males would be utilized in the same manner if they fitted the bill of particulars. The feminists’ problem, of course, is that normal (un-drugged) young white men, sans outside mind mangling, don’t behave like Africans. An African woman once told me that “you white guys aren’t going to put up with that shit.” She is right. It is culturally impossible for European Whites to “buy into" the African matriarchal concept of society, i.e. “It takes a Village....” White males therefore (the new criminal class), must be brought to heel as they represent the only remaining threat, the only holdouts, the only resisters, to this sick, twisted and distorted matriarchal utopia called “Global Harmony.” In other words, we (white males) are not going to “put up with this shit,” and feminists, along with their cabal of“protected classes,” will stop at nothing to inflict “Tolerance” upon us.
Africans (with notable, rare exceptions) have always been and will con-
tinue to be collectivists (and thus willing tools of feminists) of one sort or another. One only has to look into African history to confirm this in both Africa and America^America’s African male children are not drugged with Ritalin and Prozac to produce “acceptable behavior.”
That’s reserved for independent minded young white males.
African males are already exactly the way feminists want them.
The increasing heavy hand of “government” striving to maintain “order” and fight “crime” has begun to tear at the fab-1 ric of public trust and respect for thel rule oflaw. It was just a matter of time. Children, as well as adults, are beginning to crack under the constant strain of Nanny-state interference with even the most mundane of legal personal behavior, like smoking and drinking.
Should we be surprised that the most fanatical Abolitionists, both within government and out, are females? I think not. History is replete with neurotic, obsessed, schizophrenic females with a “cause,” who neglect their children and husbands in a malicious quest for equality, suffrage and temperance. Mostly by in meddling in men’s affairs. The result is numerous “unintended” consequences. Telling an off-color joke that makes some neurotic female “uncomfortable” in the workplace will cost you your job or, in the extreme, land you in jail for committing a “hate crime” — the latest euphemism for Thought Crime.
Hardly a week goes by that the Clinton administration, with great fanfare, does not announce a new crime fighting “initiative” (against a backdrop of children and females, naturally) along with an announcement of the millions of dollars to be extorted from taxpayers at federal gun point to combat yet another “criminal” or “terrorist” threat. “Deadbeat Dads” are now public enemy number one. It is now a federal felony to cross state fines to avoid being squeezed and blackmailed. You cannot get a job
without registering with the federal government to ensure you’re not a Deadbeat Dad. Every American is now a potential criminal, with new “laws” to protectThe People spewing forth from Congress and state legislatures
—	as if “lawmakers” were on some unspoken (and unspeakable) production schedule. Each new “initiative” to combat “crime” is designed to convince voters that government, and only government, can make us safe from ourselves
—	at a small cost (we are assured) of just some minor infringements of liberty (they say).
“Angry White Males”
The US Post Office, in a typically knee-jerk federal absurdity, decided to restrict the hiring of white males between the ages of 20 and 50 who have prior military experience, knowledge or ownership of firearms, or both, after violence erupted at a number of post offices across the United States. This “remedy” was intended to stem the shooting deaths of postal employees by “angry white males.” Thankfully, Postal Union members, and others who fit the “profile,” some 50 million or so white males, quashed this politically correct outrage with immediate legal challenges. Recently, a postal employee told me they work in a constant state of “lock down,” similar to that experienced in public schools, in an attempt to guarantee “the safety of both workers and supervisors.”The object, therefore, is control, not security as every white male employee is presumed potentially a mass murderer. Yet, nobody has asked why these “workers and supervisors” perceive to be threatened by white males with military experience.
Predictably, the root causes of postal employees going berserk have never been addressed — not publicly anyway. It’s a safe bet that the same lack of privacy, surveillance, encouragement of informing, political cor-
African male children are not drugged with Ritalin and Prozac to produce “acceptable behavior.” That s reserved for independent minded young white males. African males are already exactly the way feminists want them.
rcctness terrorism, “tolerance” and “sexual harassment” mind mangling at post offices are similar to those found in our primary and secondary “schools.”
CNN’s “Talk Back Live” interviewed a number of middle and high school students regarding the most recent school shootings and other acts of school violence. The girls who were interviewed obediently parroted the approved feminized Establishment mantras (wouldn’t you just know it?); too many guns, violent videos and TV, not enough metal detectors, not enough security cops — ad nauseam. Exactly those same bromides served up daily by both major parties, Establishment approved papers, and the Telescreen’s “talking heads.”
Even more horrifying, the boys interviewed stated that they were, prima facie, treated like criminals; a net broadly cast to snare “potential” unruly behavior by a very few miscreants, well known by school administrators. In the spirit of egalitarianism however, all males are regarded criminals and (preventive) coercive enforcement is applied equally to the guilty and innocent alike. Sort of like the grade school version of “kill ’em all, let God sort ’em out.” Black students resented the presence of “the Man” on campus.
Although predominantly “black,” inner city schools differ significantly from the predominantly white rural schools where the mass shootings took place, the prevalence of “the Man” on campus appears to be directly proportional to the degree that students have been subjected to the female-like qualities of “tolerance” and “diversity." I nner-city, predominantly black, schools have inherent, culturally driven criminal activity and violent behavior that is being used as justification for the penal institutionlike atmosphere of the vast majority of schools attended by white children; even though criminal activity within the latter schools is infinitesimal in comparison with their inner city counterparts. Feminist inspired egalitarianism rears its medusal head again.
When civilization compromises with barbarism, barbarism wins. So at least white and black students agree on one crucial point; the penal-like atmosphere in American public
62
schools is proportional to their “socialization” in Dewey Camps by the feminized State.
The same presumption of white male guilt by feminist zealots is applied to the workplace, and even the home, where every white male is a potential “harasser,” batterer, child molester or Deadbeat Dad. The impact of this development on average Americans, who are continually harangued, belittled and threatened by an increasingly interventionist and meddling “government” has begun to fray the public’s tolerance for the rule of law and propriety. These frayed edges of society are the individu-
both children and adults. Our “leaders” will fan the flames with increasingly repressive “laws,” paramilitarism, and other intrusive un-American edicts. America will soon come to resemble Indonesia and other “democracies” in an attempt to mandate “correct thinking" and order at the expense of liberty.
When the next “new tragedy” mmmmmm shocks the American public’s senses, the same luminaries, lawmakers, and media groomed experts
Inner-city, predominantly black, schools have inherent, cultur-ally driven criminal ac- ™Uaga™g,heir
J . .	i*i	hands	and proclaim
tivity and violent that “something behavior that is being must be done.” Unused as justification for the penal institu-tion-like atmosphere
als murdering their of the Vast majority of co-workers and class-	schools attended by
mafpc thpir rvirpntc	_	_	J
mates, their parents	.	.
—	even themselves White children...
—	in fits of “rage” and
frustration at population control measures that have become intolerable.
Predictably, “government” responds with further draconian “security measures,” and yet more surveillance and eavesdropping. Police are now effectively paramilitary more obsessed with “maintaining order” and “enforcing” the law against the innocent than in protecting the public from the criminal. Therefore the American public increasingly views our paramilitary thugs with the same jaundiced eye Third Worlders view their own paramilitary thugs — publicly with fear, privately with visceral contempt.
Government in general is recognized as fundamentally corrupt, with the elected doing as they damned well please despite the strident objections of their constituents. While feeding at the public trough, these politicians display the paranoia and fear of the public at large in precisely the same way all dictators fear their victims. Legislators who return to their congressional districts during breaks (wisely) become invisible and inaccessible until they return to Washington.
Logically, more serious violence is in store for America perpetrated by
doubtedly “society" (that ambiguous entity) will be held to blame. What they will mean is that white, Christian male dominated society in particular must ■	be	eradicated.	New
“laws” will follow. And The People— emasculated men and deluded females — will follow (as usual) the collectivist vanguard, whimpering and squealing, “‘something’ must be done!"
Vol. IV, No-
The RESISTER
American Renaissance
Who has made race a problem, and why? What are the real consequences of demands for “tolerance,” “diversity” and “inclusiveness”?
American Renaissance is where some of America’s most thoughtful writers publish what they really think about:
•	Research on racial differences
•	The impact of immigration I The demographic future
•	Why “multi-culturalism” is a fraud
•	Race and crime
For a free sample issue, call or write: American Renaissance
PO Box 527 Oakton,VA 22124 (703)716-0900
RESISTER Distributors	
Many of The Resisters readers, for one reason or another, don’t like being	
“on a list.” The individuals and businesses listed below are regular distributors	
who may have copies of sold-out back points of purchase for current issues.	issues, or who may serve as convenient
The Silent .45	Michael Paul; McClinton
PO Box 4588	general delivery
Santa Rosa, CA 95402	Girard Post Office
(www.silent45.com)	Girard, Pennsylvania 116417]
Bohica Concepts	Michael Galatin
PO Box 546	407 Avenue H.
Randele, WA 98377	South Huston,TX 77587
Paladin Arms	C.I. Soft
320 Main Street	PO Box 6749
Longmont, CO 89501 BHN Enterprises	Ocala, FL 34478-6749 (www.gate.net/~rmpl)
1347 Worstead Dr.	Paul Fromm
Fayetteville, NC 28314	Box 332 Rexdale
Wildmans	Ontario, M9W 5L3
2879 South Main St. Kennesaw, GA 30144	Canada
Kevin
L.
Jamison
Attorney at Law
The right of free speech. The right to remain silent. Don’t get them confused! Remain silent and call:
Kevin L. Jamison 5440 N. Oak Kansas City, MO 64118
(816) 455-2669 voice (816)455-6011 fax
Criminal Law Teacher Special Forces Veteran
Weapons & Firearms Law Criminal Defense Immigration Law
The RESISTER
The Silent .45
Patriot Books, Videos & Magazines at SUPER DISCOUNT PRICES!
Back issues of The Resister - Discounted! Waco: Rules of Engagement - Discounted! Unintended Consequences - Discounted! Unintended Consequences Poster - 30% Off! 19 Patriot videos - Discounted! rNot pirate copies)
Credit Card orders accepted - (707) 523-1434 Monday-Friday 10AM-2PM
Check out our Website: http://www.silent45.com
Request your free catalog from: The Silent .45 P.O. Box 4588, Santa Rosa, CA 95402
THE BEST LITTLE WAR HOUSE IN
KENNESAW
Idaho Ob,
server
Demanding Accountability
The editors, writers, supporters and contributors who make The Idaho Observer possible are all deeply concerned for the future of our country. America is in trouble because the people of this nation trusted their elected officials to protect then-interests and then took a nap while those same officials abused that trust Unless we as a free people wake up and take responsibility for preserving our
Constitutional rights we will inevitably lose them.
Unlike the dominant media, which chooses to report the news through special interest filters to guarantee our progressive and collective slide into socialistic slavery. The Idaho Observer reports news with the understanding that a truly free press is the only thing which stands between Americans and tyranny.
Fora copy of The Idaho Observer, call (208)777-7888, or write: PO Box 1806, Post Falls, ID 83877 ($1 for postage appreciated but not required)
Email: observerQdml.net http-J/www.prollberty.com/obsmrvar
79 South Main Street Kennesaw Georgia 30144 (404)422-1785
Unidentified Confederate Ll Gen. Dent Myeta CSA.
No Quarter
RESISTER
RADIO
H - On -
Radio 1230 - The Fort (WFAI1230 AM)
Wednesdays
1800 - 1900 R
Colonial Radio Group, Inc. 346 Wagoner Dr., Ste. 105 Fayetteville, NC 28303
The RESISTER
The legal effect of these constitutional recognitions of the rights of individuals to defend their property, liberties, and lives, against the government, is to legalize resistance to all injustices and oppression, of every name and nature whatsoever, on the part of government.
Lysander Spooner, 1852
The military value of a partisan’s work is not measured in the amount of property destroyed, or the number of men killed or captured, but by the number he keeps watching. John S. Mosby
The Four Corners Manhunt
by
Sarah Thompson, M.D.
©1998 by Sarah Thompson, M.D.
Pile On!
Tonight “I’m standing on Highway 666 running through towns like Cortez, Shiprock, Sheep Springs and ending in Gallup, New Mexico. To some, a beautiful stretch of the American landscape, but to Alan Pilon and Jason McVcan, who are still at large, it is literally a candy land of murder and mayhem.” (Paraphrased from Natural Born Killers (NBK).)
Today is day 12 of what the Denver Post calls “the greatest Western manhunt in recent memory.” The search has “included 51 local, state and federal agencies and 500 heavily armed SWAT teams using 17 national guard helicopters.” The monetary costs so far are estimated at about S1.6 million. The real cost is much higher.
“Patrolman Dale Claxton was just the first of three peace officers that Pilon and McVean shot during their reign of terror.” (Paraphrased from
NBK.)	Nglwif
For those of you who are unfamiliar with the “Four Corners Manhunt,” it started on May 29 when Cortez, Colorado police officer Dale Claxton stopped a suspected stolen truck and was shot and killed by one or more of the occupants. The mur-
der of a police officer is a tragic, but unfortunately not uncommon event. To date, 68 law enforcement officers have died in 1998,27 of them by gunfire. What is uncommon is the response to this murder, along with the subsequent non-fatal shootings of two sheriff's deputies.
Cortez is a small tourist town of just under 7300 people, and had 23 officers before Claxton was killed.
It’s about 38 miles from “ Four Corners," where Utah, Colorado, New Mexico and Arizona meet. In Cortez, reality, fantasy and the media fused to create an apocalyptic vision worthy of an Oliver Stone movie. This is particularly ironic, since the only other mention of Cortez I’ve ever heard was in Stone’s film, “Natural Born Killers,” where Cortez is listed as one of the scenes of the fictional Mickey and Mallory Knox’s killing spree. “Natural Born Killers” is a bloody meditation on the role the media play in glamorizing murder and mayhem.
And like the killers in Stone’s film, these killers were not “ordinary.” They didn’t kill in some burned out inner city. They weren’t wearing
baggy pants, baseball hats or flashing gang symbols. They didn't use a handgun. No, these killers, about whom absolutely nothing was known, were immediately labeled “militia types” because they were “dressed in camouflage and black paramilitary gear.” Worse, these “militia types" had “fully automatic” weapons. Actually, the firearms involved have been identified as SKS rifles. Most SKS rifles arc not fully automatic, although it’s entirely possible that those in question were somehow converted. But is killing someone with a fully automatic weapon worse than killing someone with a bolt action rifle, or a semiautomatic pistol? What about clubbing someone to death with a baseball bat, stabbing him with a knife, or running him off the road?
Is shooting someone with an (allegedly) fully automatic SKS rifle worse than a government sniper with a high-power rifle killing an innocent woman holding her child? Is it worse than gassing and burning members of an unpopular religion? How does it compare with killing innocent bystanders while engaged in a high-speed chase of a teenager who ran a stoplight?
Later I learned that two SKS assault rifles (an assault rifle is by definition select fire, but the press uses the term to mean any Ugly Rifle, so I’m at a loss again), a duffel bag filled with ammunition, a two-way radio and a cell phone had been discovered. Worse, some of the ammunition was in .308 caliber, which would fit a “high power military rifle” (but not an SKS).
While this equipment was portrayed as indicative of serious and ex-
But is killing someone with a fully automatic weapon worse than killing someone with a bolt action rifle, or a semiautomatic pistol?
Vol. IV, No. 4
65
The RESISTER
tremely dangerous criminals, with the exception of the allegedly hilly-automatic SKS rifles, it's pretty ordinary stuff. Similar equipment could no doubt be found in the trucks of many local residents and tourists. .308 Winchester is one of the most commonly-used hunting cartridges. And while I don’t hunt, my weekend shooting expeditions often find me equipped with a military M-l carbine, a range bag full of ammo, and my cell phone. Sometimes I’m even carrying .308 ammo for my high-power long-distance target rifle. And I guess I should confess that my sun hat has a camouflage pattern.
Within hours of the shootings, students at Pleasant View School were stranded as school bus service was canceled. Several entirely innocent families were told they couldn’t go back to their homes, presumably because their presence might deter law enforcement officers from shooting at anything that moved. (Had it been for their own protection, I should think they’d have been given a choice!) A helicopter equipped with infrared night vision was in the sky by 10 PM.
By the next day, both the FBI and the National Guard were involved, along with specially equipped helicopters. Two hundred officers from four states and two Indian reservations were searching the ground. Computer checks ofMpersons of interest” were being run. Records of Mreccnt arrestec(s) who favored black army boots and green, brown and black camouflage clothing” were being reviewed.
For Your Protection
But who’s a “person of interest"? Judging from the above, I guess I am, although I've never been convicted of anything worse than speeding. Are you a “person of interest?” And what about those “recent arrestees?” Being arrested in no way means that you’re guilty of anything. And isn’t selectively targeting people based on their choice of clothing a violation of their civil liberties? Why are there even databases of what arrestees wear? Had the killers been wearing Utah Jazz T-shirts, no doubt the entire state ofUtah would now be
under martial law!
And what about the National Guard? Why is the military involved in law enforcement, in direct violation of posse comitatus? Because Colorado Governor Romer declared a “state of emergency” in order to mobilize the National Guard and utilize funds from the state Disaster Emergency Fund. (Governor Leavitt ofUtah also declared
that Mason held “anti-government" and “anti-law enforcement" beliefs, but there are certainly many noncriminal Americans who share those views. In fact, holding anti-government views is one of our rights as free citizens, and it shouldn’t in any way be considered evidence of criminal-ity.
On Ju ne 4, a San Juan County _______ (Utah) Sheriff’s
a state of emergency, n	r j deputy was shot and
but stated that the Remember, when fed- injured by a “camou-
Utah National Guard eral law enforcement flage-clad man" be-
would only be used to personnel carry assault hevedt0 one of
proyide transports- rifles that’s “good,” but Pfl3B tioniorbWAl ortic- ,	,	.	. y> 7	ban Juan River, just
ers.) If the murder of one single human truly warranted declaring a “state of^^BMB emergency,” then the National Guard would be patrolling the streets of every major city in this country on a permanent basis.
By June 2, the suspects had been identified, not as a result of exemplary police detective work or the intensive manhunt, but because an ex-girlfriend of one of the men snitched him off. The suspects: Alan Lamont “Monty” Pilon, Robert Matthew Mason, and Jason Wayne McVean.
According to the Denver Post: “It appears to us their friendship is based upon similar interests,” (Colorado Bureau of Investigation Director) Whiteside said.” (Huh? Aren’t most friendships based upon similar interests? Do we need the CBI to figure that out for us?) “They’re outdoorsmen and they have an interest in firearms and camping.”
“None of the men have any known affiliation with paramilitary groups,” (Cortez Police Chief) Lane said, “although Pilon may be ‘anti-government.’ Specifically, he is believed to be angry with the Internal Revenue Service.” (Say what? Isn’t everybody angry with the IRS?) Pilon also has a “criminal record” consisting of drunk driving and driving without a license.
In other words, while the media have done their best to portray these men as hardened criminals and terrorists, “a person who has an interest in firearms and camping and is angry at the IRS” could easily describe half the people I know! Later, Mason’s brother, who coincidentally works for the corrections department, reported
should a citizen have one, hes a “dangerous criminal.
IjUSt
outside Bluff, Utah. Later in the day, one of the suspects, subsequently identified as Mason, was found dead, apparently of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Bluff was immediately sealed and evacuated. All roads in the area were blocked and vehicles were searched at gun point. Armed personnel evacuated tourists rafting on the San Juan River. Even the National Park rangers were carrying M-16 (i.e., real) assault rifles. (Remember, when federal law enforcement personnel carry assault rifles that’s “good,” but should a citizen have one, he’s a “dangerous criminal.”)
And in yet another case of “life imitating Stone,” the Denver Post reported that “Gov. Roy Romer was flying with a team of CBI agents to the Four Corners area to assist in what he is now saying may be a well-planned conspiracy involving more than the three ‘young men who have demented minds.’” Assuming that the Post didn’t mean to say that Gov. Romer was assisting the “conspiracy," they must have meant that several CBI officers were occupied with guarding and entertaining the governor and his public relations staff, and were thus prevented from doing anything meaningful. No evidence of a conspiracy has yet been found.
High Speed, High Drag
A
fter ten days, San Juan County Sheriff Mike Lacy admitted defeat. “We have found no leads. We have nothing to
go on... We have not the slightest idea of where they are.”
The tally? One officer is dead, two injured. One alleged killer is dead, two escaped. At least $ 1.6 million has already been spent on law enforcement. And the search continues. Hundreds of innocent people were forced from their homes and deprived of their (real) civil rights. No doubt additional hundreds of innocent people were subjected to warrantless searches of their vehicles, searches that were conducted at gun point. Tourists had their vacations abruptly terminated.
Tourism, the major source of income in Bluff, is dead for the rest of the season. (Bluff has about 350 residents and hosts about 250,000 visitors a year.) The same can most likely be said for the entire Four Corners area. That hundreds or thousands of people may lose their jobs, businesses, homes and savings is irrelevant. What matters is that our masters once more put on a stunning show of force to remind us that they are our masters.
The media have colluded with the tyrants once again by vilifying gun owners and creating a new class of undesirables based on their clothing. Unfounded claims of lawless “militia-type” terrorists and vast, dangerous conspiracies, have once again been used to frighten the general public into believing they need 51 law enforcement agencies and the military to protect them from three criminals. Anger at the IRS, a nearly universal sentiment, has now been branded as “anti-government” and potentially criminal. Where does that leave those of us who are not only angry at the IRS, but angry at the FBI, BATF, DEA, FEMA, or even FICA?
If only it had worked out a little better, it would have been the blockbuster summer movie of 1998. After all, no one can tell the difference between “news” and fiction these days anyway. The story had all the right elements: lots of gunfire, terrified children, fleeing townspeople, mysterious military helicopters, and awesome scenery.
But alas, the combined forces of all those agencies, armed with the very best equipment, accomplished nothing more than creating another media feeding frenzy. The suspects were identified only because an ex-
girlfriend rolled. The only suspect ever found was dead, apparently by his own hand. And the “heroes” ended up looking like Keystone Kops.
In “Natural Born Killers”, Mickey and Mallory Knox escape and live happily ever after. It’s looking like Pilon and McVean may do the same. Life imitates art once again.
And to be perfectly honest, I’m conflicted about the I whole thing, as are many other people with whom I’ve discussed the Four Corners manhunt. One correspondent commented that he was glad he wasn’t in Bluff because he’d be dead, or more police would be dead, since he wouldn’t take kindly to being searched at gun point. Many expressed outrage that both military and law enforcement personnel were knowingly depriving residents and tourists of their natural rights. A few have expressed the opinion that since law enforcement and the military have now been given an unlimited license to kill as long as they do so “in the line of duty,” the only proper course for free people is to shoot them.
I can’t condone the unprovoked murder of a police officer. But neither can I condone the behavior of overzealous law enforcement and military personnel. I would not submit to being searched at gun point, nor would I agree to evacuate my home unless I thought it was dangerous to stay.
Even some area residents are skeptical of the “greatest Western manhunt in recent memory.” “There are all kinds of stories — people in Bluff claim they have seen these guys,” said 70-year-old Bluff resident R. G. Drummond. “But I can’t believe all these people stomping through the desert and flying over my head in those gizmos can’t find two people. I mean, what do you figure this is costing me?”
What Price Security?
What it is costing you, and everyone else, Mr. Drummond, is our freedom. When our militarized law enforcement launches an operation, the operant policy is “scorched earth.” Anything and everything that stands between them and their prey is destroyed as if by a plague of locusts. The Constitution is irrelevant. So are the rights of the people they claim to be “protecting."
Millions of men have fought to preserve our Constitution and our freedom. Is the life of one police officer, a man who took his own oath to defend our Constitution, worth surrendering our freedom and nullifying the law he swore to uphold? Why is the life of a law enforcement officer more valuable than the life of any other person? And why is the death of Officer Claxton more important than the death of any other law enforcement agent?
On June 5, Officer Chris Lydon of the California Highway Patrol was killed in an accident while pursuing a drunk driver. No suspect was arrested. On June 3, Agent Alexander Kirpnick of the Border Patrol in Arizona was killed while attempting to apprehend alleged drug smugglers. One of the suspects was captured, but four others escaped to Mexico. Yet there are no manhunts going on in California, nor have any cities been evacuated. The National Guard has not been mobilized to invade Mexico. I guess Orwell was right: All people are equal but some people are more equal than others.
Do you think you’re safe in your home? You’re not. You can be forceably “evacuated” any time law enforcement officers or the military decide to play “war games” and want a
But alas, the combined forces of all those agencies, armed with the very best equipment, accomplished nothing more than creating another media feeding frenzy. The suspects were identified only because an ex-girlfriend rolled. The only suspect ever found was dead, apparently by his own hand. And the “heroes” ended up looking like Keystone Kops.
“free-fire" zone. Are you, like many of us, planning a summer vacation? Think about it. The tiny, picturesque town you’re planning to visit may be evacuated, and you may spend your vacation in a junior high school gym. You maybe pulled out of a river or off a hiking trail and abruptly sent home. You and your vehicle maybe searched at gun point. Presumably you may also be detained should you be in possession of a politically incorrect firearm, book, or camping outfit.
This is America, folks, and you’d
w
better be prepared for what it’s become. We’re already living under martial law, and we only have ‘’rights’’ when our masters graciously allow us to exercise them. And a “right” than can be revoked at will is no right at all.
What will you do when some SWAT team performs a dynamic en-try into your bedroom at 2 AM? How I will you respond when you’re ordered to evacuate your home? What will you say to the officer who orders you out of your car at gun point? How do you explain any of this to your children? How do you protect them? You need to think through each of these scenarios carefully and decide what response is right for you. It’s not a movie. I can’t write the script for you, direct the action, or add a happy ending. It’s live, uncut, and unrated. There’s no “take two" and the blood is real. You get one chance, at most, so you’d better learn your lines and recognize your cues.
I cannot condone the murderous behavior of Pilon and McVean. But I applaud their escape and survival skills. Like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, who hid out in the same desolate valley, they are both outlaws and heroes. And I must admit, the fact that Pilon and McVean got away, even ifit’s only temporarily, gives me hope. Because if they can evade the combined forces of law enforcement and the military, others can too. And if it comes down to that, as I believe it will, I'd like to know that the real “good guys,” those people willing to resist a tyrannical police state in order to restore liberty, will stand a chance of prevailing.
InfonnafMMi for (hi* article wa* provided hy rIk out nr edition* of rfkc Salt Ukr Tribune. The Dctcrrt New*. The Denver Poet, AP Wire and the Officer Down Memorial Page, 9iVffK//www.ODMPofg "Nirvfal Bom Killer*" t* a film by Ofiver Scone, based on a serif* by Qpencin Tarantino.
New From C-FAR’s
Canadian Issues Series
Kenneth H.K Hilborn, UPKiL
*	How fanatics’ pursuit of “equality” has brought us the guillotine, gulags and “employment equity”
*	200 years of leftist ideology and tyranny explained
*	a clear introduction to the politics of the 90s.
Send me The Quest for “Equality” ($6 or two copies for $10)
Name:____________________________________
Address:__________________
Send to C-FAR, Box 332. RexdaJe, Ont, M9W 5L3
The RESISTER
From Trust to Terror
Radical Feminism is Destroying the U.S. Navy
by
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson
Praise for “From Trust to Terror”
$15.00 to:
No matter how inane, or destructive to the military ‘liberal’ and feminist social engineering fads are, the Starred Cowards will compel their implementation and punish those who dare speak out against the destruction.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA, Ret.)
Editor, The Resister
In his latest book, Dr. Atkinson presents irrefutable evidence that‘politically correct’ policies imposed upon naval aviation... have enforced double standards while making a mockery of the truth.... This is a blockbuster of a book and a ‘must read’ for patriotic Americans.
RADM C.A. ‘Mark’ Hill,Jr. (USN, Ret.)
Former carrier commanding officer and Asst. Chief of Naval Operations for Manpower
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
CDR Atkinson discloses the U.S. military’s biggest secret, the Stalinist atmosphere in which America’s fighting men must now work and suffer, forbidden to say what they know is the truth: that women have no legitimate place on a battlefield or a warship.
William S. Lind, Host ‘Next Revolution’ on NET-TV and former staffer to Senators Gary
Hart and Robert A. Taft, Jr.
BRIAN MITCHELL
WOMEN in the MILITARY
Flirting With Disaster
by
Brian Mitchell
Finally, the real—and devastating—story of the disastrous impact women
have on U.S. military readiness!
Captain Brian Mitchell reveals what top military leaders are afraid to admit. America’s effort to integrate women into the U.S. armed forces has seriously jeopardized our national security. Read firsthand:
The feminization of the military—a failure from West Point to Desert
Storm	...i'.
The true and horrifying story of women in Operation Desert Storm “Sensitivity training” for drill sergeants turns boot camp into day care Service academy honor codes corrupted—to protect co-education Senior officers forced to lie—or retire—to keep the truth buried
Please send me__copies of Women in the Military.
$20.00
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
Name ________
Address _____
City/State/Zip
The RESISTER
THE NEW TOTALITARIANs
Bosnia as a Mirror of America’s Future
Praise For This Book
In the cesspool of inverse morality that defines the New Totalitarians, the most
by
Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson
debased and degenerate of the counterculture elite sank straight to the bottom and became its leaders, and eventually our government.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA,Ret.) Editor,The Resister
(The book] builds a convincing hypothesis that the Clintons and their Boomer elitists... will destroy the institutions and traditions on which America was founded....
ADM Thomas H. Moorer (USN, Ret.)
Former Chairman, JCS
This important book clearly illustrates how the politically correct are transforming Marxism from economics into culture... when multiculturalism fails, as it always will, the result will be ‘bayonets.’
William Lind, Host ___________“Next	Revolution,"	NET-TV
This book reveals how Bill Clinton and his ‘New Totalitarian ’ are destroying Americas trusted institutions, including the nation’s military. Unless turned back, we will witness the collapse of our nation and with it our American Civilization.The New Totalitarians reveals:
The true reason Clinton committed troops to Bosnia
The parallels between Yugoslavia and America
Who these‘NewTotalitarians’ really are
The ‘New Totalitarians” agitprop agenda
How they are destroying the U.S. military from within
* $20.00
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
^^^^^^^^ash^none^orde^o^heck^Allow^veel^fo^elive^^^^^^^^
For anybody who dreams of the day when Communists twist in the wind... this book is a necessary reference.
SFC Steven Michael Barry (USA, Ret.)
Editor, The Resister
The Christie Institute's brand oflegal terrorism will continue until Congress corrects the current flaws in RICO.
Robert K. Dornan
LEGAL TERRORISM
Kl	by
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
With the growth of the more violent incidents of terrorism throughout the world, little attention has been paid to a more insidious form of activity which Dr. Huck defines as “Legal Terrorism.” Dr. Huck defines legal terrorism as a form of political warfare... designed to ruin a target’s life... via the courts by filing politically motivated civil suits against [patriots]. The primary practitioner oflegal terrorism has been the Christie Institute... a ‘liberal* church -funded tax exempt group.
$7.00 (softcover) $14.00 (hardcover)
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery.)
...Idrew the tides of men into my hands,
And wrote my will across the sky in stars. T.E. Lawrence
Books
If we advert to the nature ofrepublican government, we shall find that the censorial power is in the people over the government, and not in the government over the people.
James Madison, 1794
LIBERALS ARE COMMUNISTS
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
&
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
America's 30 Years War: Who is Winning? Balint Vazsonyi. Regnery Publishing Co., Washington, 1998. ISBN 0-89526-354-8. Cloth, 285 pages, index. S24.95.
Inevitably, members of the editorial staff end up reading the same books. In fact, there’s a great deal of reference material cross pollinat-ing going on as new works are discovered, or submitted as review copies by publishers, as old works are hunted down and rescued by a hair’s breadth from the clutches ofThe Censors, or long forgotten treasures — revealed as references in rescued “censor bait” — are unearthed after painstaking searches by obscure (and, all right, occasionally shady) book finders. The Resister reference library is on a holy mission: Rescue the body of anti-Communist literature published from the early 1900s to the early 1960s before the Ministry of Truth can com-
W
pletely eradicate any knowledge that there was resistance to the commu-nizing of America.
Dr. Huck and I obtained our copies of America s 30 Years War about the same time. I think we both recognized it as a classic (if contemporary) anti-Communist work after reading the first chapter. Dr. Huck submitted her review before I could begin mine, with
a remark to the effect, “go ahead and flesh it out; I didn’t have time to do it jus-1 tice.” Rather than take the “two heads are better than one” approach (coauthoring, which means you never
w
know which author is saying what), I thought it would bet- ——— ter to “double-tap” Balint Vazsonyi’s singular book with two reviews. SMB
Dr. Hucks Review
Well over ninety percent of Americas political science professors would vehemently denounce it. It exposes their game.
T
his is a tough book to review, and not for the usual reasons. Every single page of Vazsonyi’s book is saturated with validity, wisdom, and insight. It should be required reading in political science classes. No chance. Well over ninety percent of America’s political science professors would vehemently denounce it. It exposes their game.
Ba-lint Va-szho-nee — the name
isn’t tough. The author is a concert pianist who fled Hungary as the Soviet armor rolled in to end the nation s brief moment of freedom in 1956. In 1964, Vazsonyi proudly accepted the title of un-hyphenated American. Vazsonyi’s appreciation of America was profound from the start, because he landed in pre-Sixties America, when civility, decency, good nature, trust, and common sense prevailed. (Liberals like to call that a “myth,” but it’s not, for those of us who were there. We and our memories will die off.Totalitarians have ways of speeding up that process.)
I am reminded of another book by another European immigrant which is also highly recommended. It is The Character of Nations, by Angelo Codevilla. He, too, sees the contrasts, the trends, the problems, and the sources of the problems. For Vazsonyi, it was infinitely sad to find himself sitting through the early acts of a tragic play he had already seen.
“The term' politically correct’ first _|came to my atten-11 tion,” Vazsonyi recalls, “through the writings of Anton Semionovich Makarenko, Lenin’s expert on education.” He was therefore dismayed to hear standard socialist cant issuing from the mouths of his own music students, here in America, in the late 1960s.
Vazsonyi believes — and I agree — that he has put his finger on the core of the problem, located the basic source of conflict. He leads into it this way: “Brilliant and seasoned observers of the body politic have spoken of their respective concerns about judges who legislate, environmentalists who seem irrational, regulators who run amok, educators who
71
deconstruct the reasons for educa-tion, new citizens who neither speak the language nor understand the basics of America, armed forces constantly under attack from within, quota systems that defy the Constitution, or the news and entertainment media's frequent contempt for America. These pages will attempt to connect the many points of conflict that may appear separate, but are not.”
He winnows it down to two conflicting, “immensely powerful schools of thought,” labeled the Franco-German and the Anglo-American. The Franco-German school “attributes] to human reason an unlimited capacity to comprehend, evaluate, and arrange the affairs of our world."Theory first, followed by conformity — at gun point. The Anglo-American school “regards human reason as bounded by limitations, and in need of moral guidance as it attempts to provide for the future.” Thus, “observation, experience, and lessons learned” lead to the development of institutions.
What Vazsonyi does very well is to bring all this down to the level of our day-to-day affairs, while never failing to supply the historical background which Americans so often miss. He exposes the way we already endure a government of commissars, of bullies and fanatics clothed in a manner and degree of authority utterly foreign to the American tradition.
And Vazsonyi takes by the horns a problem which tends to paralyze the thinking, such as it is, and all action by “nice” people. He calls liberals communists. And he will prove it to you. Liberals spout the same doctrines, use the same tactics, claim the same fine-sounding goals, and in their hearts, aim for the same evil objective — total power.
One of the first real live communists I ever met face to face — disguised as and protected by liberals as a fellow liberal — was a philosophy professor at Hunter College in New York City. With a sardonic smile he baited me with this proposition: “In order to do total good, is it not necessary to have total power?" No aspect of human activity can rightfully escape them. Vazsonyi has been there, seen that, and knows that the Thought Police are being selected and groomed on nearly every American
campus, even as we speak.
American colleges and universities first accepted, then swallowed whole the sly political propaganda and mind-blasting nonsense passing as scholarship, and now they revel in it! Everything means nothing, declare the relativists, or it means whatever you believe it to mean, which comes to the same thing. Shakespeare or your shopping list, each a “text,” all the same. (So why spend money on college?They hope you won’t ask that question!)
As Vazsonyi notes, the discredited “National Standards for United States History" was“a disin-ferment and autopsy on three thousand years of greatness” performed by “crazed investigators” hoping to turn up oppression, exploitation, and repressed homosexuality. And “from positing that values do not exist, it is a relatively small step to asserting that facts do not exist either....”
“The foundations are cracked... it is only a matter of time before the entire edifice [of higher education] collapses.... Real science and bogus science cannot coexist for long, and bogus science — ‘ozone depletion,’ ‘global warming’... enjoys the enthusiastic support of the commissar establishment and, significantly, the news media.” That is, the propaganda organs.
Fabian socialism means just bringing it along slowly enough so that the marks don’t catch on. The endpoint of liberalism or socialism is inevitably communism. The usual blood-bath may be a matter of rushing things. Nowadays, people are so dumb or numb, in any case inert, that it is feasible to pick up the pace of “transformation."
If American liberals have not killed as many people as their counterparts overseas, it is simply because they have not disarmed us yet. It is quite obvious that they intend to do so, and it is equally obvious why.
Steven Barry’s Review
Opening Remarks
When I received my review copy of Balint Vazsonyi’s book, America's 30 Yean War: Who is Winning?, I thought, this is going to be a breeze to review. Instead, it has become a most difficult book to review for the simple reason
that Mr. Vazsonyi has condensed in a single volume the most articulate and candid description of how America is being communized that I’ve read in years. Think of America's 30 Years War as a tour guide book to America’s Communist led destruction from within. Mr. Vazsonyi highlights all the major points of interest, and leaves it to the reader to go explore those places in detail at his leisure. And Mr. Vazsonyi is particularly qualified to lead that tour. He’s lived under both national socialism and communism. When he points at something and says, that’s the work of Communists, you had better pay attention.
Liberals are Communists. That is not a hard concept to grasp once you realize what communism really is in light of its ideological origins. There is not a single Liberal contention or belief that, when carried to its logical conclusion, will not eventually result in communism, and I defy anyone to contradict that premise. What makes America s 30 Years War so hard for me to review is the fact that I’ve been saying Liberals are Communists for years, and Mr. Vazsonyi spares no ink in confirmation. So, while reading America's30 Years War, I would suddenly burst out, “I told them (my mates in the Army) that years ago!" Mrs. Barry would glance up from her book and reply, “You were preaching to heretics/ Mrs. Barry has a keen wit.
Fabian socialism means just bringing it along slowly enough so that the marks don’t catch on. The endpoint of liberalism or socialism is inevitably communism. The usual blood-bath may be a matter of rushing things.
Oh, there are technical distinctions between the classical evolutionary phases of communism; for example, “progressivism," mixed economy, welfare socialism, fascism, and socialism proper. But those are merely stages in a process leading to communism. Liberals do not “mean well." They are dictators and totali-tarians at heart. When you look into the eyes of a Liberal, you are gazing at the looming gates of collectivist Hell. I hate Liberals (Nazis and Communists) with diamond-like purity and perfection.
Mr. Vazsonyi’s workis based on his direct personal experience of living under both national socialism and the Bolshevik variety. Thus his uncanny ability to recognize Communists when he encounters them, their ideas when they present them, and recognize their language when he reads them or hears them, went a long way to confirm my conviction that Liberals are Communists. Because Mr. Vazsonyi (rightly) docs not draw fine distinctions between Nazis and Communists, whom he calls “the same people in the same shiny leather coats,” there is no need to prolong my customary opening essay, so we’ll jump right to the meat of America's 30 Years War.
Nothing Up My Sleeve...
Liberals want you to believe that communism is dead, socialism has failed, and that “free trade" and democracy has won the ideological struggle of the 20th Century. What Liberals do not tell you is that democracy has been the political battle cry of Communists since the early 1800s, and “free trade” has always meant international, Communist manipulated mercantilism. “Every day,” Mr. Vazsonyi writes, “serious persons tell us that ‘communism has lost,’ ‘socialism has collapsed,’ ‘conservatism is taking over America.’ Each of these is an inaccurate assumption, or the product of wishful thinking.” In fact, we are, he assures us (remember folks, he’s experienced this unfolding before) moving steadily toward communism, “not in the sense of Stalin’s gulag or Mao’s Cultural Revolution, but as a logical end state where the objective
of socialism, ‘social justice,’ has been achieved.” And in that remarkably candid snapshot of America’s domestic mind-set for the past 40 or so years,' Mr. Vazsonyi! named The Beast that has been eating at our culture and society: its name is “social justice.”
You see, communism qua communism has nothing to do with gulags, or secret police, or censorship, or any of the other trappings of totalitarianism. Those, and other manifestations of tyranny, are effects, not causes. Reduced to its fundamental notion, communism is the exercise of “social justice” fueled by democracy. In fact, there are no more impatient nor more vocal proponents of democracy than Communists. “Marx radiates a degree of anger, aggression, and sheer ugliness of mind,” writes Mr. Vazsonyi, “that would make acceptance of his thought difficult, were the thought persuasive.” Indeed, Marx does not persuade honest, hard working Americans — except when they are intimidated by “laws" into silence or compliance by Liberal howls of “racist” or “sexist” or “anti-government” when they object to being robbed and murdered in the name of “social justice.” Marx’s “ugliness of mind” does, however, persuade parasites who demand the unearned, politicians who redistribute expropriated wealth to their parasitic constituencies, academics who write polemics justifying “social justice,” and media sciolists who daily propagandize for yet more “social jus-tice.
“Honest discussions" about America’s slide into socialism “are hampered by the mistaken assumption that communism is Russian, or that communism and national socialism... are on opposite sides,” writes Mr. Vazsonyi. He points out that Communist ideas and ideology were smuggled into American political discourse over a period of decades by exploiting “traits that come naturally to American’s, such as caring and compassion.” Communist ideas and ideology have become so pervasive
throughout every institution that nobody questions them. The term “social justice" is merely one — although the most important — example of this dullness of intellect. “The words themselves are among the most successful deceptions ever conceived,” because nobody can define what “social justice” means.
But whatever definitions arc given, “All ‘definitions’ of social justice boil down to any of the following:
(1)	somebody should have the power to determine what you can have, or
(2)	somebody should have the power to determine what you can not have, or
(3)	somebody should have the power to determine what to take away from you in order to give it to others who receive it without any obligation to earn it."
Which nicely sums up so-called Liberalism, as “Liberals” are always clamoring to be the somebody who “should have the power..." in order to inflict dictated “good” on innocent, hard working, honest people whose aspiration is simply to be left alone to lead productive lives. The Communist notion of “social conscience” is central to “a systematic perversion of the language... to plant the thought that ‘social’ infuses everything with a positive content... [and] surround the word ‘socialism’ with a positive aura.” The adjective “social” when tacked on to a noun, “far from adding anything, in fact drains all nouns to which it is attached of content or meaning.” What, Mr. Vazsonyi asks, “would our conscience not prompt us to do that our ‘social’ conscience would... what does ‘social’ add... other than a political slant?’’That, of course, is a rhetorical question, given the fact that Americans — even those who should know better — now blither stupidly (my words, not Mr. Vazsonyi’s) about “social” this, and “social” that, and mindlessly accept — without even bothering to wipe the drool from their
Reduced to its fundamental notion, communism is the exercise of “social justice” fueled by democracy. In fact, there are no more impatient nor more vocal proponents of democracy than Communists.
chins — the notion of “social science." There is only one thing the adjective “social" adds to a noun; a government gun pressed against your temple to enforce compliance. Why do you think we now have faceless “law enforcement officials" instead of neighborhood policemen... hmm?
The b\AV.oiAmericas 30 Years War is devoted to concrete examples ofhow “social justice" and “social conscience” (in other words, communism) have invaded and infected both the American ethic of independence and self-reliance in general, and American culture specifically, for the expressed purpose of herding America into the socialist cesspool.
...Presto!
Communism is a religion, Mr. Vazsonyi reminds us. A religion of man and group worship. “Among other things, it advocated replacing Christian concepts of an abstract struggle between Good and Evil with a most tangible struggle between groups who would henceforth be defined as ‘good’ or 'evil.'" Naturally, ideological commissars decide who is “good” and who is “evil." Thus were rational race, sex, culture and religious distinctions first vilified, then set up as “racism,” “sexism," “paternalism" and “bigotry” straw men to be knocked down by Communists in their “social conscience” cause of relativistic egalitarianism. “Not even the possibility of individual redemption was left open in this punitive world. There was no escape from the group. Once a capitalist, always a capitalist. Once a Jew, always a Jew. (Once a white male, always a white male.)"
Sound familiar? It should; “Marx’s most outstanding pupils, Vladimir Ilyich Lenin and Adolph Hitler, chose from their master's repertoire according to their personal preferences, while remaining mindful of local conditions. Lenin chose class, Hitler chose race. Both were crude, both killed millions in the process.” American Communists (“Liberals") are not so crude. In fact, they're quite sophisticated. Let's face facts; they know their intended victims (white males) are armed and are, for the most part, fiercely independent, and have,
for the most part, some military training. That complicates “progress” for American Communists, so their pogroms are more intellectual in nature. I mean, if Communists can slowly poison the minds of tomorrow’s generations with the fluoride of egalitarian “social justice," and get “laws” passed to compel it, why should they risk stopping a bullet today?
Communists love “-isms." They create “-isms” out of thin air know-1 ing that people will accept them without making the slightest intellectual effort to critically analyze what those “-isms” really mean.I “True to its tradition of using arbitrary and contradictory words to camouflage substance, the Franco-German line has been known as stat-ism, collectivism, socialism, fascism, nazism, communism, bolshevism, Maoism, or modem liberalism.
The “-ism" in each label is significant.
The need to paint the Anglo-American side also as an (-ism’ led to the term 'capitalism,' which was
Proposed by those who opposed it." n other words, the word “capitalism” is a Communist smear, a Marxist swear word meant to derogate freedom of enterprise, property ownership and the “extended order of cooperation” (division of labor) that guarantee true Liberty and general prosperity. “It is inaccurate to use the label ‘capitalism’ because all other *-isms’ prescribe a set of conditions to which society must conform, if necessary through coercion or by force.”2 In fact, our nomenklatura inspired “capitalism” requires as much planning and regulation — and therefore government force — as socialism. If you doubt it, simply observe the workings of so-called “free trade” and the international treaty organizations like NAFTA and WTO that were created to regulate the “Global Economy" ana crush anyone who takes true freedom of enterprise seriously. Or, domestically, observe the workings of America’s Gosplan (the State Planning Commission), the Federal Reserve.
Commissars
Commissars, Mr. Vazsonyi warns, are everywhere. They exist at all levels of government, in schools and universities, in the media and publishing houses, in churches, and yes, even in the military. It’s easy to recognize a commissar when you meet one. They are “either uninterested or unsuccessful in traditional fields of endeavor, possibly even averse to productive work.”
folks, communism — modern “liberalism” — is a religion) is to proselyte the weak minded and criminalize (or terrorize) the intractable. Thus are young children, having been sentenced to Dewey Camps, encouraged to inform on their parent’s conversations and activities, and so is anyone (in particular white men) who objects to abridgments of their natural rights, personal liberties, or private property excoriated as “anti-government extremists."
Entire government agencies function as Commissariats. Witness the Department of Education, Health and Human Services, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Energy, Department of Commerce, National Endowment for the Arts, ad absurdum, ad captan-dum vulgus. “The extent of [America's commissariat] is best illustrated by the enormous growth of the welfare recipient/social worker pool, in which two persons, neither of whom engages in productive work,
Aside from incompetence and sloth, the sure way to recognize a commis-
___________ sar is that they need
ry-,,	, “to be fully occupied
I he evangelical cru- by ‘social issues,’”
Sade of America’s	which leaves them
commissars (remem- “little room for real
ber folks, communism
’	t	kind. Commissars
modern liberal- created and occupy“a
ism”----is a religion) is whole new layer of
to proselyte the weak society that exists fon
minded and criminalize (or terrorize) the intractable.
the sole purpose of accumulating government sanctioned “powers to enforce the new creed.” These commissars are America’s Thought Police.
The evangelical crusade of America’s commissars (remember
perpetuate one another at the expense of those who do.” And don’t even think about resisting, especially by trying to undo your child’s government sponsored brainwash. “Parents learn early that the price of interfering with school-based commissars invites the attention of other commissariats, ranging from the 'social services’ all the way to the courts.” Nonetheless, you’re still required to pay extortion squeeze to support the “school-to-work” apparatus and consent to having your child’s mind mangled.
America’s commissars know better than to simply shred the Constitution and impose communism by decree. (Remember those intractable, armed “extremist’’white men?) Commissars are, after all, cowards (why else would they cloak themselves with government “jobs” and shield themselves behind government badges?). Much better to call the Constitution (immutable law) a “living document” (ever fluctuating whim) and force people to believe that lie through the expedient of Supreme Court decisions. Commissars exist for a single purpose — to instill fear and uncertainty. In Bolshevik Russia their victims were anybody designated as a kulak or bourgeois or an “exploiter” or a “counterrevolutionary.” In America, commissar victims are anybody who is industrious or productive — or who has defiantly retained his own mind and who has the temerity to object to having his liberty and property rights abridged on the altar of “social justice.”
I’m going to stop at this point, before I say something that can be used against me in a court of “law.” This review merely skimmed the surface of Mr. Vazsonyi’s singular work. If you love America — well, what it once was — buy this book! If you’re in the military, you need to read this book; if only to de-indoctrinate yourself. It’s a pretty sad commentary on the American polity that a Hungarian emigre had to explain to Americans how and why they are forfeiting their nation to communism. Shame!
Bravo, Mr. Vazsonyi, fellow American.
NOTES:
’Mr. Vazsonyi places the date of the beginning of America’s destruction about the mid 1960s. He explains his starting point as the first time in our nations history that “an entire generation had turned against their nation.” (Telephone conversation, 24 September 1998.) Personally (and for the pur-
Foses of my own research starting point) place it about 1820 because thet is about when the infection began. This difference is not a quibble between historians, merely a variance of perspective on the same subject.
Tor another explanation of “capitalism,” what it means, and who invented it, see: George Knupffer, The Struggle For World Power: Revolution and Counter-Revolution, 4th edition (unknown: privatly published, 1988), ISBN 0-85172-703-4, pp. 46 - 57. Astute readers will have noticed that The Resister has been easing off its use of the word “capitalism” in favor of laissez faire and other terms referring to freedom of enterprise. I honestly didn’t know “capitalism” was a Communist swear work until I began digging into Marxist lexicography in detail, oh, about a year ago. Like I keep telling people; being in the military is like living in a monastic order.
The RESISTER
LIBERALISM’S
HARVEST
by
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
The Corner. David Simon and Edward Burns. Broadway Books, New York, 1997. $15.00 softcover.
If you’re up for it, Simon and Burns
offer you a picture-windowviewofthe
welfare leisure class and “drug culture” in West Baltimore. You may have to pick up a new vocabulary, but you can “get it” in context.The book has been succinctly described as “Dickens with dope,” but I'm not sure Dickens ever conjured up the likes of these folks.
“Hangin’ with the corner boys” is what authors Simon and Burns — both white — managed to do during calendar year 1993. Simon had spent 1991 with a Baltimore homicide squad to produce Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets, and saw another book in looking at the picture from the other side. He and Burns, a retired police officer, also knew that one eventually becomes part of the scenery. They did, and the result is a revelation.
1 had read nearly all 535 pages with ghastly fascination before coming upon the selection of reviewers’ accolades. I agreed with some and laughed aloud at others. “It is impossible [not to] feel stunned by the high price, in human potential, in thwarted aspirations.... [T]he utter failure of so much public policy....”
What human potential?Thwarted by whom} As for “public policy,” open The Comer and meet people born at taxpayer expense, and supported by you ever since. They kill each other — not often enough — or they die at taxpayer expense — not soon enough.
“Check day” is the monthly transfusion of money from those who earned it to those who have no need to earn it. The money will last more or less a week if you want to stay high on reasonably good stuff. Kids take Mom’s “Independence Card" — a
government credit card which gives them dignity, you know — and trip down to the ATM money-mine. When the balance says $0.00, it’s only temporary. You can sell the food stamps at “eighty cents, sixty, even fifty cents on the dollar” as things tighten up toward the end of the lunar period.
Filling in are “hustles, capers, and crimes.” The authors adopt the local fine distinctions here. ________
enough to cover all the material, equipment, and tools which will disappear.
Simon and Burns introduce us to a neighborhood which was “good,” you see, until about thirty years ago. This is the neighborhood in which “the sage of Baltimore,” H.L. Mencken grew up. It was German and Irish, and when the first blacks moved in, they were mainly good people. But with the Sixties, “the times” changed — welfare programs meant no need to work, a sense of grievance developed, school became “irrelevant,” and “blockbusting" — driving the whites to sell at knockdown prices and move out — was a thriving industry. And drugs, offering instant self-gratification and gradual self-destruction! (AIDS is familiarly known as “the Bug.")
Meet Rita, the shooting gallery “nurse.” In exchange for a bit of everybody’s drugs, Rita will find a vein where medical professionals would be stumped. Her own self-gratifying hits have provided her with - an arm so gangrenous that only desperate addicts can bear the stench. The cops wouldn’t dream
Basically, it s cheat- Vandalism and HU ing and stealing, and	.	,	.	. ,	,
then the really bad ery isn t^crime, It S thel stuff is crime. There most “work” these . are few strangers to people ever do. Strip- °famstingher.They| cheat or to steal from, •	j	./j	prod	her into a sepa
so it’s a matter of Ping h.omes and build- rate room while go-stealing from neigh- ing-sites and lugging ing about their
the stuff away can be heavy laoor.
bors and family members, with Clinton-style lying going on non-stop. ———— “Property crimes” simply cannot engage the attention of the police. They are attempting to hold locally-recognized “crime” down to a dull roar. A rowhouse left empty when the inhabitant was raped and murdered is immediately taken over for use by another rapist and murderer preying upon local girls. By general agreement, this is “crime.”
Vandalism and thievery isn't crime, it’s the most “work” these people ever do. Stripping homes and building-sites and lugging the stuff away can be heavy labor. The womenfolk don’t have to do it. Once proudly-maintained homes become pigsties, then shooting-galleries and criminal lairs, then stripped ruins, then “rehab” projects for affirmative-action contractors who have to be paid
business.
Education! That’s the answer! School... is a place to go from time to time, to socialize, show off expensive new clothes, be warm and fed, play basketball, and be praised as a child of promise ifyou can read aloud the words of the Reverend Doctor You-Know-Who. If you stick it out, they will most likely hand you a diploma, but why bother? So much for the “human potential” and “thwarted aspirations.” Thinking is a nonstarter. The time-horizon is measured in hours to the next blast.
As for “drug education,” they be laughin’ at whatyow don’t know. How about “drug treatment”? Detox is a vacation you can take dozens of times. Depart “clean” and mouthing good intentions, sign up for courses at the community college, they hand you an algebra book, and how you gonna going to trade that for drugs? I n a way,
The RESISTER
jail is inconvenient but it has its mo-| ments.
The authors, Simon and Burns, have seen it all, but perhaps excursions into libthink are the price of publication. From page 372 to 379 and intermittently elsewhere, the blame goes one way and the excuses another. “For more than two decades [welfare] has been a bribe... stripped of its higher ideals... [which] called for a process by which poor and damaged citizens could be rescued and made whole, but such a process has proven more costly and problematic than anyone initially imagined. So the nation has retreated from that commitment, using check day as a rear guard. The pretense of salvaging human beings has been gradually reduced to a string of elemental transactions.Take this. Shut up. Stay put until next month.” Repeat this message for eight pages. Only a small percentage of the gross national product is sent down this rat hole, and if these people aren’t paid off, they will come to your neighborhood and take their “entitlements.”
Suppose we fight back?
WHYDO WE AMERICANS SUBMIT TO THIS?
by
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
A New Book From America s Most Damning Critic of
Liberals
Why Do We Americans Submit to...
What?
The D-List—This is what liberals like to see in the rest of us.
Dumb, as in “dumbed down" and mute.
Docile, ready to be guided and trained, ready to accept any outrage.
Deprived of as much of our income as we will allow to be taken from us.
Dispossessed of more and more property rights.
Denied as many of our other rights as we will allow to be taken from us.
Devalued as citizens by the creation of hordes of “instant voters" in time for elections.
Demoted from independent citizens to dependent subjects.
Deceived by the current propaganda line, whatever it may be.
Diverted from an examination of the true situation.
Denounced for destroying the earth, oppressing “others," harboring bad thoughts....
Defensive and guilt-ridden about something or other, all the time.
Deracinated, if white — forbidden a sense of racial identity or pride.
Divided into “groups" or “blocs" for easy manipulation.
Demeaned, as liberals in government assert authority over private and family affairs.
Degraded by the squalor of public miseducation and government corruption.
Displaced from schools and jobs by federal pressure favoring federally-favored groups.
Dispirited in the face of so much gone wrong, and so little chance of fixing it.
Disoriented by inversion of laws and values — what is right is now wrong, what is bad is now good — and vice versa, of course.
Demoralized by the realization that any attempt to oppose liberalism will be ridiculed, denied institutional support, marginalized, and punished.
Disorganized as foundations expend their tax-free fortunes by organizing synthetic “groups" and anointing “leaders" to carry out foundation plans. There is no such support for those opposing foundation-sponsored “planned social change."
Descabezado, or “beheaded," deprived of leadership; potential leaders who are aware of and opposed to the plans of the liberal Establishment can expect to be smeared and, if that doesn't work, ruined in some manner, usually financially.
And finally...
Disarmed is the ultimate liberal precaution. Anything can be done to diarmed people, as the history of the Twentieth Century more than amply demonstrates.
©1997 by Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
$20.00 RESISTER Books
Cash, Money Order, or Check
(Allow 5 weeks for delivery) Fayetteville, NC 28303
strictions, licenses, duties, tariffs,
Competitor?
by
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
The Partisan: Journal of the American Freedom Fighter. Robert Glass, Publisher. PO Box ICS5, Longmont, CO 80502; (#303-530-4635, (0303-530-2808. Quarterly, S19.95 per annum. Sample, S5.95.
When Jim Pate of Soldier of Fortune, called me last year and said 1 should talk to Mr. Glass, a Resister reader and firearms store owner, reference his plans to publish a magazine called The Partisan, 1 admit my first reaction was some uncomfortable language. I had spent a lot of time experimenting with The Resister % format and features titles, and 1 had already been approached by several individuals who wished to use the title “The Partisan” for their own efforts, who 1 told that 1 preferred they didn’t and suggested to them several alternate titles. When 1 spoke with Mr. Glass he said that he had been planning The Partisan for several years, had checked the Library of Congress registry and the title “The Partisan” was not copyrighted. He was right. (Observant readers will have noticed that The Resister now carries an ISSN number.) The short of our conversation was that 1 agreed Mr. Glass had the right to use the title because I had not copyrighted it, and 1 wished him (sincerely) success in his venture.
Mr. Glass has put together, insofar as I can determine from his premier issue, a rather pleasing publication that concentrates on such workaday subjects as weapons and uniform selection mixed with political commentary articles. Consider a quote from The Partisans first editorial, “WhyThe Partisan?**: “The myriad taxes, rules, regulations, re-
permits and statutes that have been imposed upon us by our own government dwarf those that were placed upon the American colonies by King George....The rift between those who advocate the continued drift toward socialism and those who yearn for the freedom of a constitutional republic grows ever deeper.” Indeed.
There are any number of publications and organizations that claim their purpose is to educate the public on how America is being destroyed from within by our enemies domestic. What most people who subscribe to those publications and organizations eventually come to ask is, “O kay, I’m educated — when do we start fighting back?” In its advertisements, The Partisan promises, “The time for complacency is over!” What remains to be seen is how far Mr. Glass intends to take that statement in The Partisans pages. Discussions about weapons and uniform selection are helpful but all too common in those mass market publications for whose audience he seems to be competing. How well will a quarterly compete with monthlies running the same types of articles? Time will tell.
In a telephone conversation with Mr. Glass I expressed some disappointment that he had uncritically (in my opinion) accepted our domestic enemy’s definitions of “racism” and 1 ‘antisemitism." He remarked that several Resister readers with whom he had spoken following last issue’s obituary on Bella Abzug’s execrable life had evinced some concern about The Resisters rather light-handed treatment of the subject of Jewish led Bolshevism in America. However, the political history of the destruction of America from within is not the editorial thrust of The Partisan. As Mr. Glass commented during our conversation, “If everybody agreed, this would be a pretty boring place to live.” I agree.
The editorial tone of The Partisan is decidedly Libertarian, and articles treating martial subjects are geared toward utility in guerrilla warfare. That is, to say the least, an interesting mix. Personally, I am looking forward to seeing how The Partisan evolves. Mr. Glass has put a great deal of effort into The Partisan, and we here at The Resister wish him success jn his venture.____________________
Ovtr
ioaooo
Software & Hardware
A&R Publishing On-line Computer Superstore
www.T-publithing.com
Bookstore: http://www.ar-publishing.com/aeh-publishing
Please visit my Freedom Bookstore at the website listed above my logo. I offer books and publications that will educate you, and whom ever you wish to share this knowledge with, on the issues of Taxes, Law, Liberty, Rights and the relationship between Free Individuals and government Too many Americans are ignorant of what was given us by our Founders. To assert one’s Rights, one must know and understand what they are. Government has become the master and wWeThe People” slaves! Enjoy the books! PLease visit our Computer Store at the website listed at the bottom of this Ad; for ALL your software/hardware needs. Secure on-line ordering with fast delivery to your home/office and all at excellent prices. Download software for a FREE trial before you buy...our most popular area!
Computer Store at: http://www.ar-publishing.com
NETWORK INFORMATION SHARING
Was Abraham Lincoln Really Honest?
Have You Ever Wondered About...
Why the Government bailed out Mexico?
Why you can't seem to find an American-made product in the store?
Why America's Middle East policy makes no sense?
Why the Government institutes more gun laws? Who are die stockholders of the Federal Reserve? Why congress approved die NAFTA agreement without one single congressman having read it? Who really controls the American Government? What organization completely dominates our State Department?
What is the relationship between the CFR, TQ Bilderbergers and Bones?
How the EC and NAFTA are the same thing?
Only by reading:
The Satori And The
New Mandarins will you learn the answers to these and many other questions. As Ezra Pound said “Until you know who has lent what to whom, you know nothing whatever of politics .. or history.”
ISBN #0-87319-044-4 342 pages - $14.95
List price, $14.95 at all bookstores or $16.95 postpaid from the publisher, Hallberg publishing Corporation, P.O. Box 23985, Tampa, Florida 33623 For additional information call 800-633-7627 or Fax 800-253-7323.
“Military government is thus placed within the domain of international law, its rules the laws of war, while martial law is within the cognizance of municiple law.”
-Major General W.E Btrkhimcr,
LLB., 1914.
One Artist...
Illustrating the Obscure
Fallacies of American Politics
Illustrative Newsletter Explaining the Importance of the History of Law, and Solution to Emergency Powers.
Four issues per year for donation of 15.00 Pint Office Money Order or Cash ONLY to:
Michael Pauli McClinton. general delivery.
Girard Post Office.
Girard, Pennsylvania.
For One 16-Page Issue, Send donation of 5.00.

The RESISTER
An excerpt from the Eugenic Manifesto. ”
For a free copy of the “Eugenic Manifesto,” from which the below is an excerpt, please write to: P.O. Box 72, New Concord, KT42076
The subtitle of Darwin’s Origin of Species is “On the origin of species by means of natural selection or the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life"* The human race has evolved to its present state of intelligence and power because of “the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life."* “Race”* is the central mechanism of cvolu-J tion that has created all living things. “The preservation of favored races”* is a simple process to understand, but its effects over time arc awesome. If we examine the process, we find that at some stage in evolution we can observe a group of individuals of a single species which exist in an area segregated from other members of that same species. As a result of chance mutation, there occur genetic variations in some members of that segregated group. As the generations continue to reproduce, these genetic variations accumulate in the progeny of that segregated group. At first, the accumulated genetic variations do not make the segregated group different enough from the original species to justify calling the segregated group a new species or even a new “favored race"* of the original species. However, after many generations, the segregated group or tribe which had accumulated sufficient genetic differences would be called a new “race”* of the original species. Over time, these newly developed segregated races continue to accumulate genetic differences through chance mutation, variation, etc. The “fav-| ored"* variations increase the survivability of the “race”* which carries them.
Once this new “favored race”* has become different enough from the original species, it is called a new species. Hence the subtitle, “On the origin of species by means of natural selection or the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life."* There is really no probability that the “races"*' would be equal. In fact, the whole notion runs directly counter to all evolutionary theory and to the whole science of biology.
Given the laws of biology, it would be a great surprise if the average strength or intelligence of one “race”* was found to be exactly equal to the average strength or intelligence of a different “race."* Despite the controversy surrounding “race,"* it is not particularly useful to know which “race"* happens, as the result of an accident of evolutionary development, to have greater average strength or greater average intelligence because one could not predict from this average that any particular individual member of one “race,” was going to be superior or inferior to any particular individual member of a different “race."* There are superior and inferior, strong and weak, intelligent and unintelligent individuals in all “races."* Regardless of “racial"* averages, one would still have to judge each individual on the basis of individual merit without reference to the average of the group to which he happened to belong. Only by judging people as individuals, could we avoid injustice and enable all people to make the maximum contribution to society. There is no such thing as a superior “race”* per se, in the sense that every member of one “race”* is superior to every member of another

■ •

“race."* Neither is there such a thing as “racial”* equality in the sense that the average strength or intelligence of one “race”* is equal to the average strength or intelligence of every other “race.”* By judging people as individuals, one could perhaps identify a (superior) sociobiological class which might be a cross section of all “races”* although probably not in equal proportion. The only way you could have a (superior race] would be if a “favored race”* evolved into and became the next more highly evolved species above homosapiens, in which case it would become a superior species. Eugenics is a moral commitment not a racial affiliation and any “race”* that adopted a eugenic program could, given sufficient time, evolve into and become the next more highly evolved species above homo-sapiens. It is our hope that all “races”* will accept that moral responsibility and accomplish that objective, but it can not be accomplished within the political, philosophical and religious milieu of the 20th century.
*Origin Of Species, Chari.ES Darwin
For a free copy of the “Eugenic Manifesto,” from which the above is an excerpt, please write to: P.O. Box 72, New Concord, KY 42076
ADVERTISEMENT
“FAVORED RACES”