il
These so-tailed governments are in reality only great bands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert.
Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to be truely so, must be right in itself;
yet many things have obtained the name of ights, which are originally founded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
Volume VI
Summer/Autumn 2000
Number 1
PUBLISHED QUARTERLY BY
John P. Zenger Press, Ltd.
$15.00
HOW AVAILABLE..
A Book You
Will Want To Read...
WHO
SHALL
ASCEND?
Fr. James F. Wathen, O.S.J.
A Companion Book to The Great Sacrilege by the Same Author
A Treatise on The Catholic Faith & The Conciliar Church
Chapters dealing with...the Dogma of Faith, Moral Responsibility, Charity & Justice, Pacifism & the Morality of War, Socialism, the Demise of Communism, the Second Vatican Council, the Conciliar Popes, Sedevacantism, the present duty of Catholics, and other subjects—680 pages, in paperback. Both Who Shall Ascend? and The Great Sacrilege are essential reading for serious-minded Catholics.
•	Who Shall Ascend?................................$35.00 (P&H $3.00)
•	The Great Sacrilege..............................$10.00 (P&rH $1.50)
•	You can receive both titles for..................$40.00 (P&H $4.50)
USE THE COUPON BELOW, ORDER BY CHECK OR MONEY ORDER
Yes, please send me:	 copies	of	Who	Shall	Ascend?
______copies of The Great Sacrilege
NAME_____________________________________  __________________________________
STREET ADDRESS ______________________________________________________________
CITY___________________________________STATE___________ZIP___________________
Enclosed is my check or money order for $_________________
Payable to: PRIORY of ST. JOHN the BAPTIST Book Fund 3014 S. Third Street Louisville, Kentucky 40208 Phone (502) 637-3839 / Fax (502) 634-9530
Book(s) will be sent immediately. This flyer may be copied; selling these books is an apostolate lor us.
Publisher John Peter Zenger Managing Editor SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.) AssodattEditor Susan L.M. Huck, PhD.; Contributing Editors Samuel Nicholson;
Ingrid Rim]and, Ed.D.;
John Bolton Rescarob Department The Aunts Research Associates; McCann Research Associates; Emmerich Research Associates; Illustrator Michael Paul; McClinton Advertising & Marketing Peter Yarborough Distributism Sandy Brighton Amnhnti www.theresister.com
ISSN: 1099-9140
The Resister is published quarterly by Special Forces Underground and John P. Zenger Press. Address correspondence to: Baxholder, PO Box 35046, Fayetteville, North Carolina 28303, U.S.A. Subscription price: U.S., 850.00; Foreign, 8US75.00; Library, 8150.00 per year. Single copy; 815.00. The editor will consider unsolicited material, but is not obligated to acknowledge receipt or to return manuscripts. Any contributor who is not notified by The RESISTER within 90 days after submitting a manuscript may assume that The RESISTER is unable to publish the material. Copyright C 2000 by The Resister. All rights reserved. Requests to reprint or republish any article in this issue, by any means or method now known, or invented in die future, must be submitted in writing to the publisher._____________________
Statement of Editorial Policy The philosophy ofThe Resister is straightforward: Individual rights, strict constitutional construction, limited republican government, nationalism, isolationism and freedom of enterprise; in short, the principles upon which America was founded. We oppose: Socialism, atheism, naturalism, egalitarianism, feminism, democracy, internationalism, Zionism and the United Nations; in short, the ideologies of all tyrannies.
These so-called governments are in reality only great bands of robbers and murderers, organized, disciplined, and constantly on the alert Lysander Spooner, 1869
A right, to be truely so, must be right in itself; many things have obtained the name of rights, which are originally founded in wrong. Thomas Paine, 1780
Volume VI	Summer/Autumn 2000	Number	1
CONTENTS
FEATURES
Correspondence	03
Editorials & Commentaries
Writer’s Block	16
America’s Death By 1000 Cuts	22
Horror Quotes	40
Commentaries	45
Periodic Intelligence Report	49
Books & Reviewables
Soviet-Russian Chem. & Bio. War	86
Don’t Save Her!	93
The ANTI-FEDERALIST
Is Any ofThis Connected? Dr. Gerald L. Atkinson	54
The Irving - Lipstadt Trial Dr.Ed., Igrid Rimland	61
The PARTISAN	
Roadblocks	74
Colonel GA Wade, M.C. Clandestine Technical Communications	81
“Sparks” Near Infrared Sensors	83
SFC F.D. Godman	
Vol. VI, No. 1
1
The RESISTER
DIARIES
What will you do when they come to take your guns?
When, in the not-too-dlstant future, the U S. bans the private possession of firearms and stages the Gun Raids to round up suspected gun owners, Ear) Turner and his fellow patriots are forced underground. The hated Equality Police begin hunting them down, but the patriots fight back with a campaign of sabotage and assassination. As the struggle escalates an all-out race war occurs, with the government enlisting the non-White minorities to put down the White rebels. Turner I and his comrades suffer terribly, but their Ingenuity and boldness in devising and | executing new methods of guerrilla warfare lead to an eventual victory of catadys-1 mic intensity and worldwide scope.
This is the book which the FBI and the controlled media have been claiming is the 'blueprint" for everything from the Oklahoma City bombing to the takeover of the U.S. government by 'White extremists.* It is the 'Bible* of the 'racist right,' they say. It is the book most hated and feared by the gun-control crowd.
Too many things predicted in the book have been coming true, they believe, and they're afraid feat if more people read the book the rest of it also may come true Actually, says the author, the book is merely a vehicle, in the form of an exciting novel about urban guerrilla warfare and revolution, for his ideas about race and society. You'll have to read it for yourself to see who's right.
THE TURNER DIARIES 211 pages soft cover	$12.95
* r
"White Power, White Pride!"
A Dobra and Sftophan* L SKanka-Ua»ta
WHITE POWER. WHITE PRIDE: THE WHITE SEPARATIST MOVEMENT IN THE UNITED STATES by Dobratz and Shanks-Meile. Two college professors have written the first relatively unbiased book about today's White nationalist movement in America. There have been dozens of books on this subject but until this book they have been written by those who. for the most part never left their Manhattan apartments or Beverly HKs condos and never even bothered to interview any White nationalists. The authors of Whrte Power, White Pride not only conducted many interviews, but also they attended many of the meetings and annual get-togethers of the various groups. They name the major players and describe the major groups with major sections on history, ideology, protest and violence. Coveted are four main divisions: Ku Klux Klan, National Socialists. Skinheads, and Christian Identity. The authors make a dear distinction between the groups' actual belief of White separatism versus the media's false label of White supremacy. They also show that there is a distinction between the media's label ‘ratism* and the actual ideology of these groups, which is radalism. A book not to be missed if you want to know what is going on in America.
364 pp hard cover	$33.00
GERMANY MUST PERISH by Kaufman—1941 book outlining plan to sterilize all Germans. 60 pp soft cover $4,951
MY COMMANDO OPERATIONS by Skorzeny—Autobiography of Hitler's and probably history's greatest and most feared commando leader induding insights into major German operations. 332 pp hard cover $35.00
RACEby John Baker—By an Oxford scholar Best comparison of Whites and Africans. 623 pp hardcover $24.95
ORIGINS OF THE SECOND WORLD WAR by Prof A J P Taylor—Exposes the true origins of WW2 and how the US was tuckered into an unnecessary, bloody war with Germany. ’Superlatively written.' 298 pp soft cover $14.00
BEHIND COMMUNISM by Britton—Exposes ethnic group behind communist movement. 94 pp soft cover $3.95
THE INTERNATIONAL JEW by Henry Ford—Top US industrialist's famous research. 4 books 1023 pp soft $32.00
RACE. INTELLIGENCE. AND BIAS IN ACADEME by Pearson—Leftist & minorities run US univs. 304 pp soft $17.50
TIGER ACE by Simpson. Story of Michael Wittman a farm boy who became history’s greatest tank commander. He destroyed 136 tanks and 132 antitank guns before being killed by Shermans. Deluxe hard cover book. $3500
MYTHS OF THE NORSEMEN by Quarter—Rich detail on Thor, Odin, Yggdrasil, etc. 397 pp soft cover $10.95
JEWISH POWER by JJ Goldberg—Arthur Goldberg's son discusses their power in the US. 458 pp soft cover $14.95
THE ALAMO by John Meyers Best account of fighting Mexicans to capture Texas. 240 pp soft cover $9.95
BEYOND GOOD AND EVIL by Nietzsche—Philosophy of race, peoples, gender, etc. 239 pp soft cover $10.95
OF THE WEST by Meyers—True story of US's wildest/boldest pioneers & cowboys. 467 pp soft $14.95
KNN2MT8 OF THE REICH—Story of WW2 Germany's 27 greatest warriors: stuka. fighter, and night fighter pitots, tank commanders, submariners, & generals Rude! alone destroyed 500 Russian tanks. 352 pp hard cover $29.95 Shipping ft Handling: In the USA add
$3GO tor first book, then 50y per book
Foreign Orders For details send |2 GO for mam catalog Please print name and mailing address deariy.
Send check or money order (no COD’S) to;
David Duke
This is the decade's most controversial book by the officer seeker most hated by the mainstream media. David Duke's book is essentially three books in one:
First Duke explains how he came to believe that Blacks and Whiles are irreconcilably different He then goes on to review and analyze historical and scientific research up to the present concerning IQ. crime, personality differences, how differences evolved, and much more. You will be surprised.
In the second part Duke covers the Jewish question including: Jews' relationship to bolshevism and their activities in the former USSR; Jewish 'supremaosm' from biblical days to the present Jews in the US communist civil rights, immigration, and feminist movements; Jewish media control; the true nature and cause of anti-Semitism; Israel; and Zionism. Comprehensive and interesting it not shocking.
The third pari of My Awakening is more autobiographical and includes a history of Duke's radical political activities from his joining the Klan in high school, to founding a nationalist party after traveling to Laos during the Vietnam war, to organizing an updated Klan group, and finally to founding of the National Association for the Advancement of White People. Duke covers his successes and setbacks in Louisiana and national politics.
My Awakening is carefully researched with over 1000 references and 130 illustrations Read it if you dare.
736 pp hard cover	$29.95
Hours of reading enjoyment in 80-page catalog
CATALOG—Here are over 600 books and tapes that prove that today's problems are not just caused by well-meaning liberals The cause Is much deeper The news media are not biased because they are ignorant Includes the best and most reliable and trustworthy books from both underground and major publishers Many of these you won't beabtetoftnd anywhere else The famous, hard-hitting article, 'Who Rules the Madia?,' is Included In every 80-page catalog Regularly $2 tor a catalog, but FREE unM 12 -31-1999 4 you mention the magazine The Resistor.
http://www.natvan.com or http://www.natall.com
NATIONAL VANGUARD BOOKS, Dept RR • POB 330 • Hillsboro WV 24946
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
At usurpation is tie eternise of power which another bath a right to, so tyranny is the exercise of power beyond tight, which nobody can have a right to. John Locke, 1681
The iaw pervertedI ...The /aw, I say, not only turned from its proper purpose but made to follow and entirety contrary purpose!
Frederic Bnatint
Letter From the Editor
(Deep Sigh)
Okay, TR is late again. Most subscribers are used to that by now, just as most subscribers know that a subscription to TR is for four issues, not one year. Nevertheless, out of courtesy our subscribers are owed an explanation because this issue is really late.
The most recent Waco trial figured prominently. Seemingly endless telephone calls from the Davidians lawyers wanting an opinion on the interminable nuggets of evidence that kept cropping up both before and during the trial, and locating experts who could address the questions I didn’t have answers to because, “coincidentally," the technical experts on Foward Looking Infrared Radar who were to testify kept dying of Clintonitis. (I’m no FOR expert — my experience with the technology is how to defeat it, not fascination with its finest details.) Then there was the group of electro-optical scientists who, utterly clueless about the military application of the technology, sought what little expertise I have on its application. They were going to put together a conference on the subject of FOR, and would I please attend and address the subject from the military and tactical aspect. Sure, why not? Work on that consumed almost a month.That conference was subsequently canceled after the black robed federal dictator Smith’s “decision.” The Department of Jewstice’s busybody in the matter, Marie Hagan, went to considerable trouble to contact all the attorneys for the David ians to tell them what a hateful, racist, anti-Semite 1 am. (Not a word about
my depositions or evidence, mind — she didn’t like the way I thought — typical female.) Obedient goyim they were, I was “disinviteerby the Davidian lawyers as an expert witness for the Davidians. No matter. Judge Smith, who refused to recuse himself, disallowed any evidence or subject about which I may have been called to testify.
Speaking of lawyers, the gossip on the Davidian’s lawyers is that they never intended to go for a win. Word has it they were seek- —^_ ing an out-of-court
office from one Gordon NoveL Not that I give a damn about that Old Red Clark, but it is interesting that some of the Davidian lawyers went to the considerable trouble of undermining each other. Anyway, Novel wanted to know if I knew how to get in touch with Cullins, the CIA contract worker who also said Combat Applications Group operators told him that CAG was pulling triggers at the rear of the building. Cullins, of course, had long since “disappeared,” allegedly into the witness protection program.
I was also interviewed by Danforth’s scuts. Did you know ^^^^Danforth used postal inspectors as his in-
settlement, and that “Independent* — as if vestigators? Gregory the matter being j	^	K Hannah, postal
brought to trial	.	inspector team leader,
threw their “strategy'’ dldn t draw a paycheck told me that was be-into the trash heap, from the same federal cause postal inspec-
Mr. Jim Brannon	g0venunent that	?°”	, , ,w"'
was, m my estima-	©	.	,	,,	independent of Doj
tion, the only honest	torched Koresh S	and Treasury. “Inde-
and sincere one of the church, and that there pendent” — as if I bunch. My impres- was some mutual an- would btUcvt they all
sion from our conver-	.	. ,	,	didnt draw a pay-
sations is that he, and tagOIUSm (Other than check from the same as far as I can tell only “turf wars”) between
the various federal “law enforcement*
he, was trying to get! to the truth of the matter. He actually came to North Carolina and we spend the better part of a day discussing the evidence and (ostensible) strategy. (He as much as admitted he was following up on Hagan’s gabbling.) Caddell, who was one of the chief lawyers for the Davidians, deliberately sabotaged the case and worked tirelessly to ensure it would be derailed before it was brought to trial (and he did subsequently play straight into the DoJ’s hand wien it did come to trial). That nugget came out of Ramsey Clarks
federal government that torched Koresh’s church, and that there was some mu-
agencies.	tual	antagonism
^g1=Hjjfl(other than "turf wars”) between the various federal “law enforcement" agencies. [Remember injustice requires enforcement, just laws need merely be policed.] When the interrogation was over an^Ihadtold
Hannah eve ravel the who
lythinghi ale affair, I
e needed to un-jhe asked, “How do you feel (are the any men left?) all this is going to turn out?” I told him bluntly that he, and all the other mamma’s boys scuttling around for Danforth — the consummate “team
Vol. VI, No. 1
3
player" and Establishment butt-puppet — collecting information that would, by prior arrangement, be disallowed oy Smith, was wasting his time (other than drawing his pay-check); that the script had already been written, he was a bit player, ana that “our" government had already decided that it was innocent and had all the politically sinecured courts to prove it He didn't like that answer. “I nope you are wrong," he said, avoiding my eyes. Nevertheless, I was, again (witness the “trial”), proven correct. I trust that agent Hannah, now released from the unpleasant duty of trying to find out the truth (knowing, in his secret federal heart that the truth is the last thing Danforth wanted to know), is happy to once again be engaged investigating the hemous theft of some feral-”youth”-breeding Negress’ welfare check.
IAmNot
Getting Paid For This
Then there were weeks of shut-ding up and down the East coast and in and out of the Midwest, at considerable (and, frankly, unaffordable) personal expense, trying to help the self-described “right” overcome their “little problem.” What is the “right" wing's little problem? Incompetence. Whereas the Left known they themselves are evil, the “right” does not know that they themselves are incompetent—which simplifies the Lefts tireless advancement of their willful acts of destruction. Never mind to whom Fve been going around trying to help. It is sufficient to know that my help is contingent upon recognition of the following six points:
(1)	Stop being polite to the en
emv.
|u) Stop believing the enemy thinks like us.
(3)	Stop believing that lie called the Declaration of Independence.
(4)	Stop believing the Constitution can be restored.
(5)	Recognize that were arc in a race war (or a Holy War, depending upon the audience —* they are the same thing, really).
(6)	Accept that we are living in a Communist country.
Numbers 1, 2 and 5 are easy for most people to accept, most accept 6 as a given, and the more intelligent among dissidents recognize the truth of number 4. Not that the Constitution itself is bad or shouldn't be restored to its original form. As a law establishing a form of government the Constitution is a neutrality, even though it is based upon a very wicked idea — that “the People” are capable of governing themselves. Which propo- ' sition, of course, I derives from number
3.	And I am not even
ingf the Constitution—is reactionism, not revolutionism. TR is all about redefining the “debate.”]
Then, At the Last Minute...
A ”
A:
...in early JulyT tumbled to the fact
nother “speed bump” in get ting this issue out, which also onsumed weeks, was that in early July I tumbled to the fact that I was under investiga-—1— tion by the Ministers tvo Gosudarstvennoy Bezpasnosti (MGB)
talking about the that J was under inves- . .°f»M 'lt 1S. PSEJi
fatuous notion that “all men are created equal,” a proposition so ludicrous—and in
larly known, the FBI. How did I know this? None of your business, but I can
tigation by the Ministerstvo Gosudarstvennoy	I
its application so evil 11*#%#**+:	assure You ^le MGB
— tnat it may be dis- Bczpasnosd (MGB) ^eandhiltwo missed on its face with	Or, as It IS popularly buddies were not
a derisive snort. No, I	known, the FBI.	man enough to sim-
am talking about the __________ ply call and say, “I'd
like to
other evil imbedded in the Declaration of Independence; the proposition that “...Governments are instituted among Men, deriving! their just powers from the consent of the governed.” To which I respond, "Since whenY*
[After a very recent trip stirring up trouble in New England, I stopped on the return leg to visit Dr. Huck,| who, bless her anti-Communist heart,! makes it her duty and pleasure to ensure The Resister actually gets published. 1 was explaining to her that it would be easy to get TK out on schedule if all I aid was park my butt in front of the computer, but since everyone wants “something” done, and no one else is doing anything, I've made it my business to assess the resistance potential of various groups, and that means spending time with them.The conversation drifted to the foregoing six points, with much the same gloss given in the paragraph above, when she blanched ana said, "You! A Tory\" Before everyone reading this panics, isn't the proposition of restoring the Constitution to its original purity (something that is not going to happen, by the way), sans some particularly odious “auto-de-struct provisions deliberately embedded therein, in essence, theee days, the American equivalent of “Toryism?” Because that proposition 9 “restor
ask you a few questions.” (It's not real for them if they don't sneak.)
So I called the MGB
I
spoke briefly with a Chekist who was an old Army buddy and asked him to relay a message to his masters. (No way to screw up the message, all calls to the MGB are recorded.) He obliged and called back about an hour later pleading “It's not Now, I really did want to give
us.
my old Army buddy the benefit ot the doubt and believe he wouldn't lie to me, so let's Just assume he was out of the loop. Who was in the loop? Special agent Scott Suits.
Suits was a captain in Special Forces. In fact, he was the Team Leader (in his case that is a euphemism) of ODA 382 at the same time 1 was the Operations Sergeant for ODB 380. In other words, he was in my company. ODA 382 had some pretty good guys on it, but it was generally considered a "problem Team" by tne Sergeant Ma or — and me, because 1 had to deal with them every day. ODA 382s biggest problem was Captain Suits, who the team members nicknamed "Dumb P** “ 382 was not a happy Team. They were less happy when we deployed to Haiti
Vol VI, No, 1
because they were stuck with him in a potentially threatening situation and they knew he would uve up to his nickname. He proved them right.
One evening, my Team, ODA 381, was sitting around dreaming up excuses to kill UN Observers, USAID workers and Haitians for no other reason than they existed while waiting for the “Bend Over Daily* (Colonel Boyat’s nightly radio show telling us what a wonderful job everyone was doing making a “safe and secure environment” for the newly reinstalled Communist government), when we learned that Captain Suits had shot a Haitian — in the back. The official story is that Suits, pistol drawn, was chasing some lawbreaker, Suits tripped, fell face forward (after this the story gets, ah, “fuzzy*) and a Haitian drops with a bullet in his back. However, I am reliably informed — not by any former member of382 — that a story was “cooked” to avoid scandal, and possible murder charges. Whichever the case, when 3d Special Forces Group (Abn) returned from Haiti Captain Suits was not around for very long. So he did what many other terminally incompetent captains do, he joined the MGB.
Now, the reason for the investigation, I am told, is because of the occasional advise I give to Dr. William Pierce regarding his Military Unit of the National Alliance. Dr. Pierce, we are told by Jews to believe, is “the most dangerous man in America” because he writes wicked novels and says mean things about Jews on the radio.
What exactly is my relationship with National Alliance? 1 joined NA as a show of support in September 1999 after speaking at a National Alliance leadership conference. The subject of my lecture was how to recruit service members into the NA. My membership has since lapsed, and I have no plans to rejoin, but I still maintain cordial relationships with Dr. Pierce, as 1 do with most leaders of other Rightist and anti-Commu-nist organizations.
The day following the conference 1 spent several hours with Dr. Pierce discussing several subjects relevant to the military, at the conclusion of which, having personal experience with so-called “extremist” policies in the Army, I offered my sendees as an advisor to NA regarding their mili-
tary membership. I made it clear to Dr. Pierce that, in the capacity of advisor, I would not personally become involved in recruiting service members.
The month following, the National Alliance Bulletin announced the formation of a Military Unit under the direction of one “Michael Collins”, which was a rather bloated description of my offer of ad- ___________
vise. I had joined NA under tne
World Wide Woe
Part II: theresister.com
o:
The Infemalmation Age
L
ast issue I complained that to avoid having my name and The Resister hijacked” by the Malicious Race for
name
the purpose of dis-
«... • ._	Suits and his friends
Michael Collins for	«	.	,	formation 1 was
the same reasons I use are* • • Sneaking around forced, against all my pen-names when I flashing their Badges... objections given how
write article. for unraveling the scarlet much I loath the Rightist publications	. a r ®	-	9 •	web, to purchase
other than The Re- thread from the Skein those (and a few
sister — to segregate of my Very Evil Em- other) URLs. So
responses and corre- pire. While he’s doing nowit is a^entably) spondence from those	. t> .	.	®	official. TR has a
intended forTR. It all that, 1 m going to get web site.
sounds pretty omi-	some sleep.	If you do whatever
nous, doesn’t it?	it is people do with
URLs you will find the site “under construction” with two email	addresses:
sales@theresister.com, and information@theresister.com. [Do not send email to those addresses; you must click on them from the <www.theresister.com> site.] Personally, I am rather fond of the site as it exists. It loads instantly, there are only two options, and both options are self-explanatory.
Nevertheless “the People” complained, “we want stuff!” Ifl could figure out some way to punish “the People” for wanting stun instead of simply following clear instructions, I would. But I have better things to do than dicker around trying to figure out how to make things miserable for those who really do read things on what amounts to television. Fortunately, someone who does like the “web* and has more mernr than I offered to design the site. So it should be up and running, oh, Novemberish.
Designs are being proposed and content is still being discussed, but will definitely include selected articles from back issues. Also under consideration is tiie wisdom of archiving the complete texts of all back issues, less the two most current issues.
We are told this is the "information age.” I rather prefer to think of it as the infemalmation Age.
Of course, the VCheKa Bolshevists from the Sanhedrin Pharisee Law Center (SPLC) and the Ashkanazi Defenders League (ADL) started squealing like stuck pigs, and their always obedient lapdogs in the MGB bounded after your editor [Animal Farm allusion —unfortunately, these days such things need to be explained]. It doesn’t take much imagination to picture special agent Scott Suits breathlessly tugging at his master’s sleeve panting, I know Barry! Let me have the case!” Suits always drew attention to himself— without merit.
As this is being written, Suits and his friends are collecting TDY (your tax “dollars” folks) while sneaking around flashing his badge whenever the opportunity arises, unraveling the scarlet thread from the skein of my Very Evil Empire. While he’s doing that, I’m going to get some sleep. (Suits is stationed in Phoenix, but ms rental property is here in Fayetteville.)
OPTEMPO & Logistics
So, gentle readers, there you have it. It s been a very long summer. And Until some philanthropist dumps a cool couple of millions on TR, you’ll continue to get your issues of TR as they are published.
Vo!. VI, No. 1
5
The RESISTER
Speaking Of Consistency...
Some military readers have com plained that TR’s editorial policy hat "gone off the deep end," or "too far to the right." So I ask them: "Really? What parts of Communism would you have me agree with? Which of its stalking horses would you have me hide behind?" So let’s take a short, tuppence tour ofTR’s editorial evolution.
It is axiomatic that magazines intended for consumption by "the people” find what the editors perceive to be a niche of opinion, interest, or whatever. Because the sales and circulation of such magazines depends upon their niche, the editorial policy never changes so long as circulation remains tolerably consistent. We note that such magazines invariably poll their readership on occasion, especially when their circulation begins to slacken. Aside from gathering demographic information for the purpose of callously afflicting their niche audience with advertisers (who pay considerable sums for lists of new victims), the publishers are also gathering "opinion" information ror the purpose of prostituting their editorial policy to that of the niche audience. In short, the editorial policies of such magazines do not necessarily reflect what the publisher thinks, rather, the editorial policies reflect what thel niche audience tells the publisher they think. It's all very democratic, you see — and therefore spineless.
In contrast,The Resister was never intended for "the people." There is nothity democratic about The Re-sister. It is, bluntly, an autocracy. Its editorial policy is driven not by what "the people” want to hear, but by clear, distilled, refined anti-Communism. And there is where the issue gets siLightly more complicated and where The Resistor's evolving editorial policies begin Altering out those from among its readership who claim to be anti- Communists as opposed to those who really are anti-Communists. Believe me; we frighten off many to-called "patriots.^I ne Enemy, on the other hand, does not deceive itself regarding what The Resister is about •— counterrevolution. Which,
after any revolution, is the first thing declared treasonous by the revolutionaries.
Just what do we mean by anti-Communism? That question is where TR’s editorial evolution began. The unfortunate thing about being an historian is that one must also be a researcher. And if an historian endeavors to be honest in the subject he is researching — as opposed to being an academic dinging to tenure, or a publisher milking a subscriber list, or a “patriot” who thinks it very dever to die for an Evil Idea that envisioned his death to begin with — if our historian is honest enough to peer under the rocks of what he believes to be true as his research progresses, and if he is honest enough to say to himself, “oh, no...” when a previously held belief is demonstrated to be false, and if he is honest enough to continue to pursue his research wherever it takes him until he arrives at the truth of the matter—well, then, that historian becomes pretty unpopular with “patriots,” other publishers, and academics who have defined the ideological limits of, and what condu-sions may be drawn from, said research. Particularly when anti-Communism, if one is to be true to the idea of counterrevolution, means the total, complete and utter rejection of the revolutionary’s slogan, “Liberty, Equality, Fraternity ’ — induding sXz ervthing and every institution that slogan has come to represent or stand For. I mean everything.
Now, back to the original contention by some military readers, “TR has gone off the deep end.” You have to remember that most soldiers live in a breathtakingly stupid fantasy world where slogans such as, "no tolerance for intolerance,” and "we’re all green,” and "we all bleed red” are taken seriously, where "diversity'’ is enforced by a political commissariat of Negro, Mestizo, female, and now homosexual informers, and school-trained bra in washers (EO "Advisors”) backed-up by the punitive Uniform Code of Military Justice. The "party line” is prepared for them by the Jew-
ish Anti-Defamation League and Southern Pharisee Law Center. If you want to see something remarkable, strike up a conversation with a burly infantryman who would not hesitate for an instant to assault an enemy machine-gun position, then turn the conversation to radal differences. He will flee in terror with his hands over
his ears yelling “LA LA LA!” at the top of his lungs. Either that, or he'll denounce you as a "racist” and snitch you off to the unit commissar.
The Resister has not “gone off the deep end. On the contrary, we simply refuse to acknowledge that the fantasy world of “Liberty, Equality and Fraternity'* most soldiers live in is anything other than a fantasy. 100 years ago The Resister would have been quite unremarkable. When that fact is mentioned to soldiers today, especially officers, they just stare at you blankly, or mumble something about “extremism.” They are “being all they can be,” you see?
There Has Been Some Whining...
About the fact that I occasionally write articles for the skinhead magazine, Resistance. I write those articles under various pseudonyms, for reasons which are my own, but it’s obvious that I write them. The Enemy, of course, tumbles immediately to the authorship of my articles — but, then, our Enemy is evil, not stupid.
Why do I write articles for Resistance} (One of which, by the way, was rejected by its editor as being, "too controversial.”) After all, it’s not like 1 don’t have enough work publishing my own magazine. No, 1 aont listen to the screeching, cacophonous random noise skinheads call "music,” with its accompaniment of primitive howls and screams which they call "lyrics.” 1 don’t attend the drunken brawls thsy euphemistically refer to as "concerts,
1 object to their gratuitous ritual scar*
Believe me; we frighten off many so-called “patriots.” The Enemy, on the other hand, does not deceive itself regarding what The Resister is about — counterrevolution.
6
Vol. VI, No. 1
ring, and I find their also-scarred and epatula-cosmeticized females singularly unattractive and, in many cases, most unpleasant company—the word “lad/* appears to not exist in their 100 word-or-so vocabulary.
“Skinhead culture” is variously described as "White youth rebellion against multiculturalism." Yeah.... What "skinhead culture" is, is the adoption by White "youths" of multi culturalized barbarism with a "White” face. (Therefore I cannot yet explain why Jews object to them; they should, according to their own propaganda, be pleased.) Skinheads do not behave like “angry young White men." Oh, skinheads are angry all right; at whom, exactly, I haven't yet quite determined, because they seem to expend all their energy getting drunk and fighting each other and so-called "non-racist skinheads." Don't ask me what "non-racist skinhead” means. Give me an honest "racist skinhead” any day of the week.
In contrast, a few “angry young White men," who marched to music that could be recognized as such and who sang songs with intelligible lyrics, once conquered entire continents of Coloreds. Skinheads, on the other hand, do not seem capable of re-conquering their own half-White neighborhoods.
Back to the original question, “Why do I write articles for Resistance?”: because I really do like skinheads. Are skinheads misguided? Yes, in the sense that their understanding of the historical forces at work in America pales in comparison to their questionable fascination with the surface glitter of National Socialist Germany. Are they lacking in effective leadership? Certainly at the national level, given their lack of coordination and cooperation, yet, from what I’ve seen at the local levels what leadership exists is reasonably competent, if uninspired. Are they barbaric? Go to one of tneir “concerts" and see for yourself although its hard to tell how much of their barbarism is affected; as they mature into adulthood and assume adult responsibilities my observation is that those affectations hold less sway. Many of their problems noted above are a consequence of their lack of discipline, which is one reason why in my article, “Building a Skinhead Infantry
The RESISTER
(.Resistance, Number 9), I advised our "angry young White men" to join the Army.
So, why do I like skinheads? Because they are, for the most part, intellectually honest. Skinheads do not pretend that "all men are created equal" and they have no patience with those who advance crazy notions about racial equality. The thought has been advanced that the skinhead "movement" is a natural outgrowth of youthful rebellion against mandatory diversity brainwashes. Although that argument has considerable merit, I don’t think it is entirely true. We must remember that skinheads are the result of racially integrated government schools. I think there are still (mercifully) some young White men who object to witnessing young White girls being groped in school hallways by what Afrikaners call “baboons." (We really should pay stricter attention to what Whites — non-femi-nized Whites—who have lived their entire lives in close proximity to Negroes, have to say about racial “equality.")
Unfortunately, their minds being somewhat scrambled from a decade or so as Dewey Camp inmates, combined with natural youthful incompetence, skinheads tend to fall prey to creepy little men who scutter about clutching photo albums of themselves dressed in NSDAP paraphernalia. Sometimes I do not know whether to laugh or weep.
Sue Muck’s Comments
I have not seen the material in Resistance which our esteemed editor and publisher mentioned. I have no interest in skinheads and their culture, any more than I have with bikers and their culture. (I have had no contact with and only marginal interest in Dr. Pierce.)
To the extent that skinheads represent a rebellion against the degenerate “culture" pushed upon white "youths," I can no more blame them for their crudities than blame the white gangs which must be formed for seli-dexense in prisons. The Left applauds degeneracy, but deplores any consciousness of white identity. Paladins of Western Civilization the skinheads are not. So I am perfectly
wrilling to allow Steven Barry to serve as Ambassador to the Skinnead Nation.
His final comment about "creepy little meif reminds me that the Jewish Establishment seems to have no difficulty in provocateuring among more-energy-than-brains skinheads. How often do we encounter some gleeful Jewish kid who created a neo-Nazi” website, or a grown-up Jew who has helpfully provided a gang of white adolescents with a portrait of Hitler which can hen be brandished before he gullible press as “evidence”?
And There Has Been More Whining...
About my relationship with Dr. William Pierce and he National Alliance. A couple of times per year, or whenever 1 am invited, 1 go to the considerable trouble and personal expense of traveling to speak at National Alliance meetings. Over he past year I have spoken in Cleveland, Hillsboro and Hagerstown.
But hey are Nazis'. (Yiddish pronunciation, "na-ah-tsee£) is he usual sniffle from “patriots” who have never attended a National Alliance meeting. Well, hat is what Jews say, but, hen, “Nazi” is the Jewrish appellation for anyone who wakes up and investigates he reasons why Western civilization has become racially degenerate, feminized, religiously indifferent and, in consequence, morally reprobate — and who then comment about hose responsible.
St.Thomas Aquinas once remarked (paraphrasing), vWhile Christians are busy sailing heir ship of state, Jews are below decks looting he hold and boring holes in he hull.” Try as I might, 1 nave never found anything written by honest people hat refutes St. Thomas’ description of what happens when Jews are allowed to scrabble about loose and unsupervised within Christendom. In that regard, Dr. Pierce is doing nothing more than pointing out he obvious. I can't help but laugh with appreciation for his
Vol. VI, No. 1
7
candor when, during his broadcasts, he growls “...that horrid little Jewess....* about Madeline Albright. Recall St. Thomas’ quote above, reflect upon “our” foreign policy, and consider that Madeline Albright is the Fust Officer of our ship.
"Feel" however you may about our association, 1 like, and have professional regard for. Dr. Pierce. 1 go out of mv way to visit with him whenever 1 am within striking distance of his secret headquarters of "hate." Unlike other "leaders" on the "right,” Dr. Pierce does not fantasize in print, broadcast, or say during conferences that everything would be okay if only (i) Negroes would behave, (ii) Mes-txaos and "others" would adapt, (iii) women would be rational, and (iv) kw would quit being Jews. Then, like many others on the "right,” ehomektdy deny the possibility of the foregoing points in private conversation. And I like National Alliance members because at least with them you can hold an honest and candid discussion about the "browning-down” of America, and who is responsible for it, without them looking over their shoulders to see who might be listening.
National Alliance members are not wild-eyed fanatics prancing about in National Socialist Deutches Arbeitcr Partei drag, as the VCheKa at the ADL and their scuts at the Southern Pharisee Law Canter would have us believe. They are hard working, Hk largely "middle class” Whites who are | justifiably disgusted with having to Pr live with the daily consequences of F the Jews' tireless activity of “looting the hold while boring holes in the hull” of America. If, out of righteous contempt for “our'' Jewish-dominated Bolshevik government, they look to an American version of national socialism to purge Bolshevism from our society and return government to some semblance of sanity under White rule, and if they contemplate “ethnic cleansing* to resolve our race problems — well, I am hard pressed to disagree with their argument on purely historical grounds.
Nevertheless, fdcmt think that will
happen. Neither do I think the Con* tutuuoa will be “restored.”
Finally, J like Dr. Pierce because I he is not only intellectually honest, he is consistent. His views in private
conversation correspond to the rhetoric of hit radio broadcasts, speeches and interviews. More importantly he doesn't apologize for his views or try to sugarcoat them. Dr. Pierce and I disagree on a number if issues. National socialism is one of them. I'm all for nationalism, but I think we can leave the socialism part out of it. Yet, what is re-
consequences of their vile, disgusting behavior.
Kofi Annan, Secretary Negro of “our” World Government, addressing the graduating class of the Wingate brain laundry, remarked, “What matters, what the world needs you to do, is to get involved in the noble project of working together to create a better world
Dr. Pierce and I disagree on a number if
issues. National social-fteshWabout deal- igm one Gf them. I’m
ing with Dr. Pierce is .. r	.	..	-	and	women.	vJbvi-
that those disagree-	nationalism,	but	ously,	the	Secretary
ments do not result in	I think we can leave	Negro was confident,
the suits and hiny-fits the socialism part
of it.
I have to put up with from other "leaders” on the “right” who —— actually believe that being polite to the enemy earns their respect and causes them to reconsider destroying us — and who, unlike Dr. Pierce, hold the stupefying notion that “the people” can be educated enough to vote us out of this mess they voted us in to.
AIDS Aid
International
Wnth another decree from ■‘our” Degenerate in Chief, ^President Clinton recently defended his administration's derision to declare AIDS a threat to national security. This was described as a “designation aimed at gamering more attention and funding toward combating the disease worldwide.” How does “combating” AIDS “worldwide” add up to “national security?” You arc not allowed to ask that question, because the only way a disease that is reaching pandemic proportions in Third World dung hills becomes a threat to American “national security* is if there are plans to flood America with (yet more) Third World detritus — as if we didn't have enough Negroes here already. The White House even has a “White House Office of National AIDS Policy* a reverse lobby run (predict-ably) by a femala, whose “outreach* for "nurturing" is faggots, dykss, druggies, the promiscuous, race mixers and all the other eewer rate whining about the "liberating*
lion, that he was ad-^^^^^^^^®dres s ing
'	brainwashed	audi-
ence of White pinheads. He meant of course that Coloreds need Whites to feed them, medicate them, etc.; in other words, continue the incredibly stupid do-good policies that allowed Coloreds to breed unchecked in the first place. Mercifully, nature came up with a corrective — AIDS.
AIDS seems to be spreading like wildfire among the freed slaves here in America, Haiti, Belize, Brazil and the slave pool in Africa. It’s particularly bad in Haiti and Africa where the slaves, freed or otherwise, ape European style governments for the amusement of fawning Liberals, but behave like slaves, freed or otherwise, when nobody is looking. We are told, in stem and foreboding language by the Washington Pest and other Jew s papers, that AIDS is killing off Africa’s “intelligentsia,” which, as anyone who’s actually been to Africa can tell you, means those among the slave pool with IQ’s in the 85 range — like in America.
There is however a light at the end of the tunnel; they will always continue to act like Africans. So The Resister's latest charity toward the Slave Race (see: "American Negro Carnage F\ind," VoLV» No.4, for a description of our first charitable venture) is AIDS Aid International.
AIDS Aid International will be a massive education effort to encour age Negroes to embrace the “richness” oi their "culture* and stop pretending to ape Whites, a waste of effort which merely prolongs their agony and suffering. Pretending to act
Vol. VI, No. 1
like Whites can only harm them in the long run because long-range thinking is, well, “difficult” for them, and besides, it is contrary to the spirit of celebrating cultural diversity. Associate editor, Dr. Huck, proposed that the education effort should concentrate on telling them to “stop doing what they’re doing.” After a lone pause to assimilate her very land ana gentle words while attempting to determine if I was really talking to the Dr. Huck I lovingly call Aunt Sue, 1 responded, “What for?”
Negroes, through their normal behavior, are killing themselves. You see, their systemic and genetically inherited behavior problems are the very cause of the AIDS “pandemic” among them and nothing should be done to discourage them from “doing what they’re doing” as that would only retard meir self-destruction. In feet, if we were to take ourselves one remove from the “problem” and consider the AIDS “pandemic” coldly, we could conclude mat AIDS is a blessing for Whites in general and heterosexuals (i.e., normal people) in particular as it will also kill off our own homosexuals, druggies, race mixers and our other sewer rats and degenerates who “celebrate diversity'’ with Negroes.
At last count well over 60% of Negroes believe that AIDS is a biological warfare agent created by mad White scientists to kill them. If that were indeed the case I would be the first to applaud such a sound and noble project. The biological weapon notion is, however sadly, absurd; but should such a notion really be discouraged?
AIDS Aid International therefore recommends spreading such rumors among the Africans as follows: If mad White scientists were cunning and foresightful enough to invent a genocide virus designed to eradicate Negroes, doesn’t it stand to reason that the same mad White scientists would, in the process, also have promoted the means of disseminating it as widely as possible? That’s right, immunizations. Laced with HIV.
The beauty of that rumor is that it is just barely plausible. Given the rate or spread or AIDS in Africa most Negroes get it anyway, thereby “confirming” the rumor, and if they refuse immunization shots they stand a rea-
sonably good chance of dying from some other disease. Heads we win, tails they lose.
Special Forces medics returning from the Dark Continent report that the spread of AIDS by transmission through the intermixing of lower body secretions is inevitable but unfortunately delays transmission because some strains are ■
“wimpy.” Fortunately, they report, White do-gooders are never lacking for numbers in Africa and they tell their beloved Negroes that AIDS spreads through body secretions. Hearing this, wily Negro males develop a sudden fetish for “it” dry, and Negro females, always ready to stick their butts in the air, now entice cautious males by shooting baby-powder (thoughtfully provided by relief agencies) inside themselves. Nice and dry,I the medics report—resulting in multiple internal lacerations making posi-| tive the transmission of the virus directly into the blood system.
So AIDS Aid International is sponsoring free T-shirts for Africans: the shirt nas a picture of a comely Negress (well, you can pretend) holding a bottle of baby powder with the caption, “It’s Dry!” (Catchy, eh?)
Special Forces medics returning from Africa report other disgusting Negro behavior patterns, but this is a family magazine.
Numerous other efforts to encourage the spread of AIDS among the Negroes come to mind, but AIDS Aid International’s education campaign boils down to a single concept: if you observe a normal Negro behavior pattern, encourage it.
Whites Missed the Boat...
Regarding the census. 1 threw the form away the day I received it. 1 made them spend the money to hunt me down. When
they finally found me I lied to them.
The census is supposed to be an “actual enumeration. A quick check ofWebster’s American Dictionary ofthe English Language, 1832, reveals the definition of enumeration, “The act of counting or telling a number, by naming each particular.” Then the word particular, “Pertaining to a single erson or thing....” o, translating the real meaning of “actual enumeration” into military terms, the census is supposed to be a head-count. You know, like, how many people. (According to the Constitution, Negroes are to be counted as 3/ 5th$ a person, and Chinamen and Indians not at all.) That’s all.
That seems like a reasonable thing given that representation in Congress is based upon population. Rather, is supposed to be based upon a simple head-count. But is seems the Left has stumbled into another one of its egalitarian minefields. Remember the He, “all men are created equal?” You’d think the Left would at least give lip-service to its own propaganda and tell the Census Bureau to make a simple head-count. No way! In the twisted minds of Leftists it would be “racist” to take an “actual enumeration.”
Why? Because in obedience to the Communist International’s 1920s dictates concerning “national minorities” (where do you think the notion of “multicultundism” came from?), both wings of “our” Social Democrat Party, in the spirit of anti-colonialism, have decreed that “national minorities” must be counted separately so they may, as minorities, be represented separately so “our” politicians may pander votes from “America’s” tax-eater classes who reside in artificially
W
created, racially gerrymandered congressional districts. Here, in "our* communist democracy we're all equal, you see, which is why those tax-eater races need racially gerrymandered representation. Which explains why questions about race were the central
Numerous other efforts to encourage the spread of AIDS among the Negroes come to mind, but
AIDS Aid
International’s education campaign boils down to a single concept: If you observe a normal Negro behavior pattern, encourage it.
9
VoL VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
theme of the census.
We were told that if an accurate census was not taken "our” local communes (or, more accurately, kibbutzim) wouldn't receive their “fair share” of the 50% of our incomes extorted at gun-point by "our” government. They meant, of course, that Useless| Eaters wouldn't get fed. And did you notice how many questions there were about whether you were a "Hispanic?” (Hispanic is diversity-speak meaning mongrel, or just plain Indian; but we note for the record that the lighter skinned mongrels always "represent” the Indians.)
It's bad enough our former slaves now running around loose and ending “equality" in a civilization they to obviously could not have created, and demanding "reparations” while screaming “racism" when you suggest they should return to their own trashy continent instead of trash-
compliance promised a unique opportunity.
When the Negro census taker knocked on my door he jotted down the “relevant” information about me, then asked how many other people lived here. “Six,” I lied, providing the appropriate number of fake names.
He then asked,
"What are the...”
“All Whiter I said

ere” to unknown, disembodied voices. Now, in a sane world being polite to strangers is a natural course of civilized behavior, because in a sane world strangers generally do not afflict those who are minding their own business. ___ In a sane world it is understood that dur-
Now Mexicans are al- ing the course of lowed to roam about onc8 dailyaffair8 m North America unmolested, smearing , , ,	.	,, their “culture” on ev-
sternly (and probably	.«• % j j to know,and disinter-
too loudly). That Crything and demand- ested politeness (i.e.J ended my being “enu-	ing	bilingual	ignoring	them)	ii
meratedeverything else wher- generally understood
ever their colonies are established.
will of necessity come into contact with people one does not know, nor desire
Get it? When the census bureau first announced that it needed census takers Whites should have flooded to get those jobs, both super-
log oun. Now Mexicans are allowed j visory and as street pounders, before
the “underrepresented” could. Then, armed with bundles of census forms, they should have gone around “enumerating.” And every household they enumerated should have been entered as — that’s right — White.
You see, there is more to resistance than bitching about the policies of the occupation government and assuming self-defeating, threatening postures. You have to do things. It also involves throwing huge hand-hills of sand in the gears of government machinery at every opportunity. The next census will be taken in 2010. Now you know what to do. Don't blow it.
to roam about North America unmolested, smearing their "culture” on ! everything and demanding bilingual everything else wherever their colonies are established. We are told that Mexicans “do the work nobody else wants to do.” Everyone seems to for-get that when Negroes used to work they did those jobs. Soon, the threats announce, Mexicans will become the largest minority in America. We are told well love it.
To ensure the newest “national minority” is "represented” in the rotting “salad bowl” (America is no longer a “melting pot," official recognition that Coloreds do not assimilate) the census bureau needs an accurate count of them. To obtain an accurate count the Census hired tens of thousands of people at about seven dollars per hour to "follow up” on census forms that were not returned.
That It Where Whites Missed the Boat
More Reasons to Hate the Telephone
N
I
umbering among the many obnoxious creatures who scrabble across the face of this earth seeking the torment of the innocent are telephone solicitors, n North Carolina the census form They are paid to be “winning,” charm-return rate was about 40%. Oy! ing, call at the most inconvenient ^terrible, the Jewspaperr hours, and try to sell you something
moaned, telling us that noncompii ance was spoiling the equitable distribution or the extortion squeeze and that the joys democracy and “diversity* would suffer. Since I was one of the non-respondents 1 thought non-
you not only did not request, but would have Seen quite content having never known anything about.
Our race suffers from a peculiar mental illness that irrationally extends the principle ofbc'ing “polite to strang-
by reasonable peopl(_ to be the accepted norm of maintaining Ipeace and order during the otherwise unpleasant necessity of daily social intercourse. And in a sane world, if one must truck with a stranger one formally introduces oneself (or, more preferably, is “formally introduced” by a known third party), states ones reason for abusing the others privacy, and terminates the unwelcome intrusion as quickly as possible. Granted, there are strangers who do afflict the innocent and they are whom our parents told us are “not nice people.” Thus the wise admonition to children, “Don’t talk to strangers.”
Of course, the foregoing does not apply to peasants, “sales people," cashiers, and the like, who, in this “service economy," have the unhappy lot in life to be paid to be polite to a never ending stream of strangers. That is their nell, and as long as said denizens behave themselves we need not concern ourselves here with their problem. (Except Negroes, who require almost constant correction, and who hold the cretinous belief that if a cash register opens toward them they are in tne superior position — ana everyone knows what happens when Negroes are allowed to believe they are superior.)
Now, so long as proletarians quietly perform the work their superion pay them for, and servants accept their position and serve their masters submissively, and menials understand that they are just that — menial, and slaves obey; all is right with the univene and it hum* along rather smoothly. It i«
10
Vol. VI, ED 1
when this natural order, this hierarchy. is inverted that we suffer the afflictions of democracy wherein lessers believe the lie that they are the equal of their betters, and with breathtaking insolence they actually start acting that way. Which is why, when proletarians make noisy “labor demands;" servants assume airs as “employees;" menials ignore their station; and emancipated slaves become “citizens’* through the miracle of ink-smudges, “good help is hard to find." Unless one runs a phone solicitation “business." Then the worse the help die better.
After all, the evil genius of phone solicitation is that the meanest members of society are paid to interrupt and intrude upon the lives of those of us who, under normal circumstances, would barely have given a thought to their existence. They do so with scripted chit-chat and enthusiastic sales pitches for products and “ser- ? vices" we neither need nor would have given a moment’s consideration about without them having thrust themselves upon us. I consider that very rude. In fact, I think the whole enterprise is deliberate, calculated rudeness.
The further horror is that telephone solicitation can afflict us from afar. Many companies now set up in the Caribbean or Mexico where, in far happier times, the disembodied voice would have been cutting sugar cane on a plantation or maintaining the grounds of the hacienda. Why do we put up with this? Because we extend the courtesies we were taught to observer among ourselves, to “others.” Also, because we’ve become so effeminate that we no longer have the common sense to tell those who make unwelcome intrusions upon our lives to go, ah, perform an impossible sex act on themselves. That might hurt their feelings or damage their “selfesteem,” and it’s all about feelings and “self-esteem,” isn’t it, girls?
Meanwhile, back at the hacienda:
(Ring) “OPCENr
(Heavy Mexican accent) “Is dees*..”
“Who are you and what do you want?”
(Bubbly enthusiasm) "Aye chgam callink kabout Sprint’s nu..."
No! And I wish AT&T was still a monopoly!
(Gasp!) “But chu ch gav not...” "Go back to Mexico: (Hang up)
Drive-By Polling!
They never poll me, is the common complaint of the victims of democracy. So imagine my glee when I was faxed _________
a “The Nationwide
“Do you value your
“children” per year dying of gunshot wounds, at a minimum.
I am assured that my vote “will be presented to the President, the First Lady, the Attorney General, Congress, Handgun Control Inc, the NRA and Million Mom March.”
"...[Presented....” Now there is an idea for direct democracy! If everyone wraps his ballot around a brick....
PS: Remember that it cost three bucks to fax back the poll — "...a small price for greater democracy.”? That was per minute. How long does it take for a single page fax to be sent, 10 - 15 seconds? When I tried to fax my “im-
views
back
opinion poll on Gun
Control law.” I don’t	• t. .	i triea fl
know how they got nght to carry a gun portantBBBBH
my fax number, and it more than the lives of to the pollsters, the
will cost me three these 4,000 children?” fax just stopped about
buck* to return it, but j moaned. Again, I seco!,d., into the they said, Your views	gr	®	transmission — spare important,” and	aCTOSS the tOP, Ul parently waiting for
“We make sure that course I do!”Then, in the next minute to roll
decision makersare die margin, “What fround' 1 'nd'd hearing them! Who	, ... .	° v XT	transmission at 15
could resist “the Children. JNegTO seconds. The “Poll
Eeople?” I let them street gangs? We don’t commissioned by
now my important have a‘gun problem,’ 21rt e^tury F^es,
o r	*	532 La Ouardia rlace
MILLION we have a race prob- PMB 201, NY, NY
vie wsj
“l|
MOTHERS, 4,0001
DEAD CHIL- ___________________
DREN or THE 2ND AMENDMENT” the banner screamed. Naturally that caught my attention.
“4,000 children die of gunshot wounds every year,” it whined. I took out my trusty postal marker (reserved for just such occasions) and wrote in the margin, “I don’t care.”
“Do you value your right to carry a gun more than the lives of these
4,000	children?” it moaned. Again, across the top, “Of course I dofThen, in the margin, “What ‘children?* Negro street gangs? We don’t have a ‘gun problem,’ we nave a race problem.”
There were two check blocks under the question, “Should gun laws be seriously tightened?” I checked
NO.
After all, I am the national chairman of the American Negro Carnage Fluid (see: The Resister, V 4, p. 3) and the charter of our charitable organization states that not enough Negro "children” are killing each other and they need to be encouraged to kill more. Our goal is 40,000 Negro
lem.	10012,”	must	be run
H_____£s by Jews — or Gypsies. Who else would try to Jew or Gyp you out of a minute of air time?
Best Wishes
D
r. Gerald L. Atkinson, LTCdr., USN (Ret.), has
resigned as a contributing editor to The Resister so he can devote his full attention to the publication of his own newsletter, Eternal Vigilance: A Journal of Contemporary Culture. As I write this I am looking at an advanced review copy of Dr. Atkinson’s publication, and, tor those of you who have been following his work on cultural Marxism in the military in these pages, it is everything we should expect from Dr. Atkinson’s ongoing research into America’s political, moral and ethical decay.
Eternal Vigilance “will deal with all of the issues that we have addressed over the past five years; radical femi-
11
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
nism, 'cultural Marxism/ affirmative action, and a host of other topics on education, jurisprudence, religion, media, government, politics, military and other cultural Features of our American civilization.” [From the announcement flyer.]
Dr. Atkinson's publication is intended to reach a wider audience with his articles than is possible through The Resister. We all wish him success with his publication.
Auction
fe
SFC JohnS. Mosby
1. RMKS/ NOTE: 1 cannot emphasize enough that 1 am merely the auctioneer and arbiter in this affair. SPC Mosby ‘stepped on a mine” and bas pressing legal difficulties. Opening this column to him is our way of tossing him a ‘field dressing/! SFC
written across the front: we are not responsible for people being too clever by half with “queered” return addresses. SMB//]
Send bids to:
MOSBY AUCTION PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
All losing bids will have their ORIGINAL USPS Money Order, with original envelope and letter, returned when the high bidder has been determined. In the case of duplicate bids, SMB will telephone you and ask for another bid, so be near the phone on 16 November 2000. He will
8im-
Mosby is not longer a TR columnist, and neither I norTR have any vested interest in this auction or its outcome.
BT
SMB//
A ONE time offer of Mosby s ENTIRE (to include this current issue) original collec-l tion ofThe Resister, from Volume I, Number 1 until present. Leather bound if preferred; individual issues signed by SMB and JSM, or a letter of sud
ply request another bid.
Upon being notified of winning the auction, the buyer (defined as ‘he who won the auction”) MUST send the balance, minus deposit, within thirty (30) days or forfeit his deposit.
This is a last chance to own a very rare collection, including the out-of-print ORIGINAL stapled issues.
//S// SFC John S. Mosby
LETTERS FROM READERS
•O

T
deity from SMB and JSM attesting to this being the ONLY collection of JSM, or noth. Will also throw in a copy of the 01 May 1995, 60 Minutes interview.
Bidding starts at $5,000. Bids must be seat with s 10 percent deposit of good faith Good faith instrument: uS Postal Service Money Order (“to” left blank) along with your physical street address and telephone number, fee phone number it mandatory lot notification of winning bid. Bidding ends with postmarks dated 15 November 2000. Bids submitted with postmarks beginning 16 November 2000 will be returned to sender unopened. [So be sure to have a kgm glti return gddl&tl o** the envelops! Because it will be sent back to you unopened with ‘Return to Sender”
about the “patriot movement called — that conclusion is benighted and leaderless. Moribund, I think, jg not too strong a description. Despite the hysterical rhetoric of the Judeo-Communist SPLC, the Judeo-Freemasonic ADL, ad nauseam, the only threat posed by this “patriot movement” is that one or more of its “organizations” might fold thereby reducing the number of “hate groups” cited in the pernicious Jews’ fundraising letters.
The conclusions The Resister reaches about patriotism and nationalism it reaches on its own. And although The Resisters policy is “no enemies on the Right” and we give help to them whenever we are asked, our observation is that we have caused some disquiet to the Right. Admittedly, as our study of the causes of America’s destruction from within mature, our conclusions about potential solutions are becoming increasingly at variance with the Right in general and “patriot groups” in particular. That horrifies the Left. Because now they have a new threat. A threat the Left hadn’t anticipated. An ideologically independent threat that comes from the military and focuses its editorial efforts on a military audience.
Which puts The Resister in the
hank you, Resister, for baring | all, and printing what many of us were thinking. It is exhilarating to read The Rests ter. Whatever “brand” they nail you with should be worn in honor.
You speak like no other publication, and I subscribe to many. This once great country has become a moral cesspool ‘lead” by whores in Washington. We are a leaderless nation, on the fast track to nowhere.
Thank you for your courage and keep on trying.
Ann
Center Valley, PA
Response
Given the events and travels of this past summer [tee: (Deep Sigh) on page 3 of this issue], and after considerable reflection, I’ve come to a tentative conclusion
somewhat odd position of being[ called names by all the Left and parts of the Right. Whatever names the Left call us we embrace. Racist, white supremacist, anti-Semite — to all those we can reasonably answer, what sane person is not? What is bizarre is that some groups on the Right whom the Jews have branded “hate groups* call us the same Jewish swear words. Maybe that is because they haven't been branded “anti-Semite” yet. Who can account for stupidity?
SMB//
I
am a former Special Forces Medic and Medical Instructor. I was Honor Graduate at Fort Sam Houston Phase II and taught at the Goat Lab through the change over to the new Special Operations Medical Training Battalion. I have teen both worlds. I had the good fortune of having the last of the old world medics and team sergeants teach us in the early 1980’s, before the corpus
12
Vol. VI, No. 1
ofSr&COP Medicine was degraded.
SF medicine has been a hot topic button for many years. On the A Teams, the issues were always that there was only one medic, or retention issues, Sr Medics, jumping ship to PA or MD school. There were various failed incentives and ideas to remedy the problems. However, at the training center itself, Ft. Bragg and Ft. Sam, the issues were slightly different but still the damn medic problem. How do we get qualified medic to apply, pass the existing standards, and remain on an A Team?
The answers were always the same: Money, registry, lower the GT requirement, frequent re-tests, etc..The SF Goat Lab was in turmoil these recent years as administrative and MD overseers stepped in and announced the changes and the relocation, canceled Ft. Sam Phase and called in progress. We have seen “progress’* like this before. It is called an OER bullet. They did not know what they were doing and turned SF Medicine on its head.
The current notion that we, by a clever arrangement of combinations, can retool the process to make more medics is offensive to all who care about there fellow soldier. You can not make more SF Medics be lowering the GT score requirements and re-testing them ad nauseam for then you do not have SF Medics at alLThis is no less then the part and parcel of the overall dumbing down of Special Forces, a once great and proud force. This country will ultimately suffer for fielding incompetent soldiers. You can train a monkey to do certain tasks that will make us all clap and rock back and forth in joyous amusement. You cannot train a medic to be a smart. You cannot make him smart be repetition. You may finally teach him a particular task but that same inability that required him to learn it 5 times from 4 teachers will later kill people.
SF Medicine was my whole life for many years and I regret with pain what they have done but it is over. They have destroyed it, and there is no return from this place.
SFC Ed Rasor, USA (Ret.)
18D4HW8F1
I was sitting here reading past copies ofTR and began to consider I Volume 6, Number 1.1 look forward to it, and know it will be great.
A majority of the people refuse to believe what is really going on in our country. To get this information on the Urban Combat Training going on throughout the country has no merit to people who refuse to believe what it is all about. It is like they do not want to know. The ignorance continues because the knowing [of it] would make them feel bad.
Jess
Baltimore, MD
Response
Personally, I have no confidence whatsoever in “the people.” I think if the majority of the people knew what was happening in our country there would be no discernible change. The information about city fighting wasn’t intended to “educate the people.” It was intended for the deindoctrinated.
SMB//
I am 94. The Missouri 51st mili tia send me their publication and with the last issue was your brochure. After watching this nation commit suicide for nearly 100 years it is difficult to believe there are any true patriots remaining.
Your advertisement [reads], “Undeceived, Unreconstructed, Unrepentant: The Debate is Over!” Tnese many years I have been doubting if any people knew the meaning of those words. Those words describe patriots who are heart and soul believers.
I am well aware of the Jewish racket of playing both sides of all issues. So ifyou are sincere all glory to God. If not, [this letter] is another arrow to a false address.
M.G. Miller Paris, MO
Response
I’m certain you’ve seen quite a bit of the Jews playing both sides over the years. I see the same thing happening today. The Re sister’s ad says exactly what it means, Those
words were chosen with great care so that their meaning would be unmistakable at first glance. You may take them at face value for all they communicate. The Enemy does.
SMB//
Sirs: Great paper! I would like to suggest [the] use of a larger size print, which will allow older readers to read your paper more readily and more comfortably. When articles are in small print, they are frequently passed over (skipped) because of difficulty in reading them (thus you may lose circulation).
H.T.
Palm Springs, CA
Response
To be honest we were considering using a smaller type size, but abandoned the idea when associate editor, Dr. Susan Huck, threatened us with unnatural medical experiments if we did. The print size we use for body text is 10.5 points over an 11 point line, increased from 10 point print over a 10.5 point line following a similar unsavory threat from Dr. Huck, and the type size for footnotes was increased to the body text size after “The Aunts” made similar threats. (“The Aunts” are not to be trifled with.) However, we have received similar requests and we’ll take it under advisement. Any increase in type size would require changing the format of the layout, but we’ll play around with it and see what it looks like when we get some spare time.
SMB//
Thanks for sending the Rests
tance magazines-----they
came today. I Looked through the newest one ana was a bit disgusted. 1 am glad whites are having pride in themselves, but there is something that is not the best with these people. Maybe it is the proletarianness about it all. I get the feeling if they ever got in charge America would be a scummy chaotic place.
It would be more encouraging if there were pictures of these youngsters acting uke a higher form of Aryans — I guess that doesn’t sell that kind of “music."
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER

Perhaps I am not in the best mood,
1 am tired of looking at ugliness and those people seem to making their lives an unfocused rebellion instead of a dear progression. 1 guess when you think about that level of the white movement, it is mostly about rage.
The to called leaders of the leaderless resistance keep leading them down to that level instead of upwards. If they keep it up, the American History X propaganda message------that
people with white pride are a bunch
of Animal neo-Nazis--------will be
true. Then people who are inclined to segregate themselves from the race mixing squalor of today will be discouraged for fear of being associated with low classes.
Also, I wonder if these rebellious types would in the end be hostile to white people of higher attainment — or if their leaders would incite hostilities against anyone wanting to elevate them — like you with your articles. It will be very insightful to see how that develops.
To tell you the truth I wonder if these “skins" are really just cannonfoder. And their “leaders”—I wonder what their true motives are.
Lorraine Philadelphia, PA
A Letter From Germany
Steve, 1 just watched a USO show on AFN; SECDEF
Cohen and his zebra talking about heroes. She did more talking that he did. They both talked about “sacrifice,* as if that Jew and his mulatto were “sharing” with us soldiers. Some bullet comments:
The zebra talked more than the Jew did so White female “soldiers” would come to understand that it is “perfectly normal" (as you say) to spawn bred-down mongrels who are so wise and clever.
They had a butt-load of Congressional Medal of Honor winners with them. It was obvious they were stage props. Not one of them was allowed to speak.
The show included fake “letters home" from soldiers on the front Unas in this centur/s Jew Wars. Our best men died for nothing fight in* on the wrong side in both World Wars. But
V
tell that to the Veterans of "Foreign Wars.” So-called peacekeeping was played up big time, especially Bosnia ana Kosovo. The sympathies of most soldiers here in lOtn SFG (A) are with the Serbs. If the Serbs launched out and “ethnically cleansed” the Muslims from the Balkans the overwhelmin reaction here would be “who cares!
General Shelton appeared in his usual role of butt-puppet. At least he didn't sing. He did however fawn over all the newly created (after half a century) Negro CMH “winners.” GEN Shelton looks like crap after his anthrax series.
Bottom line: Many of the soldiers here are learning to “read between the lines” of the omcialpropaganda machine — thanks to The Kesister. Keep it coming.
C.M.
10SFGA, Stuttgart, GE
HI ere in North Carolina, one Ineeds to fill out a form in Jorder to purchase handguns. The county Sheriff conducts a perfunctory check to see if you have any arrests or convictions. Upon the completion of such an inquiry, one is “on file" and, therefore, allowed to purchase a permit for $5.00 which is good for one handgun purchase. One may purchase as many as one needs. Moreover, if you need more, since you are “on file," all you have to do is call down to the Sheriff and tell him you wish to come in and purchase more.
This is NOT a concealed carry permit. Just a permit to purchase a weapon from a “licensed” dealer. Anyway, 1 received my call today |that my form was complete as was the investigation. (Don’t ask me why an investigation was needed, I already have a concealed carry “permit. )
I strolled into the sheriff Department and was politely asked wnat it was I needed. 1 explained why I was there. The female (cold shivers ran up and down my spine) assistant asked, “How many permits would you like to purchaser
I looked into my wallet, saw $25.00 and said, “Give me five, that ought to hold me for now.” She replied, “Whet do YOU need with five permits? What are you going to do with five guns?"
I stood there for what seemed to be an eternity while staring icily at that cow. She repeated herself. I then replied, “Never mind, I'll take ten.” If only I had a camera to take her picture as her jaw dropped to the ground.
SFC John Singleton Mosby “Somewhere on the Eastern Front”
Vol. VI, No. 1
ADDENDUM
So I Called the MGB (Continued)
Some discreet inquiries by The Net about Captain (now Special Agent, Ministerstvo Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti) Scott Suits’ Excellent Adventure in Haiti turned up the real story about his shooting a Haitian in the back (see: Letter From the Editor, “So I Called die MGB," p. 4 ff).
He was, as stated, chasing a thief. He did, as stated, have his M-9 pistol drawn during the chase.The Hainan leaped a ditch and our graceful CPT Suits, in hot pursuit, attempted to leap the same ditch, stumblecf and feJLTne official “fuzzy version” of that “international incident” has his pistol “just going off” and “accidentally* hitting me Haitian square in the back.
What the fuzzy version of the story omits is that while our heroic captain is chasing the thief he is repeatedly yelling, “F...ing nigger! Halt nigger!”, and after Suits almost cleared the ditch, he went prone, took aim, and with a final “F...ing nigger!”, bagged himself a Haitian.
Now, old Special Forces soldiers hearing about that would shrug their shoulders and ask, “Where s the crime?” All (but one of...) our ODA was green with envy! After all, no sane White man who nas ever served in Haiti and had to deal with Haitians on a daily basis could possibly object to anyone chasing them down and killing them. But you can imagine the embarrassment at the Joint Special Operations Task Force (ISOTF) headquarters, surrounded as they were by Caring NGOs and Concerned State Department scuts.
Nevertheless, it appears that according to extant fed- — eral “definitions” of “hate crimes” we find the Hate Criminal of Haiti, Special Agent Scott Suits, now a
What the fuzzy version of the story omits is that while our heroic federal parasite, is in- captain is chasing the
vestigating your edi- thief he is repeatedly torial tyrant who t1. ttr . r . J , Suits’Jewish bosses at yelling, r...Ulg nigger, the Sanhedrin Phari- Halt nigger!”, and after
*** _ Sent,er Suits almost cleared
(SPLC) and the	j.	«	«
Ashkanazi Defenders	the ditch, he went
League (ADL) have prone, took aim, and declared a “hater” with a final “F...ing
(pronounced in Yid- •	•»	«____j i •
ish, ha-a den).	nigger!, bagged him-
self a Haitian.
“If only SA Suits	-
would use his hate for good instead of evil.” [Get Smart allusion — again, it is sad these things need to be explained.]
Vol. VI, No. 1
1
The RESISTER
Ns manS tyk, Hbtrty, »rproperty is s^i while the
kgisUhut h in session*
Judge Gideon J. Thicker
Editorials
The Highest art in the world cannot guild socialism t is impossible to make beautiful the denial of liberty
Auberon Herbert
mmentanes
WRITER S BLOCK
It
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
The editorial I was working on for this issue turned out to be utter crap. So rather than embarrass myselfby attempting to fix and print something that was hopeless broken, which is an exerdse known as reinforcing failure, what 1 have substituted in the editorials place are several very rough working drafts — more extended notes and thoughts than drafts — of several ideas that have been on the writing table for some time, all bearing on the same subject — nationalism.
I have no idea if formal conventions allow me to do this. No one ever gave me editor lessons. And 1 am certain there will be editors of other publications clutching their chests right about now gasping, “what does he think he’s doing You see, gentle reader, much of what any writer puts on paper never sees print; either through the editing process, both self (I have watched people swoon as 1 chop full paragraphs and sentences while I’m working on something of my own) and inflicted (The Slasher, Dfc Huck, carving mercilessly on my copy while muttering unspeakable threats — even editors have editors), os because when a piece gets “finished* one looks at it and says, “(unprintable),” wads it up and feeds it to the bum pile. 1 can state with accuracy that at least half of everything I write eventually goes up in smoke.
As 1 have mentioned in the past, nay writings in The Resister arc essentially an ongoing dissertation entitled, “From Abolition to Barbarism: The Destruction of America From
Within,” in requirement of my self-assigned, self-designed and highly unauthorized post graduate education. The consequence of doing unauthorized research is that any conclusions you draw are your own. One of the consequences of writing up your own research so that at least the conclusions are original is that occasionally one reaches an impasse (commonly referred to as “writer’s block”). In other ^^ words, you reach a certain point where
has been put in the editorial file. However, the idea is still alive and both the editorial and McClintons drawing will appear next issue.
Thinking About Nationalism
W;:
T V Ci
you ask yourself, then — what?”.
at defines a nation? A nation is defined, in successive order, by its people, its culture, and its government. People identify themselves in expanding concentric circles of loyalty, first by their family and kin, next by their work and associations, then by their community. Community in this sense means, “A society of people, having common rights and privileges, or common interests; or liv-
..a nation as a unique, B
j*	.	1	_	me under the same
^discrete entity repre- and regulations.”
which means there Senttng the interests OI (Webster, 1832.)
was a gap in the re- a people who share a Commonality of search, which means j; . • j .	rights and privileges,
|back to hitting the discrete identity. or commodityof
interests, appertain to
books who miss a chance to taunt, “We tried to tell you, but you wouldn’t listen.”
What follows, then, are several “writer’s block” pieces of my own that didn’t end up in the flames, but when strung together, not in the order they were written, give you some idea of the direction in wnich the research is moving. I’ve arranged them so they somewhat flow together. Just remember that these are unfinished drafts on roughly the same general subject — nationalism—not finished pieces. But they should give you, dear reader, and idea in what direction current research is moving.
As to the fate of the editorial I deemed unfit to publish, it was consigned to the flames. Unfortunately that meant the excellent editorial drawing by Michael Paul; McClinton
/ r r	 1
a commonality of culture, while liv-| ing under the same laws and regulations pertain to government, which (in a free society) is delegated the authority by the individuals who make up society to protect not only their rights and privileges, but also their common interests and those of the nation as g whole.
The key words in the above are “common” and “same "Commonality and sameness, insofar as any nation encompasses them, therefore necessarily define a nation as a unique, discrete entity representing the interests of a people who share a discrete identity. Note that 1 did not say, “the People." Even within a mono-racial society there are identifiable social strata that are determined by indi-vidual intelligence, competence and
16
Vol. VI, No. 1
industriousness. The degree to which any society of individuals share the same family and kinship, the same community, the same culture — their Gemeinscbaft, not their class — determines their commonality of interests and values. Even so, any nation must have a commonality that transcends family, kin, community and culture. That commonality, that unity which essentially defines a nation, is, in large measure, race. Race is not the defining characteristic of a nation because race by itself is not sufficient to define feelings of nationality. For example; the English and Germans are essentially the same race, yet they do not consider themselves part of the same nation. But race is a essential element when defining nationalist ardor even though race does not define it completely.
The question of where racial identity fits in those concentric circles (which are by no means exhaustive) is largely determined by the singularity or multiplicity of races within any given society. In traditional mono-racial societies such as existed in Europe, until unfettered (Communist inspired) immigration of Third World barbarians, racial identity was not given much thought at all. One would have hardly been conscious of being a white man in, say, England during the 19th century unless one had spent time overseas in the colonies. Proximity to other races, then, largely defines one’s degree of racial consciousness and identity within ones concentric circles of association. The nearer one lives in proximity to other races, which thus determines ones degree of interaction with them, the doser does racial consciousness and identity approach the center — family, kin, and associations. The further one is physically removed from other races the more one is forbear ant toward them. (This latter phenomenon would also seem to apply to social stratification; which would explain why only the “Rich and Malicious” think multiculturalism is wonderful, and the malignancy of the Abolitionist movement in anti-bellum America increased proportionally to the wealth and social status of its advocates.)
Throughout the Twentieth Century nationalism has been almost universally reviled. Most of the blame
for that throughout this century can be laid squarely at the door of Communism which, true to its Jewish origins, perverted historically legitimate and rational beliefs in racial identity and purity, and thus cultural and national unity, with an international, i.e. nation-less, world-view. One is a Communist not a citizen of a nation, just as Jews consider themselves a race apart, a nation unto themselves, not citizens practicing a distinct religion within the na-^^_>iii_iii they reside.
ciary, objective and equally applied law, in equal measure. It was not written with political parties, or factions, or special interest groups in mind. Nonetheless the degeneracy of parties and factions started almost immediately. In fact, the 11th and 12th articles in amendment were ratified for no other reason than to accommodate the faction politics induced by the emergence of political parties and the factions and special interest —^groups that began practicing influence peddling on Congress. If anything saved the early re-
tion
Which goes a long	In	short,
“multiculturaHsm” and HH, I
cialism and commu- Celebrating diversity	public from the chaos
nism are not were concepts alien to o{ faction politics it competitors (an idea .i	was unassailable
that is Jewish in ori-	-*“*8	®	states’ rights defended
gin) but deadly en- who founded this na~ by state legislature
emies. Communists do not object to the socialism part of national socialism, theyj object to the national	—■
part; i.e., any racial and culture identity that denies international “brotherhood” and egalitarianism. Is it possible to be a nationalist without being a socialist? Of course it is. Contrast 19th century nationalism with 20th century national socialism.
No “multicultural” society, or racially “diverse” nation has ever survived. They may be held together for greater or lesser lengths of time by totalitarian population control measures, but they will eventually collapse into rebellion and anarchy. The Constitution was written with the aim of securing the rights of free men and minimizing government interference in their lives, property and daily affairs. In was written with the Anglo-Saxon tradition of trial and error (experimenting until something was found that worked) regarding institutions, and common law in the relationships between free men, in mind. It was, for practical purposes, a uniquely Anglo- Saxon invention.
The Constitution was based on the expectation that “great men" would rise naturally to representative, judicial and executive positions in government, serve the “general welfare," i.e., that which benefited of all their constituents; or in the case of the executive, the nation; or in the case of the judi-
tion for themselves, who built this nation for their progeny...
'appointed (not popularly elected) senators, and the republican principle |oi limitedfranchise so that only free men. who in almost all cases had to meet property, literacy and self-sufficiency qualifications, could vote.
Immigration was strictly, and rationally, limited to whites. Negroes were not immigrants, they were slaves, and were still considered Africans. The Chinese later arrived as laborers, not immigrants, and they were still considered Chinese. And Indians were not “native Americans," they we re savages — as anybody who lived on the frontier could tell you. Those alien peoples were deliberately, and rationally, segregated from white American society and denied citizenship (except in the case of freedmen). In short, “multiculturalism" and “celebrating diversity" were concepts alien to those Anglo-Saxons who founded this nation for themselves, who built this nation for their progeny, and who framed a Constitution that created the most free government man has ever known. The phrase "all men are created equal" in the Declaration of Independence pertained tofreewhite men, equal before objective law (in the tradition of the Magna Carta), most certainly oat that all humankind exists in a utopian state of egalitarian bliss. They were expounding upon the societal basis for American nationhood, not interracial “brotherhood.”
Vol. VI, No. 1
17
Was out initially enlightened government based on those nascent communistic, FVench Revolution socialist obscenities, democracy egalitarianism and brotherhood? Not by a long shot. The word "liberty" juxtaposed with democracy, equality and fraternity is an oxymoron. But those three communistic ideological viruses soon infected and began to spread throughout America.
Metaphysical-egalitarianism, the notion mat all men are equal in all things, and that any differences, any inequality, is somehow "unfair" would have been met with incomprehension during die early Republic. For better or worse, men created their own lot in life; it was not handed to them by government dictated "affirmative action" policies. European immigrants, notably Germans, religious sects, and the Irish, were routinely discriminated against. Not because of their race, but because their culture and religions were alien. In almost all cases assimilation (or tolerance) was complete within a generation because despite some lingering cultural and religious differences, typically as regions setded by like culture groups, they were all EmroP eans. European immigrants could eventually therefore be subsumed as citizens of, for practical purposes, an ethnically Pan-European but culturally unique American nation.
Not so with Negroes, the Chinese, or American Indians. As races apart and alien cultures they were (right-hilly) considered unassimilable and therefore (justifiably) remained segregated and denied participation in the Euro-American polity.
If you had spit the swear word "racsstf" at an educated man in the emtiy republic for holding the above mentioned views he would have initially responded with a blank stare (because that "word" did not exist; indeed, was not invented — by Com-muniets, incidentally — until the 3930s) until he broke your abominable English into its noun and suffix. He would have then responded, after he had realizedyou meant prejudiced, "Of course I am an advocate of my own kind — you lout!" He would than have likely punched you in the mouth, and challenged you to a duel as a matter of honor, because prejudice means to prepossess with utiotfftMncd opinions; and no intclli'
The RESISTER
gent person doubted, or could doubt, based on the objective evidence daily surrounding him, that only whites, in particular Anglo-Saxons, could have created America. In short, you’d have not only insulted his intelligence, but you also would have denigrated his heir's bequest. [This is the point where “Thinking About Nationalism" broke down.]
II
What Benefit to the Nation?
conservatives.”
of
Personally, I find it singularly amazing that U.S. military veterans believe the “victor’s" histories of the wars they were either shanghaied into or voluntarily risked their lives to fight in, despite the blatant contradictions between what they were doing and why they were tola they were doing it, which, simply by virtue of being there, said contradictions had to have confronted them daily.
Without exception, the wars fought by the American military during the twentieth century were fought neither in America's interest nor to defend America. In order they were fought for the purposes of (i) establishing communism (World War I);
(ii)	protecting, preserving and defending communism (World War II);
(iii)	demoralizing the American people into accepting that communism cannot be defeated (Korea, Vietnam, et alia); (iv) consolidating international communism (Grenada, Panama, Lebanon, El Salvador et alia, Kuwait, Somalia); and (v) enforcing the egalitarian dictates of a private
“club" known as the "" Council on Foreign a Communist coun-	Without exception,	Relations (Haiti,
try, that their military	r • V	Bosnia, Kosovo, and
careers were spent in
the wars fought by the ^ thc’ other dom-
defense of a he and American military
that truth therefore during the twentieth requires action, and	.	°	r «
those Who could care century were fought
less whether neither in America's in-
America is a Com- terest nor to defend
America.
I am often asked why I am not a member of the local chapter of the Special Forces Association (Chapter 1/XVIII, Aaron Bank -Samuel S. Theriault Chapter, Fayetteville, NC). My answer, which is based partly on knowledge and partly on supposition is, ^They wouldn’t have me." Aside from that, quite frankly, they and I have little in common. After three years being retired I have come to notice that military retirees fall into two broad categories; those who know America is	""""
mumst country or not. The former are a decided minority, but ———— their realization of the magnitude of the betrayal that defined their military sendee more than compensates for their lack of numbers. Tne overwhelming majority of retirees fall into the latter category. They are content to "kick the footlocker" while pretending that their oath to defend the Constitution, at lesser or greater risk to their lives, actually meant something, so they are perfectly willing to continue to live the lie of democracy they uncritically swallowed their entire lives, and if they become politically aware at all it is in the context of debating the relative merits of Menshevik or Bolshevik candidates of "our" single Social Democrat Party or parrotii^ the Menshevik gabble
munist inspired “restoration	of
democracy," “peacekeeping" ana “humanitarian assistance” missions) at the behest of the Communist International — now popularly referred to as the United Nations.
Has the “coincidence” dawned on anyone else that the Soviet Communist International was “disbanded" in 1943 (to be replaced by its shadow, the Cominform) only several months after the "allies" referring to themselves as the United Nations, coincident with the collusion by Western democracies and the Soviet Union to form a world government to ensure “world peace?" “World peace," throughout the twentieth century has always meant lack of opposition to Judeo-Communism and it is not a stretch of the imagination — indeed, 1 contend it is a fact — to state that the United Nations is the Comintern transplanted.
Vol. VI, No. 1
Tht RESISTER
In all honesty I have scant regard for veterans who boast about their role in butchering their racial kindred in Europe during World Wars I fit II, at the behest of Judeo-Communists and their supporters, for the cause of “making the world safe for democracy.” They are little different than those Russian peasants herded into battle against the German anti-Bol-sheviks under the muzzles of (largely Jewish-manned) NKVD machine-guns during the JewSSR’s “Great Patriotic War. "Those veterans are not “heroes” in the traditional sense of being held in veneration for what they achieved, because what they “achieved” was the final destruction ofWestem civilization. Even contem-1 porary veterans parrot the same spoon-fed lies about “defending democracy* that they swallowed their entire lives without so much as a moment's reflection as to the lie’s origin or a passing thought as to its veracity. With rare exceptions veterans embody the mass brainwashing that defined those World War II *Why We Fight” propaganda flicks.
Did our veterans even ask why they were sent to European wars to fight their racial kindred? What threat was Imperial Germany to America? None. But it was destroyed in the name of “democracy* and then came perilously dose to falling to the Judeo-Com-munist-led Sparticist putsch. What threat was National Socialist Germany to America? None. But it was destroyed, again in the name of “democracy,” because it was anti-Bolshevik. How many veterans know that the Jew Karl Mordechai (a.k.a. Marx) once remarked, “Democracy is the road to socialism”? Or that the Jew (by Israeli standards of the “Law of Return”) V.I. Lenin agreed saying, “Democracy is indispensable to socialism,* and then added, “The goal of socialism is communism”? What irritates me, then, about American veterans who gabble in their VFW halls about “freedom” and “democracy (as if the two were synonyms, not oxymoronic) is that when they returned from any of the senseless wars their lives were calculated to be squandered in, they didn't string those responsible for getting us into those wan from lampposts. (Of course, doing so would have been another “Holocaust*.”)
Consider that throughout the 20th century, every war America has been driven into neadlong has served to consolidate the increasing communi-zation of America. Every war has served, by increasing degree throughout this century, to eviscerate the sovereignty of the several states and consolidate increasing power in “our* justly despised Soviet-like federal government. Every foreign war, in succession, has been the camouflage for the subsequent swelling of Bolshevist egalitarian revolutionary social change at home. And when it is pointed out to veterans that, for all
plishments in battle, their bravery or their acts of heroism, examples of which are legion and exemplary. Those things are unquestioned and they are rightly honored. That questions that need to be asked are, “what threat to America were they ’defending’ her against; and “of what benefit to the nation was their military service?” The answers are no threat (Roosevelt deliberately goaded the Japanese into attacking the United States) and none. [This is the point where “What Benefit...” broke down.]
Ill
What Patriot Movement?
Once again I am sitting here listening to contemporary Celtic music while sipping an Irish whiskey, reflecting upon the unimaginable magnitude of the task that faces this so-called “patriot movement” while resisting the urge to smear wold1 on myself (alas, my “action guy* days are over). I say so-called patriot movement, because it is neither a movement, nor is it particularly patriotic.
In fact, my observation is that comprehension of the magnitude of the issues involved in defeating communism, egalitarianism and democracy in America, is beyond the intellectual grasp of the overwhelming majority of those involved in this so-called “movement.” And before anybody starts moaning that I have arrogated to myself saia intellectual grasp, let me say that! am just beginning to get a grip on the magnitude of the problem, just starting to apprehend its range and scope. I claim no omniscience in the matter or monopoly on the solution. What I do claim is a measure of insight.
A “movement” assumes a coordinated effort or series of actions by individuals and groups to attain a specific end; in this case a political end. Coordination implies a command that sets the objective to be attained, and to what standard; leadership answers to command and executes commands orders, directives, and policies, while directing and coordinating the efforts of their subordinates in the attainment of command’s objective. In other words, there is a chain of command. I’ve been looking around. I haven’t seen one in this so-called “movement." What I
the good their martial service
brought to America_________________________
during the 20th cen-
tury, they might just \yhat threat was Im-as well have simply	. t
gotten it all over vAth	P«*l Germany to
by raising the ham- America? None. But it mer and sickle over	destroyed in the
the Capitol DUilding	raj	»
while joining ini name of democracy7’
hearty chorus of the and then came peril-
“Intemationale,”their ously close to falling to eyes glaze over, they i J t j n
ciutchthe -Star, and A* Judeo-Commu-Stripes” to their breast	nist-led SpartlClSt
and start croaking Tm putsch. What threat
Be An was National Socialist Now, if the fore- Germany to America? going sounds overly None. But it was de-Earsh it i. not a deni- stroyed again in the gration of veterans	J	cur	»
individually. I know name ot democracy,
because it was anti-Bolshevik.
very well that once one is in the military it is one’s duty to deploy where one is sent and fight whom one is told. Nor am I disparaging our veterans’ accom-
Vol. VI, No. 1
19
The RESISTER
I
have seen are loose and unsupervised individuals and groups more frequently than not working at disparate ends and, more frequently than not, fracturing into smaller and smaller factions over issues that amount to, at best, trivia. In fact, what I have been observing are the actions of rabble. What has this "movement" accomplished in the 60 or so years of its existence? Precisely nothing.
Patriotism is defined as zealous devotion to ones country, and a patriot, although originally meaning feOaar-countzyman, is now commonly defined as one who disinterestedly or •elf-sacrificingly exerts himself to promote the weubeiiw; of the country. [OED, 2nd ed..] Regardless, the keyword, around which all the above definitions of patriot revolve is "country." A country is a tract or district having more or less defined limits in relation to human occupation... by people of the same race, dialect, occupation, etc.... The territory or land of a nation... still distinct tn race, language, institutions, or historical memories.... (Emphases added.) [Ibid.] A nation of course, being an extensive aggregate of persons, so closely associated with each other by common descent, language, or history, as to form a distinct race or people.... (Emphases added.) [Ibid.] Note the common elements of that tie the definitions of patriot, country, and nation together. They are distinctness of race and language within a defined territory. But also note which element, if removed from the definitions above, divests the very idea of patriotism of any rational moaning — the sameness, common* ness, and distinctness of race. Therefore to be a patriot, to be a ft How ronnffyinaii who is zealously devoted to ooa*t country and it s wellbeing, is to be exclusive in heritage, to dc distinct in culture, to be intolerant of racial interlopers. In short, to be a patriot meant to be a I
i iscinnalisr
mentality of the “movement." Because until the squabbling knots of playground groups quit their bickering and stone-throwing and come together in common cause, this “movement” will continue to devolve into smaller and smaller factions; which plays straight into our enemy’s campaign to marginalize it. I nave even had so-called “leaders” in this “movement” try to get me to side with them against '■ one or another called “leader.” I refused, and will continue to refuse to do so. In fact, my deepest suspicions fall upon those who make such requests.
So, let’s stick to the decidedly unpatriotic nature of this “patriot movement.”
The motion picture Bravebeart is popular among “patriots,” so let’s use it as an example as Chutzpahwood is now stupidly consid- ■ ered an accurate source of history. Reconsider some of the most pointed dialogue in Bravebeart in light of the foregoing definitions.
“Your father was a fighter, and a patriot!” What was being said there? Try (paraphrasing), “Your father was a countryman, who risked his own life to rise-up and fight against the invading English menace in defense of his clan and race!” Or, Wallace’s, “I see
referred to as “genocide”2 and cleansing.”
etW
And if you think that was all o^. sided, remember Edward the Lo^
[Shanks’3 line, "If we can’t"get out, we’ll breed them out? pri^ nocte being nothing more than a lot* term, grand strategic commitmentto] mongrelizing an intractable race I while, at the same time, encouraging
bastardy (to order to i1 1	11avoid primae nocte)
among the intractable race and therefore encourage the breakdown of family, sept and clan loyalty, resulting ultimately in a breakdown of race consciousness and thus nationalist identity and patriotic sentiment. Sound familiar? It should.
The modem version of primae nocte is the immigration of non-Whites, integration, and miscegenation.
How patriotic is a 1	mixed	race	society?
According to our definitions above, it cannot be, because in a mixed race society “countryman” has no identifiable foundation other than resident of a territory. Indeed, what passes for patriotism in the majority of this so-called “patriot movement” is little more than jingoism. A jingo is defined as a “blustering or blatant ‘patriot,"* almost always in connection with “bellicose policy in dealing with foreign powers." [OED, 2nd ed.] Substitute the United Nations for “foreign powers," and militia for “bellicose, and you have what generally passes for “patriotism” these days, insofar as this “movement” defines itself Thus do “patriots” (justifiably) rant about the United Nations and raise militias to defend themselves against the domestic consequences of our government's treaties with it,but then, in order to avoid being called “racists," welcome "inclusiveness" with those racee who are parasites on al culture and civilization they could not have created, and with those whom our government t treaties with the UN have inflicted upon us through unlimited immigration. A multiracial society of course thoroughly under-1
Therefore to be a patriot, to be a fellow-countryman who is zealously devoted to one’s country and it’s wellbeing, is to be exclusive in heritage, to be distinct in culture, to be intolerant of racial interlopers. In short, to be a patriot means to be a racial nationalist.

|NoirTVfcStf
r remarked at the beginning chat this fir railed "patriot movement" it neither g movement nor par \culariy patriotic. We’ll eat aside Samuel Francis once described as the “phone-booth empire0
hat
a whole army of my country-^ “ran.—" Try (paraphrasing), “I see a whole army of my fellow-Celts... etc.”
' And this one, from Steven of Ireland, “If I risk my neck for you, will I get a chance to kill Englishmen ?” Try (paraphrasing), “If I, as a fellow-Celt, join with you, do I get to kill our common racial enemyr Getting uncomfortable yet? There was nothing “inclusive" in those lines. There were no “multicultural" sentiments expressed. There was no egalitarian notion of "tolerance1* for the presence of Anglo* Saxon English id Celtic Scotland.Those lines were the dialogue of Celt patriots talking amongst themselves. Their fight to establish their freedom and independence was every inch what is now
Vol. VI, No. \
mines the clearly defined racialist foundation of patriotism, and transfers loyalty from one’s racially kindred family, sept or clan (i.e., countrymen) to government, which has a decided interest in suppressing expressions of true patriotism (i.e. racial nationalism) as “hate” for the domestic barbarians they pander votes from, or the foreign barbarians they import and “naturalize” as anti-White voting blocs. [This is the point where “What Patriot Movement” bogged down.]
CONCLUSION
There you have it. Three separate (obviously unfinished) pieces approaching the subject of nationalism from three different directions but each single one having a bearing upon the other two.
I suppose one reason the above unfinished pieces reached dead ends during the writing is because they foiled to identify the first question that needed to be asked, “At what point in our history did we cease to be a nation?” But let’s take the question one step further: “Were we ever & nation?” And that question, gentle readers, is fodder for complete editorials in future issues.
NOTES:
’The cobalt-blue clay Celts used to smeared on themselves before battle.
The word “genocide" is a Jewish invention. It was coined by Raphael Lemkin in 1944 in his book, Axis Rule in Occupied Europe [pp. ix and 79], to describe the “destruction of a nation or ethnic group,” and was codified in 1955 in the United Nations “Genocide Convention.” (At the UN’s founding in 1947, three-fourths of its bureaucrats were Jews. [!]) It is particularly instructive that the term “genocide” meant (and presumably still means) “any action” or any “incitement" or aiw “complicity” which will in any way “cause a man of a particular race [Lemkin meant Jews] the least bit of anxiety or discomfort because of his race/ [Fr. Leonard Feeney, The Point, June 1955.] In
other words, the Genocide Convention meant that anyone who criticized a Jew in public, or called a Jew, a Jew. was “guilty” of “genocide.” [Loc. cit. j
3In fairness to King Edward I, he expelled the Jews from England on Au Saints Day in 1290, and England thrived and prospered until the Protestant and Freemason, Cromwell, who was financed by Dutch Jews, turned a blind eye to their return in 1657 as repayment for their “loans.” See: Nesta H. Webster, Secret Societies and Subversive Movements, GSG 6c Associates, PO Box 6448, Rancho Palos Verdes, CA 90734 (reprint of 1924 edition), pp. 125 - 126.
Who Commits Crime... ... anil against whom?
Arrest Rates by Race
Multiples of White Rate
Q8 Aslan | | While U Indian ^^3 Hispanic H Black
•	Which groups commit the most-and the least-crime?
•	How much inter-racial crime is there?
•	Is Mracial profiling*' ever justified?
•	How common are "hate crimes," and who commits them? For answers to these questions and more please send $5.00 for our meticulously documented study, The Color of Crime.
Now Century Foundation Box 627-T, Oakton, VA 22124 (703) 716-0900
Vol. VI, No. 1
21
The RESISTER
MVIERICA’S DEATH BY 1,000 CUTS
Dr. Susan L.M. I luck
THE CLINTON LEGACY
Clinton die Anointed
amilton Jordan, longtime
Pi
Haide to President Jimmy Carter, told interviewer Bob Schieffer on May 14 that before Carter was even elected president, he, Jordan, had been provided with a rather special introduction to Bill Cfinton.
Now,“before Carter became president* means no later than the election year 1976.That year; Ham Jordan would have been an important and very busy man. By contrast, in that vear Bill Clinton turned thirty and he had not yet been elected to anything, even in Arkansas. He was merely a candidate for Arkansas attorney general.
But Ham Jordan recalls being guided in the direction of Bill Clinton — possibly at the Democratic National Convention—and told to take heed, because this man was going to be president of the United States.
Who are the members of the cabal, may we ask, who anoint these people so far in advance?
Something Besides Monica? Clinton Saves the Constitution!
On the whole, Bill Clinton is just Slick Willie. Ai Gore is the guy whose statements suggest he ire-gusndy loses his grip on reality. But Clinton matched Gore fantasy for fantasy whan he claimed to have saved the Constitution — from Newt
Gincridi and Kan Stan

Leaving aside a probable forcible rape while attorney general of Arkansas, we find, as the Washington Times editorialized, that Clinton laid the groundwork for saving the Constitution by exposing himself to Paula Jones. He kept up the good work with a procession of Jane Does and “bimbo eruptions” suppressed by private-eve in-timidators before moving on to Monica Lewinsky, perjury,
out more of the part-whites.
What had been a very productive French colony fell into ruin — where it has remained. But American banks loaned money to any gang in charge, with import duties as “security.” ' That is what brought the U.S. Marines to Haiti in 1915. And Haiti was controlled with no more than a reinforced company of Marines for twenty years!
Enter more modem times. With the arrogance of our ruling socialists, “Papa Doc” Duvalier was installed as President of Haiti because he was all blacky not of mixed ancestry.
Papa Doc, supposedly a medical doctor, lost little time in becoming “President for Life by Acclamation,” as the billboards used to announce, and reverting to voodoo. He remained in power by the usual method
The Clinton “legacy” will include the new ________	Red	Chinese	ballistic
and obsttuction of jus- missiles riding in their terror. By the time he
tlc®- , ,	,	new	submarines,	and	became an emb.?1
Look, for us, for	.	j	%	rassment to our lib-
the “American our 3 advanced ra- erau he
ieople,” he paid off
noloey “bought” from our “faithful srael. The nuclear bomb tech-
|
Our president doesn't see impeach-_Jnt as a disgrace. It was just a mean thing the Republicans did. “Let me tell you, 1 am proud of what we did there because 1 chink we saved the Constitution of the United Stele#.*
people
Paula Jones so that hel could devote himself to such labors as the I continuing sellout to "
Red China.
The Clinton “legacy” will include the new Red Chinese ballistic missiles riding in their new submarines, and our most advanced radai^echH
ally^
nology left out to be stolen should have taken longer to come to fruition. Ideally, by the time we are penalized by the sellout, we could have forgotten whose re-election the Chinese payoffs made possible.
There’* Haiti...
Early in my intellectual career, I was earning three big cents a word by writing encyclopedia articles. Haiti was dumped in my Up. I do recall being impressed by Haiti’s dismal history. Massacre followed massacre. After the whites were killed or driven away, the part-whites, being smarter, tended to rise to the top. At intervals, however, the all blacks would get it together wipe
dar technology “bought” from our “faithful ally,” Israel.
| was
sufficiently well-entrenched to hand off Haiti to his son, “Baby Doc” — who ■ ■' “soon tossed it aside, opting for the good life in France.
So Haiti has been a dreadful disappointment to our liberals. They keep pouring their effort and our money into the fantasy of transforming Haiti into a model mini-state.
When Moscow could no longer be of assistance, the Clinton administration flooded Haiti with some
20,000	members of our armed forces in order to reinstall in power a Communist “priest" who could scarcely believe his good fortune.
After seven years of meddling, Haiti is still Haiti. In the year 2000, 197 years after the blacks took over, “Haitians remain the poorest people in the Western Hemisphere, and most cannot read. Few have had any experience of human rights.... Voodoo, the religion the descendants of African slaves still practice widely, leaves many Haitians in desperate fear of powers they believe are beyond their control yet are manipulated by their enemies.”
Peter F. Romero, our “acting assistant secretary of state for Haitian
Vol. VI, No. 1
affairs * says “Haiti has not fulfilled many of [our] expectationsbut then, you see, "Haiti has struggled to overcome nearly two centuries of authoritarian rule." (See paragraph 1.) Romero praised the Haitian National Police as “widely respected,” even though an "immature” force “grappling with corruption, drugs, and human rights.”
...and the Balkans
It has been airily announced that American troops will be in the Balkans “indefinitely,” serving among NATO’s fifty or sixty thousand more-or-less occupation troops. “Home by Christmas.” That was 1995.
Another historical note: In the wake of World War I, the victors amused themselves by re-drawing the map of Europe, with particular attention to the Balkans. Yugoslavia was created out of the ruins of the Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman Empires by forcing into one mold people from all the regions which have now re-appeared on the map — Slovenia, Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia, now-forgotten Herzegovina, plus Montenegro, Macedonia, and formerly unknown Kosovo.
Clinton’s State Department, essentially delivered over to Jewish control, has produced a degree of Christian-cleansing notable enough to be criticized in Europe. The “mass murders” by Serbs have been scaled way down as “mass graves” fail to turn up, and the actual toll is now about equal to the “mass murders” by our pet Albanian drug-peddlers.
That “peaceful, multi-ethnic democracy” in Kosovo is none of the above. Kosovo is being quite efficiently “ethnically cleansed” by the KLA. “According to the U.N. High Commission for Refugees, 150,000 non-Albanians have fled Kosovo since NATO declared victory.”
These are almost all Christians — Orthodox, Roman Catholic, or Protestant. The KLA has thereby secured the KLA’s drug route from the heroin-producing regions to Western Europe.
Glum observers of Kosovo in the raw have commented on Americas “fact-free" reporting from that area.
The RESISTER
“In a gloomy assessment a year after NATO’s intervention, [a U.N. human rights investigator] reported that Kosovo was “ethnically cleansed of non-Albanians, divided, without any legal system, ruled by illegal structures of the Kosovo Liberation Army, and very often by competing mafias.” British writer John Laughland made his own on-site observations. “Kosovo continues to wallow in chaos and squalor,” yet features “traffic jams” created by cars stolen from all over Europe, huge trucks bringing in “foreipi aid,” and the pavement-smashing armored vehicles which KFOR troops prefer as their ordinary means of transportation.” Kosovo is really ruled by “stubbly young men in	'
leather jackets and sunglasses hanging around on street cor-
ners.
But here’s the best comment: “The great self-referential world of international orga-
Clinton’s State Department, essentially delivered over to Jewish control, has produced a degree of I Christian-cleansing
ruzations has installed notable enough to be itself in force. By ...	,	.	£
“self-referential,” he criticized w Europe.
means they pay no at- ........■■■■I
tention to any but their own kind. In Kosovo, as of the end of 1999, Laughland found “more than 400 foreign non-governmental organizations [NGOs] registered in Kosovo, each of which seems to have its own fleet of white jeeps.”
Laughland correctly calls them “this new global elite.” Listening to them talking to each other—the best way, by far, to gauge true attitudes — he found them chattering about “whether their next posting would be Jakarta or Geneva. Every busybody “concern” of the international left is their “concern,” too. They do quite well for themselves.
Fantasy time involves creating a “peaceful, multi-ethnic democracy in Bosnia as well. This should be done by fooling (through propaganda), paying oft (with our tax money) or
forcing (militarily) people to forget | who they are and “celebrate diversity.” “There is still a lot of nationalism," moans our Jewish gauleiitr of Bosnia. “People tend to vote ethnically, not ideologically or economically." He means they ignore hil control of money, propaganda and
armed force in order to retain their ethnic identities.
Hence, an indefinite series of six-month tours of occupation duty for American regular and National Guard units.
The Clintonistas Corrupt Everything they Touch
udges appointed by President Clinton have their own special cabal. This isn’t supposed to hap-&n. Judges are supposed to be even-anded and “collegial.” But the clintonistas corrupt everything they touch. Their judges know why they were appointed!
“U.S. District Chief Judge Norma Holloway Johnson bypassed the random computer assignments to send pending criminal cases against Webster Hubbell and Charles Yah Lin Trie to judges appointed by Clinton, it was reported in January — a year late. And yes, she had done the same in less high-profile cases “potentially embarrassing to the president, the Democratic National Committee, and Democrats generally.” Most cases mentioned involved crooked fund-raisers; Web Hubbell was “rescued” from Ken Starr, and not obliged to testify against Hillary.
On another front, the effort of the Branch Davidians to seek any kind of justice, after the federal government s brutal massacre in April of 1993, is still being stonewalled by the Department of “Justice."
“I Know Who They Are...'
S
ays Judge Royce Lumber th, “and 1*11 hang them” — if they don’t blah-blah-blah. Well, he doesn't mean that literally, and we are still waiting for any of the human blobs in the White House corruption stew to “pay,” personally and meaningfully. That does not mean a slap on the wrist and a “fine” passed off to the taxpayers.
VbL VI, No. 1
23
judge Lamberth is tougher thanl most, because he’s had seven years of 1 experience with chn ton is fas. He knows how he has been lied to, stonewalled, and otherwise jerked around. He was then looking at the matter of the huge stash oF'tmssmg” e-mails pertaining, as chance would have it, to Monica, campaign finance, and similar malfeasances. There are layers of lies, threats, and "little people” terrorized with imprisonment, should they tell outsiders what they know.
Some things are more important than national security. Let the Red Chinese have our finest military technology. So what? Saving the hides of the criminal class occupying the White House is really vital.
Even federal judges must fear the clintonista vengeance machine. Lamberth has heard the thunder. He will never be promoted. As Hillary routinely expresses herself in these matters, “That’ll teach ‘em to fuck with us!”
Recall that Judge Robert Bork, considered a shoo-in for the Supreme Court, based upon his qualifications, was put through a prolonged and gruelling process of defamation which has earned its own term — "to bork, borking, borked.” That pre-Clinton effort was a project of the Liberal Establishment as a whole.
Following the impeachment, Hillarys lap-dog, Senator Robert Torricelli (D-NJ) told Kenneth Starr, a former appeals court judge, that he could kiss bis career goodbye. Although Starr had once been considered on trade” for the Supreme Court, he was not surprised by Torricellis announcement.
An Epidemic of Amnesia at Justice
Ilf we have learned nothing else I from the Clintons, we have learned how to resist questioning. Just say you cant remember anything. How many clintonistas have walked away horn how many dimes bypleading ignorance and amnesia? Even if evidence is shoved under your nose "to refresh your memory,” just claim it doesn't do the iob.
Paul Craig Roberts, himself a former sub-cabinet officer, has waxed sarcastic about the virulent strain of
The RESISTER
White House amnesia sweeping the utterly corrupted Department of Justice with respect to the “Clinton-Gore-Chinese campaign finance scandal.”
Attorney General Janet Reno claims she can’t recall FBI Director Louis Freeh ever recommending that she recuse herself from investigation of
Hillary’s Hilarious Problem
N
ew York's Tews are only half behind Hillary Clinton in her bid to join fellow gun-grabber Chuckie Schumer in the Senate. Why? They have nothing to fear from her Republican 1	rival, and Hillary's
JSSST Rokn., »h„ to*.
Her deputy in charge the law, writes, There ments of proof the cover-up, Lee is no doubt whatsoever Palestinianism. Thatl Radek, can’t remem-	A	is, she once saidsome-
ber explaining to two that the DoJ had been thi and she also top FBI officials that obstructing justice, he was under a lot of That is still a crime on
P"MUr'to	the books. The whin-1
anair, because it he .	-	L n
didn’t, Ms Reno Weenies Oi the Re- rael-firsters. Every might be out of a job, publican Party shy lapse or misstep is despite the dear rec- away from hauling centrally stored, never ollections of other top .«	/	° r forgotten, and avail-1
FBI officials. Nor can these Creatures out OI able_jor_ Use of on-
Radek imagine why their mouse-holes be-
he created a sham cause “people might investigation and tor- | r .	«	°
pedoed any real lose faith m the gOV-
search for evidence, eminent” if we let and it has slipped his them see how corrupt wbich goytm aie ex
mind entirely that he	•.	«	•	■	r	pected to police each
2	It really is!	other on bihalf of the I
Jews. Apparently
once failed to say somethingy both occasions displeasing and duly noted by the Is-
at any time.
The “failed to say something” episode demonstrates one of the methods by
blocked a seizure of evidence, allowing it ™ to be destroyed, and flat-out ordered other agents to stop work!
Roberts, who knows the law, writes, “There is no doubt whatsoever that the DoJ had been obstructing justice.” That is still a crime on the books. The whining weenies of the Republican Party shy away from hauling these creatures out of their mouse-holes because “people might lose faith in the government” if we let them see how corrupt it really is!
Roberts sees the problem as requiring even more than a wholesale clearing-out of personnel. “The very concept of law that protects us from tyranny has been lost. No longer the people s shield, law has become a weapon in the hands of the government....The legal principles that protect us from arbitrary and abusive government power have been eroded by ambitious prosecutors, inattentive judges and juries, and legal theories inimical to our legal heritage.”
In shorter form, "Some people corrupt everything they touch."
Hillary, in one of her romps to the| Middle East, said notbingymiLc Yasir Arafat’s [trophy-White] wife said something. The Jews believe that Hillary should have jumped down Mrs. Arafat’s throat, at once, on the spot! But she didn’t.
Next, let us grant that Hillary is a prize garbage-mouth and a notoriously sore loser. When Bill Clinton first ran for a House seat in 1974, he lost. Hillary, in her usual manner, lashed out at everyone within range. One such luckless supporter was Paul Fray. She bore down on him, calling him at least a Jew bastard, probably a £»*•*•» jew bastard, since that asterisked word trips easily from her “ladyship’s” tongue.
Instant damage-control involved mixed signals. Hillary stonewalled — it neverhappened. Bill jumped too soon, saying ne was there, and while he did not deny the other words — she has probably called him that often enough —- he insisted that Hillary could not possibly have called a Jew a Jew. Saith Bill, who has never been
24
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
known to lie, “she is squeaky clean” on the subject of politically incorrect shirs!
THE SISSIFI CATION OF AMERICA
Of Horses and Wilderness
The temptation is to blame the Girl Scouts of America, but beyond that, you can blame die lawyers who thrive on ridiculous lawsuits and a government that supports their efforts.
The source didn’t say how many pages were included in the original release form required by the Girl Scouts, but here are my excerpts.
So you want to rent a horse? A horse, you know, is a Consumer Product, which means you can’t fall off one in peace. “According to the National Electronic Injury Surveillance System, horse activities rank 64th among the activities of people relative to injuries that result in a stay at a U.S. hospital.” The Nanny State is ever vigilant!
“Horseback riding is the only sport where a much smaller, weaker predator animal [that’s you] tries to impose its will on a much larger, stronger prey animal with a mind of its own [that’s the horse]” Therefore, please sign here to indicate that you understand that you could “fall 3 to 5 feet.” (The lawyer must never have met a really ornery horse.) Meanwhile, we await the federally-mandated hardhats, knee and elbow pads, and Safety Saddles.
Tne Girl Scouts were girding to ride horses in a designated “wilderness.” The city lawyer was doing his beat to ensure that the girls were cognizant of the perils. Tne release form put it this way. “Wilderness is a wild, rugged and uncultivated area or region, as of forest and/or hills and/or mountains and/or plains and/or wetlands, which would likely be uninhabited by people and inhabited by wild animals of many types and species to include, but not limited to, mammals, reptiles, and insects, which arc not tame, may be savage and un-
predictable in nature, and also wandering at their will.”
Eek! A Gun!
I’m getting the picture. There’s method to the madness. Four five-year-old boys were suspended from school for playing cops-and-robbers during recess! One pointed his finger and said “bang-bang, you’re dead,” or words to that effect.
“Children felt threatened,” quoth a “school official,” explaining why this earth-shaking event was reported and then bucked up the bureaucratic line. We have *zero tolerance” of
other ways are forbidden. General COO has made world history as the first lieutenant general in anyone’s army to sniffle about inappropriate touching. And there seems to be no statute of limitations on the accusations, nor any disqualifying degree of staleness to mem.
What a practically fool-proof way to put a fellow general’s career into the tank!
Ai
A Reminder
few issues back I noted that the “climate” of a campus near ome was such that a student
“threats.” “Given the climate of our simply defined “harassment” as “any-society, we cannot take any of these | thing that makes me feel uncomfort-
statements in a light manner,” said district superintendent of schools William Bauer.
Consider, if you will, the fantastic level of violence portrayed in film,TV and video games. That s okay,because the Self-Chosen are making tons of] money from it. Contrast mis with adults hyperventilating about the pointed fingers of five-year-olds. Forget pen-knives; kids have been busted for water pistols, butter knives and nail clippers.
Zero tolerance is not the rule if the “Reverend” Jesse Jackson is protecting a gang of rioting black hood-
able.” We now have kiddies who expect life to be all warm, fuzzy and cuddly for them.
THE ELIAN AFFAIR
Janet Reno Has a Way with Children
I
n her days as a local prosecutor, Attorney General Reno was well-known for conducting Miami’s
lums. Ana we've all seen Bill Clinton brand of the Liberal Witchcraft Tri-trying to parlay the budding 6-year- | als. “Daycare providers” were tor-
old black crackhouse killer into more “gun control” for the rest of us.
Does it strike you that something odd is going on? The real point is to “condition”just whites, from tiny tots to slack-jawed adults, to freak out at the very thought of “guns.”
General COO
Flancy this. Sergeants Major — Bsome of them tough men — suiting quietly as the chief of U. S. Army intelligence gushes on about her Consideration oiOthers (COO) program instead of Army business. Just part of the kinder, gentler, more ladylike army. Our social engineers are to pleased with their mantra, “This is not your father’s army.”
No indeed. This is Hillary’s army, with Hillary’s kind of generals. But it is only touchy-feely in certain ways;
mented for years, charged with Icommitting obscene atrocities on the innocent tykes in their care. Children had “anatomically correct” dolls thrust upon them and were brow-beaten into making grotesque accusations for which there was no actual evidence. By the time this liberal fad faded, there was plenty of child and adult wreckage in its wake.
Then, as our chief federal law enforcement officer, Ms Reno decided that David Koresh was “beating babies” in Waco, and remedied the situation by having them burned alive. Included were two “trauma-bom infants.” That means that their pregnant mothers, writhing in the feds’ holocaust, gave birth to oabies in time for them to be burned alive as well.
Janet is such a nurturing person! She struck again, on Clintons orders. Bad luck — a photographer got The Picture Worth Many Thousand
Vol. VI, No. 1
25
Word*, speaking volumes about ehntonista America. Our clintonistas won praise from Fidel himself, and a woman of my acquaintance, who had experience of the Gestapo during World War II says, “the Gestapo had
better manners.
Two Weeks of Keen Preparation
You must understand that assaulting a small family home! requires the full resources of] the Department of Justice. At least two weeks of‘training” went on during which we saw two weeks of pro-1 paganda “prep-fire” demonization of the Miami Cubans. The feds were frightening themselves with rumors of everything from unspecified “re-£to ‘paramilitaries surrounding the house!" Fidel contributed the work of his own corps of spies and snitches to whatever may have been spooking Janet Reno.
All tne “negotiations” over those two weeks were phony, because the raid was going down. Several liberals who thought they were partid-| pants were crushed at having been
deceived and losing their fifteen minutes of fame. Looking forward to the raid, Greg Craig, the Clinton lawyer detailed to Castro's team, asked the media vxU ahead of the raid not to cover the action. (Bad luck that a free-lance photographer was in the boose!)
Gregory Craig charges at least 1400 an hour — jealous rivals claim it's more like $850 an hour, what with this and that tacked on. Craig says he is being paid by ‘private donations.” These were initially laundered through the leftist United Methodist Church. The habitually pro-Com-munict National Council of Churches is represented by Joan Brown Campbell, a cuo-chewing old apparatchik who has shepherded Euans father through many an interview. She and Fusel go bade a long way.
So armed and armored assailants of the sort we taxpayers imagine arc supposed to take on me bad guys were instmd roughing up dtixens, tossing the house in a vain search for ‘weapons/’ breaking a lot of things to teach a lesson, and of course snatching a
The RESISTER
screaming kid.
Post-op “spin control” has been desperate. Craig grabbed a point-and-shoot so he could say, “Look, the kid s smiling! Forget the rest of it!” (An intelligence professional noticed a band-aid over the boy’s right forearm and wondered whether he had been given a shot of happy-juice.) The Justice Department wanted us to notice that the submachine-gun was not pointed exactly at the kid, and the agent 8 fmger was not quite on the trigger.
Where are the Politicians?
m
ere they usually are — ducking for cover. The Republicans are huffing and puffing and then backing down from the Bolshevik wing of “our” sole political party. Sena- ________
tor Orrin Hatch ear-nestly huffed and puffed about hearings into ‘possible violations of the law” and
Democratic Senators
Leahy and Feinstein
had very simple an-the Fourth Amend- swers to the Gestapo the main plot. How
ment but, uh, not real .	. Ut% ii «_ r« about not flaunting
soon, dunno when. taCtlCS. * OUS Show the gu-ti f00 much? The
The Trophy War
N ever mind traumatizing the
kid, what about traumatic
Bill Clinton? It has beeniu? gested that Fidel threatened another “Mariel boatlift” like the one in 1980 when a weak-kneed Jimmy Carter let Fidel dump 125,000 loonies and criminals on us. The worst of the worst were sent to Fort Chaffee, Arkansas, and when they got loose and terrorized the locals, then-governor Bill Clinton paid the political price — two years of moping around out
of office!
Hand over the kid or I’ll send you my latest crop of criminals and loonies, and you, too, won’t have the guts to stop me. Is that Fidel’s message?
Or are the pair of them working on Clinton’s tattered “legacy,” such as “normalizing relations with Cuba, which only a liberal would imagine to be a winning issue.
The Clinton administration is wonting on a sub-plot to
American people” don’t care, and nave another happy-face picture.
(A wit familiar with the Senators habit of folding said, “Don’t count your Hatches before they chicken.*) Democratic Senator Bob Graham, a former governor of] Florida, had asked Clinton not to raid| at night. He reports that Clinton said, “We can do that.” Graham kind of thought that was a promise, but, uh, maybe, uh, maybe it really wasn’t. Can anyone imagine that Clinton makes credible promises?
Democratic Senators Leahy and Feinstein had very simple answers to the Gestapo tactics, rolls show the American people” don’t care, and have another happy-face picture.
But let’s look at the bright side.
kid is a trophy. “Elian is a possession of the Cuban government,
?ruoth Cuba’s top of-icial in the United
_____________|	States.	Rest	assured
that Elian will be on exhibit around the island for months in his Young Pioneer uniform, in hopes of foaming up enthusiasm for Castro’s boring ana moth-eaten regime.
Castro’s shirt-pocket ‘constitution states that ‘The education of children and young people in the spirit of communism is the duty of all society* specifying that they be raised “with a communist personality” and outlawing “influences contrary to communist development ,*The “Children and
Youth Code” would also cause Hillary Everybody on God’s earth nas seen I Rodham Clinton to swoon with ioy.| That Picture. I know personally of Creating little communists is the job
i ______a.a_________4_____t* I	i.it t	%
some dear tweet innocent Americans! who have finally gotten the larger Picture.
of‘the state and “all who come into contact with the child,* meaning parents and teachers. The penalties for polluting young minds with politically incorrect notions are stiffer than those in our own educational system.
26
Vol. VI, No. 1
Let the brainwash begin with Cuban team brought here to revel in the Aspen Institute's Wye “Plantation." This is a prime waterfront spread made tax-exempt because the rich and famous need it as a luxurious private waterhole. A speaker on the McLaughlin Group of talking heads dared to refer to it as “a Communist re-education camp."
Role Reversals
There are interesting role-reversals to be observed in this case. We have our Chief Offender, President William Jefferson Clinton, preaching to us about the sanctity of the law. We find the collectivizers of “our" children pretending that they are upholding parental rights" rather than ridel's ownership all Cubans. And we see liberals trashing an “ethnic minority which dares to disagree with them.
A comment in National Review stated matters with uncharacteristic vigor — we wonder who wrote it. Tne Elian case “has taken on all the familiar contours of a Clinton operation. There is the shady lawyer with his questionable funding. There are the private meetings between Clinton emissaries and foreign despots, with unknown deals being struck and unknown favors being traded." The author had unkind words for lily-livered Republican congressmen “dithering and ducking and checking their polls" while the Democrats practice rneir triumphant sneers." And of course the operation featured “the slander machine... the smash-mouth operations [which will leave] Cuban-Americans [with the reputation of] Idaho mili-
*2__W
has.
Think about that one. How about an alliance?
WA1 Gore has a Yiddish
soul”
V.P. Candidate Joe Liebcrman
SPRINGTIME! THE SAP RISES! IT’S
DEMONSTRATION
TIME!
Down With die World Bank!
The April demonstrations in Washington began in mid-jApril. Picture this — thousands of whites closing down the nation’s capital on a workday, and at least ostensibly taigeting organs of the New World Order. Eminentoes of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund had to be smuggled into their buildings in the pre-dawn darkness, often eating and sleeping there, daring not to show their faces. One is inclined to call it “a good beginning”
Would that they had been whites defending their race, Americans defending their rights and sovereignty, armed citizens standing up for the Second Amendment.
Alas, this was not the case. They were the usual privileged brats from leftist colleges ana universities parroting everything from classroom libthink to “causes” so off-the-wall that there is no way to form them into coherent phrases. Old Radical Eleanor Holmes Norton, now the representative in Congress for the District of Columbia, “congratulated” the demonstrators for their “skill and wisdom" and for being so “like us in the Sixties." That’s what made one demonstrator’s comment so depressing. “We want a revolution to make our parents proud," meaning a leftist revolution to warm the hearts of aging commies and their hippie and flower-children dupes of yesteryear.
Targeting financial pillars of the New World Order seems an odd way to go about it However, consider that the “demands" of those who thought they had demands were that the World Bank and IMF simply write off, wipe out, forgive and forget about the billions and billions of dollars “loaned" to thugs and thieves presiding over what are laughingly called “nations," and then simply “give" them
more money.
Big deal! The overpaid “suits" in the buildings who are, after all, dispensing the earnings of taxpayers in the productive societies, may be quite willing to scratch those “loans" off the ledgers and simply hand around more money. One way they’ve been doing it is by forgiving debts if the errant government will deliver to the environmentalists control over large portions of the national territory That’ll work, until you run out of national territory. The “environmentalists" wouldn’t mind having it all.
Now, As ForTactical Details...
The demonstrators made much of their communication skills, and certainly they had many advantages — fax, e-mail, and cellphones — not available to the previous generation. In fact, the foreign policy Establishment published a long interview with Lori Wallach, the young Jewish Harvard lawyer who managed a good portion of the “networking.” One expects to find her recruited into the Council on Foreign Relations fairly soon.
The demonstrators enjoyed the same good press as their parents had. Their “training camps* were not trashed and their leaders were not demonized, as would be the case were they non-leftists. “Aren’t they clever and brave!" was the media message, as they went about doing things that “you and I" — normal people — would be jailed for doing.
In view of the above, it is surprising that the demonstrators were not more effectively deployed. They seemed fairly well-equipped for “field operations, with water bottles, rain ponchos, helmets and real gas masks. A new wrinkle was a method of chaining demonstrators together with their arms inside PVC pipe. They could thus block traffic. But the police kept traffic out of most of downtown, to it became a question of how longthey wanted to sit there like that.
There were field “medics," and of course the fledgling legal activists taking down police name-tags and posting them on the internet.
Money? For one thing, the National Taxpayers’ Union discovered that “organizations" represented in the
Vol. VI, No. 1
27
The RESISTER
street* had previously received about $15 million in federal grants for all their “do-gooding*The demonstrators did have a point, though, when they invited examination of how much tax money the World Bank and IMF had received.
Organisation? Could have been better. There were “affinity groups,” meaning dusters of tree-huggers here and swamp-lovers there, each often riven to lengthy discussions of I aunno, wadda you wanna do next? Most were content to get themselves and their posters in front of cameras, and to beat drums, chant, prance around, toss fnsbees or take naps.
But the ahlack-blocn sought action. The black-bloc consisted of masked and black-dad whites waving the red-and-black flag of “anarchism.” Masks are supposed to be a no-no, but that 6 only to make the Klan unhappy. Masks for those on the left are okay. The black-bloc provided some debris-hurling and charging of police lines to make die whole dung worthwhile.
What of the Police?
Reporters, and especially television cameramen, were keen for a little decent action, and quite possibly die police longed for it as well. One day was hot, and another featured pouring rain, and mobs of cops in a million dollars worth of brand-new hot gear were just standing around. It cost at least $5 million in police overtime in order to deploy a mho of one police officer for every two demonstrators. Besides metropolitan police, nearly two dozen other law enforcement outfits could be drawn upon, from the Secret Service to the Park Police and the National Guard.
■On the final day, as the kiddies
drifted home in the rain, the ratio of to demonstrators exceeded one-
1A#
loans
party was essentially given the freedom of the city, because they just went wherever they pleased and the police trailed along, pretending to be in charge.
A wrong turn by the police chief s car led to a confrontation which resulted in the four-star cop having one of his stars snatched off his shoulder. (Now that’s a souvenir worth taking home and bragging about!)
sary of the birth of V.I. Lenin, thus allowing^for East-West celebrations. (Earth Day, Birthday —■ ha-ha, ifwe don’t tell ‘em, they'll never get it.)
As bad luck would have it, thegala 30th anniversary of this Kwaanza for Ecofreaks was washed out of the headlines by the gunpoint seizure of Elian Gonzalez. And after all that planning! To attract squealing teeny-boppers, they had brought out pretty
Masks fof	°n	Q	SiCaprio. For"the "old
allowed to defy one	left	Sire	okiiy*	fogies of the “move-
last “limitation and	-	-	-	—	ments,” they trotted
Now, here's an interesting precedent. Forgot parade permitft
Washington newspapers began the week by snowing maps of the isw streets which were to be blocked off, but by the end of the affair, the bulk of downtown Washington, an area of ninety blocks which even encom passed the White House, were cordoned off- This sort of floating block
interfere with traffic on 14th Street, a very major thoroughfare. They could have been prevented from doing this, but they were not.
No, instead, high police officials were seen clutching bouquets of flowers, ordering their men to expose their frees and reveal their name-tags, “dialoguing” with some creature dressed as a tree, and in the words of a top cop, “putting a little love and trust in it.
As the demo wound down, hundreds pleaded to be arrested for something, so they could return to campus and Drag about it. One could wish mat they were treated to a D.C. Jail Experience. “Hangin* Judge” John Sirica of Watergate fame made quivering snitches out of White House staffers by letting them know what happens to white boys in D.C. Jail.
No such luck. These were liberals, “youths” from posh institutions, tomorrows ruling-class. The police settled for the old, “Okay, step across this line. Who’s next? Who else? C’mon, let’s get this over with.” Some kiddies may have been as roughly handled as little old ladies at abortion protests.
“PO-L1CE
BRUTALITY!”
Earth Day
This is intended as a "high holiday” of the new secular "state religion,” eventually to replace Easter. It was created in 1970 to coincide with the hundredth anniver-
out what’s left of David Crosby.
Long-ago ex-senator Gaylord Nelson, an initial front-man for this “holiday,” sounded a bit discouraged about tne whole thing. He had really hoped to be more oi an icon by this time.
DiCaprio read a speech full of those liberal “we, us and our” words which warn of guilt-trips and obligations to be laid upon you. “If we value our coastlines, our farmlands, and our vital biodiversity, we must build a national consensus to reduce our emissions of greenhouse gases,” intoned the Titanic star. It is unlikely that he could even name a “greenhouse gas” off the top of his head, much less understand the game behind “we must.”
Never mind. So much of what is actually being proposed by the Clinton-Gore administration is warmed over from Earth Days past. Thirty years ago, we were urged to expect a bright new future powered by “wind, solar, and biomass*’ energy. (Biomass, by the way, was formerly known as “firewood,” just as wetlands were formerly known as swamps.)
Debunking the nonsense takes a little more room than we choose to give it here and now.
Just be advised that vice president and presidential candidate A1 Gore is a fanatic on such subjects. In 1992, he wanted to load up all fossil-fuels with huge taxes, ana in the re-issue of his book, Earth in the Balance, he stands by his aim to get rid of "the internal combustion engine” in the near future.
Sayonara to most forms of mechanical movement. Walking and bicycling are rood for you, and hones
28
Vol. VI, No. t
are okay as long as they wear diapers. We wonder whether Gore has thought this through. What about agricultural machinery? The Amish cant feed us all.
Freak Rally on the Mall
articipants happily refer to themselves as freaks. If they
PSH9
the country that D.C. means Deviant
Coital."
The last “gay march" in Washington was a pretty disgusting performance. Most media blanked it out to spare the bad actors our scorn. Government buildings were even rented to the “sadie-masies ," the homosexual sado-masochists, so the whips and chains and stuff could be exhibited, demonstrated, and sold.
There was the usual moaning about freaks being unappreciated, which is a “hate crime," and they want new and better “hate crime legislation." They also want “outreach” to die other balkanized “groups" into which the nation has been professionally divided.
But then, this rally was also supposed to be “family oriented.” The queers suddenly want to be “married,” so innocent kids were dragged along under a “Freaks Are Family banner, wearing T-shirts advertising that they had two mommies, or whatever the arrangement might be.
The turn-out... could have been better. There was apparendy a huge amount of dissension among all these funded organizations. One complaint was, why lobby now? Congress is going to hang it up and go home soon, Clinton is a lame duck, save the energy for next year. Die-hards like (right) the National Latino/a Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Organization stuck it out, though, while liberal suburbia was represented by self-declared “straights" from a local high school who were “feeling good about themselves" by standing fast against “slurs." Freedom of speech does not include “slurs."
The good newt is that the cash receipts, estimated at about 1750,000, appear to have vanished without a trace.The FBI is on the case. Couldrft happen to a nicer bunch.
The RESISTER
The Phony “Moms” March
This was a White House and Democratic Party scheme given vital support and protection by the mass media. Among the financiers was billionaire George Soros, a money-manipulator who has bankrupted small nations, and for whom nanding out $200,000 here, $200,000 there, is tip money. Soros financed a big New York anti-gun lawsuit, and shovels money to fellow tribesman Charlie Schumer, a gun-grabber now in the Senate.
The demonstration leader was Donna Dees-Thomases, sis-
There was the usual moaning about freaks being unappreciated, which isaahate crime,” and they want new and better “hate crime legislation.”
ter-in-law of Susan Thomases, Hillarys best buddy. (Is “Dees” related to Morris Dees of Southern Pov? We don’t know.) This woman arranged for Hillary the Carpetbagger to appear with David Letterman, all primed with the answers to a “pop quiz” on facts about New York. She has been the public-relations flack for CBS anchorman Dan Rather. Rather devoted four hours of Easter Sunday to spin-control for the government in the wake of the Elian Gonzalez raid.
The White House hosted a thousand of Hillary’s and Dees-Thomases’ organizers, and Dees-Thomases stood on the White House grounds and denied any connection with the White House. She calls herself just a humble “mom.” This type of bald-faced lying is her profession. Such people have total contempt for our intelligence! (Have we earned it?)
From the White House, Hillary declared that organizers should “get the names, addresses, phone numbers and e-mail addresses of every participant” for future mobilization. One wonders whether the list will include the schoolchildren pressed by the public schools to participate in order to get credit for “community sendee" (see below).
Hillary was so careful to limit her comments on the air to just what’s on the table in Congress, while her troops in the field were blatantly screaming for complete federal licens-
ing and registration of “guns." We're not talking about confiscation, they say as they parade three “Dunblane Moms" boasting of how their “massacre" led to confiscation, and another “massacre" disarmed all law-abiding Australians — criminating the resisters. This is how it’s supposed to work.
“Feminine logic" assumes that us stupid bimbos can’t tell one big number from another, so the same weekend saw March speakers claiming that either 200,000, 400,000,500,000, or 700,000“people” (often they don't bother to say “criminals") have been “prevented by the Brady law from arms
hand attitude toward large numbers applies to attendance figures.
They dropped another figure — the FBI already lists some 36 million people to be denied firearms, and they are not necessarily “criminals” in the usual sense of the word. Note that when the “instant check” system collapsed over a gun-show weekend, everbody was denied the right to buy a gun. Legally, that is.
Congressman Bob Barr (R-GA) spoke well in defense of our rights on Meet the Press. He noted that Congress had riven the FBI the staggering sum of1600 million and five years in which to develop that system.
Delaying and delaying approval is frankly intended to put gun shows out ofbusiness, because the gun-grabbers want not just a leisurely three days, but weekends plus three days to decide whether you are allowed to buy a gun.
Taking off on the government’s “controlled bum” in New Mexico which nearly incinerated Los Alamos, Wayne LaPierre of the National Rifle Association described the March and associated politicking as “a controlled burn of the Second Amendment.”
Always “the Chil-dwen”!
Hillary and her allies hide their schemes behind “concern for the chil-dwea" Oh, dear, so many chil-dwen killed “by
purchasing fire-, The same off-
Vol. VI, No. 1
29
The RESISTER
guns* (apparently noting nlone) every ity! Mifit 500' Actual children per '’ear till victim to somebody s misuse of one of the 200 million plus firearms out there. This rate is low and tilling. Extend the definition to the prime ging-banger years, and then aoubk that figure by including people 18 and 19 years old who are classed as adults, and you can boost the figures to something visible.
Accordingly, Hillary’s allies among the Democratic big-city mayors produced a Vietnam-style black ‘wall’ listing "gun deaths. As TV pans knefly and rapidly across the names, it is difficult but not impossible to notice the Antwons and Lakeeshas, or even just a "male 16” anonymous hoodlum. Look for this artifact to go on tour.
Washingtons city government urged blades to attend the march and demand "licensing and registration of guns "The District of Columbia already "tough pm laws" essentially banning everything. The shooting during African-American Family DaV at the Washington Zoo featured “Mr Antoine B. Jones,” someone the Wellington Times was careful not to diar, he * the 16-year-old son of the jaded ‘main drug enforcer" for one of the Capital’s leading drug kingpins. Young Matter Jones brandished an illegal Cm D.C.) 9mm handgun for some time without engaging the inure* of law-enforcement. He then proceeded to drill seven other children without actually killing any of them. (Since daddy’s people are well able to procure adequate armament, this apprentice "enforcer” needs to work on his aim.) Master Jones’ "■taf might have been among the
fparticipants feted on the white! House lawn.
The fhmtmista political machine hod no difficulty in finding tearful "momssuch as a California mother whoso son, visiting Now York, was robbed and then lulled by "three 15-yMO-oUs." Naturally, they were not further described, but feeders of this Journal could venture a safe bet as to their ethnic identity.
£{, was reported, but remains un* confirmed, dial fhe"moflf of ths black t year-old who clinched out the
to hide the gun and assert that somebody else had nulled the trigger.)
We were told that some moms” had had “two or even three children” killed by "guns.” It takes a fairly deep involvement in illegality to rack up that sort of casualty rate.
That Mandatory Voluntary Community Service
M
aryland schoolchildren were advised of the opportunity to get credits for “community service” by taking part in the “Million Mom March." Governor Parris Glendening and lieutenant governor Kathleen Kennedy Townsend [yes, one of those KennedysJ are allies of the Clintons and avid gun-controllers, and Ms Townsend restored slavery in Maryland by requiring 75 hours of “voluntary* community service as the price of a high school diploma.
How did I know this would happen? In January of __^—^— 1995, commenting on this very requirement,
I wrote that “the next step is to determine what will count as
crack flbmittheA,pe^^ Plantation being turned into a CV munist re-education camp - J**
it is. As little Elian Gonzdezseethe
red Young Pioneer scarfyoked around his neck once more, he will be reintroduced to his role as a “citizerf under the aging megalomaniac in
control ofhis life, it’s part of the democratic process,” says a Maryland school official. Fidel says it in Spanish.
THE GUN GRAB MARCHES ON
Clinton & Wesson
T
The teachers, the PTA, the school administrators. the
his is how Gun Owners of America now describes the
____ venerable, once-honored, and
no-longer-American gun manufacturer, Smith 6c Wesson.
The company succumbed without _ any visible struggle to the bribery and extortion schemes of the Clinton administration and agreed to
help the clintonistas in
‘service.’ We can rely “learnin^servic^spe^thei^ea^esseffort
upon politicaUy-cor- dalists” were all happy to override owWjl rect groups and ac-	,	,	rrirr/	ond Amendment
tivities qualifying, tO liana even fifth- rights ---------------
while non-PC graders leaflets about I ^up^a^^rtivvties how they could gamer
tiondService” in my poUticd-correctness
book, Why Do We points by trekking
Americans Submit to downtown to partici- manufacturers, asl louf)	•	t	a	**.	.	*	well as dealers and
The teachers, the P®S Ift-Jpk political citizens, reacted with | PTA, the school ad-	rally.	horror. While every-
___	one in the business is
■under threat, the
The “agreement between S&W and the administration was so outrageous that other firearms
if • white 6-year
tugai
would also
attend. This
HL^- ,...........	,
budding punk already knew i$*p
ministrators, the “learning service specialists” were all happy to hand even fifth-graders leaflets about how they could garner political-correctness points by trekking downtown to participate in this political rally. School officials claim they had no idea anyone would take exception to this. After all, "if you spend some time Mrving the community, you better understand your role as a citizen. That’s the ultimate goal," quoth Joan I Carol, principal otNorth Bethesda i Middle School.
Some talking head did make a
spectacle of a major manufacturer knuckling under to Clinton threats and bribery caused immediate revulsion. The administration offered immunity from its frankly extortionate program of baseless but costly lawsuits, combined with a thinly-veiled offer to equip its own armed agents of the state with SficW products, if the company would assist in a program, never legislatively authorised, of oppressing other manufacturers, all American gun dealers, and even iu dividual buyers.
30
Vol. VI. No. 1
A boycott of Smith fit Wesson products would be an absolutely justified reaction.
In pursuit of the obvious ultimate goal — disarming all but agents of me state — the Clinton administration and its trial-lawyer allies have been exceptionally creative in "wiring around" the Constitution, Congress, and indeed, any legal I restrictions.
That ‘Juvenile Justice” Bill
The latest round of “gun-control" measures is imbedded in a so-called Juvenile Justice bill. Weenie Republicans keep trying to "compromise" with Democrats on a piecemeal surrender, while those who want American citizens eventually disarmed press ahead for every advantage.
Look into the face of the enemy — New York Senator Charlie Schumer — and listen to his words. "I want [the new] gun-control bill, and I want the Lautenberg Amendment to be part of it. Senator Lautenberg is another Jew determined to disarm the rest of us.
As for keeping records of who applies to buy a gun, Schumer says, "we keep records on every other sphere oflife,” so why not this, too? National gun registration? Surely not, would 1 ue to you?
Why not? Some fool out there might even believe you.
From "Cradle ofLiberty” to "Peoples’ Republic”
Massachusetts legislators felt sufficiently "threatened" by the muskets used at Lexington and Concord in April of 1775 to damp trigger locks on them! Several musketsheld a once-proud place on the wall of the state senate for two centuries before they were seen in a different light. It’s doubtless fright' ening to liberals to realize that there were once "Minuteroen,” citizen militiamen ready to defend themselves against agents of the state at a moment's notice. What a terrible example to young people!
Massachusetts is also trying to lead the pack by "regulating guns as con-
sumer products," which will certainly be found to be “unsafe.” Gosh, we thought everybody knew that guns had one end you want to stay away from.
Smart Guns vs Dumb Guns
Our esteemed editorial tyrant, SFC Barry, opts for “dumb guns" because they don’t argue with you, they just do as they’re told.
Maryland’s not-so-esteemed gover- ———■
P
arris
who couldn’t hire kids to care for the animals over a weekend because they could get so much more for rioting in Easton. It was said at the time that some of the funds came from the Kennedy family. Nowadays, Rap would be Hillary’s kind of guy.
Just when brudder Rap became a "Muslim cleric" named "Jamil Abdullah al-Amin" is unclear. Also unclear is what he has been doing for a living.
Raps base was Lowdnes County, Alabama, a county he had “liberated” into black rule. Al-■ ■ though the black populace is dirt-poor,
Glendening, would It S doubtless frighten- the local cabal of like to burden us all ing tO liberals to realize “Muslims” drive
with “smart guns ' — ideally so smart that they don’t work at all. And he showed us what he meant.
Our governor has now forced upon
that there were once “Minutemen,” citizen militiamen ready to defend themselves against agents of the
Marylanders trigger state at a moment’s no- Explorer. He was locks on new guns tice. What a terrible armed> but ^shcd
example to young people!
around in expensive vehicles and make pilgrimages to Saudi Arabia. Rap was stopped in Georgia in May of 1999 for driving a stolen Ford
sold. But his live-on-l TV demonstration of what a swell idea
this is deteriorated L__
into a struggle with a weapon which remained stubbornly inoperable! Well, it was supposed to be a child safety measure! The trigger lock worked fine!
As a next step, die even smarter gun. Send in for your magic decoder ring, as kiddies eating breakfast foods were once advised. The governor would like to see firearms so sophisticated that if you aren’t wearing your magic decoder ring, you can’t fire it. A look-alike water pistol would be slightly more effective and ever so much cheaper.
Good Ole Rap Brown!
T>er
emember when "tough new federal gun-control measures" rere going to keep firearms out of the hands of violent felons? That was always BS.
Marylander* remember Panther leader H. Rap Brown from his heyday in the 1960s, when he had a lot of money with which to pay his rent-a mobs. I recall a University of Maryland professor of animal husbandry
some phony police ID provided by his buddies in the | Lowdnes County government.
Georgia authorities were questioning its legitimacy, since Rap had an armed robbery conviction. He had been arrested earlier during our gungrabbing Clinton administration for packing heat illegally, but the feds saw no reason to charge him.
In a subsequent attempt to arrest him, Rap apparently shot two black sheriff*s deputies, one of whom died. He was run to ground in Alabama, and since his capture, Rap is looking to make a lot of money by suing the jail for making him wear jail clothes instead of "traditional Muslim garb.”
Thugs on die Loose
A
year ago, young Benji Taylor, a New York black, tried a couple of armed robberies of fast-food outlets. (Guns are outlawed in New York City, but never mind.) He was caught, and his lawyer was "negotiating over a 12-year sentence. During these important and delicate negotiations, Benji was out on $3,500 bail — rather low for armed robbery
Vol. VI, No. 1
31
Having nothing better to do, he acquired a 31-year-old associate and decided to do it right this time — leave no witnesses, oo this time, he and his buddy killed five Wendy's employees. Oh, yes, "with a handgun.” Dio they let him keep the one he used before, or did he have to acquire a new one — illegally, of course?
The answer is obvious. Sue the gun
manufacturers!
PERVERSION MARCHES ON
Recruitment
Take the "Millenium March” in Washington. Thankfully far less than a miHkm queers showed up, but it was nonetheless a great opportunity for meeting new specialists in your particular sexual preference.” iouths,” otherwise known as fresh meat, were solicited to come and, um, hook up with older mentors. (That means the guys with face-lifts and a look of desperation.) The queers call it "passing the torch." Yet they keep telling us they don't recruit.
It is not known whether there were contingents for each specific kink, to ease the burden of shopping. (What, exactlyt is your act?)
Queeidom for Credit
At the University of Michigan, English professor David Hajperin is offering a 3-credit course on now to Be Gay: Male Homosexuality and Initiation.”That is, how to become an "initiated," full-fledged and successful male homosexual.
You see, it's "subtle, complex, and difficult to theorize about the formation of a gay identity," so this is a "small but significant body of work” just now beginningto be explored in "Qtieer Studie*."jhere is, for instance, the whole field of "muscle culture "Very important.
The professor is of course s faggot. He tells the public, "If I had the power to turn heteoecxuals into homosexuals, I wouldn’t be wasting my time teaching at a university. I'd en
gage in world domination.
The University tells the public that it supports the professor and his freedom to teach the class as he sees fit.
Boulder Protects "Transsexuals”
vorite diseases by Ticking doorknobs and coffee cups and handing Bauer a slobbered-on pen.”
Now he claims this confession was just a joke. Can we believe him?Nah. He 8 just trying to duck a lawsuit.
Y
Progress at Wesleyan University
S
ou always wondered what those were. Well, if you're going to order regular people to hire them, rent to them, ana serve them, you’re going to have to define them as well. Boulder, Colorado’s festering Liberalville, has done both.
A transsexual is “a	“Youths,” otherwise
gender-variant... hav-	as	fresh	meat,
mg a persistent sense	,	m there.;
that one', gender wcre solicited to come
To see what this
identity is incongru- and, um, hook up with attracts, harken to ent with the {arson's older mentors.... The Jacob Goldsmith,
biological sex.	11	a
what are employ- queers call it passing
the torch.” Yet they keep telling us they
ex-integrated dorms are "old hat” at the really advanced colleges. So how can they be jazzed up? Wesleyan offers a “clothing optional”
mixed-sex dorm. (And you have to wonder how many “sexes” are mixed up in there.)
ers to do with crossdressing employees?
The Boulder law says that "an employee | cannot change gender M "■ ■ identity in the workplace no more than three times in any 18-month period.” (Maybe after a short break, they can switch hit for another 18-month period?)
Fully "transitioned transsexuals” must have unrestricted access to the bathrooms “of their new sex,” while a "reasonable accommodation requirement is imposed for transitioning transsexuals.” I suppose it would depend upon what they “feel” they are today. It could be tough for an employer to keep up with this.
How large is this problem? Boulder is said to have ten residents who have had “sex change operations,” but the City Council did the bidding of a dozen or so people trotted in to “identify themselves as transsexuals who had suffered discrimination.”
TruetMe, It Was a Joke!
Dan Savage, “the homosexual writer of an explicit sex-advice column, now says it was all a tall tale." He had told readers of the liberal on-line Salon magazine that he had infiltrated Gary Bauer’s campaign and tried to spread his fa-
don’t recruit.
who announced, “I just sometimes feel the need to take off my pants. I have body piercings to show off. There’s an exhi-———bitionist part of me.” He finds it cool that he can display his wares, with the approval of the university administration, whenever he is overpowered by the urge to do
so.
T;
Cutting Edge!
Ihe San Francisco Art Institute “searches for new and radical forms of art,” it says here. Where to begin?
Well, the mother of one of the participants in the Institutes recent work of art is a judge. While she might usefully inquire into when her son first went off the rails, it is more likely that she will find some legal flaw in the “consent” document he is said to have signed.
In front of “two professors, a security guard, and a mixed class of twenty 'art students,”’ her son consented to be tied up naked and subjected to what I gather are fairly common homosexual procedures which left him fe-ces-smeared and a bit the worse for wear.
Now — now — the unnamed bottom half of this work of art is yelling Rape! The top half of the act, “24-
Vol. VI. No. 1
year-old Jonathan Yegge," whines that nobody—nobody—objected to this performance at tne time.
Yegge says he planned this work of*art for months, talked it over with his Institute mentor, "art professor” Tony Labat, who approved it, and now, geez, it looks like people are changing the rules on me.
“Professor" Labat is still apparently home free, although the Institutes Dean of “Academic Affairs,” Larry Thomas, in a belated effort to cover his own rear end, huffed that “it is a serious violation... to expose yourself or others to bodily fluids or excretions including, but not limited to feces, urine, semen, saliva, and blood.” He failed to specify vomit, which is apparently not a problem among that hardy band of “artists.”
This is not censorship! This is “a health and safety issue.” One hesitates to raise the issue of “taste,” lest it be misinteipreted.
The Institute is headed by one Ella King Torrey, who labors to “protect and extend freedom of artistic expression and fight censorship.”
Valentine's Day, No! Vagina Day, Si!
It is difficult to stun our editorial tyrant into silence, but this one did it. Columnist John Leo, who has his finger on some pulses inaccessible to normal folk, has discovered a new feminist agitprop agenda — to convert Valentine’s Day to another man-hating, female-solidarity orgy. The fanatics cry, “this is a fierce, wud, unstoppable movement!”
With but trifling effort, the fierce wild, unstoppable movement was brought to 154 American campuses hard up for shock-schlock. In "The Vagina Monologues,” vaginas are talking dirty to all of you out there. Listen,watch,and learn! Here’s anon-stage simulation of initiating a child into lesbianism, “so she’ll never need a man.”
And if the conversion is successful, the up side is that none of them may ever reproduce.
Alas, some do want artificial insemination. Imagine choosing as a donor that sad-sack relic, David Crosby, as some lesbian did! Others seek to adopt children produced by
the older method.
But why? We do know that they want the “two mommies” and “two daddies” notion to flow into the “mainstream” of cultural pollution, and they love to insert ever more “rights” into a perverted legal system.
I believe that the relentless promotion of kinky sex is an intentional aspect of the larger p o pulatio n- control
lessly bad public schools of the Die trict of Columbia.
Dubya Reaches Out
G
eorge “Dubya” Bush could beat A1 Gore in a walk if he really represented the American majority. But he felt obliged to creep to the homosexual lobby. Candi-
dnve. I have never a new feminist dTlt- date Bush actually forgotten item TOUT „	,	0	rWlarrrl himself *a
on a Rockefeller- ^ agenda - to Con- ^™^for'L-
sponsored list of rec- vert Valentine S Day to ing done 80. ommendations for another man-hating, The queers “raised crimping the Amen- fema1c_gon(lar:tv orey, bis consciousness” can population ■—	80	enough to claim that
“Encourage increased 1 he tanatlCS Cry, this Bush was “very inter-
homosexuality.
Just that simple.
Political
Pornography
The Whitney Museum of I American Art held its big J exhibition in New York City. As usual, the “art” is political pornography No Deformed Virgin Mary with Elephant Dung Boob in this one, though. The featured work was simply a boring rant — garbage cans emitting the voices of “Nazis” like Mayor Giuliani, Senator Helms, and Pat Robertson. (Some sources say Pat Buchanan was also trashed.) Is any of this a surprise? It’s impossible to imagine this actually stirring the juices of Sodom-on-Hudson’s connoisseurs of “art.”
What was the Whitney’s previous artistic coup? Oh, yes, Crawling Female Trailing Remarkably Long Stream of Feces. And the stuff wasn’t even real! Any sophisticated art-lover would find that a yawn.
One of the Whitney heirs —just one — withdrew financial support from a museum whose administrators call this “art.” She was ridiculed in the media, and the National Endowment for the Arts sent year money to fill the gap.
Through the NEA, tax money was also fimneled this year to “explicit acts by feminist and homosexual performers,” writers scribbling about the Holocaust9, and to jazz instructors for the already heavily-funded but hope-
very
is a fierce, wild, un- ested in the idea of
Stoppable movement!” having a homosexual rr	speaker at the Ke-
publican National
Convention.”
It need hardly be said that wealthy queers have been assiduously courted by the Democrats as well. (Queers can save lots of money by not raising children, but merely renting them cheap in Third World countries.)
All but a small portion of the homosexual vote is in A1 Gore’s pocket. He kisses AIDS patients. Dubya hasn’t matched that one. Yet.
Your Parents Condemned You To Death!
Yi
|es! Ever since you were bom, you have been condemned to death. Ever thought about that? If you had never been bom, you wouldn’t have to worry about dying. Do you realize that life is a communicable, sexually-transmitted fatal disease?
Would you believe that such a message can be brought to college campuses around the country and the perpetrators are not laughed offstage? College students are accustomed to being assaulted by nonsense that they are expected to absorb without resistance. It’s only common sense that they are taught to scorn.
A not-so-distantly related item has also come to my attention. Guys! Did anybody ever make fun of your masculine equipment? Do we have a website for you? (Probably.) The ster-
33
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
i
ling members of the plaintiffs’ bar, who make a living by suing anybody who has anything, want to conjure into existence a class-action suit against doctors who perform circum-citiont.
"If someone taunts you in the locker room... write down what they said and how you felt about it." There must be thousands, millions, tens of\ millions of potential whining victims!
A Clumsy Cutting Edge
Of course, some surgeons who Ido circumcisions deserve to be sued — along with the child psychologists following up on their work.
Enthusiasts have been keen to prove that “gender" is a mere “social construct." They suffered a humiliating setback when their “poster child” asserted his intrinsic nature.
An infant once fell into the dutches of a surgeon who made a maj or botch of his circumcision. The ‘experts” decided, what the hell, cut it off and teU him he's a girL But all the social conditioning tailed to “take.” The poor kid reached puberty and found he had the will but not the ability.
It says here that the situation was repaired by some miracle of modem medicine and he is a husband and fa-ther* (We keep asking, “but how...?”)
The Glass House
Save your country, and the social ists revile you, as General I Aurusto Pinochet discoverd. Meanwhile, the country he saved has slacked off, allowing the culture-de-sttpyets to do their thine again.
“The Transparent House, two blocks from the presidential palace, was designed by artists to draw attention to what they say is lingering repression and hypocrisy in Chile ten years after the end [of Pinochet's rule]."
The “art” consists of s presumably toothsome 21 year-old female performing in the bathroom before a picture window. Lots of men enjoy the show, but other people disapprove.
“I think the reaction shows us that freedom of expression does not yet exist," intoned one of die "a/tistt. it's
ft
ongoing censorship... not demo-cratic.
The Journalist reporting on this weeps for a nation “still recovering from [Pinochet’s] brutal rule,” when he merely did what was necessary to prevent yet another Communist dictatorship. In Pinochet’s day, there was no Arts and Culture Development Fund which also made possible “an eight-ton concrete penis” tor one town, and a statue of national hero Simon Bolivar “with breasts, and giving the finger.*'
Ricardo Lagos, “a dissident in the Pinochet era,” started the fund. Many columns of newsprint were devoted, by the
Washington Post, to This is the New Age moans about censor- COO OT Consider-
ship, repression, die- •	r r-v.*	a
tatorship and mch, ^on °™ers Am* versus “freedom of ex-	A fresh military vic-
pression” in the most tim... noted that “this offensive form pos-	 i	n
sible	v	program	smacks	or
But the culture- brainwashing and in-
destroyers say “we	doctrinarian.”
still have a long way t° jg>.”
Think what these “artists” could do with the Washington Monument.
By and large, they didn’t get what they wanted. More Outcome Based Education is necessary. That means more propaganda, more bribes, keep voting until you “get it right,” after which that subject is closed and we ratchet up the next set of demands.
Zero Tolerance?
Catfight at the UN
Wi
estem socialist women ex pected to dominate a UN (conference dubbed “Beijing + 5.”
They expected to roll right over anything “traditional.” They wanted no words in praise of the family, or even motherhood!
They sought a wish-list of UN pronouncements even exceeding the worst propaganda we see here at home. Women (and “the girl-child," because if you’re big enough, you’re old enough), should be instructed and protected by the government in manifesting their “sexuality,” and be able to become prostitutes (i.e., “sex workers") if they to choose. (Ah, but what to do about those nasty male pimps?)
The UN was supposed to proclaim that men must snare equally in the housework. (1 said it was a wish-list.) “Western" socialist women were also going to cram down the throats of other nations their wish-list about homosexuality.
eaders may recall our item (Volume V Number 4, page |5) about the daughter who snitched off her liberal parents because they had a pot farm in their house. Daddy was a senior policy advisor in the Clinton administration Department of Energy, and mommy was just another liberal lawyer.
They were supposedly looking at seventeen years in
Club Fed — that would have been if “zero tolerance” had any real meaning. The couple were tending “69 marijuana plants” in the house, along with “everything needed to carry on the rest of the business.”
So we read a tiny squib in the Washington Times (June 24, 2000) explaining that mommy needed 69 pot plants to cure her headaches, so although they were convicted, they got “probation before judgment,” Their conviction is therefore expunged from the record. The liberals go scot-free.
COO-o-o!
ust like grade school! “Each unit member must paste a picture of himself or herself on a piece of hper and then write around the picture the five or six words that best describe that person.” Also “list groups to which you belong or to which you relate.” Unit members must then “describe aloud” their own “characteristics, values, and interests, and be prepared to answer questions about them”
This is the New Age COO or Consideration of Others Army. A fresh military victim could not believe the invasion of privacy, the undis-
34
Vol. VI. No. 1
The RESISTER
guised group pressures, and noted that "this program smacks of brainwashing and indoctrination.”
i have in hand a 1972 book entitled Values Clarification t put together by a band of just-happen-to-be-Jew-ish people-manipulators and generously used in the public school systems from then on. “Young people,” you see needed help from the school brain washers in dealing with such knotty early 1970s questions as: “Do we have to take to the streets, maybe even violently, to bring about any political change? How do I know whether drugs are really harmful? Is religion more than a series of outmoded traditions and customs? What can I do to improve race relations? What is my stand on masturbation?”
_ m
And for grownups, questions include “Who would you tell about your premarital or extramarital experiences, your innermost desires, your use of illegal drugs, you have had an abortion, your doubts about religion, your racist tendencies, what you cry about, your method of birth control, your discontent with some part of your body?” Can you see the deliberate effort to strip away privacy and dignity? Step One in brainwashing.
Values Clarification included those “lifeboat ethics” exercises. “Now, chil-dwen, suppose there are ten people and four of them must be put overboard to drown. Who would you choose? The rabbi? Certainly not. That would be anti-Semitic. The “black militant”? But he is also a second-year med student, unlikely as that migfrl be in real life. How about the “policeman with a gun” who is provided with no saving virtues?. (To point out that the policeman with gun would deride was not the approved answer.)
More to the point, “have the class work for a political candidate... write letters to Congressmen... hand out birth control pamphlets....” Nearly thirty years later, they give “community service credit for filling the ranks at leftist demonstrations like that Million Mom March. No wonder they can’t think their way out of a paper bag.
They dorft want real people.They want soft day!
Ah, That Jumped-Up N-
Woidl
Bl ryant Gumbel is someone I I normally avoid. But one morning, during the first half of my daily brainwash, I was intrigued to see that a spokesman for the Family Research Council was allowed to speak. Well, sort of. It was the morning after the Supreme Court had decided, by a thin margin, that perhaps the Boy Scouts of America did not have to let the queers have their way with the boys.
Spokesman Robert Knight was making a very good presentation in defense of that position. This totally infuriated Gumbel. He repeatedly chopped the man off, once with a hysterical “Wai-wai-wai-wai-wait!” He made faces while Knight spoke.
And then Gumbel was caught by the Open Mike Gremlin.
Gumbel muttered, “What a fucking idiot!”This is Gumbels opinion of anyone who disagrees with him, so no need to be surprised. Nor to be surprised that Gumbel will not be forced to apologize, pay a fine, or be hauled on for brainwashing like John Rocker.
BLACK
CULTURE
Getting Into College the Easy Way
Well, if you’re not supposed to give extra credit for be ing black, and blacks can’t pass the entrance exams, what to do? Change the exams, naturally. At least a dozen colleges, it seems, use Lego blocks instead.
Oh, it’s not quite that simple. You see, you form “groups” and have them copy a Lego construct which each member of the group has had a chance to examine for ten minutes. Then you let eight or ten of these students “who might otherwise not win admission” have a go at copying the construct.
This tests “initiative, teamwork, and leadership,” and you can give extra credit for that! “Other workshop
activities include public speaking and conflict-resolution drills. Who cares if they can read, write, and do sums?
D.C. Starts'em Young
In Our Nation’s Capital, which is so largely inhabited by Our Nations Favorite Underclass, the Pretrial Services Agency handling arrested juveniles found that most of the lO-to-16-year-olds “tested positive for drugs.” Pot, coke, and PCP are favorite flavors.
Columnist Colbert King notes that the corruption begins at “age 5 or 6,” when kids enter the drug culture as lookouts, graduating to tipsters and hustlers, and discovering above all that drug-peddling pays much better than useful employment.
We Smelled This One Coming
Several issues back — and read ers know how long ago that was! — we noted that the Clinton administration had handed off the usual wad of tax dollars to set up yet another race-hustling scam. This one was a reward for John Hope Franklin, head of the presidential commission on blaming whitey for everything.
Remember the note about a riot in Tulsa in 1921?Those mean honldes bombing and strafing, and the “mass graves” are still so well-concealed that they can’t be found. Heavy breathing on all television networks, pages ana pages in the New York Times.
Recommendations? "The [handpicked] 11-member panel called for direct payments to survivors and victims’ descendants, scholarships, a tax checkoff, and a memorial to the dead.” There could be bit of a problem about the memorial. At the very end of the New York Times propaganda extravaganza, a black was quoted as saying the blacks killed more whites....
Ah, but reparations, apologies, and non-stop groveling is to be demanded of current whites inTUlsa, and probably you wherever you live. You can assume that the Jews are giving lessons from their own extensive experience in extortion.
35
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
mil'll Daddy?
Half the kid* "bom in the USA" in 1998 were bom to "unwed mothers " Not to very long ago — only a few decadet ago — whites made it a point to be married before having children, so as to provide for the children. The illegitimacy rate was almost microscopic.
At die same time, before “de welfare f om de gummint” made daddies unnecessary, the great majority of black babies were bom to married I women. Now, hardly any are. At the same time, the white illegitimacy rate has surged past the former black rate.
This » me result of the great work of cultural destruction called the Niggerfication of America. And its a program that was sold to us by whites. It used blacks, but it was planned and put into operation by a certain brand of whites. For example, it uses black rap “artists’* to express the message, but the production, promotion, distribution, and sale of the message is almost entirely in the hands of Jews.
Parenting as an Investment
The experts who have not signed onto the program of cultural destruction distinguish between high-investment and km-investment parenting “strategies.” High-investment parenting means that the culture or civilization is based upon the realization that having high-quality children and providing them with a very good chance of reaching adukhood and being capable of maintaining a civilization is important.
Who were the folks pushing the “white nigger” philosophy in the Sixties? ‘Turn on (to drugs), tune in (to the propaganda line), drop out (of any sensihle or productive activity.)" Who were the folks telling the younger generation to scorn their parents and their civilization and become bums, whores, and criminals? The largely Jewish radicals and media propagandists. It is to their advantage to have us ^iiiw^ ourselves down, so that we can be managed as easily as the blacks.
Low-investment parenting is what we see in “the inner cities"
Africa displays a degree of low-investment parenting — but even therty any halfway smart tribal elder could see that hit-and-run couplings and hand-to-mouth scrabbling for survival thereafter was an unrefiable basis for tribal survival. So there was marriage, there were . family units, it wasn’t random mob of
a
adults occasionally tossing scraps to just anybody’s kids.
Who were the folks telling the younger generation to scorn
Even slavery, their parents and their
which is blamed for every black failing, allowed nearly all blacks to live in families.
Now we see Hillary’s “village” raising “the children.” The socialist _____ drive to collectivize everything, including children, merges with the irresponsible urge to have sex and walk away from the consequences. This “method” leaves us with lots of hoodlums and ragamuffins, lots of “fatherless,” lots ofhome-less, and let’s not forget the dumpster babies and the customers patronizing the Planned Parenthood abortuaries and their baby-parts chop-shops.
The low-investment parents thus see their tribe increase, while the high-investment parents have to run fast to stay in place, and see their kids lose out, because the government forces them to support the low-investment parents ana their kids.
Look around you, whitey. You’re losing your country, your kids, your race, and the future of all of the above. Figure this out before you are disarmed, outnumbered, and more firmly ruled than now by those who laugn at you.
Having Your Quotas, and Eating Them, Too
proving otherwise.
College admissions by quota are frankly, wearing thin. Coveted places' at top colleges go to less qualified blacks, Hispanic*, or Pacific Islanders, while qualified Jews and Asians take care of themselves. It’s the un-______ organized and de-
moralized
non-Jewish whites who are squeezed out. (Stupid! How can we not say it?)
So — the system needs “new clothes.” Instead of quotas, let’s just say that “the top 20 percent of every
P
loftticianf, who are mere marionettes allowed to do their prancing on stage, know that they can never mention, much less confront, the facts of differences in intelligence. They will keep pretending that, as a group, blacks are just as smart as everyone else. Decade after decade, the liberals' own data keep
civilization and become bums, whores, and criminals? The largely Jewish radicals and media propagan- to state colleges.”
dists.	Governor	Jeb
Bush of Florida has been trashed as “racist and biased and full of hate” for this scheme. But that’s all theater, because the “reformed” system, columnist John Leo points out, “was engineered to ensure no net loss of minoriy enrollments in the state system, and might in fact lead to a net increase. (Brother George Bush’s Texas seems to be going with the 10 percent “solution" containing the same hidden agenda.)
Leo adds that a “perverse effect” is that “bad schools have no incentive to improve, since a huge percentage of their students will get into decent colleges no matter how poorly they are taught.” (Leo cannot bring himself to say “no matter how dumb they are.”) “Parents are also encouraged to shop for bad schools, where their academically average children will have a better shot at college.”
The destruction of standards to satisfy political clamor from the Stupid Looby virtually mined the City University of New York. No great loss,
I say, because CUNY in its heyday produced half the Jewish Communists in America. I had a year’s immersion in that cesspool, and could only take pleasure in the spectacle of high-ranking, well-paid Jewish professors finding themselves in roach-ridden offices, faced with moronic students, and having to lock down everything because the institution resembled a poorly-run penitentiary
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
Saving De Ax-man!
Add to the list of "failed states” Sierra Leone, once the British version of Liberia, where slaves rescued by the Royal Navy were sent.
The team of Madeleine Albright and Jesse Jackson saved from execution Foday Sankoh, and had him installed as vice president of one of their ramshackle sham governments of Sierra Leone. Jackson is even on record comparing Sankoh to the "sainted” Nelson Mandela. Be grateful. They used to compare these monsters to George Washington.
It’s not as if Albright and Jackson were unaware of Sankoh’s strange vices. He presides over gangs of stoned children who “rule” by cutting off hands or arms ("long sleeves or short sleeves, ha-ha”) and indulging in whatever other atrocities they may fancy today.
Readers may recall my comment IResister V:4) about Sankoh’s (and thus the State Department’s) “minister of foreign affairs” Paolo Bangura, who advised amputees to put their negative feelings behind them and move on. Those still possessed of hands were posed together in a group picture of the “new government” before die old ways were resumed.
Liberal columnist Geoxgie Anne Geyer, who spent most of her life as a foreign correspondent inveighing against American “support” of Latin American “right-wing’* rulers, is now dismayed to discover that they were benign compared to what runs wild in Africa, with the money and blessings of “our" Jewish-and-black State Department.
Are WcToo Stupid to Survive?
I have posed the question before. I repeat it while staring at thejuly 16 cover of the New York Timet Magazine. It shows an integrated pair of idle slobs, one white and one black, identically dressed with their pants falling down, both sneering at us'‘with attitude*We are told that the white kid's role model is the black kid, and isn't that heart-warming
Yes, face it, the Jew York Times is frankly telling us that this is the de-
sired outcome. But you’re not supposed to notice the source — that’s anti-Semitic.” Why are we not surprised that this flood of propaganda offers no examples of Jews doing this to themselves?
MISCELLANEA
Ban Everything!
Ban guns, of course, but that’s a huge separate topic. We’ll just play with a few items here. The ceaseless drive to destroy whatever is, ———————
and impose tHeir will
T:
Ban Heroes
he Richmond, Virginia City Council features a black with a phony Moslem name who really cant bear the sight of Confederate heroes. He led the “war" on Robert E. Lee, and was given occasion to smirk when a supporter burned up a portrait of Lee. It seems that some Southern states allow the celebration of a holiday for Confederate leaders. But it is the aim of blacks and their white liberal allies to suppress anything of that description. Worship of St. Martin Luther
on mankind and even They don t really give King is to be the only Mother Nature, is a a damn what whites such holiday. That is
want, since whites are theWoWention
t	t	.	j	in south CarolinaJ
obviously tOO Stupid juSt as in Virginia — and too cowed to de- and perhaps else-fend their own inter- Where/They wpnot
quit. They will have ests.	t0 be stopped.
characteristic of the dominant international Liberal Establishment.
Let’s start with France. Consider, as we do, okay, that the|
French Revolution is 1 ■■ ■	1
regarded reverently as an absolutely seminal event in world history by that very Establishment.
"It’s outrageous! It’s fascist! In this day and age, it’s not right!” quoth the French songwriter who wants to update “La Marseillaise” so that it’s not anti-foreign any more.
Yours truly is not a fan of the French or their Revolution, but “La Marseillaise” is a very good, vigorous, nationalistic marching song. That’s what they hold against it.
Replace it with what? Some soggy moan about “peace and love and celebrating diversity"?
Ban-etton
Hopefully, no reader of this journal is stupid enough to buy anything from the Italian fashion outfit, Benetton.Their ads are all destructive propaganda, all the time — fashionable sniveling over AIDS and “racism,” more recently sniveling over murderers on deatn row. Benneton even pays each of them a thousand dollars for their pictures! Needless to say, there is zero interest in their victims.
So I say, Ban Benetton!
Ban the Confederate Flag
All
lars,
_ :dly terrified by the loss of several million tourist dol-the South Carolina legislature surrendered to the NAACP and struck its colors! Keep in mind that the NAACP, according to the Jews, is financed by the Jews.
Following directions, the NAACP insists that the retreat be turned into a rout. A flag near the Confederate monument on “a pole not taller than twenty feet" is an insufficient surrender. The flag should be gone, under glass in a museum, if not six feet underground.
What we see here is another sandbagging by the Liberal Establishment — the banks, the big corporations, the big media. They don’t really give a damn what whites want, since whites are obviously too stupid and too cowed to defend their own interacts.
Already the NAACP and its backers insist that everyone in the South must worship Martin Luther King. Some states allow state employees the option of taking the MLK holiday or one dedicated to Civil War heroes. This is also unacceptable to our dic-
Vol. VI, No. 1
37
tutorial class.
Incidentally, when Kweiii Mfume, the former Baltimore thug now head of the NAACP, epoke before the South Carolina state house, he was protected by Nation of Islam bodyguards (And Kwutib son recently received a slap-on-the-wrist sentence for his persistent drug-peddling.)
There is a Confederate symbol on the Georgia state flag, which is looking like it is next in line. We’ll soon tee whether the noted race-hustler, Jesse Jackson, can foam up a “dem-
aratrattocf at the next Superbowl game in Atlanta.
Virginia is condemned for “Con-fedmte History Month,” and Florida, Louisim, and Tennessee are also “under pressure” from liberals and their fended blacks to bury their history and cease to honor their heroes and war
And guess Hillary Clintons views,
B she is photographed giving black demagogue A1 Sharpton of "Tawana Brsw&y fame the adoring look she used to reserve for Bill
Ban Fast Food and Snack Food!
We have taken note of this earlier, but it seems to be coming on faster than expected. Delerious over the successful pkmdenng of the tobacco industry, the rood Police are following the script —propaganda prep-fire, followed by the lawsuit assault. We owe these details to columnist Walter Williams.
The Journal of the American Medical Association, long since taken ower by the politically correct, moans ■tout an “epidemic" of obesity caused by “the availability of more food" 'horrors'], the growth of the fast-food industry the marketing of mack food, and the custom of socializing with food end drink" (Stop them all betas* they lull again!)
Ofe, yes, these's an American Obe-WyAssociarion demanding “Cat taxes" to pay tar its “anti obesity education programs "A Yale professor wants "a more	attitude	about	a	tout
food environment/
Our useless Surgeon General, David Satcher, found fat yet another "major public health problem" This is right after be declared twenty per
38
The RESISTER
rent of us mentally ill and in need of treatment by America’s starving horde of psychotherapists. Our Secretary of Agriculture agrees that food is a problem. Perhaps, in the tradition of Hillary-styie socialist planners the world over, ne could block our disgusting and dangerous “availability of food.”
Then there’s “Michael Jacobson, director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest,” who has a specific program to save us from Chinese and Mexicanfood.Theyputtoo much on the plates, you see.The food police are watching that. “The restaurant industry must bear some responsibility for its contribution to obesity, heart disease, and cancer.” The New York Times chimed in by anointing a new victim group. “It makes perfect sense for the victims of fast food to sue.” Somehow, it calls to mind our Victim-in-Chief, who scarfs down pizza served by thong-wearing sluts, or matches appetites with gargantuan Helmut Kohl, or sneaks illicit greaseburgers any time the Warden isn’t standing by to slap his hand away.
Is there more? Sure. Richard Cohen of the Anti-Dairy Coalition claims that “milk products are an enormous threat to the health of both children and adults,” and blah, blah, blah. You get the picture.
Gore in the Balance
As we have remarked in these pages in the past, contrary to outward appearances, Vice President A1 Gore leads a rich fantasy life, one which he persists in making us share with him. We are to believe that he wrote Earth in the Balance, the 1992 opus which was just reissued.
The book contains a lot of valid information — always blended with conclusions which are not merely unjustified, but hysterical. It was obviously put together for Gore by swarms of environmentalists with a very definite power-grabbing agenda, h is laced with the silly stun cribbed by that back-to-nature bomber, Theodore Kuczinski, for his Unabomber Manifesto.
One of the earliest laughs in Earth I is the Balance appears on page 26. Pic-
ture this: Methane, measured only in “parts per billion” in the atmosphere, is condemned as perilous. Any increase in methane is all “our” fault. (The liberal “our” and “we” means you, you guilty and unrepentant swine!) uWe are ripping matter from its place in the earth in such volume as to upset the balance between daylight and darkness!”
Oh, sinners, listen and believe! “We” cause methane to go way high up in the sky and produce nocticulent clouds. Actually, we can all go through life without ever seeing a particularly high-level cloud which remains visible shortly after dark. But “Gore” moans that there are now “more” nocticulent clouds, thereby upsetting “the balance between daylight and darkness.”
Thus, we are destroying the earth and will extinguish life — if we don’t take orders from people like A1 Gore’s ghostwriters, who fancy that they have the operating manual for Planet Earth. They will tell you that A1 Gore is brilliant.
However, he was a “student” who bombed in science, from prep school onward. As a Washington Times editorial noted, he also bombed in the only economics class he ever ventured to take. Then Gore dropped out of Harvard Law, having achieved some D minus grades. He also twice dropped out of Vanderbilt University Divinity School, leaving a trail of flunks. Some of this occurred at a time when, in order to keep brats of the Establishment out of the draft, “professors began handing out C’s for breathing.”
So Gore didn’t write the book, okay? He is merely fronting for the Big Green Machine.
Gore the Buddhist
We also hear presidential candidate A1 Gore lecturing us on the necessity for “campaign finance reform." Gore presents himself as a reformed sinner, a fervent convert who has “learned from my mistakes." The peachy solution to the hard labor of brow-beating contributors from the White House and hanging around Buddhist temples should be replaced by having '‘the government4 pay his cam
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
paign expenses.
Let's see, who would love this? Political incumbents like himself. The leftist-dominated mass media, with its virtual propaganda monopoly. And the labor unions, which would remain free to deploy their members as campaign foot-soldiers. Unionized workers are more and more government workers, teachers and civil servants who are free to dicker with politicians about how to divide the tax boodle among them.
And surelyyou believe that a successor to the Clinton-Gore administration could be trusted to see that rival candidates are treated even-handedly by some Federal Election Authority? We’ve already seen the deployment of the Internal Revenue Service against conservative organizations, the blocking of funds to subsidiary units of government controlled by rivals, the deployment of feds to ‘investigate’’ their operations. There is no end to the dirty-work already in play. Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-TX) recently tried to slip into federal law something which would prevent “unidentified contributors from filling the airwaves with hate and mailboxes with disinformation.’’
One thing the joined-at-the-head Republican and Democratic Parties can agree upon is that they don’t want any “third parties” around. The effort to throttle Pat Buchanan has resulted in the two-party “rule” that a candidate must be banned from the presidential debates unless the pollsters deride he has “enough” support.
Gore Deplores Vietnam “Mistake”
Candidate A1 Gore told kids who think of the Vietnam War as prehistoric that their government made a “mistake” there. It was an extraordinarily lengthy and costly error lasting well over a decade, and directed from start to finish by members of a private dub — the Council on Foreign Relations. Such members as long-time Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara have also railed their war a regrettable affair which they “knew” they couldn’t win. However, it wasn’t their kids whose lives were on the line.
“Some people could figure how to
get out of it and some people couldn’t,” quoth Gore, neglecting to cite as an example the First Draft-Dodger, his 1992 and 1996 running mate. Gore didn’t duck service because it looked bad for his Daddy the Senator’s re-election campaign. So he went to Vietnam for five ________
months as an Army journalist — with a special bodyguard assigned to him by a brigadier general.
Nevertheless, this
In Colombia, that country’s “most prominent human I rights group” is bla-
mFSSTt^ntly in bed with the rifle in hand, taking Communist Party.... his turn at guarding	B
the perimeter of a fire base in the boonies. A campaign brochure once showed him with a rifle.
(Another photo shows him peering curiously down its bore.) According to a buddy, however, he was in so secure an area that any guard duty was “the equivalent of being a school crossing guard.”
Baby Chop-Shops Revisited
President Bill Clinton vetoed, for the third time, a law against sucking the brains out of babies — “partial birth abortion.” Just why does our president find it important to protect this “medical procedure?”
Michigan's doddery old black communist, Rep. John Conyers (D-MI), doesn’t want Congress to “usurp the Supreme Court.” Another fan of par-tialbirth abortion, Rep. James Greenwood (R-PA), says, quite remarkably, that forbidding the practice “is not about saving lives.”
The militant feminists contend that any limitation on abortion is a threat to the entire industry. Ah, yes, the “harvesting of body parts” industry. In our previous issue, we brought to your attention the sale of baby parts, since Planned Parenthood abortuaries often have baby chop-shops operating in the back room.
Reme tuber theprices? A brain, 1999, but eyes, only 975 apiece. Just check “whole eyes’' on the order form. He who would have been “junior" also hasconads worth 9550.
Columnist Phyllis Schlafly revealed that “investigators turned up
page after page of orders from leading universities,pharmaceutical companies, and the National Institutes of Health.... Most orders come with specific instructions [such as] ’dissect lungs intact,’ [or] ‘to be removed from fetal cadaver within ten minutes.”’ This specification obviously implies that the fetus was alive. In the last issue we reported on the low-tech ways of killing them.
Ms Schlafly also notes that orders for “no anomalies” mean healthy, non-defective babies. Some orders say, “Ship on flesh wet ice next day,” some prefer dry ice. Illegal? You may have thought so, but when the “law against peddling baby parts is written by Ted Kennedy and Henry Waxman, it has comfortably large loopholes. They allow “reasonable payments associated with the transportation, processing, preservation, quality control, or storage of human fetal tissue.” You know now they always get you on “shipping and handling.
And hey, this is a volume trade! “Opening Lines” chop-shops boast of handling more than 1500“cases” a day.
Those “Human Rights Groups”
A
JL JLci
lways leftist, and eminently corruptible! In Colombia, that :ountry’s “most prominent human rights group” is blatantly in bed with the Communist Party, as well as with “the human rights unit of the [Colombian] attorney general’s office.” Between them, they bribe people to incriminate opponents of the leftist guerrillas, including buying false testimony against individuals. The “evidence is all duly sent along to like-minded NGOa, most of which are in on the game.
You have probably noticed that those who oppose leftist guerrillas, narcos, kidnap gangs and whatnot are either “brutar military men or “right-wing death squads.” You have never heard those pets of our liberals called “brutal,” or referred to as “left-wing death squads.”
Voi. VI, No. 1
39
The RESISTER
Episode Two: Living In The Surreal World
Once upon a time ago, 1 was a state officer of the Libertarian Party in the Soviet Socialist Republic ox Minnesota. On the night of April fifteenth of the year of Operation Desert Scam, I was standing near the west entrance of the Downtown Minneapolis post office, handing out the party1s “theft day" literature to my fellow tax paying victims of socialist compassion. I had a proper haircut and was wearing a made coat, a dress shirt, and tie to distinguish myself from the Grassroots Party in their generally unwashed and proletarian garb. This didnft always succeed, as there was one woman who believed that I was one of the commie potheads and exhibited a dear fear of same.
At about ten pjn., a dozen (my estimate, 1 didn’t get an exact count) female humanoids (they were shaped like females) in tight blade leotards came marching by wearing gas masks (not something a rational individual would want to wear in cold weather)
I like three foot wide — ys with price tags marked JXX),OOCrThey were hand ug out little red cards identif ying thssadsN as “Sluts for Feace/Art/ Huanaraty/Sanity and tbs Earth.” With a name like that, did they really expect to be taken seriously? One side o4 the card read:
Midnight approaches. Let's talk about death and loom. How much did ms Ssy? far whatt Wa tar rad
The other side of the card read as follows:
yellow b< ‘*6OjO0O
Stay where you are now silent, or
Let us assist you in asking
Universal Questions about life.
This is it, our only life on earth;
Speak to your heart.
Now if they really wanted an emotional conversation (Oh wow! Reason! What a concept!) the least they could have done was to leave a phone number where they could be reached. As it is, this was simply another instance of mindless feel-good posturing, (which I mentally tagged as a “New Age” voodoo ceremony or possibly an audition for a government arts grant) interfering with the propagation of political literature. I had to explain to someone that I was not one orthe Art Sluts before he would take one of our Libertarian theft day fliers.
Henceforth, I resolved to wear the woodland pattern camouflage jacket, lest I be mistaken for some kind of nutcase.
And speaking of nutcases:
To the heat of a single drum, pall-
hearers lifted a makeshift coffin carry-
ha[Mm:
*°PP€i
•tan area da tied with Styrofoam bead'
Capitol steps on Thursday. They stopped
ing a wolf pelt up the [Minnesota] MTbu dwi
stones hearing epitaphs such as *Wohf?
MRMi MiA
Victim of the Bounty Hunter.
Aslusy H. Grant, Associated Press
Another voodoo ceremony. Don't you love it when a bunch of neo-savages strike a pose? No. 1 certainly donl.
Man is not mtrsly s biological
entity, he is also a spiritual being Just as the bodv requires food to sustain it, the soul also requires sustenance. Spiritual sustenance, or self esteem, can be the result of the sense of achievement resulting from one's own productive effort. (By the way, I’m not being paid for doing this column.)
Neo-savages are generally parasites and are therefore incapable of obtaining the sense of achievement through their own work. Posturing and symbolic magic ceremonies become a substitute for productive effort, thus generating the “warm fuzzy* feeling, a fraudulent replacement for the sense of achievement.
This is an extremely bad plan fur the wolf and the state ... We're essentially declaring an open season on the wolf in two-thirds of the state.
Ginny Yingling, Minnesota state Director of the Sierra Chib.
S
o what’s the problem? The problem may be that environmentalists externalize their own self loathing into a hatred of Man in general. The most consistent (and I dare say extreme) environmentalist gang, EARTH FIRST!, is in their slogan, (“Back to the Pleistocene!*) practically calling for the extermination of Mankind.
I just love wolves.
Joan Johnson, Animal Rights Agitator
I don’t. A wolf is a feral canine that attacks livestock, pets, and on occasion a human being, such as someone’s child. Wolves are vermin, they are creatures which are destructive to human life and property, and to pretend otherwise is to indulge in an anti-human fantasy.
Wolves are vermin fit only for extermination, and so is any mob of nihilistic man-hating neo-savages who defends them.
But for some individuals, posturing and voodoo ceremonies are not sufficient means to obtain the desired delusion of virtue:
Let this action he a warning to tbs University of Minnesota and the entire biotech industry, that if you continue to destroy the biodiversity on the Earth your profits will continue tofiill... Stef
The RESISTER
genetic engineering, or we will.
Earth Liberation FVont
FREE THE SEED
Anonymous Vandal.
In this case, a band of neo-savages, with apparent inside assistance, broke into a University of Minnesota agricultural lab and destroyed hundreds of genetically modified oat plants.
Plants and livestock have improved through the process of selective breeding since the beginning of organized agriculture thousands of years ago. Genetic engineering is simply a continuation of this process. In order to obtain a false sense of achievement through destruction, the neo-savage becomes a moral nihilist; he must willfully delude himself into believing that the human mode of life is eviL Actions which are objectively beneficial must be thwarted, tools and other property which are used to sustain or improve human life must be seized or destroyed.
(Back when the Communist Party was still openly in charge of Soviet Russia, a gang of dirt worshipping neo-savages breaking into a laboratory and destroying hundreds of experimental plants would be prosecuted for sabotage and sentenced to death. The mode of execution was usually a pistol round in the back of the head in the classic Bolshevik style if they were fortunate. If not, the condemned were used for hazardous tasks which were often lethal such as mining uranium or changing nuclear fuel rods in the reactor cores of power stations and warships. Hmmm ...)
Rest assured that when the War of Liberation finally gets under way, any dirt worshipping nihilists who cross my path will be promptly and permanently disposed of..
Meanwhile, back at the old Dewey Camp:
It it disturbing that elected officials who are placed in positions ofauthority by the white political majority are overtly blaming the victims for the failure of the distrut to educate children of color in the city of Minneapolis.
John Shulman, attorney for the Minneapolis chapter of the NAACP
Yeah Braver! Blame da honkics!
It doesn’t matter if the "children of color” come up short in the heredity department. (By the way, Comrade Shulman is married to a Negress.)
The data finally released by the Minneapolis district is evidence that we... wtll present this fall at trial to prove that the Minneapolis School District and the state of Minnesota have conspired to operate a separate and unequal education system that they know will result in children of color not being educated.
Ibid.
Wlhen	are das
Judenherrenvolk going to get it through their apparently thick yarmulkas that reality, such as the laws of nature, cannot be overturned at gunpoint?
Some teachers have said they are frustrated that black students rarely take advantage of the extra help the district provides. For instance,fewer than half of the students required to go to summer school last summer attended classes. And it's rare to see those kids in after-school programs and Saturday school, teachers say.
Staff writer Anne O’Connor, Minneapolis Star Tribune.
When I was seeing African-American kids, they would come to me five days b fore the test with a world of math to learn and not very much time to do it.
Cynthia Gomez, Reading Coordinator and Math Teacher, Edison High School, Minneapolis, Minnesota.
If I recall correctly, when I attended this particular Dewey Camp a bit over two decades ago, there was no “reading coordinator.” There were barely a handful of Negroes (teachers and students) on campus, there was no graffiti nor any other vandalism. There was an attempt to “voluntarily" comply with a black-robed Bolshevilcs command to integrate. My class (79) was encouraged to sign up to be bused over to a Dewey Camp in one of the Negro-devastated zones for a two hour block of courses. I didn't sign up. For the subsequent classes ('80 and on) busing was mandatory.
The inhabitants of Northeast ("Nordeast” in the local dialect) Minneapolis used to be mostly Scandinavians, Germans, and Slavs with a handful of Italians. The last time I was in the area it had taken on a distinctly brown character. The Laundromat where I used to go every week is infested with Negroes and has signs in Spanish along with a long distance phone card vending machine that repeatedly blurts out a recorded pitch in the same language. What was the best pizza parlor inNordeast Minneapolis is now a Mexican restaurant named after a severely Red-infested province of Mexico, and a meeting nail for Jehovah’s Witnesses is now the bumed-out shell of a Mosque.
They're disenfranchised, it's a historical situation. They often come from families where they're parents bad terrible school experiences and they don't see the power of education in their lives.
Ibid.
Negroes have not received the evolutionary benefit of millennia of living in Europe, an environment not congenial to the lazy and stupid. It would appear that glaciers and cave bears were more tolerable neighbors than the ancestors of the African Negro.
Now I wasn’t a consistently good boy when I was growing up. I had an aversion to homework and I flunked some courses. At the end of my three year term in the Minneapolis Edison Senior Dewey Camp I was one credit short of the graduation requirement. Did I whine about "injustice,” throw a temper tantrum, or unleash a Jewish lawyer on my betters? No, no, and no. I made up the credit in summer school.
The fact that I was a credit short of the graduation requirement didn't stop the class councilor (the designated brain laundress) from practically begging me to participate in the graduation ceremony.
Now what would I have done given the choice of sitting outdoors on a hot and humid afternoon in June in a silly costume rented at my expense while trying to remain conscious while a long winded Bolshevik droned on and on about the alleged virtue of being a sacrificial animal for
VoL VI, No. 1
41
The RESISTER
the glorious and holy collective •• I waited to collect i diploma that I didn't earn, versus performing menial labor for minimum wage in air conditioned comfort?
(U, dear reader, you gueeaed that I chose the former, then its possible that vou are reading the wrong political journal. May I suggest that you pick up The Nation, Toe Progressive, or petnaps National Review})
#kr SO yoan, bis keen eye, his good amdgenerous heart, and bis active brush mam yen have given life to the most memooesUe cast of characters to enliven oser doilypayers. The hopeful and bop- | Ion Ghana Brown, the joyful Snoopy, ||| psaffai Lamr	even the crabby Lucy
— give voice, day after day, to what memos m human
President William J. Clinton on the death of Charles M. Schulz
We would be hard pressed to wonder what Comrade Bubba would know about being human. After all, could someone who is — in the spiritual sense of the word — human be capable of ordering (as only he was in the position to do so) the lethal gassing and incineration of scores of adults and children at the Branch Davidian residence outside ofWaco, Texas?
No, of course not.
Humanity is not merely a physical condition, it is a state of mind. To be buBMD is to be essentially rational and productive.The human mentality (or soul) looks upon the world, the land, the animals and plants, the natural forces, as things to be mastered for the benefit of himself and his posterity. On the other hand, the predator, or —vsge mentality does not seek to master the world, but to be the master of men The savage prefers not to sustain himself by has own effort, but to seize and consume the lives and property of others for material and sjrimual sustenance.To the predator, justice consists of "gettiiis away with tLm — those who rightfully resist the predator are to be punished or de
*?i t/ycu.
(it’s a bloody good thing that f oonmd Peihoff, the self proclaimed "Intellectual Heir'* of Ayn Rand, no lotupsr has his own radio program* It would not be surprising, st asset to me, to hear Peikoff blurt out an aw-
nine denunciation of Peanuts as a nihilistic comic strip illustration of the Malevolent Universe Premise, kite eating trees and all.)
The drive-by political shootings by the National Rifle Association are less remarkable for their occurrence than for the seven years of hapless responses by President Clinton... Clinton has only whimpered as the bullies steal bis ptd-pit.
Derrick Z. Jackson, Negro Propagandist, Boston Globe, March 17, 2000.
I was tempted to repeat the whole of this so-called opinion piece -which I clipped from a local edition of Pravda—with each, smear, obfuscation, robotic parroting, delusional raving, the one instance of animistic mysticism, and even a contradiction of Holocaust orthodoxy, along with a commentary on Comrade Jacksons apparent mental processes. But I have no interest in writing a thesis for a Masters degree in Psychology, nor would our editor have sufficient space to print it. The Resister only runs to a hundred pages.
In this case we have an astounding example of the degree to which a wnim-worshiping savage will deny reality in order to maintain his delusion of virtue. What is particularly absurd is Comrade Jacksons feeling that the present occupant of the Oval Office possesses anything resembling moral authority.
Authority is based on the valid knowledge of the subject. Legal authority is based on valid knowledge of the legal codes of ones state or nation, and theological authority is based on valid knowledge of the word of God. Comrade Jackson would have his audience feel that moral authority is not derived from knowledge of, and compliance, to moral principles, but from be ing the elected head of an alleged government.
Bush was no friend ofgun control,
I friends of his in the Secret Service and the Bureau <fAlcohol, Tobacco and Fire-arms were killed in Oklahoma City and Waco.., Bush’s resignation should have discredited the NRA for good Yet the I gun lobby is still speeding away, with ao oae heave enough to give cheue.
Ibid.
Powers which were specifically prohibited to the federal gov emment were exercised when the elder Bush — to whom moral authority is imputed — banned by Imperial decree the importation of military grade semiautomatic rifle?, and when a gang of three letter vermin attacked the Branch Davidian residence. These were crimes against the citizens and Constitution of the United States. Yet it is we, the armed citizens, who demand that the federal government comply with the law to which it is subject, who are branded as evil by the statist propagandists.
(Every time I look at the photo of Comrade Jackson that accompanies this so-called column, I am reminded of every Negro who tried to lay a “guilt trip” on me because I wouldn’t kiss his backside.)
And speaking of other inhuman creatures:
Because I bate them.
Dedrick Owens, Murderer of Kayla Rolland
Although I didn’t get along with everyone in the Dewey Camps either, did I steal my stepfather’s .32 caliber semiautomatic
fistol and go on a murder spree? No, did not, but then I’m not the White hating feral womb-dropping of a Negress crack-head.
Nor am I one of the whim-worshiping Liberals — or their vote-hungry “Conservative” scuts — who through the establishment of the welfare state created an ecological niche for Australopithecus cocaines (apart from the ordinary Negro) to live and breed in, thus making it possible for the assailant to exist. Nor did I, through the Liberal policy of compulsory racial integration in the Dewey Camps, place Kayla Rolland and other innocent children in the line of fire. But that doesn’t stop the actual creators of these policies from pointing the fingers of their bloodstained hands at the rest of us.
Vice President Gore needs to aOols-gize to the American public for not m-Jbrcing the existing federal firearms laws.
Wayne LaPierre, NRA executive
42
Vol. VI. No. 1
vice president
Ym amY care aboutstopping crimes with runs end rive the country a com-pietr lock of enforcement.
Ibid.
Has die thought ever occurred to Wayne LaPierre that the so-called laws that he wishes to see enforced are the exercise of a power which is specifically prohibited to the federal government under the Constitution of die United States? What part of, “shall not be infringed,” did he not understand? Mark Call of the Colorado Freedom Project actually asked LaPierre that question:
“I introduced myself to Wayne LaPierre after the meeting as an NRA Life Member, who was disgusted by this sell-out type of‘legislative action,’ and would be at the protest of Project Exile that very afternoon. When I asked him if he ever understood what die meaning of the word ‘infringed’ was, his answer was clear... he turned his back, pretended to ignore us, and walked away.”
And while Comrade LaPierre is rereading the Second Amendment, he should take a look at the first sentence of the first paragraph of Article m, Section 3, of the Constitution: “Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort."
This republic and its separate states has no existence apart from the body of their citizens, those who would disarm the citizens of die republic are enemies of the republic. Why does Comrade LaPierre insist on giving aid and comfort to the enemies oi the republic? Neither Wayne LaPierre nor any other member of his merry band of courtiers speaks for me.
What they ifha NRA) sa id about the president Iworrit think is right... I thought they were wrong in saying the president condones killing.
George W. Bush, Governor of Texas.
Hey Dubya! Have you ever visited the charred ruins out Iside of the city of Waco in your state ofTexas? It wasn't the Blue
Meanies who gassed, incinerated, and shot eighty-two of the men, women, and children living in the Branch Davidian residence.
And I used to believe that Neville Chamberlain was a wimp.
I would sign a hill that said trigger locks have got to come with guns.Tit's not so much the possession of a trigger lock, it’s how do we convince people to use trigger locks f That’s the issue.
ibid:
In the area of the safe handling of firearms, there is no substitute for proper parental instruction. My stepfather taught me the proper way to handle firearms. Trigger locks are not being pushed ——B upon us to protect the
children of gun own- ft ft unreasonable (in
era, who are reason-	.	__• r
ably expected togrow the correct meaning
up to be pro-gun vot- the COtlCCpt) tO SUITCI1- its own. A liberal pro-ers.The true purpose der OUT own moral
S&FbfeS right to use the instru-pecially those acting ments ot deadly force under me color of law in defense of our lives,
Amendment as a license to deceive the citizens, to smear the innocent and rational, and to commit outright treason. They conceal or “spiff evidence of the offenses of their political masters, and smear anyone who uncovers and speaks the truth.
To be honest, 1 think of the Established Media are (if I may borrow a phrase) a bunch of mindless jerks who should be the first against the wall when the revolution comes.
As to the defiance of "public opinion” -- so what? “Public opinion is a myth. The “public” -- or the collective by any other name - is an abstract concept, and as such has no distinct physical form and therefore has no distinct consciousness, which is to say, a mind of its Beine uncon-
own.
erng
scious, the collective cannot possess an opinion or a will of
such as the so-called Hostage Rescue Team, from the natu-1 ral consequences of — their chosen mode of behavior, which is often death at the hands of their victims.
The N.Rji. is more than a powerful, single-issue lobbying group. It’s a radical, inflammatory, obsessive outfit, deaf to public opinion, that bos stood like a colossus in the way of reasonable gun control, and thus has contributed mightily to the long decades of carnage in our streets and homes.
Bob Hezbert, Negro Propagandist, New York Times, March 16,2000
It was apparendy easier to find a Jewish Nazi (they were called “Honorary Aryans”) than it is to discover a honest liberal columnist or journalist. Thepoint of amending the United States Constitution was to guarantee the freedoms of speech andthe press so as to protect the right of those who uncover malfeasance in government to communicate the truth to one’s fellow citizens. Today, the liberal neosavages who dominate the Established Media treat the Fust
our families, and our property.
pagandist whining about our alleged defiance of ^public opinion” — or of the “general will” -should be of no more significance to us than the absurd spectacle of an aboriginal African witch doctor screaming out a demand that he be obeyed or else, “Booga-Wooga iz gonna git yew!”
Reality is real, the truth is the truth, and Booga-Wooga will not harm you, me, or anyone else.
We rationally refuse to surrender our own moral right to live. It is unreasonable (in the correct meaning of the concept) to surrender our own moral right to use the instruments of deadly force in defense of our lives, our families, and our property. To surrender our arms would leave us subject to the unrestrained whims of any band of brigands presently pretending to be an institution of government, as well as the whim of any passing thug. In reality the unarmed surrender their right to live, and exist at the sufferance of the ruling and the criminal classes. (As if there is a difference.) Anyone who willingly surrenders his arms has for practical purposes surrendered his right to live. He may as well commit suicide. To call this self-destructive act “reason-
VoL VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
•We,* as does Comrade Herbert and others in the Established Media, is nothing less than depraved indifference tonuman life and reality as such.
The function of propaganda is deception, and the primary target of propaganda is one's self. (Any other person who is deceived is a bonus.) in order to create and maintain a de-| hi* ion of virtue for himself and his audience, the liberal propagandist must deny verifiable facts of reality and defame the truly virtuous and ra-tionaLThe woman who defends her-•elf from a rapist is treated as though she were the most blood-drenched of murderers.The National Rifle Association, which was originally established to teach the effective and safe uk of firearms, is presently demon-bed in a fashion usually reserved for the followers of the late Adolf Hitler. (Never mind the now verifiable fact that the Soviet Communists, the darlings of the Established Media, were orders of magnitude deadlier than the National Socialists.) Predators, professional and amateur alike, who are killed by their prey are treated as victims if not outright martyrs. A movie that was made for and broadcast on a
an extremist, look upon the adherents of citizen disarmament as nothing less than mortal enemies.
More Fun With Jewspeak
Yiddish:
It is unfortunate that David Irving was able even to bring such frivolous charges into a courtroom. At least the tried provided an opportunity to reveal once again the reality of the Holocaust and the dangers of those who seek to deny it or trivialize it. Although the Holocaust was never an issue at the trial, we are gratified that the British Courts have rejected attempts to distort and manipulate the tragic events of thatperiod.
Abraham H. Foxman, ADL National Director, Press Release April 11,2000
English Translation:
e were scared to death that an honest historian such as David Irving dared to challenge one of the _^ witch doctors of our
major television network shows the vermin - there is simply no other I Hoio'caust cult. We word that I can use — the vermin arc bloody grateful who made the initial attack on the that the Established Brmch Dsvidian residence in a sym- Media and the Brit-oatheuc hght. (What s next? The uh Quisling State
court has shown that the insidi^Z
forts of David Irving and other Hot
caust deniers to manipulate historic facts do have limits... This case was a true test of free speech, said Mr. Harris. Real historians settle differences in debates in academic settings and journals.
Irving wanted to frighten those who wouldshine the light of truth on Holocaust deniers. He failed.
American Jewish Committee, Press Release, April 11,2000
A|
nd so Jewstice (as our editorial tyrant calls it) prevails. I ust confess that the first thing that came to my mind to say about this piece of propaganda was basically unprintable.
If David A. Harris were an honest man, he would tell us that in the Jew-ridden states of Europe, those who honestly question the dogma of the Holocaust® Religion are prosecuted and jailed, and that the more Jew-ridden any state is, the harsher the punishment inflicted upon anyone who asks honest questions, like, “Are Jews
telling the truth?”
If Harris were honest he would tell us that injew-ridden
states of Europe, real historians are “le-gall f prevented from publishing their
Extremism in the defense of liberty is not| only an actual virtue, it doubts in academic
Specul?) I h“	"vSid	“ US“«\kthal	«	*•	*-;
On top of the ream, of abuse to evidence and remain vermm who would de~ tinely forced off the
I'
whid) the armed citizens are subjected subservient to us, and prive US of life and lib- podium, or physf — we are smeared as ‘extremists* - ^ our billing ser-	ertv	cally	assaulted, or
we are denounced for refusing to j vants continue to	murdered by the lo-
compromise on moral principles. I cover our collective	cal branch of the
Never mind the fact diet a valid moral I posteriors.	Judenjugend.	If Harris were honest he
would tell us that wherever Jews rule there is no justice, only Jewstice.
But David A. Harris does not have to be honest, because David A. Harris is a Jew.
[Editors note: What other ‘historical facts” must be maintained by criminal penalties? What else can you be imprisoned for not believing? Doesnt this alone set ‘the Holocaust®" apart from any other ‘historical fact?*The only ‘fact* is that the Jews regard this story as a money-mine, as well as a ‘universal solvent" of any resistance to their plans and schemes. SLMH1
pnndpk is absolute, and that moral [The British judge did not deal compromise is a self-destructive and with the facts & all He simply ruled ul innately lethal act. Extremism in | that anyone who contradicts the Jewish “line" can be called all the names that David Irving was called. And if the name calling has devastating results, that is not the judge’s concern.
SLMH]
Judenjungend
the defense of liberty is not only an aemal virtue, it is usually lethal to the vermin who would deprive us of life and liberty
The horrible joke is that Wayne LaPierre, fur from being an extrem ist, is m fad a ***** mo on occa-sion strikes a manly pose in order to the flow of cash to him-'
-------7-------
self and his cronies.
Ths truly‘cadre®** Aisarms own* would never dream of appeasu# those individuals who seek to disarm and
Truth prevailed and Ska anti-Semitism and aistorual fraud of Holeeaust de-men were ssposed fir all to see, said David A- Hams, Enetutiv* Director
44
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
COMMENTARIES
FROM READERS
OPEN LETTER TO THE MILITIA
From A Fleet Marine
“Nick”
Gunnery Sergeant, USMC
These “militia" who think their band of followers, such as they maybe, are going to get us out of this mess are gravely mistaken.
Yes, there is an “us" and a “them” already formed. “We” are those in the military who are capable of action, “die/' (the “militia”) are not. If push comes to shove — and I honestly hope it never will — then the professional military establishment will occupy everything worth holding, mn the militia into the hills, and then locate, dose with, and destroy them at our leisure.
First of all, we have you outgunned. Badly. And the balance keeps getting tipped in our favor daily, with each unconstitutional gun law passed.
Secondly, and most importantly, we are disciplined. We understand that such concepts as obedience and sacrifice are necessary in order to accomplish the mission. We have a centralized decision-making body that coordinates all our actions so that no effort is wasted. And we have a system of military law in place to enforce obedience. You do not have any of these things. You cannot even agree on what the cause is; how can you have someone directing action or enforcing discipline when you don’t agree on anything.
In addition to the above, we also possess superior battlefield mobility, intelligence collection assets, and a logistics infrastructure. You possess
the feet on which you walk, no intelligence assets of which to speak, and no logistics to sustain an insurrection. The only thing you have going for you is perhaps morale, on a small scale at any rate. The cause of restoring White rule and constitutional governance in this country	______„
is a just and right one.
But very few acknowledge or understand the necessity of the former while
arts. These people have to learn discipline and, above all else, must rediscover exactly what is important and what is not.
The Constitution is a dead letter, worth the paper on which it is written. Every concept created by our European Christian founders has been violated or abrogated because we “included” Jews, Negroes, Mestizos, mongrels, females, and “others" to the point where consensus upon our White cultural and ethnic prerogatives has become impossible. If we are to restore our Constitutional Republican heritage — if that is even a desirable end-state at all — then we must first find solidarity amongst our racial kindred and then decide upon a course of action.
It is not we in the military who have turned our backs on the Constitution. It is those so-called “patriots" and “citizens” who, over this past century, have committed the highest treason with their ballots. They don’t even know it for the most part. What is worse, they want to keep doing it. And, now that they are slowing realizing that the game has been over for the last few years, they are crying ______	about the military	and
blaming us for their faults.
The patriot movement is, generally
Now, pay attention: I am only going to say this once. It there IS to speaking, a bunch of most others pay only be an “us” then it is go- cowards. The gov-
lip-service to the lat- • t b formed	emme"t h“. Jfj* on
ter.	©	,	,	j*	your Constitution.
Now, pay atten- around the Standing They have allowed
only going military, not the mill- and encouraged your U once. If	women to breed with
tion: I am to say thi there is to be an “us’ then it is going to be formed around the standing military, not the militia. That means the militia needs to tell those whom might be inclined to listen to send every ra-cially-aware, patriotic White man of military age into the armed forces to:
(a)	acquire real military training, and
(b)	weaken the Judaeo-Communist commissariat’s hold on the military. Only then, when we have control of the means of real power, can there be any hope of effective counterrevolution.
1 am infinitely tired of listening to pipe-dreams of every so-cauedl celv- if
dreams jy-inc thinks he’sC
the “fierce
of every so idependent patriot" who jrod’s gift to the military
the lower races and their mongrel cousins. They’ve emasculated you politically ana in the media. And all you do is sit around and stew, swallowing each fresh insult almost automatically, to the point where you simply know no other reality ana looking like abject fools every time you open your mouths. Stop whining and start acting. There is no way to vote ourselves out of this political mess and our racial destruction. You people had better wake up and start smelling the burnt toast and start doing something for yourselves. And that includes joining the military, however distasteful that might appear for now.
Look folks, let’s get some things
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
externally.
Straight...
1)	No militia has ever withstood i determined, supported attack by professionals,
2)	The Revolutionary War was no exception. Regulars (after von Steuben arrived and Washington asked him to turn his rag-tag, fu-1 gitive band of nitwits into a regular, disciplined outfit of professional soldiers) won the Revolutionary Wk — only with considerable outside assistance from the Ranch.
3)	Firepower and battlefield imagery have really upset the balance in the favor of regulars, who have the
resources (read: your money) to research, acquire, field, and maintain the state-of-the-art items in mass quantities.
4)	Such as they might already exist, please get rid ofyour delusions of "hit-and-run" warfare whereby you attack regular formations and then run for the hills. Make no mistake about it: we want you to run to the hills, where you can be isolated, located, and killed without breaking so much at a sweat.
5)	What the men of our race must do, such as there still may be, is to regain control of our military: internally and externally. That means sending our racially-conscious, patriotic-minded sons to the recruiter or the officer selection officer (OSO) and telling them not to come back home until they have served a tour in the Army or Marine Corps as light infantrymen. If you want to have any hope of recapturing this country from that filthy band of Jews, Negroes, sodomites, etc., who have completely overrun us then you will do the following:
a)	If you arc a man, either join an elite, regular outfit and gain some real, useful military training (light infan try or military intelligence); or, if you are beyond martial age, encourage every young mao in your family and circle of friends to do so. In fact* drag them to the recruiter personally and
imast upon a four-year term in an outfit
•ueb as the Airborne, Rangers, SF, or the Marine Corps.	j
b)	If you are a young woman oj
marital age, find a strong, racially-conscious"white man ana bear children by him like it is your sacred duty (it is, actually). Accept a lower standard of living for now. We need warriors —- and you ladies are the only ones capable of pro-■	"	viding	mem.
I’ve been at this for a few years, now. It’s time to put up, or
What the men of our race must do, such as there still may be, is to
• • « ^	11 * i
«pin control of our military: internally and white MEN to join
the military, learn how to operate as light infantrymen, and
re-infuse our ranks with the blood of OUT people — not that of the Negroes, Mestizos, Asians, mongrels, or oth-
ers.
And tell them to keep their mouths shut while they’re in. Their job is to learn how to fight in a disciplined manner, not get thrown in the brig.
They will be needed later. There is a big mess to clean up.
SOUND FAMILIAR?
Robert A. Waters
Yi
pu’re sound asleep when you pear a thump outside your ■bedroom door. Half-awake, and nearly paralyzed with fear, you hear muffled whispers. At least two people have broken into your house and are moving your way.
With your heart pumping, you reach down beside your bed and pick up your shotgun. You rack a shell into the chamber, then inch toward the door and open it. In the darkness, you make out two shadows. One holds a weapon — it looks like a crowbar. When the intruder brandishes it as if to strike, you raise the shotgun and fire. The blast knocks both thugs to the floor. One writhes and screams while the second man crawls to the front door and lurches outside.
As you pick up the telephone to call police, you know you’re in trouble. In your country, most guns were outlawed years before, and the few that are privately owned are so stringently regulated as to make them uselese. Yours was never registered.
Police arrive and inform you that the second burglar has died.Thay arrest you for First Degree Murder and
Illegal Possession of a Firearm. When you talk to your attorney, he tells you not to worry: authorities will probably plea the case down to manslaughter. *What kind of sentence will I get?” you ask. “Only ten-to-twelve years, he replies, as if that’s nothing. ^Behave yourself, and you’ll be out in seven.”
The next day, the shooting is the lead story in the local newspaper. Somehow, you’re portrayed as an eccentric vigilante while the two men you shot are represented as choirboys. Their friends and relatives can’t find an unkind word to say about them. Buried deep down in the article, authorities acknowledge that both *vic-tims” have been arrested numerous times. But the next day’s headline says it all: MLovable Rogue Son Didn't Deserve to Die." Tne thieves have been transformed from career criminals into Robin Hood-type pranksters. As the days wear on, the story takes wings.The national media picks it up, then the international media.
The surviving burglar has bscoms a folk hsro. Your attorney says the thief is preparing to sue you, and he’ll
46
Vol. VI, No. 1
probably win.
The media publishes reports that your home has been burglarized several times in the past ana that you’ve been critical of local police for their lack of effort in apprehending the suspects. After the last break-in, you tola your neighbor that you would be prepared next time. The District Attorney uses this to allege that you were lying in wait for the _ burglars.
A few months later, you go to trial The charges haven’t been reduced, as your lawyer had so confidently predicted.
When you take the stand, your anger at die tee of it all	—
works against you.
Prosecutors paint a picture of you as a mean, vengeful man. It doesn’t take long for the jury to convict you of all charges. The judge sentences you to life in prison.
This case really happened
On August 22, 1999, Tony Martin of Emneth, Norfolk, England, killed one burglar and wounded a second. In April, 2000, he was convicted and is now serving a life term. How did it become a crime to defend one’s own life in the once-great British Empire?
It started with the Pistols Act of 1903. This seemingly reasonable law forbade selling pistols to minors or felons and established that handgun sales were to be made only to those who had a license. The Firearms Act of1920 expanded licensing to include not only handguns but all firearms except shotguns. Later laws passed in 1953 and 1967 outlawed me carrying of any weapon by private citizens and mandated the registration of all shotguns.
Momentum for total handgun confiscation began in earnest after the Hungerford mass shooting in 1987. Michael Ryan, a mentally disturbed man with a Kalashnikov rifle, walked down the streets shooting everyone he saw. When the smoke cleared, 17 people were dead.
The British public, already desensitized by eighty years of “gun con-
trol”, demanded even tougher restrictions. (The seizure of all privately owned handguns was the objective even though Ryan used a rifle.) Nine years later, at Dunblane, Scotland, Thomas Hamilton used a semiautomatic weapon to murder 16 children and a teacher at a public school.
For many years, the media had portrayed all gun owners as mentally unstable, or worse, criminals. Now the
How did the authori- Pre8S had a real kook
ties know who had handguns? The guns had been registered and licensed. Kinda like cars.
with which to beat up law-abiding gun owners. Day after day, week after week, the media gave up all pretense of objectivity and demanded a total ban on all handguns. The Dunblane Inquiry, a few months later, sealed the fate of the few side-arms still owned by private citizens.
During the years in which the British government incrementally took away most gun rights, the notion that a citizen had the right to armed self-defense came to be seen as vigilantism. Authorities refused to grant gun licenses to people who were threatened, claiming that self-defense
was no longer considered a reason to own a gun. Citizens who shot burglars or robbers or rapists were charged while the real criminals were released. Indeed, after the Martin shooting, a police spokesman was quoted as saying, "We cannot have people take the law into their own hands.”
All of Martin’s neighbors had been robbed numerous times, and several elderly people were severely injured in beatings by young thugs who had no fear of the consequences. Martin himself, a collector of antiques, had seen most of his collection trashed or stolen by burglars.
When the Dunblane Inauiry ended, citizens who owned handguns were given three months to turn them over to local authorities. Being good British subjects, most people obeyed the law. The few who didn't were visited by police and threatened with ten-year prison sentences if they didn’t comply. Police later bragged that theya taken nearly200,000 handguns from private citizens.
How did the authorities know who had handguns? The guns had been registered and licensed. Kinda like cars.
Sound familiar?
Attack on Columbus is attack on America and
the West
*7
Samuel Francis ©2000 by Samuel Francis and <forum.samfrancis.net>
S
o, you thought, because you’re not a Southerner and never paid |much attention to all that Civil War stuff anyway it really didn’t matter whether the Confederate flag was allowed to fly or not. What did that havs to do with you, and anyway some people said they thought tne uk| was offensive,” so why not take it down?
Well, as I liked to point out during the controversy earlier this year about the Confederate flag in South Carolina and points south, it ought to matter to you, whether youre a Southerner or not, because mil kind of ethnic symbol deansing is not going to stop with Southern symbols. Tne deansing crusade is part of a
VoL VI, No. 1
47
The RESISTER
much larger war aninit all white, \Vntem, Chriitiin, heteroiexuil and male icons, the symbolism that rep* resents and codifies the "dominance" of what the symbols stand for.
The war, in short, has nothing to do with "slavery" or "racism" or “being offensive." It hat to do with destroying the power of one people and chrinaation and imposing the power of others.
If that was not clear before, it ought to have become a wee bit dealer this week when, in Denver, Colorado, American Indians succeeded in banning references to Christopher Columbus in the city’s Columbus Day Parade and changing the name of the parade itself to "The March for Italian Pride."
Columbus, of course, has long been at the top of the hit list of anti-Western, anti-white and anti-American forces, because he supposedly made possible the enslavement and exploitation of the peoples of the New world by discovering it for white Christian Europeans. If you hate white Christian Europe and everything pi ever done, then it makes sense to hate Columbus — along with everyone else who had anything to do with the people and civilization of which he was a major part.
It perhaps should be remembered that Columbus Day is not just a local or provincial observance but an official federal legal public holiday, just like the nine omen designated by federal law, as well as a generally observed celebration. Rejecting Columbus is thus actually a rejection of a major symbol of national and cyflmrinnsl identity and heritage. As demonscraton against the Confederate put it in south Carolina, "Your heritage as our slavery.”
Denver has not been able to have any Columbus Day Parade since 1992, the 400th anniversary of Columbus* discovery of America, because the Indians raised so much hell and threatened violent disruptions of the parade if it were held. This year it took the UJ. Department of Justice to broker the negotiations between Hispanirs. Indians of the radical American	Movement	and	the
city to hold any parade at aiL
AH rdtrsfcss to CohimUs have to be dropped; a new curriculum to be offered to all schools will be ds
veloped that "corrects historical inaccuracies [you can bet] about Columbus and the colonization of the Americas," and Glenn Morris, an AIM leader, pronounces that "We’re pleased that tnis agreement mutually respects all of our communities. This agreement allows us all to live in harmony without insult or injury or pain or hatred."
Of course, the agreement allows “us" to live in harmony only because the white European side of the conflict surrendered and because the anti-white, anti-European side therefore agreed not to waste the city in
past divided them as North against South, rich against poor, or left against right and work together against common enemies who hate them, everything that represents them and everything they come from.
Columbus, of course, has long been at the top of the hit list of ___________________ anti-Western,	anti-
retaliation. You can white and anti-Ameri-
call this harmony ir	r	,	,
you please, but it’s	can	forces,	because	he
more like the har- supposedly made pOS-
mony of a graveyard Sj£fe the enslavement than that or a com-	j	1	.	.	r	«
munity celebrating its an€* exploitation Oi the
shared values and	peoples of the New
heritage.	World by discovering
l he expulsion of	•	r	«	•	/-11	.	.	°
Columbus from the lt for white Christian
Denver parade, of Europeans. If you hate course, is only one white Christian Europe and everything it’s ever done, then it makes sense to hate Columbus...
local example of how the war against the[ white West is winning. Nowhere — except in the white South, sort of— doL white Europeans de- ———— fend and insist on celebrating their civilization and their identity, along with the heroes, songs, flags, statues, holidays and other emblems that symbolize their achievement in the past and their continuing vitality. Everywhere the non-white, non-European peoples push out the white West and insist on the enthronement of their own symbols and icons.
If even the members of white Western Christian civilization, at least in its American incarnation, areJ themselves today so effete, so ex-1 hausted and so demoralized that they no loiter care whether their civilization survives and are unwilling to defend it, then there is little that can! be done to preserve it at all. But if_ there arc any white Westerners left who still do cars whether their civilization survives, they're going to have to put aside the differences that in the

Periodic
ce Report
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE KOREAN WAR
LTC “Bud” Farrell, USAF (Ret.)
"The United Nations is the greatest fraud in all History. It's purpose is to destroy the United States."
Congressman John E. Rankin
When I was a young officer and jet fighter pilot flying missions in the Korean Conflict (unknowingly under the command of a Soviet General of the United Nations Security Council), I could never understand how the enemy knew so much about us, as broadcast almost daily over the communist Pyongyang radio station in North Korea.
Our wives' names, childrens' names, Squadron Commander names, flight numbers, etc.! The North Koreans knew when we were coming, how many of us there were, what type of aircraft we were flying, and even the targets we were to hit. Later I realized that the naval and ground force* suffered the same fat that we did, especially our Army and Maxine infantry troops.
AH of our military operations had to be forwarded by radio to the Soviet Commander of the United Nations Security Council at the United Nations Building, New York City, for approval before our forces went into action against the North Koreans and Red Chmese.The Soviet Commander of the United Nations Security Council delayed the battle plans until he used the radios in the United Nations
Building in New York to relay all our “battle planning information” to Moscow, North Korea and Red China.
The enemy then contacted and relayed these same ___________________
battle plans to their
file on each and every one us.” How little did we really know.
Every mission, every movement was compromised! General Walt, former Commander of the United States Marine Corps, reflected upon this information in his book that was written in the early 1980s. This was never allowed to appear in any bookstore in the United States. During the Korean and Viet Nam conflicts, thousands of our fighting men were mentally or physically incapacitated because of this treason! To this day, the Soviets (or someone from one of their satellite countries) are the only ones who can command the United Nations “World Police Forces.” Each and every one of us that served in Korea or Viet Nam served under the total command of a Soviet General! Here are the names of the —_______ Soviets and the dates
they served as Under-
communist forces in Each And CVCrv OllC of Secretary of the Se-|
us that served in Korea
from an area and Of VICt INlfll Served the highest military when to attack our under the total com- commander of all
ESTt&ZS mandofa Soviet Gen-
beforehand when we	erSU.	in the world, tnchsd-
coming and ——y	■ tug all military fines
of the United States.I
wereg
how many of us there were. They knew everything about us all the time — 24 hours a day!
I later found this same form of treason was used against our forces in the Viet Nam War. All information regarding “every battle plan in Viet Nam” was given to the North Vietnamese, Soviets (Advisors), and Viet Cong Troops in the field during the entire war. The enemy knew our every move at all times. Our troops were led like sheep to die slaughter in both Korea and Viet Nam.
Like blind fools we sent our combat plans to the enemy for approval. There was a standing joke among us fighter pilots “That Moscow had a
These names and information was obtained from the United Nations yearbooks up through 1983. Later yearbooks were not available:
(All listed below are Soviet Generals holding the office ofUnder-Secretary for Security and Political Affairs):
1946-1949 Arkady Alexandrovich Sobolev
1949-1953 Constantine E. Zinchenko
1953-1954 Dragoslav Protich 1958-1959 Antoly Dobrynin 1960-1962 George Petrovich Arkadev
VoL VI, No. 1
49
the United Nitiooi fighting u>
1962-	3963 EugenyD. KiselevO
1963-	1964 vhdimir Paulovich SurJovO
1965-1967 Alexei Efremovitch Nesterenko
3 <*69 1973 Leonid N. Kuttkov 1973-1978 Arksdv N. Shevchenko 1978-1980 Mikhail D. Sytenko 1981-1983 Vlachealav A. UstinovOr 1988 Vasiliy Ssfronehuk
"The poet for ‘Political and Security Affiurt' traditionally has been held br a Soviet national., is Senior Advisor to the Secretary-General.” [New York Tunes, May 22,1963]
The Soviet Lt. General Alexandre Ph Visiliev, the Soviet Representative on the United Nations (Mini) Military Staff Committee from 1947 to January, 1950, is the same General Vasiliev who took "a leave of absence from his United Nations job" and was placed by the Soviet Union and Red China in command of all Chinese Communist troop movements across the 38th
WgM; ,	I
During the Korean "Police Action,* Lt General Vasiliev received all his military information and troop movements of all United Nations forces in Korea directly from his superior; Soviet General Constantine E. Zinchenko (sec above, 1949-1953), who was served as Under-Secretary of the Security Council of the United Nations in New York. AU battle plans had to be approved by [Vasiliev] ahead of time It was the traitor, President Harry S. Truman himself, who refused to ai-\ 1*0 General Douglas MacArthur, the Supreme Commander of the United Nations fighting forces in Korea, to booh the bridges at the Yalu River over which the Chinese Communist troop came by the hundreds of thousands to kill and wound our soldiers. Truman, and the Soviet General in charge at the United Nations, totally and cuffed MacArthur in all instances.
General MacArthur was only in command of the fighting forces in Korea, not in command oft lie United | Nations oositiofi as Under Secretary of the Security Council, A Soviet General held tnis position of power
and authontv ora MacArthur and all
The RESISTER
When General MacArthur woke up to the treason of President Truman and the Soviets in the United Nations, he executed one of the greatest mili-taiy performances ever ventured in modem warfare. His dangerous but magnificent military engagement and sea landing at Inchon on September 15, 1950 enabled his military forces to slaughter the com-munist forces, destroy their massive supply dumps, and put the Red Chinese, North Koreans and their Soviet advisors on the run. [In other words,
MacArthur kicked some ass!]
MacArthur never asked
. With cunning control of th* „ tioiMl new* outlet* over the mind, of the masses in the United States, the,, same internationalists turned the minds of the people in the United States against MacArthur. The same man who had just saved the lives of thousands of their sons with daring military moves — against the wishes _______________ of the United Nation
When General MacArthur woke up to the treason of President Truman and the Soviets in the United Nations, he executed one of the greatest
asKea permission	~Liailul	”
from the United Na- military performances General MacArthur,
tions Security Coun- ever ventured in mod- the real hero!
cil (Soviet General	cm	warfare.	Un	the	book]
Zinchenko) to per- ^General Douglas
MacArthur Speaks, he
Command — in routing the Red Chinese and North Koreans at Inchon.
Now you know the real truth as to what really happened behind the scenes during the Korean Conflict between the traitor Truman and
Korea
N»m.
so
Tbt **mt u*u tru$ for Vm
form this secret mili-B tary operation. MacArthur hand-picked close and loyal military officers in doing so, and they kept a tight lid on the entire operation. Originally, our forces were to never win any battles as planned by the Soviet Generals in the United Nations. But General MacArthur realized the treason and took positive action not only to save the lives of his fighting forces and destroying the enemy ana their supply dumps, but also creating the “turning point* of the Korean War with his success at Inchon.
For this positive action, General Douglas MacArthur was relieved of his command of the United Nations fighting forces in Korea by the traitor, President Harry S. Truman.
President Truman feared General MacArthur so much that just prior to General MacArthur returning to the United States from Korea, Truman hid out at Camp David for over 3 weeks in fear of being arrested by General MacArthur, who was a 5-Star General and in command of all military forces in the United Statee.
This allowed the controlled press in the United States tune to attack MacArthur on all fronts. Even be fore he returned home from Korea. Big headlines in the monthly mage lines of the United States described MacArthur "As like unto Hitler re turning home to the Chancellory."
wrote:
“I was worried by a series of directives from Washington (Truman) which were greatly decreasing the potential of my air force. First I was forbidden “hot** pursuit of enemy planes that attacked our own. Manchuria and Siberia were sanctuanes of inviolate protection of all enemy forces and for all enemy purposes, no matter what depredations or assaults might come from there. Then 1 was denied the right (by a Soviet General in United Nations; to bomb the hydroelectric plants along the Yalu Rivet The order was broadened to indude every plant in North Korea which was capable of furnishing electric power to Manchuria and Siberia.** “Most incomprehensible of all was the refusal to let me bomb the important supply center at Racin, which was not in Manchuria or Siberia, but many miles from the border, in forwarded supplies from Vladivostok for the North Korean Army. 1 felt that step-by-step my weapons were being taken away from me/
This is exactly the same type of treason that occurred against our military forces in Viet Nam. But Viet Nam was far more vile and dirty in length of time that our soldiers ware betrayed. MacArthur continues on
That there was soma la^k in in
m vi, No, i
The RESISTER
telligence was evident to everyone. (Brigadier General Walton) Walker continually complained to me that his operations were known to the enemy in advance through sources in Washington... information must have been relayed to them, assuring that the Yalu River bridges would continue to enjoy tiieir sanctuary and that their bases
would be left intact. They knew they could swarm down across the Yalu River without having to worry about bombers hitting their Manchurian supply lines."
General MacArthur then referred on page 21 to an official leaflet published in Red China by Chinese General Lin Piao. It read:
“I would never have made the attack and risked men and military reputation if I had not been assured that Washingt on would restrain General MacArthur from taking adequate retaliatory measures against my lines of supply and communication."
J. Ruben Clark, Jr., former Undersecretary of State and Ambassador to Mexico, who was widely recognized as one of our nations foremost international lawyers, stated on page 27 of the book entitled The United Nations Today.
“Not only does the Charter Organization (United Nations) not prevent future wars, but it makes it practically certain that we shall have future wars, and as to such wars it takes from us (the United States) the power to declare them, to choose the side on which we shall fight, to determine what forces and military equipment ■shall use in war, and to control
we
and command our sons who do the fighting."
Planned wars by international corporate socialists money barons within the United States and throughout the world brings great profit to the majority of banks and war manufacturing plants that they control and own all across the United States. These same people got filthy rich on the “20 pieces ofsihW for the lives lost and wounded of our soldiers in the Korean and Viet Nam conflicts, and they also collected billions of dollars in profit for supply “war materials” in Korea and Viet Nam.
By now you should have come to realize why there were so many restrictions on our soldiers during combat in Korea and Viet Nam, and why
wre were not allowed to win... not allowed to bomb certain targets, not allowed to really do anything in a positive manner to destroy the enemy.
Korea and Viet Nam were never planned to be won, but instead they were planned so big money could be made by the bankers and all their political lackeys who sit in Public Office all over the United States and in other governments of the world.
The Viet Nam conflict was also allowed to continue to weaken the resistance of Americans against any type of war or fight against communism. To accept anything would be better in the minds of the masses... than war and having their sons killed. Even if it meant “merging” of our entire government with that of the Soviet Union (as we presently are witnessing).
A SMALL METALLIC
“TINK” SOUND "
-or-
What the Chain of Command Really
Thinks of You
SFC “O. B.”, USA (Ret.) 10th SFG(A)
In the Army you learn some valu-lable lessons that will stand you I in good stead later in life (if, of course, you have a “later in life” which is by no means assured). One of the big ones is exactly that: you are expendable. Every exercise, every training drill, every mission concept and training plan you make, you must always consider, what if 1 get zapped? What if the captain, the chief, half the team gets whacked? But these plans are all a bit abstract. You’re young and motivated, you were carefully selected and trained to a fever pitch, and you are thoroughly convinced you are immortal. There was also a strong bond between leader and led; in the regular Army your officers might walk on your bodies to build their careen, but in those days an officer threw his career away by the very act of joining Special Forces. The Colonel might be old, but we thought him as much a Young Turk as any of us.
This is a true story; 1 don’t know or remember the names of three of
the people involved but I was there. Dialogue is as 1 remember it, which after over fifteen years isn’t going to be exact.
Setting die Scene
I It was 1984, the Cold War was rapidly approaching its climax, and tne 10th Special Forces Group’s major annual exercise, Flintlock, was underway. Flintlock in those days essentially postulated the overrunning of most or all or Europe by Soviet forces and left the US ana NATO with no option but irregular warfare. In retrospect, this seems almost unbelievable. At the time, though, the balance of forces was such that such a war, with such a result, could well have actually happened.
As each team prepared to deploy it was assigned a	m Offi cer or
LNO. The ideal LNO, who would be the team's sole contact with everyone until the end of the exercise, was
Vol. VI, No. 1
51
The RESISTER
t tMin member who could not go with the teem, usually due to injury. 1 hid burned-In on t jump mo wit muting (among other innrmitiet) t brokeri tmilbone ind inkle, to there we no question of my deploying with the teem. (Oddly enough, I went through that accident and aeveral ether life-threatening experiences without a crack in my eggshell of immortality.) 1 wit assigned to act at LNO for a team that was deploying. Tbt men on the team were all my friends and 1 knew their mission well, file bam of operations, the Special fare Operational Bate (SFOo), was flt RAF Station Sculthorpe, in Norfolk, England. By the 1980t Sculthorpe was held in mothballs, with no aircraft on the bate except for three ancient French Mysteres that wi Kosnsd around from time to time. Doa) ask why, I don’t know. (If you sent to aae where Sculthorpe is, most maps of Britain won't show it but they wifl show King's Lynn and possibly Fahenham. Draw a fine between those cstiM, and RAF Sculthorpe is in the lavender fields to the East of the line, If I remember correctly).
Working at the SFDB
I worked long and irregular hours at the SPOo. Because of a peculiarity in organisation, that team s ■asaasgas could not be decrypted by the normal procaas at Samal Company ao the mrstaara would be passed to me still in code and I would decrypt them myself, in those days, that inraMbd a paper code pad and a pencil and time, although as I got parts of the process memorised 1 was usually a lot foster than Signal Company had been. Now, I was supposed to do this decoding in the double-secret-probation area called the Sensitive i i eniem messed Information Facility (Idr), but I usually bent the rules nd dad it an the operations plotting room whaaa I haws some cose-My Al daas tarns ! was working on a aaam that had bean garbled an innini—ion an ii was taking me mlar • lonsf-time




I
mg h* 1 ■a wa sa
CJ«d <
■me leamel
svanseyaug flEUadfii fllMl unenle tiUacs« i sea casus the so Wi oodan
see them, nor they ue, because the plotting room hid about a dozen chalkboard! in it with maps affixed on both tides, and we were on the far side of all those map boards. We weren't hiding; it was the natural place to be because my team’s map board was in the back and there was a handy desk there for working.
Bored, and at a loss to figure out whether XG VLT was really SEVEN or EIGHT anyway, I listened to the newcomers. One voice was unmistakable — our commanding officer, Colonel Richard W. Potter Jr. From the mild accents the other two were NATO officers, one from the Low Countries and one	—mmm
from Scandinavia.
From the fact that Potter called them they were
A Vital Question isAskad and Answered
The Dutch general: “In war time, how are you going to r«-supply these existing teams? You can surge and put 54 teams into the area in a matter of six or sewn
days. Now, assuming that half of than
are scarfed up, you still have to cover those targets, or some of them, and new taigets that develop phis you need to re-supply the teams already on the ground, out your airlift is a shrinking asset because you can’t develop Special Operations airlift in anything ________ under six months or
a year. I can’t see how
both “sir,a
“That's how we handle you will do it. Whm ____________  .....	Ant,-Potter said.... IS	S£h£S
generals. The other by some miracle, some you re-supply those LNO (also a cripple, team Survives their teams?”
I recollect) and I initial SR or DA target	*3
smirked as we lis-	-	.	pause, then we heard |
tened to What Is	and IS Still up Oil tile a small metallic‘rink*
Happening according air at D+30, we're JUSt sound, to Potter. He actually going to take the pin
out of the map.
described the “Big Picture" fairly well,| although he glossed ■	'
over problems we had had with parachute infiltration (the entire orthopedics ward at Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt was full of our men, but that's another story). He probably didn’t want to let the foreigners know that the US Air Force had missed more drop zones than they hit, some of them by many miles, and dropped some teams as low as 250 feet above sound level.
The NATO Generals were clearly bright guys and well attuned to the special operations world - they were doubtless involved in their own nations’ preparations to go underground in the event of invasion - and we enjoyed listening to the discussion. They were discuesing sortie rates, and relative percentages of infiltration success into denied arees in wartime, and what attrition would mean to the available air assets in thoet days just four MC-13QK Cmmiet ThUm aaroplsncs and eqghi MH-53E Awfow/heluo lets. Theca, one of them popped §64/100 Sgf an.

•mt*

how we I handle that," Potter said. "War in Europe | is going to be fast-paced and dynamic. None of the teams will have a mission that will be relevant beyond • couple of weeks. Most of them wont even hit their targets, but the targets are so valuable that even a small success rate yields results out of all proportion to the losses. If, by some miracle, some team survives their initial SR1 or DA2 target and is still up on the air at D+30, we’re just joing to take the pin out of the map.
My Godi That's what the sound was - a pushpin tossed casually into • trash-can for effect. Very Potter, this theatrical stunt. It made its impression on both its intended and unin-tended audiences.
"There is no way I’m going to waste a sortie hauling beans end bullets to tome bunch at guys that have already performed their function. Or failed. Not when I can use it to haul a new bunch of guys to a new and more immediately important target At D+30 the initial round of teams will have outlived their usefulness, and right at that point I*U have reserve and filler teams coining online in iso Lotion "
Vol. VI. No. 1
The RESISTER
One of the NATO generals whistled softly. The other LNO and I raped at each other. No one had told us this, and we thought we were very attuned to the "big picture.” Surprise'. My faith in Colonel Potter evaporated, never to recover, although I would serve under him for many more years and watch him rise to Major General before retiring.
On tiie way out, I looked in the trash can. Sure enough, some luckless ODAs pushpin was in the empty trash-can. I took it out to put it back in place, but I couldn’t tell who it was or where it came from. Was the victim of COL Potters betrayal ODA 325? 321? There was no telling*, it was just an anonymous blue pushpin, and it couldn't 6peak.
I laid the “ODA” in the chalk tray at the base of the map board. Their LNO would find it out of place and fix it in the morning.
NOTES:
'Special Reconnaissance ^Direct Action
JDcnt n-<»M	“"N.Sru.
'i^POWER H0NKD5 $3
WUdmanS
civii m mmra
ANTIQUE GUNS* ___
• BOOK$ OLD A NEW • HERBS • ^
kw. 7
BEST LITTLE WAR HOUSE INKENNESAW (770) 422-1785
4 2879 South Main Street, Kennesaw, GA 30144

PRACTICAL MANUAL
of
MARTIAL LAW
BY
FREDRICK BERNAYS WIENER of the Rhode Island Bar
Special Aaniataxit to the Attorney General of the United States; Captain, Judge Advocate General's Department Reserve
The Military Service Publish tug Company Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
Here’s an Admission that the union states of America IS still under Martial Law since Lincoln’s War.
Controlling the magistrates, courts, media and ALL things that passes through commerce. Martial law assist civil administration by “brushing aside the disorders which obstruct its normal (political) operation. " Martial Law is. a part of Civil Law in the jurisdiction of the 14th Amendment. It also gives the president unlimited use of power with its Executive Order— more than it called for in the U.S. Constitution. But.. “There is no such thing as Martial Law.—In a good many places it is uncompromisingly laid down that martial law is unknown to the (common) law of England or of the United States. " (page 13)
A Practical Manual of Martial Law (1940), by Fredrick Bernays Wiener, 184 pages. A must for understanding the true nature of this current political Roman Imperial power One 3.5 floppy disk on MS Word Document file, for a contribution of 15.00. Send cash, pre-silver coin, or Postal Money Order, only, to:
Michael Paul general delivery Girard Post Office, Erie county,
Girard, Pennsylvania [16417-9999]
To Include printed copy of original book, please add 12.50 plus shipping.
Vol. VI, No. 1
53
A npmtntative My> composed principally tfmpertabk ymamy it Ac host possible J jsnm'fy tp tibtrty Any kw rendering t
pnporty immune, would be iyiriem to them
MeVanrton Smith, 1788
The RESISTER
JK 1 lii
ANT
on*
Every law, or molution having the ft of law, shall relate to hut one subject, and that shall be expressed in the title
Constitution of the Confederate States of America Article I, section 9, clause 20
LIST
ISANYOFTHIS
CONNECTED?
I	ty
Gerald L. Atkinson
At Gore’s mentor at Harvard, a ‘Tommy the Commie’ leftist who handpicked Gore Emerson...They taught that law was for his seminar class, *Prob- not created by judges following Seats of Post-Industrial Society,’be- precedent...or neutral principles of gar. with readings in Marx and his general application...Rather, law was theorv of alienation and ended with made by judges mak-Freud s sex-based psychology (Wash, ing up their minds
Post, ‘A Whole New World: At Harvard, Experimentation and Dis-awery,’ppA26,12/26/99). He ended one lecture with the challenge, “Marx phis Freud equals Truth. This, of course, is ‘cultural Marxism’ using the tool of Critical Theory right out of the doctrine of the Frankfurt School revolutionaries. Those intellectuals captivated die imagination of our nations young elites who carried out the counter-culture revolution on our campuses during their coming-of-agt years in the mid-1960s.
Ben Stein remembers those days at Yak (Washingtonian Magazine, *C*2zy Days at Yale with Hillary and Bill,' pp.51,1996),*,.,we could make the law whatever we wanted it to be...Charles Reich taught constitutional law and wrote...The Greening of America’„.The law students look over the classrooms. The focus
Campuses,’ tells us that, “...the heart of American re-education...i.e. ‘Thought reform’ at colleges... [can be] likened to Orwell’s ‘1984.’ Of course this re-education is modeled on that of Mao’s China.”
Kors tells us that political correctness or what many of us call ‘cultural Marxism’ is not yet the end of human liberty because it “...does not have [at present] power commensurate with its aspirations.” He explains that such power is, however, resident on university campuses, where political correctness reigns supreme.
Kors then warns that “...Thought reform is making its way inexorably to an office near you. If we let it oc-cur at our universities and accept it passively
about what a decision But this generation is m our own domains,
should be and then __•	«	t.°*____._.•	«	„	then a people who
rationalizing their de- Special. It IS potentially defeated totalitarians
cision by picking and	the ITlOSt QangerOUS	abroad will surrender
generation in our nation’s history.
choosing among a variety of cases, some of which would support almost	any	——-
decision...If you knew the beauty of Legal Realism and...Critical Legal Studies* which hold that law is basically what judges...say it is,...you would understand the Clintons’ attitude toward law and precedent...It’s not the Clintons fault. It’s our generation.”
The elites of that generation have come to power in America, as does every generation in its turn. But this generation is special. It is potentially the most dangerous generation in our nation’s history.
Examples abound. Speech codes on wm on Yak Law as revolutionary I our nation’s university and college playpen and safe house...we had also campuses have proliferated over the
past two decades. Alan C. Kors, a professor of history at the University of Pennsylvania, author of the best selll
Itaken over (be moral and intellectual control of the school from the once-mighty faculty...This, comrades, was ~Aalithing .[We were taught by]
no lusui uiuig .§	'	3—
prad ‘Fred the Red' RodelL Thom

mg book, The Shadow University: The Betrayal of Liberty on America’s
their dignity, privacy and conscience to the totalitarian within.” ■	Other	examples
are even more invasive in our private lives. Armed federal agents break down the door and invade the home of an American citizen before the break of dawn and use armed force to whisk away a six-year-old at gunpoint without a court order — endangering the lives of innocent relatives and their children in the process. Little Elian Gonzalez became the most recent victim of a Federal Government out of control (Wash. Times, Give me the boy or I’ll Shoot,’ pp.B2, 4/
23/00).
President Clinton’s personal lawyer in his Senate impeachment trial, Greg Craig, is the legal ‘front man’ for tne Federal agents who kidnapped this child.Thus, wc see the most dangerous Boomer of them all, President Clinton, as he has consistently demonstrated over the past seven years
54
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
continues to use lawyers and legal maneuvers to usurp the rule of law. Inside the Government, he has used his Attorney General, Janet Reno, to provide protective legal cover for his totalitarian actions.
Charles Krauthammer warns (Wash. Post,‘Beware a Clinton Arms Deal,’ pp.A27,4/21/00) that “While the country is fighting over a 6-year-old boy [Elian Gonzalez] in Florida, Clinton has quietly planned...to meet with Vladimir Putin...[to sign] an immense arms control agreement — die so-called Grand Compromise — in time for Clinton to leave a legacy...[this deal] would both decimate our offensive nuclear deterrent and cripple any future president’s ability to build an effective missile defense. It promises to be the worst arms control agreement in American history...arms control for the sake of arms control.”
A poet, the Secretary of Defense, assigns ‘sensitivity training’ for all military personnel (Wash. Post,‘Military Starts Sensitivity Training,’ pp.A8, 2/2/00) to emphasize ‘tolerance’ of the homosexual lifestyle in the uniformed sendees.
Homosexual activists conduct workshops, funded by the Federal Government and the Maryland State Department of Education (Workshop, Just the Facts — Sexual Orientation and Safe Schools,’ Wild Lake Interfaith Center, Columbia, MD, 4/1/00), carrying out an agenda of recruitment of homosexual youth under the guise of ‘tolerance/ Making our nigh schools ‘Safe for lesbian, gay and bisexual youth’ is their rallying cry, using ‘sensitivity training’ small-group encounter techniques to coerce unwary citizens.
A female Army General, famous for her New Age warfare concept of COOing (Consideration of Others), charges another General with ‘inappropriate touching* and sets off an investigation that destroys the alleged ‘toucher’s’ career.
On this, a USMA cadet at West Point ‘explains’ why COOing sets up an environment wherein unprovable accusations are harmful to the military (and to the larger society). He tells us, “...like many of my fellows, 1 came here to learn what it takes to lead men in combat and to become such a man that I would not fail them
on the battlefield...Rather than teach us character and a reverence for honesty and integrity, the Academy shoved COO down our throats. It expected us to “internalize” the honor code after classes that emphasized being good people who fear consequences more than becoming men whose word is our bond.”
Civilian ‘cultural Marxists’ are invited into the U.S. Naval Academy to set up a new ‘ethics’ curriculum in the Leadership Department so that our future core combat naval leadership can be indoctrinated ^ into accepting the
alien concept of Flag-rank naval offic-
“Dissatisfied younger Army officers are leaving the service in droves...Young officers are getting out because they feel out of touch with leadership.. .Many believe there needs to be a clean sweep of senior leadership...” trumpets an internal Army study (Wash. Post, ‘Younger Officers Quit Army at Fast Clip: Study finds Little Trust In Senior Leadership,’ pp.Al, 4/17/00). The internal study, leaked to the public via the Internet, concludes that “The overriding theme is that there is no trust in the senior leadership.” A great deal of the criticism ... to do with the
^men-in-combat. ers> who should know	#	01
The radical feminist - 7	t1	*	.	wrong, that the	Army
who designed the better, allow ullS trav- has turned into a po-
esty as well as the dumbing down of training and qualification standards at the Academy, at the
Nav’s boot camP>.in
traditional family naval aviation training,
(transcript, Dr. Nancy an(J the officer pro-Sherman on PBS-	.•
TV show, ‘Religion motion process.
and Ethics: Domes-
core academic ‘ethics’ curriculum there shills on national public television for a New York State domestic partners act which is destructive
tic Partners,* 5/29/98).
An involved person at the Naval Academy tells us that, “...What I think you might not be aware of is just how entrenched the ‘politically correct’ model is becoming here at USNA...[Name anonymous] [is] a man universally despised by the midshipmen and by those who are required to work with him. [We] are subject to his continual complaints against the lack of military leadership while he boasts of the two other jobs he holds while making nearly
1100,000	a year as a professor at
USNA.”
Flag-rank naval officers, who should know better, allow this travesty as well as the dumbing down of training and qualification standards at the Academy, at the Navy’s boot camp, in naval aviation training, and in the officer promotionprocess.
Flag-rank military officers in our armed forces lack the courage to stand on principle and save their service from the wreckage that is being wrought by the power elites of the Boomer generation.
litically correct social organization, instead of a war-fighting piganization...Because of gender integration [the PC term foist on us by the Pentagon spin machine to mean sex-integration, i.e. feminization] and homosexuals in the military, there is the |feeling that being a soldier is becoming less macho, less soldierly...Political correctness reigns; there are too many programs that appear to be in response to media scrutiny, such as training to be sensitive to gay men and lesbians.”
The report was an Army response to the fact that (The N.Y. Times, ‘Struggling to Fill Ranks, Army Moves to Hnd Ways to Keep Its Officers,’ pp.Al4, 4/18/00) “...figures show a continuing drop in the number of lieutenants and captains willing to make a career of the Army.” The report contradicted the conventional Pentagon wisdom, stating that “...the young officers [surveyed] were adamant that the Army should not blame a strong job market for their dissatisfaction.
The Air Force continues to lose pilots... even after offering them bonuses. The rate of pilot retention dropped to 41 percent in 1999 from 71 percent in 1997. The Navy said..."only 1 in 10 junior officers wanted to stay and become a commander.”
James Webb, former Secretary of
Vol. VI, No. 1
55
The RESISTER
thf Niw and • Marine combat vet- I lematic concepts; women-in-combat, etwi of tbe Vietnam War, answers the openly homosexual military person-quwrion (US. Naval Institute ‘Pro- nel, and affirmative action policies ceedingv pp.79, April 2000) “How which favor preferred grouos. The wncnw w the apparent gap between latter is exemplified by the U.S. Navy’s and military cultures?" He publicly stated policy for recruitment, tell? us, “When they [civilians] start retention, and promotion: 12 percent chartcteriting a military elite, and blacks, 12 percent Hispanic, 5 per-then carefully carve it away, the next cent Asian and 20 percent women.
is toog to be to carve the lead- James Webb was right. His ob-cn awav from their own troops. Just servation has come to pass. And we Witch.4	I have not yet caught on — we have
"Witch out for those civilian-de- not connected the dots. And there are tipped attitudinal surveys that go more dots to connect than Webb rec-rtnight to the troops. The intellec- ognizes. Let me explain.
«■! elites in this country want to say 1 Unless you are familiar with the HI the military elites don’t under- names Gramsd,Lukacs,Horkheimer, •bod their own troops; their troops I Marcuse, Fromm,■
powerful that it could not b. co^ tered even by the uie of fora’ And now, they are gone. Disappeared Al in an apparition. Some dead. Some repatriated to Germany after World War II ended. But their preience i. still felt.
These ‘phantom spirits/ while here, reached a strong bond with the elites of our nation’s potentially most dangerous generation — the idealistic Boomer generation—during their young adulthood in the mid-1960*. And the counter-culture revolution which the youthful Boomers spawned is being carried to completion in their adulthood. They are exemplified by Bill and Hillary and AlGore—the icons
have evolved as society has evolved, 1 Adomo, Reich,
H these intellectuals know whats Lewin you will be JfS conclusions did not of Ben Steins genen-for the military. That’s what’s unable to recognize	^	.i	tional	description	at
comt to h»ppm"	from where all of this	even mention the Yale.
going to happen.
And that is precisely what has happened. The Center for Strategic and international Studies (CSIS), a think tank beaded bjr civilians who formerly served in the Clinton administrations Bwtsgon, recently completed a two-year survey of 12,000 military personnel and used 125 focus groups to report on American Military Culture ® the 21st Century.’ Its conclusions not even mention the ‘feminiza-
«d
tion of the military culture in the IWOa as a major source of discontent m the ranks. In &ct, a major author of that study claimed (5 e-mails be-twaen me and COL Joseph Collins, USA (Ret.)) to have not even heard the void‘feminization’ from the troops dunogthe entire study. Of course, one doss not bear the term if it is considered ‘discriminatory* and therefore prejudiced and consequently does not appear in any of (he survey questions Mkad.
But that did not stop the CSIS from reporting over the needs of the active duty military officers directly to the FaoiagesLtht Clinton administration, and the public a cooveo* noual vadtai version of d* problem* id our military.'Of course, appearing nowhere ntfampst (WmpTiitmi, Army aumay (dull Fvniegon Beet officers spurn peacekeeping M as i/Woo) wese the four meet
rr ** * * 90— 4	'
vexing morale problems uu* eaua oamam mind usSwi udinq as sensitivity training' |M personnel to diange t tuse to accept the othat
stuff came. These ‘feminization’ of the	The seemingly dis-
names are not every- military Culture in the joint and unconnected day household names.	loan*.	„ ma:nl.	events, a lew ol
But they connect in a	1990s	as a major	which „e summa-
very direct way with SOUTCe of discontent in rized above, are the
the seemingly dispar:	the ranks. In fact, a	Er°AU_5L°/. J£!3
major author of that study claimed... to have not even heard the word ‘feminization’ from the troops during the entire study. Of course, one
ate and unconnected events summarized above.
These names are associated with the Frankfurt School/In-stitute of Social Research, a group of Marxists who emi-
Boomer ‘foot soldiers’ of the Frankfurt School gurus. We can now connect the dots more clearly. They
connect to us through every institution in the land: our universities, our K-12 public schools, our
grated from Germany «	*	*	.	'	_	_	lie scho|^
in 1933 to the United does not hear the terai churches, our mass
States and dispersed if it is considered ‘dis- media, our judicial to^jorUi*™Mes:	criminatory’.... 5r,,em’our
Columbia Teachers	*	tions, our neighbor-

nr II

00 lUAUIavy i UiflMB IMP
College, Brandeis, """""""""""""I Princeton, and the University of California at Berkeley. Kurt Lewin, although not a Frankfurt School guru, was closely associated with those who were. Lewin developed and perfected the ‘sensitivity training’ techniques, the extremely effective small-group en-Icounter methods being used on our military personnel —■ at all levels -toda^	■■
havior
tuques are being used throughout our society by the power elites of the Boomer generation, the ‘foot soldiers* of the Frankfurt School intellectuals sbo came here, dispersed, and spread their ideas of a 'quiet revolution.' rUsii revolution would be one so
less powerful psychological be a and attitude modification tech
hoods, our politics, and now our military — the next-to-iast institution to hold fast against this dark onslaught. The only institution they have not yet corrupted is our families — our homes, the last bastion of RESISTANCE against the utopian dream of the revolutionaries ‘enlightened Imagination.’
And now it appears that even our homes are vulnerable to attack by a totalitarian use of armed force in the darkness of the early dawn, e.g. the Elian Gonzalez kidnapping by the Federal Government. How could all of thie come about? Why are we -the American people to PASSIVE ui the face oi thie tyraiuiy?
Ws should not be surprised that namee of the Frankfurt School
the
$6
Voi. VI, No, l
The RESISTER
gurus are unknown to ua. Herbert | Marcuse’s (in)famous phrase, ‘Make Love, N ot War,’ during the anti-Vietnam War demonstrations of the ’60s is faintly remembered by some of us. But the rest are complete strangers.
1 was not aware of these names until about three years ago after having written the book, ‘The New Totalitarian!,’ and appearing on Bill Lind's excellent TV show, ‘Next Revolution.’ That book, written on the foundation of news reported in the Washington Post, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Washington Tunes and mainstream monthly periodicals and assorted books available from major publishing houses (primarily Susan Woodward’s excellent book, ‘Balkan Tragedy’) detailed the breakdown of authority in each of our institutions across the land over the past 30 years, and particularly during die 1990s. It dealt with the dilution and weakening of standards in each institution listed above, including the US. military.
And it was only after a reader of that book (completely sold out and now out of print, but under revision as a 2nd edition and available during 2001) called and asked if I had ever heard of the Frankfurt School. I told him that I had not. He suggested that I go to Borders Books aim buy Martin Jay’s The Dialectical Imagination.’ It turned out to be a historical account of the Frankfurt School, written by the Chairman of the History Department at the University of California at Berkeley.
After reading that book, it was easy for me to understand the agenda of the Frankfurt School gurus. By then, I had written two books that documented the results of what these intellectuals had fomented in our culture — without even knowing of their existence. The second book, From Trust to Terror: Radical Feminism is Destroying the U.S. Navy/ is a case study related to the first, a generalization over the entire culture, in which a mid-level commissariat nearly gave a failed female naval aviation candidate her coveted Navy wings of gold without having completed the fright syllabus.
But even then, it took me two full years for the Frankfurt School agenda to folly register with my real luc experiences as opposed to what 1 had
read from mainstream published accounts in newspapers, periodicals, and books. It was only when I connected my real life experiences with what I came to understand about the agenda of these revolutionaries that I began to connect the dots. Each of us has such experiences, all different, but all real. And they all connect — if you know about the Frankfurt School; who they were, where they came from, what they believed, what their agenda was — the destruction of Western civilization.
Mine connected through my early education experience as a student in a teachers’ college, experiences with the education of my chu-dren, and more recently, experiences with the education of my grandchildren.
Since much of the agenda of the Frankfurt School intellec-
cation professors, conservative university presidents, religious conservative professors, flag-rank military officers of past generations, liberal government officials and analysts, liberal arms control leaders, U.S. Naval Academy Superintendents, and conscientious naval officers.
These persons are not ‘cultural Marxist’ ‘foot soldiers’ of the Frankfurt School intellectuals. Some of them are, however, members of the Boomer generation. All are, nevertheless, ‘connected’ to the agenda of those Boomer ‘foot soldiers.’They are connected by the process of unintended consequences, the foundation of a ______chaos theorv ap-
proach to explaining
tuals was to carry
Your real life experiences will also connect to the results of the agenda of the Frankfurt School revolu-
what is going on in our American culture.
Each of these persons, acting in tneir own best interests, contributed to the events described
their revolution into tionarieS. They will be above.These interests
the mainstream different from mine. I through the educa- g f ^	^ connect.
tion of Americas 11M	«
children, these expe-	Why? Because the
riences began to reso- revolutionary agenda
nate connect the was directed at every dots—with my own .	..	.	.	•	j
personal life experi- institution in OUr land.
ences. They are real. ——
They exist. And they connect in direct ways with the results of the agenda of the Frankfurt School revolutionaries — and through their ‘foot soldiers,’ the power elites of the idealistic Boomer generation.
Your real life experiences will also connect to the results of the agenda of the Frankfurt School revolutionaries. They will be different from mine. But they will connect. Why?
Because the revolutionary agenda was directed at every institution in our land. And you have real life experiences in many of them.
You will not know the names of those in my real lift experiences, just as you probably never heard the names of the Frankfurt School gurus.
A few of my names are: Anspach,
Poor, Wooo, Resnick, Molandsr,
Henkin, Graham, Boecker, Freeman,
Larson, Edney, Ryan, Genuleas,
Kehoe. This group is comprissd of well-intentioned and competent edu-
are in no way the same as those of the revolutionaries. Many of those interests have absolutely no connection to the ‘cultural Marxist’ agenda. In fact, many ■	— of their interests are
diametrically opposed to those of the counter-culture revolutionaries who are now in power in every institution in America.
Tneir interests, however, interact with the revolutionary agenda of the Frankfurt School intellectuals and their ‘foot soldiers,’ the elites of the Boomer generation in ways that are never transparent but which are real Thus, these names from my real life experiences interact with the agenda of the now-aging (but still adolescent) counter-culture revolutionaries, the ‘foot soldiers’ of the Frankfurt School gurus in ways that are equally opaque but which are real and effective.
These people seldom realize the connection between their decisions, their actions, and their credos and those of the revolutionaries. But they act in a climate that forces their decisions to interact with the agenda of the Frankfurt School gurus. This is the chaos theory approach to explain-
Vol, VI, No. 1
57
iAg the events lilted above. This approach is scientific. It is real. It has great explanatory, but not predictive, power. It allows us to penetrate to the truth of what has occurred.
And if one believes that cycles of history are repetitive in general terms (i.e. in a periodic stable equilibrium), then one can in general terms formulate a ‘near-prediction of the future — as long as the cycles continue to be preserved. That is, one can make a ‘near-prediction of the future (in general terms of the past) if the ‘constant of complexity’ is unchanged. That is the beauty of the Chaos Theory approach to explaining the phenomenon of American Civilization.
My names represent a few of those who provided the underpinning for the feats of those who have more familiar names: Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, Kissinger, Zumwalt, Boorda, and McCain to name a few. My names are connected to the more ‘famous* names in the same manner that I have described above. Each of these individuals has contributed to the events listed above in some known and important way. These people are not cultural Marxists/ Most of them are not even Boomers. But they are complidt, in their own way, acting in their own best interests, in the dilemmas that confront us, by their actions and their failure to act. Many could at least have stemmed the tide of the counter-culture revolution that is still raging across the land — across the broad spectrum of our nations institutions. But they did not speak up. They did not take action. They remained PASSIVE.
At another level, all of us are complidt for the dilemmas that we fare. At a minimum, we are complidt by not recognizing the dangers that lurk and failing to connect our own real life experiences with a description of the agenda of the Frankfurt School gurus who came to America for the express purpose of destroying Western civilization.
As a result of my connection, through real lived experience with the byproducts of the Frankfurt School’s tevobtiosMsyaganda, 1 have conducted research into their history and the details of their psycho-logical techniques for changing our world view.
1 published two essays in the ‘Re sifter/ the Political Warfare journal
of the Special Forces Underground, which described the FYankfurt School agenda and how it interacted with another strand in the cultural fabric of American civilization — radical feminism. Both of those essays,‘Who Placed American Men in a Psychic Iron Cage: the Radical Feminist Thread/ and Who Placed American Men in a Psychic Iron Cage: the ‘cultural Marxist* Thread/ are available for downloading, free of charge, on my Web Site, http:// www.newtotalitarians.com. They are the beginnings of a chaos theory explanation of what we see around us in our American culture — a culture that appears to be disintegrating on a vast scale.
I continued to research the origin of the psychological techniques with which we are being manipulated to accept	“
a world view alien to
consciously “feminize" our once proud, strong military.
The technioues used to corrupt and passify our officer corps are quite similar to the indoctrination techniques used by the Chinese on captured American GIs during tne Korean War.
There is a tight parallel in the techniques being used on the American people to accept these alien concepts (women-in-combat, the homosexual agenda, and affirmative action which provides special privileges to ‘preferred’ groups) to the reeducation or indoctrination techniques used by the Chinese on our Korean War prisoners of war to render them PASSIVE.
Allegedly, the mostly young, poorly trained and uneducated GIs performed questionably —— during their imprisonment by the Chi-
our heritage. I wrote But they RTC complicity nese. The alleged a report (“Sensitivity in their own way, act- misconducted by
Training and the‘So- W in their own best “P*"” cialization of the U.S. . . °	corded in the exten-
Military,” 10/1/99) lnterestS, in the dllem- give debriefings of the
which traces the ori- mas that confront US, soldiers upon their
by their actions and return. ^These reports
€	#	ha(w^«Ka fnA mdnr-
their failure to act.
gins of these psychological techniques from the beginning of the behavioral science movement by Wilhelm Wundt at the University of Liepzig in the 1890s to the present. This includes the seminal role played by Kurt Lewin, the father of ‘sensitivity training* in the U.S., in infusing his T-group or small-group encounter techniques into the secondary teaching profession and in U.S. corporations.
In addition, I distributed a video entitled, “From Tailhook *91 to Karl Marx *99,” which is a visual display of a speech I gave at a conference sponsored by the Doctors for Disaster Preparedness in Seattle, WA in June 1999. This video reveals how the Tailhook ‘scandal* was manipulated by radical feminists to provide the tactical means of opening the military to accept women- in-combat, and, eventually, to embrace the homosexual agenda.
The drastic plunge in military morale during the 1990s is directly unked to a purging of real “warriors" from the ax med I forces. This purge started in the aftermath of theiauhook *91 I scandal and continues today as we
describ^hc^jindocl
___________ -edu-
"	cation"	methods used
by the Chinese.
Today, our senior military leadership doesn’t recognize that this approach is being used to gain acceptance of the “feminization" of our nation’s combat arms.
Regardless, these high-ranking military leaders are morally responsible for their failure to resist. In the face of our knowledge of the Korean War POW experience, they have no excuse for their lack of resistance.
These same behavior modification techniques used on the American people and our military have been perfected over the years and used in our teacher training programs and in our universities during the past 30 years, and so they offer no surprises. These techniques are being used every day, in nearly every walk of our lives. These attempts to change the world view of the populace have become mainstream in America.
Most Americans have not yet recognized that these methods are morally corrupt. Few know that they
58
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
mvt a revolutionary agenda — the destruction of American civilization.
These techniques, applied by the Chinese, worked on our Korean War POWs. According to the best data available: Only 5 percent RE-1 SISTED the enemy indoctrination;! 15 percent were consistent, dedicated, hard-core COLLABORATORS with the enemy, The other 80 percent were rendered “PASSIVE by their captors’ ‘sensitivity training’ methods and stood for nothing but their own survival.
The Chinese indoctrination methods are strikingly similar to the methods now incorporated in the sensitivity training that is given to our military personnel by professional ‘facilitators.’ These methods were developed in the United States by Kurt Lewin during and immediately after World War it. Hi* disciples, utilizing his T-group, small-group encounter techniques, are legion in this country today. They are called ‘facilitators’ or ‘change agents/ This process seems to be as effective in feminizing our military* promoting the homosexual agenda, and carrying out affirmative action programs as it was in breaking down the resistance of our Gls while in Chinese captivity.
What do we learn from the Korean War POW experience?
(1)	We learn that small, peer pressure encounter groups — using ‘sensitivitytraining’ techniques — are very effective in breaking one’s resistance to conform to another’s will.
(2)	We learn that those 80 percent of individuals who were rendered PASSIVE under the enemy’s indoctrination program, had little knowledge of our country’s history, heritage and unique place in the panorama of nations in history.
(3)	We learn that many of these young men (18 to 24 years old) were simply not hardened to the real world. That is, according to one of the ex-POWs,"socne American mothers had given their sons everything in the world, except a belief in themselves, their culture, and their manhood. They had, some of them, sent their sons out into a wodd with tigers without telling them that there were tigers, and with no moral armament.1*
And when they were placed in the hands of a brutal, ruthless, barbaric enemy, they had nothing to sustain
them — nothing to prepare them for survival in a land or ‘tigers/
(4)	We learn that many of those in the passive 80 percent were not their brother’s keeper. That is, they did not have a strong Christian morality.
Anyone alive in America today will recognize these same failures rampant across our culture. We are being manipulated by our power elites toward the same end.
The purpose of their social engineering? To slowly but surely replace our constitutional republic, handed down to us by our Founding Fathers, with a socialist utopia of their own ‘enlightened imagination/
We reject recognition of these parallels at our peril.
CONCLUSION
While winning the Cold War abroad, we were slowly and almost imperceptibly, losing the culture war at home to ‘cultural Marxism.’ In fact, we are so far behind that many have thrown their hands up in despair — and surrendered. They have been rendered PASSIVE.
The Frankfurt School intellectuals would have been only a footnote to history had they _____ not captured the
among human beings, in the legal, civil, domestic benefits, and quasi-religious re-definition of marriage, even in the deviant re-definition of our sexual relationships and practices. All are under attack in a transparent attempt to destroy the American family. And recently, given the Elian Gonzalez case, our homes are not even safe from armed intrusion by the Federal Government and the kidnapping of a young child without a court order. What occurred in Miami is only a portent of America’s future under the rule of the power elites of the Boomer generation.
But there is hope. We must fight for the hearts and minds of the Millenial Generation — the generation which will nominally come of age in the 2020 time frame. We must find RESONANCE within the other living generations, the Civic Gls (who are dying off fast), the Silent (who have acted as ‘enablers’ for the destructive Boomer power elites), the ‘other’ Boomers (me rest of the 79 million who are not of the power elite), and the 13ers (the X-genera-tion) to hold the elite Boomers back, to arrest their destructive impulses until the next Civic generation, the Millenials, come of age.
We must RESIST. We must struggle to win the hearts and minds ____ of our grandchildren
or it is all over. The
imagination and The U.S. military is the Anglo-American
kouI. of the counter- penultimate institution wywiu disintegrate culture Boomer r	,	_	«	T	from within as did
elites as they came- t© COme under attack* It the ancient Greek
of-age in the mid- is being destroyed from empire (within 53 1960s. Now these	top-down.	Jshor^earsaftei^
‘foot soldiers’ of the Frankfurt School gurus are the elites of the idealistic Boomers who have taken power in every American institution.
The U.S. military is the penultimate institution to come under attack. It is being destroyed from the top-down. Just the opposite direction that has corrupted every other venerable institution in the land.
And, now, the last American institution to resist this onslaught — our families, are under attack. Our families are under attack on all fronts: in the education of our children, in the re-definition of the family to include all kinds of atypical, non-tradi-tional, and abnormal relationships
came under attack by Roman legions) and as did the Roman empire after the golden years of Marcus Aurelius (circa 120-180 A.D.) as his son, the degenerative Commodus, led it to the dissipation that resulted in its surrender to the barbarians from the north over the next 100 years.
Yes, we have time. But not much. It is all up to those of us who see the magnitude of the problem and are willing to risk our reputations, our fortunes, our families, and our lives if necessary (as did the Founding Fathers) to preserve the most precious experiment with democracy in the history of mankind, a constitutional republic — based on a foundation of
Christianity — which recognizes the imperfectibility of man and the inequality' of men but inches slowly toward wnat can be achieved in practice, given these real life constraints, without destroying itself.
A constitution that recognizes God as the grantor of our inalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. God, the grantor of our ultimate equality. That is, the equality of access to the Christian concept of salvation and eternal life.
A constitution that provides four cardinal ‘point* of the compass,* of which we are reminded by Balint Vazsonyi {Americas 30-Years War: Who is Winning?, Regnery):
*	The rule of law (applicable to every citizen, regardless of rank or status. The Constitution guarantees only this one secular equality — equality in the eyes of the law. It does not guarantee equality of outcomes — a concept that is inconsistent with the nature of man.)
*	Individual freedom and rights (not group rights)
*	The right to private property (ownership does not revert upon death to the ruler or the state)
*	A common American identity (not a ‘hyphenated-American’ identity).
The right to preserve these uniquely American ideals will require RESISTANCE, across every facet of our lives, to the agenda of the Frankfurt School gurus as it is being carried out by their New Age ‘foot soldiers/ the power elites of the Boomerreneration.
The fight is up to each of us individually. Are you a RESISTER? A COLLABORATOR? Or are you PASSIVE? If you are not one of the RESISTER group, you arc part of the problem, it's up to you. The future of our precious American civilisation is in your hands.
This article is reprinted from the Sep/Oct 2000 issue of the Eternal Vigilance journal with permission of its publisher* Atkinson Associates Press, P.O. Boa 1417, Clinton, MD 2073$.
Canadian Issues Series
The Quest of “Equality** by Prof. Kenneth H. W. Hilborn - How fanatics try to remake human nature, from the guillotine to employment equity. $6.00
Belize: Anatomy of a Multiracial Society by Robert Jarvis - Not encouraging. Belize is a conspicuous failure. $5.00
Confronting the Canadian Anti-Life Network by Dr. Brian Clowes -Special section exposing the censorship tactics of B’nai B’rith. $3.00
Heredity and Humanity: Race, Eugenics and Modem Science by Dr. Roger Pearson - Intellectual giants for 100 years favored measures to improve Western man. Shows how disastrously wrong current social policy is. $15.00
Free Speech Monitor (10 times a year). - Published by the Canadian Association for Free Expression. This timely newsletter deals with threats to freedom in expression in Canada, thought crimes trials, the depredations of the politically correct, and the activities of minority censors. $15.00
Many more titles available:
Citizens for Foreign Aid Reform Inc. (C-FAR)
PO Box 332, Rexdale, Ontario, M9W 5L3 Ph: (905) 897-7221; Fax: (905) 277-3914
Fact, Fiction, & Fraud
in Modern Medicine...
Readers of the RESISTER may wish to stay abreast of the decline of medicine. Yes, there is a rapidly worsening state of affairs in Health care. As in the case of defense and the preparedness of the Armed Forces, Medicine is in decay. What are the facts? How is this coming about? Is the New-World-Order crowd responsible?
To stay in touch with these problems you need to subscribe to:
Fact; Fiction	Fraud in Modern Medicine
by Thomas Dorman MD. This is the one newsletter which studies the relationship of Medicine to our culture and civilization. It takes one topic at a time, monthly. An in-depth study of the philosophy and science...
You will also rind information on what has become called: ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE. It should really be called Hippocratic Medicine.
To subscribe:
Send $69.95 for one year; $127 for two years to:
Dorman Publications 216 Railroad Avc. N.
Kent, WA 98032
Inquiries bv E mail to: ldornian<g>nwlinL.co«n Visit our web site: hliB^www.dorinaiipub.co^
60
Vol. VI, No. I
The RESISTER
THE IRVING-LIPSTADT TRIAL
*>y
Dr. Ingrid Rimland
Introduction
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
In 1988, the world-famous his torical author David Irving appeared in a Canadian court to testify to what he believed was true.
He cast doubt upon one aspect of the Holocaust® story. (We at The Resister have taken to referring to the Holocaust® as a “registered trademark" of organized Jewry.)
Irvine’s life has not been the same since. Organized Tewry has acted against him relentlessly, destroying ms career, his credibility, even his honor, and having him barred as a criminal from most of the countries whose governments are thoroughly dominated by lews — Germany, Austria, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. (Jews in the United States are diligently “wiring around" the Fust Amendment with their Hate Crime™ laws and Hate Speech™ designations.)
Tne Holocaust® story must be believed, or the entire extortion racket falls into ruin. There is no religion, much less mere “historical fact, belief in which must be enforced by every means, up to and including banishment and imprisonment.
As Dr. Rimland reports, “Professor W. D. Rubenstein of Australia [said],* If the Jewish Holocaust® can be shown to be a Zionist myth, then the strongest of all weapons in Israel’s propaganda armory collapses.”*
The Holocaust® is a weapon in the propaganda armory of a foreign power, Israel. It is also the key to extorting unending billions of dollars from Europe and the United States.
Tnat is why you “must" believe every tiny detail of this story <1 else'
David Irving sought to prove in a British court that he was being destroyed by a global cabal of Jewish groups.
Tne judge had no comment on the truth or falsehood of anything to do with the Holocaust® — he wanted no part of that! He	_
stated that the defendants had indeed defamed Irving, but then he simply chose to agree with the un-
pals "...like an ill-fitting shoe" and, by inference, move back to where the real money, applause and accolades were waiting.
But I said to myself, “And yet for almost ten years, with robustness and untiring ardor, this man has plowed ahead as a “Revisionist” of sorts - and gone where angels fear to tread." I put the auestion to him bluntly: Was it true that he was thinking about jumping ship? Was it true that he was waffling?
Many thought that it would happen - that Irving would abandon the intellectually fascinating, yet difficult and dangerous-to-life-and-limb movement known as “Holocaust Denial.”
And small wonder. What happened to the once legendary “brown Rolls Royce lifestyle as a result of Irving’s proximity to “Holocaust Denial” could not have been much fun. In a recent interview, German-Canadian Human Rights activist, Ernst Ziindel, described it
or
Organized Jewry has acted against him re-lentlessly, destroying defined, politically- his career, his credibil-c h a ,5. 6 ity, even his honor, and
name-calling, lhis ,	,	,
led him to dismiss having him barred as a
consideration of the criminal from most of
actual damage done ^le countries whose by the Jewish cam-	.	.«	ZSBflB
paign of personal de- governments^ are
jP* vividly:
struction directed OUghly dominated by “You have to un-against Irving — the	Jews....	derstand this about
heart of a libel case.	J ______________ David Irving: He
Those experi- ^ enced in these matters were not at all surprised. They knew what the judge faced, had he found for the plaintiff —demonization, ostracism, denial of his own honors....
Background
Ai
bout two years ago, I had dinner with the British best-sell jng author, David Irving, who is known as the “Reluctant Revisionist” - a nickname coined by Dr. Robert Faurisson of France, Europe’s most distinguished scholar on Holocaust Debunking matters.
There was some tension at that dinner. I had the distinct feeling; that Irving wasn’t happy about being in our company. I knew he had been quoted in a none-too-flattering passage in a recent book, authored by a Jewess writer, that just as soon as it was feasible, he would dump his Revisionist
never volunteered to be a martyr for the cause. That isn’t in his nature. He himself has repeatedly stated that he was no expert on the ‘Holocaust.’ As he told a Ha’aretz journalist recently, he found the topic is ‘endlessly boring.’ The world was Irving’s oyster before he stubbed his toe on the Holocaust Truth.”
David Irving has been labeled a “Holocaust Denier" entirely by the Holocaust Lobby, thanks to their vicious, relentless attacks against him. Prior to 1988, he was a rich and famous man - probably one of the top five internationally lauded and eminently successful mainstream writers on World War II events and personalities. He was a celebrity in his own right long before he walked into that courtroom in Toronto in 1988 and, as an acknowledged expert on documentary evidence regarding World War II, testified for the Ziindel Defense about the Leuchter Report -convinced by Leuchter s findings that
Vol. VI, No. 1
61
no gas chamber* for the execution of prisoner* existed in Auschwitfc.
In it* February 2000 isiue, the Atlantic Monthly ran a cover story summary, titled "The Holocaust on TVial? , written by D. D. Guttenplan: "In Courtroom 37 of the Royal Courts of justice, in London, a judge of the Queens Bench is presiding over the matter of David Irving v. Penguin Books Ltd. and Deborah Lipstadt. Lipstadt has called Irving 'one of the most dangerous spokesman for Holocaust denial "Irving, who speaks of the Holocaust as 'an ill-fitting legend,’ is suing Lipstadt on grounds of libel. In effect [Guttenplan writes], [Irving] is seeking to put not just Lipstadt but the Holocaust itself on trial - an effort in which he will receive considerable help from British libel law."
Ztlndel commented about this trial:
“My predictions... have come true. Irving is being dragged, however much he might dislike it, into that mental ward of the 'Holocaust’ - the realm where psychopaths play their cruel mind and number games. In that London courtroom, David Irving stands alone. None of the court-tested, battle-hardened ‘Holocaust Denial’ veterans of the Holocaust trials of yesteryear are there — not because they were not prepared to come and to help in whatever capacity; they are not there because David Irving has stated that he is not a ‘Holocaust Denier’ and does not want 'Holocaust Denier*’ near him."
Irving, an indefatigable sleuth of primary documents pertaining to the Hitler era, has spent his entire writing career unearthing hitherto unknown facets of historical truth - | often under painful circumstances. A man of a flamboyant nature, he spoke out on many an occasion when it would have been wise for him to be silent. As could have been expected, he soon acquired enemies who tried to destroy his career. In the end, Irving derided to sue Deborah Lipstadt and Penguin Books for libel over the 1994 book D*nyinr/b* Hoioiamt: Tbt GrcninngAuamf unTrutb and Mctnvry. This volume, widely read and cited in politically correct environs as the Bible Against Holocaust Denial, <dftj|ryis that Irving has, "denied that the Nazis used gas chambers to ex-
terminate the lews;" “holds extremist views;” and "distorts history.”
Many Irving watchers, focusing their gaze on the dramatically unfolding Irving-Lipstadt trial, thought it would be interesting to find out how Lipstadt, who holds the Dorot Chair in Modern Jewish and Holocaust Studies at Emory University in Atlanta, intended to prove, or even define, those three rather nebulous individual charges reeking of political	“
correctness. Under Britain’s libel law, a claimant needs merely to prove that
paying her, Prof. Lipstadt had not even mentioned Mr. Irving in her completed book. The First Defendants published the work.
"Tne work attacks the Plaintiff both ad hominem and as an historian, depicting him as a neo-Nazi who has knowingly distorted and manipulated the historical record in pursuit of a political agenda. (...)
“It is appears however, from the
______________ Defendants’	plead-
ings, that they:
1.	intend to offer no defence on libels (...)
2.	intend to con-
Under Britain’s libel law, a claimant needs merely to prove that
his reputation has his reputation has been centrate their court-
been damaged — j r %	  -	room effort primarily
truth not even being	truth	not	on restating in ex-
a defense. The case, even being a defense, which was to be heard by a judge,
with Irving representing himself, was expected to last three months.
David Irving’s website carried this by way of introduction:
“Tne Plaintiff is described as David Irving, a British author of about thirty works of history, published by respected mainstream UK and international publishers since 1963, and accorded the widest attention in the popular and serious press. He has been called one of the most widely read historians in the English language. His books are widely quoted as references by other* including Her Majesty’s Government’s official historians. Until about 1993 he had access to every country in the world and their archives, including the former communist countries.
“Disaffected by his findings, various British and international organisations, primarily of the Jewish communities, began in the 1970s to make overt and covert attempts to destroy the plaintiff’s career by robbing him and his works of their legitimacy. They also secretly sought to nave him physically barred from other countries and their archives.The Second Defendant [Prof. Lipstadt] made herself the willing executioner of this campaign, accepting a fee to insert Mr. Irving's name and works into a manuscript that she had written analysing the people whom she calls the Holocaust deniers/ an odious phrase which she herself claims to have coined; until thus instructed by those
haustive, tedious and confusing detail the historical record, as it is known today, on the persecution of the Jews by the Nazis and their collaborators.
“The Plaintiff will resist any attempt to use the court room to refight World War II, or to rewrite the history of that war."
T
Fat chance!
oday’s courtrooms are contemporary ideological battle fields - and as such, crucially important for the precedents they carve. Even so, they are poor places to discuss and debate controversial issues of history, because defendants and prosecutors frequently chafe under, and are hampered by, rules and requirements imposed by legal procedures. One should think of political trials as very restricted, stilted debates, supervised by a moderator who has absolute power to dismiss virtually any argument or document — a man called a judge.
Judges too, are products of “prevailing views” imposed by “educators,” politicians and the media. In Nazi Germany it would have been that the Jews were a huge problem for the well-being of the nation. In Stalin’s Russia it would have been that capitalists were evil and the proletarian masses were good.
Anyone accused of "denial" or “revisionism" never faces an impartial judge or a “jury of his peer* “ He is
62
Vol. VI, No, 1
always faced with people whose mind-set was formed oy his enemies. That was the fate of noted Revisionists such as Dr. Faurisson, Fred Leuchter, FVedrick Tfiben, Germarl Rudolf, John Demianjuk and FVank | Wahis. That was tne case for Ernst Zttndel in Canada in every “Holocaust* trial and hearing since 1981. And so it would be for David Irving, even though, in this trial, he was the complainant and not the accused.The media would soon forget that — and so, it turned out, would the judge.
Said Zttndel in a recent interview: “My trials then, and the Irving trial now, have one main thing in common — in both cases it was aggressive, mouthy, headline-seeking women who talked the Jewish com-mumtyinto these, for them, disastrous trials. The fallout will be something wiser Jewish leaders will regret — just as they did in Canada. This trial will give Irving a platform. The media will be his megaphone.”
Backdrop: The David Irving Bombshell at die Zttndel Trial in Canada
In early 1988, on the anniversary of the founding of Bismarck s German empire, the Second Great Holocaust Trial began against the German Human Rights activist, Ernst Zttndel, in Canada, who was accused of “spreading false news” for having published a fateful pamphlet titled Did Six Million Really Die} The story itself is complex and bias spanned many decades and many trials and courtrooms. Suffice it to say that Ernst Zttndel, widely vilified as Canada's worst “Neo-Nazi," triumphantly introduced the witness Fred Leuchter and his Leuchter Report to the Court in Toronto. This forensic report challenged the “gassings in Auschwitz." Two days later, David Irving, the famous British historian — who until then had firmly believed in the standard, orthodox Holocaust story — took the stand in Toronto as the last witness for the Zttndel defense.
Irving stood in court and bravely teetifieoDefbre a dozen reporters that the Leuchter Report would change the face of history — that anybody ignoring Leuchters findings and sub
sequent laboratory results "...would not be writing history but merely repeating propaganda.
Says Zttndel, reminiscing:
"Tnejudge, the prosecution, the present Jewish leadership, media in tow, were thunderstruck. The silence in that courtroom crackled with electricity. This happened on the very day that Irvings New York agents were negotiating the paperback rights of one of his books with a Jewish publishing house... there stood a man who had a spine. Irving realized the impact and potential power of this histori-
A
Holy smoke!
s this trial revealed to a gasping lapdog media audience, in ,1997 Irving — never loathe to mince his words — wrote a disrespectful passage in his voluminous and detailed “Radicals Diary* about the people he routinely calls Our Traditional Enemy: “They clamor ‘Ours! Ours! Ours!’ when hoards of gold are uncovered. And then when anti-Semitism increases and the inevitable
cal Leuchter Report “I don’t SCe any reason mindless pogroms
tha( buried the gas	b	tastefilf	about
chamber myth with A t	T	,	t	t
verifiable forensic AuSOlWltZ. It S balo-
data.”	ney. It’s a legend. Once
Leuchter's and ^ admit tfie fact that Irvings testimony .	f	t	t	t
were the culmination It was a brutal slave la~
of the 1988 Zttndel bor camp and a large
Trial. The Leuchter number of people Old
Report, controversial ,.	. r r
from die start, became	as large num-
an instant under- bers of people died
ground bestseller, elsewhere in the war	_
translated into many	«	*	«•	.	prion	lne	qu
languages. It sold mil- —why believe the rest which would] lions of copies all over of the baloney? I say the world. And ever quite tastelessly, in
since Irving testified n z. ^	.
and put hh stamp of feet, that more women approval on the pio- died on the back seat
by saying, to put it than ever died in a gas bluntly, Slat the tra-	chamber in I
ditional Holocaust	A	”
story is bunk.	Auschwitz. |
In a speech to an audience in Calgary, Alberta in September of 1991, Irving is purported to have said, as quoted back to him in cross-examination by Rampton,
Counsel for the Lipstadt Defense:
“I don't see any reason to be tasteful about Auschwitz. It’s baloney. It’s a legend. Once we admit the fact that it was a brutal slave labor camp and a large number of people did die — as large numbers of people died elsewhere in the war — why believe the rest of the baloney? 1 say quite tastelessly, in fact, that mors women died on the back seat of Edward Kennedy’s car at Chappaquiddick than ever died in a gas chamber in Auschwitz."
[occur, they ask with genuine surprise [Why us?”*
In a November 8, 1998 video, taped in pre-production for “Mr Death,” he is said to have told Errol Morris, Jewish producer of this documentary detailing the Leuchter expedition ten years prior: “The question |con-cem me, if I were a Jew, is not who pulled the trigger, but why? Why are [Jews] disliked? Is it
are le o-
bal scale. You have been disliked for
3,000	years and yet you never seem to ask 1	what	is at the root of
this dislike... no sooner do you arrive as a people in a new country, then within 50 years you are already being disliked all over again. Now, what is it? And I don’t know the answer to this. Is it built into our microchip?"
"It [is] not just a 'nudge, nudge, wink, wink’ dislike but on a visceral, guts-wrenching, murderous level, mat no sooner ao [Jews] arrive than [they] are being massacred, and beaten, and brutalised and imprisoned, until [they] have to move on somewhere else ... 1 would say that they’re a clever race. 1 would say that as a race they are better at making
Vol. VI, No. I
63
The RESISTER
money than I am. That's a racist remark. of course. But they appear to he better at making money than I am. If I were going to be crude, I would say not only are they better at making money, but they are greedy.”
Asked in court about such remarks by Mr. Rampton, attorney for the defense, Irving explained: sIn my own clumsy way I am trying to find out why we don't like mem. It’s a very coherent expression of the anti-Semitic tragedy. I am putting myself in the skin of a person asking questions about a dever people.”
Whereupon Mr Rampton, for the defence, put it to Irving this way:
"Every time there is a pogrom or gassing or machine-gunning into a pit, it's entirely the Jews’ fault because some of them are very good at play-1 ing the piano and making money?
Irving: “That’s a childish oversimplification... 1 am not a racist. I haven’t seen a single coloured person on your team behind you.”
Questioned as to why he had said in a Florida speech a few years ago that he found the Holocaust story “boring,” Irving had a haughty answer:
“I think 95 per cent of the thinking public find the Holocaust boring by now but don’t say it because its politically incorrect. What other expression is there for the fact that it’s all the Jews go on about now? There have been me most incredible episodes in Jewish history but all you hear of in films and so on of late is the Holocaust."
The quotes above, hauled forth by the Lipstadt defense to show that Irving is an anti-Semite, a bigot and a racist, at times became out and out comical — and the media ran with them. In a recent London Times article by British j oumalist Michael Horsnell titled, “Diary reveals Irving's ode to Aryans” the courtroom spectators ana reporters learned that Mr Irving “...took his baby daughter Jessica out for a walk near their home in London. According to the diary, he had been singing her e ditty beginning (with) my name is Baby Jessica’ wien ’half-breed’ children were wheeled past them in their prams, and he changed the words to something more scurrilous' which began: 1 am a Baby Aryan.1"
Here’s Irving's “ditty" that the
Lipstadt defense used to shore up the orthodox Holocaust story:
I am a Baby Aryan Not Jewish or sectarian I have no plans to marry an Ape or Rastafarian.
The media were having a field day. In the English language, international edition of the Ha’aretz:, the most important international Israeli newspaper, correspondent Tom Segev, author of “The Seventh Million, recorded on February 5,2000:
“British historian says that, had the Jews not been allowed to set up a state in Palestine but were sent to Madagascar instead, as pro- ________
posed in the plan hel attributes to Nazi Germany, ‘the world would be a happier place.
“Asked where all the Jews that he claims the Nazis did not murder disap-| peared to, Irving said: ■ lhe fact is there are Jews everywhere. That’s how they are. They always pop up again, everywhere. Maybe they changed their names to Israeli names.’
“...Jews should ask themselves why they are hated so much, and always have been, everywhere. ‘What is it in them that generates this hatred?’They would do well to think about that. There is no doubt that they are hated today in part because of all the ‘Holocaust propaganda’ they are constantly spreading. It’s become impossible to open a newspaper or see a television program these days without coming across the Holocaust. Holocaust, Holocaust, everywhere Holocaust. The Holocaust has ‘hijacked’ all the media, all of Western culture. The world is fed up with it. People are losing their patience and are liable to resort to acts of violence against Jews. If the Jews don’t stop, they can expect a genuine Holocaust.
...I quickly realized
that courts have become the modern battlefields of the mind, of ideas, of history itself...
B
It he, or it he not, a Holocaust Denier”?
•ing branded a Holocaust denier, argued Irving, was “...like a verbal Yellow Star." He
stated furthermore: “The word ‘denier' is particularly evil, because no person in full command of his mental faculties, and with even the slightest understanding of what happened in World War II, can deny that the tragedy actually happened, however much we dissident Historians may wish to quibble about the means, the scale, the dates.”
In his opening statement and elsewhere, Irving repeatedly and rather ambivalently insisted that he would show that “far from being a Holocaust denier,” his work had attention to major aspects of the Holocaust: “I am not a Holocaust Denier. I am a Gas Chamber Denier.” He charged _______ that Lipstadt and her
publisher were part of “an organized international endeavor” to destroy his career “By virtue of the activities of the defendants... I have since 1996 seen one fearful publisher after an-■ ■ ■ ■■ — other falling away from me, declining to reprint my works, refusing to accept new commissions and turning their backs on me... Such is the nature of the odium that has been generated by the waves of hatred recklessly propagated against me by the defendants. In short, my pension has vanished."
Ztlndel, who likewise lost a lucrative graphic art business after he locked horns with the Holocaust Lobby, wrote in his February 2000 Power letter:
“1 can understand and fully appreciate Irving’s reluctance to get involved in the sadomasochistic, banal, ethno- and Tudeo-centric minutiae and collected hallucinations of mentally ill people, brazen liars and con-men who make up the scaffold onto which all too many so-called ‘Holocaust scholars’ hang their fanciful tales and careers.
“1 hated my own trials and the tiring preparations for them with every fiber of my artistic being. I hated to forage around the vomit of the addled and perverted minds who barfed their sick hate and insanity unto an unsus peering world for the last titty years in articles, books, films — and, yes, even courtroom testimony. I hated it!
“I resented the days ana nights, the
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
weeks, months, years — now turned into decades! — that this disgusting issue took away from my productive life. I hated the humiliation of strip searches, handcuffs, jailings, endless questioning at the border, etc. Yet I quickly realized that courts have become the modem battlefields of the mind, of ideas, of history itself— and prepare to fight and fignt I did!
*1 knew by instinct that my enemies meant to destroy me so as to save their lucrative Reparations Racket and their diabolical design of eternal victimhood through global deception. I was knocking away their Holocaust shield behind which they were hiding!
“When David Irving testified for me, he crossed the Rubicon. He was not fooled or conned or sucked in by me, Leuchter or anyone else to testify in Toronto. He, a man of obvious intelligence, even brilliance, made a deliberate choice, a conscious derision in that fateful trial of 1988 — to put himself on the side of historical truth. That was the beginning of a “new kind of history.” The factors which persuaded him to throw caution to the wind then are still as true today as they were twelve years ago. Nothing has changed — only David Irvings attitude has changed, tempered by a decade of persecution and vilification giving him some 20/20 hindsight. I have heard him say on numerous occasions that this 1988 derision was a big mistake for him, with terrible consequences for his life, his career and his reputation as well as for his income. There is a price to be paid for courage.”
That price was steep indeed, as Irving soon found out. In 1992, German authorities fined him steeply and, thus, made him a “criminal” for claiming that it was British intelligence that had spread the propaganda that the Germans were using gas chambers to kill millions of Jews and other so-called undesirables. Today, he is banned from Germany, Austria, New Zealand, Australia, south Africa and Canada. [Editor's note: We should pay particular attention to the “democracies* from which Mr. Irving is banned, as they indicate those countries in which Jews arc exceptionally powerful.]1
In his trial, Irving made no bones about just who his villains are: “The
Jewish community, their fame and I fortunes, play a central role in these proceedings. It appears that these lodies, which are also embedded in our society in Britain and elsewhere, have seen their task, unbidden, as being to spy upon members of our society, maintain dossiers on us all, and to deploy those dossiers when necessary to smite those of us of whom they disapprove... It is not anti-Semitic to reveal this. The spying and smearing by these bodies goes on against Jew and non-Jew alike.”
Media Fallout
At first, the mainstream media tried their best to put the usual poisonous spin on the story. Irving countered that wisely by putting tiie daily court transcripts next to the poison pen lies, twists and turns of the opposition and its Holocaust Hustlers. Here was the Classic Irving at work. Since practically everybody depended on the website for straight information, the politically correct scribblers were forced to cover the trial more objectively — or lose credibility. And this was, indeed, the result.
Soon, an amazing shift happened. Both scholars and media were beginning to distance themselves from traditional Holocaust orthodoxy with all kinds of “politically incorrect” comments. Here are some summary excerpts from the BBC’s Homepage, dated January 26, 2000, to illustrate this point:
“(F)or the first time in the last quarter of a century, a new school of academic thought is emerging — one which questions the accepted vision of the Holocaust and the universality of its moral teachings."
“(T)he Holocaust industry has effectively turned into a shake-down racket in which more and more countries throughout Europe are being bludgeoned into coughing up com-
pensation.”
“For Tim Cole of the University of Bristol, an authority on the Budapest ghetto, the Holocaust’s significance nas varied considerably according to place and time.... It’s only much more recently that museums have been built. If you like, it’s a kind of 1980s, 1990s ideology, sentiment thing, if you like, to build Holocaust museums — that we, at this particular point in history, remember the Holocaust for all sorts of reasons,’Mr. Cole says.”
“’Schindler’s List,” the Oscar-winning film about the Holocaust directed by Steven Spielberg, was a huge success across the world in 1993 — and is said to have popularised the suffering of the Jews to an unprecedented extent. Some academics have scorned such materials as a less than an accurate... view of histoiy.” “Historians are increasingly disputing another historical interpretation—that the whole of the German nation was to blame for the fate of the Jews.”
Sensational articles about the Irving trial, with shocking headlines and even more astonishing “Irving quotes" appeared the world over.
* “Make no mistake: Students in the not-too-distant future will take Irving’s work seriously because some legitimate publishers and academicians remain willing to lend him credibility.” (New York Post, March 8, 2000, headlined “Fettmann: The Holocaust can’t be denied.”)
*	“Hitler did not order the extermination of the Jews. There is no proof for the mass murder via gas chambers in Auschwitz. The [gas] chambers which are shown there to tourists were built by the Poles." (The Berliner Morgenpost of March 8, 2000, restating core arguments)
*	“Eyewitness accounts of the gas chambers by Auschwitz survivors have also been rubbished. The evidence of Henryk Tauber, who has told how he was forced to help incinerate
In 1992, German authorities fined him steeply and, thus, made him a “criminal” for claiming that it was British intelligence that had spread the propaganda that the Germans were using gas chambers to kill millions of Jews and other so-called undesirables.
65
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
the corpses of up to 2,500 Jews a day at Auschwitz stretched *a reasonable historians credibility,* and Mr. Irvins maintained that there were no holes in the roofs of the buildings through which cyanide pellets could have been fed.... Mr. Irving, claiming the chambers were used to delouse corpses of people who had died of natural causes, challenged Professor van Pelt to dig up the chambers and find proof of the holes.**
Such songs were never heard before in our Holocaust-saturated, post-World War II lapdog media chorus. Fear seemed to gnaw on the traditional Holocaust myth with fine, sharp, even teeth. Many Revisionists happily remembered the prediction of Pro! Fessor W D Rube ns te in of Australia: “If the Jewish Holocaust can be shown to be a Zionist myth, then the strongest of all weapons in Israel’s propaganda armory collapses.**
David Versus Goliath?
Revisionists all over the world held their breath: Would it be Irving’s fate to deal the fatal blow? The enemy’s sanctimonious mask of “victimhood” was being npped off in this trial — and the brutal, ugly face of organized character assassination, freeaom-of-speech repression, and Holocaust terrorism revealed itself to an astonished global audience.
Yet there were also cracks and weaknesses in David Irving strategy. This trial was not just Irving’s. He was facing a jjurely political show trial with high financial stakes for himself— but vastly higher stakes for his enemies. He had distanced himself from his Revisionist sources, insisting that it was a field where he was not an expert — and here he stood, knee-deep in the morass of a massive, globally watched Holocaust trial.
Ernst Zttndel made known his trepidations in his March [2000] Power Letter.
“As a battle-hardened veteran of political trials, I watch this important trial from a ‘ringside seat/ largely from reports in the media and the Internet, 5,000 km assay — and in spite of Irviig1* wiffliig, I have to frdrflit I have empathy for that am
battled, enigmatic, haughty and, at the same time, suicidally courageous, frequently brilliant, sometimes unexplainably shallow, non-reflective, spur-of-the-moment, shoot-from-tne-hip-with-a-loose-lip Brit!
“Irving is definitely a showman par excellence. His infuriating ego and self-admitted arrogance, which he says were honed to a fine art in British boys’ school and learned as part of the schooling of Britain’s upper crust, is a double-edged sword.
“I have seen him deeply offend well-meaning friends, intimates ana ■■■■■■ supporters—literally biting the hand that fed him, belittling and
“But David Irving is no Holocaust expert. He woefully neglected to study his enemies’ writings in this field, much less master the Revisionist work already done — and his and our enemies know it! These people fear him and loathe him — because he can match their brazenness and checkmate them in their verbal calisthenics.
“I admit I am scared for him as a man, because he has no lawyer by his side and no experts to come to his aid instantly. Given his personality traits and character
........ ■ » ■ strengths as well as
his flaws, this might actually so unnerve and demoralize the opposition lawyers inside the courtroom — by his unlawyerly
The enemy’s sanctimonious mask of
tongue-lashing help- “victimhood” was beers, male and female, .	.	j	rr»	«•
who for no seemingly	ripped	Oil	in	tills	[
good reason became trial — and the brutal, unpredictability, by
Ae object of hi. cut- ugjy face of organized what h'
ting sarcasm and acid	*3/	°	.	next, what he might
ire. Over and over	Character assassina-	Jo next that would
again, the same pat- don, freedom-of-	land smack in the
temrepeateditself.lt speech repression, and transcripts and stay seemed he would not £j . r	\	there forever, or what
or could not control Holocaust terrorism	obscure document he |
his temper, hold his revealed itself to an as- will wave under their |
tongue and respond in tonished global audi-
more measured and	°
civil tones to people who he felt deserved ■■ ■■	11
ence.
his wrath.L
“Now it is the enemy who has to deal with these personality traits — something Lipstadt’s expert witnesses, Mr. Rampton, Q.C. and even the judge will soon find out and remember for the rest of their lives, I am sure!
“Let no one underestimate the intellectual agility of David Irving combined with his knowledge of primary sources! I give David Irving credit for being one-of-a-kind, for being blessed with one of the quickest minds and glibbest tongues, with a formidable vocabulary, near-encyclopedic knowledge of World War II history — and a phenomenal memory to boot. And does he ever have an ego! One would have to be possessed of quite an ego to think one could outsmart 20 lawyers and their backup networks —-whiefryou can be sure, range from the ADL and other numerous dirt-file keepers, to the Mossad, to the *Bundesnachrichtendienet/ to the new
KGB,#/a/
noses at any given moment, or even by Jthe rigs and zags of ......	his	inscrutable	defense strategy, if he has one! — that they will make errors, miscalculations ana misjudgments.
“That is one of the biggest plusses of not having a ‘member of the craft’ which is what lawyers are called and which I call a ‘mechanic of the law...’ to defend oneself. That’s why judges and courts hate the idea of people defending themselves. They want someone who has been trained at law school to ‘expedite’ the case throughout the trial and the system without too many inconveniences to them. Judges and opposition lawyers look upon amateurs in the courtroom like a trained soldier looks at a guerrilla -with alarm, even panic.
“The same can be said for many of us Revisionists - or so-called ‘Holocaust Deniers.’ We have the intellectual ammunition and could assist him greatly, even decisively Our experts are standing on the sidelines! Unutilised! Much like some battle-hardened SS-divisions cooling their heels while some Rumanian and Ital-
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
\$n units slug it out with the Red
Army!*
Yet even given his often erratic performance in court, it was dear to all who watched the Irving- Lipstadt THal that Irving had lacked loose an unstoppable avalanche of what must be shocking and jarring information and questions on the "Holocaust.” Thanks to this trial. Revisionism was no longer a marginalized movement relegated to the fringes of public awareness — it stood smack center I stage of an internationally debated] controversy about a highly charged aspect of World War II history.
A Story Spiked With Irony!
Irving, the maligned historian and "Reluctant Revisionist,” had turned the tables on his enemies and made history in his own right — by his own courtroom performance! what a hoot! Almost a mythical “David," he forced the promoters of the state-approved, politically correct Jewish versions of history to justify in a public forum their distortions of true historical facts. He who haughtily declared that he was not going to fight a Holocaust trial — that he found the Holocaust boring, that he resented the Ztlndel connection — was now involved for week after week in a more tedious Holocaust trial than Zttndel ever was!
And Professor Deborah Lipstadt, who misspoke herself as follows on many an occasion with "There is no debate! I refuse to lower myself to debating with Revisionists...” had kicked loose a debate of gargantuan proportions by hauling to the fore her almighty Zionist guns. She, who jetted from continent to continent for years like some hired reputation and character-assassin targeting Irving and other Revisionists — all the time recommending to all within earshot in government, the media and academia that they should not engage in any debate with “Holocaust Demers” * now saw her role reversed. She, who desperately tried to stifle and snuff out the nascent Revisionist debate, had helped unleash the Mother of All Holocaust Debates!
As a reporter of the Independent recently described it:
"1 sat packed in with about 50 oth-
troublesome Joerg Haider muttered darkly about reparations for non-Jews. The Swiss were drawing the wagons around Blocher who spoke his mind about the recent Holocaust extortions in the banking industry. And who could forget ADL’s Abe Foxmans own words, referring to the Jews shakedown of the Swiss: "...we bludgeoned them and bludgeoned them and bludgeoned them — but at what
price
v
The Verdict
ers, in the rear of room 73 in the London Law Courts, listening to this and more. At the lunch time interval, wandering around the court building and trying to come to terms with what I was seeing and hearing, I felt like a man in some kind of Kafkaesaue dream. What was going on here? Was this some kind of grotesque Monty Python episode? Everybody seemed to be in such good spirits. As if they weren't taking part in some kind of historical parlour game. Spot the gas chamber for 20 points.”
How times nad changed! Gone were the downcast glances, the funeral whispers, the genuflecting bows and curtsies before the ever-so-som-ber “gas chamber” tales. The fallout of this trial was enormous and spilling over into political arenas.
Soon, Jewish sources lamented that Syria has become “the first Holocaust denier state.” ______________________
To the horror of the	Kabbalism	or	nu-
Israelis, Syria was And who could forget merology — the
SSI H 311
courtroom audience that his judgment was for the defense.
The ruling said, in essence, thatLipstadt
O
n April 11, 2000, exactly three months since the start of this sensational trial, Irving lost his libel case against Deborah Lipstadt and her publisher, Penguin Books. In a twisted and convoluted 333 page “ruling” — of interest to _______________ those	who	are	into
policy and propa- own words, referring anda. An official to the Jew’s shake-
down of the Swiss:
“...we bludgeoned them and bludgeoned had been justified in
Holocaust as a myth, them and bludgeoned bnndi^ dis contro-accusing; Israel of ex- -	t	0	«	versial British author
aggerating the extent them — but at what of the Nazi slaughter	price?
of Jews to gain Western support and con-
oyrian newspaper, Tishreen, dated January 31, 2000, described	the
tarn its opponents. JWhy does Israel insist on bringing up this alleged Holocaust policy?" the editor of the state newspaper Tishreen, Mohamed Kheir al-Wadi, wanted to know. “I believe Israel and the Zionist organizations have two aims. The first is to receive more money from Germany and other Western establishments on the pretext of compensation for the Holocaust. The second aim is to invest the myth of the Holocaust and accuse anyone opposed to Zionism and its expansionist policies of anti-Semitism.
This sentiment was echoed shortly afterwards in Egypt and then Lebanon. In Germany, a ceremony to dedicate land for Germany's first national Holocaust memorial was soured by controversy when the Mayor of Berlin boycotted the event. In Austria, a
as a racist, an anti-Semite” and a “Ho-
______________ locaust denier" who
cavorted with unsavory folks — “extremists on the Right.”The ruling further stated that Irving had “twisted historical facts to suit nis ideological aims.” [Editors note: In short, this “ruling” was a resort to the all to familiar argumentum ad hominem Jew-tactic of name calling]
Interestingly, this ruling was prefaced as follows by Judge Gray:
“(I)t is important that I stress at the outset of this judgment that I do not regard it as being any part of my function as the trial judge to make findings of fact as to what did and what did not occur during the Nazi regime in Germany... it is not for me to form, still less to express, a judgment about what happened. That is a task for historians. [!j It is important that those reading this judgment should bear well in mind the distinc-
Vol. VI, No. 1
67
lion between my judicial role in re-1 solving the issues arising between 1 these parties and the role of the historian seeking to provide an accurate narrative of past events."
He also had amazingly high praise for Irving:
"My assessment is that, as a military historian, Irving has much to commend him. For his works of military history Irving has undertaken thorough and painstaking research into the archives. He has discovered and disclosed to historians and others many documents which, but for his efforts, might have remained unnoticed for years. It was plain from the way in which he conducted his case and dealt with a sustained and penetrating cross-examination that his knowledge of World War II is unparalleled. His mastery of the detail of the historical documents is remarkable. He is beyond question able and intelligent. He was invariably quick to spot the significance of documents which he had not previously seen. Moreover he writes his military history in a dear and vivid style.
“But the questions to which this action has given rise do not relate to the quality of Irving’s military history but rather to the manner in which he has written about the attitude adopted by Hitler towards the Jews and in particular his responsibility for the fate which befell them under the Nazi regime.
And even more astonishingly:
"I have to confess that, in common I suspect with most other people, I had supposed that the evidence of mass extermination of Jews in the gas chambers at Auschwitz was compelling. I have, however, set aside this preconception when assessing the evidence adduced by the parties in these
proceedings-
“Vulnerable though the individual categories of evidence may be to criticisms of the kind mentioned... it appears to me that the cumulative effect of the documentary evidence for the genoridal operation of gas chambers at Auschwitz is considerable."*
Having said that, down came tha judges	in	the following ax
cerpte:	-
*The picture of Irving which emerge# from the evidence of his ex uacurricuUr activities revealed him
to be a right-wing pro-Nwi polemi-
68
The RESISTED
rr~i r
cist.
“It appears to me to be incontrovertible that Irving qualifies as a Holocaust denier. Not only has he denied the existence of gas chambers at Auschwitz and asserted that no Jew was gassed there, he has done so on frequent occasions and sometimes in the most offensive terms."
“He is content to mix with neo-Fascists and appears to share many of their racist ana anti-Semitic prejudices."
“He has portrayed Hitler in an unwarrantedly favourable light, principally in relation to his attitude toward and responsibility for the treatment of the Jews."
“The charges which I have found substantially true include the charges that Irving has for his own ideological reasons persistently and deliberately misrepresented and manipulated historical evidence."
And, finally:
“(N)o objective, fair-minded historian would have serious cause to doubt that there were	^_
gas chambers at
ap-
on
cisely that! He delivered the Jew proved, politically correct verdict disputed facts of nistory!
True to style, David Irving recorded in his Radical s Diary, posted on his website:
“We learn from today’s London Jewish Chronicle the scale of the money poured into the High Court attack on me by Stephen Spielberg and other multimillionaires like Edgar Bronfman. If that is not evidence of the global scale of the endeavour to destroy me, I do not know what is. As for the rest: wait for the appeal. The fat lady has not yet sung, so it ain’t over."
Internet Readers React
E
ven though the Revisionist community had braced itself,
_____knowing what they knew
from bitter past experience about the legal systems role in propping up the ruling Jewish oligarchy, the brutal ver-__1—1-111diet came as a shock
___________________________________________ The	Zundelsite and
Auschwitz and that He uneauivOCflUv dis- other revisionist
websites were flooded with comments like these:
• “David Irving was not judged by his peers, but condemned by his enemies who
they were operated on qualified himself froilJ
a substantial scale to ^	%	r r
kills hundreds of ndrng on the facts of
thousands of Jews." history— and then he
[Editor * note: In blithely went ahead,
other words, it is for-
bidden (by Jews) to reversed himself, and | expose the lies of did precisely that! He had already made up|
delivered the Jew-ap- their mini. Would a
rlease note: I he	%	v	.	*	*	judge	choose	to
judge did not say proved, politically COf“ throw away his job,
millions." Does that rect verdict on
Jud8* Gray a disputed facts of his-
tory!
Holocaust denier?1
Scores of mainstream media re- 1 ported in the days that followed the verdict that a judge had ruled, yet one more time, that the “Holocaust" took place — exactly as had been claimed lor more than naif a century!
But that’s not what the judgment is in its totality! Gray stated very clearly at the outset that he was no historian and, hence, unqualified to make judgments about disputed facts of history. He stated forcefully that hietoty snould be left to the historians. He unequivocally disqualified himself from ruling on the facte of hietory — end then he blithely want ahead, revarsed himself, and did pre»
his status in the community, just to be impartial? Or would he bring down a verdict 1'	that	would	please his
appointers?"
* "One thing is certain. Professional Holocausters have been given a black eye.They have been forced to debate what they have always refused to debate, namely, whether their version of the 'Holocaust* is true. As for Irving being ‘dangerous,’ he has thrown no bombs —- apart from the bombs he has thrown at the profitable Holocaust Industry. Irving has the courage of a lion but was fighting tha case alone and was facing twenty lawyers for the defence, which has unlimited funds. The whole Jewish establishment was arrayed against
Vol. VI, No. 1
him. That establishment had a lot ridii^c on this trial and it would have been a brave judge who came down in his favor. But whatever the outcome, the trial transcripts will be there for die world to muse on and the tight for truth and free debate will go on."
| "For Zionists, the history of WWD is a matter of faith closed to debate. If it ended there, fine — there are many religions that stand against historical reality. But the ‘Holocaust* aJao serves as a political and economic weapon in the sense that it is used to extort favors and gifts for Israel and for International Jewry. The ‘Holocaust’ industry has made Israel a very rich nation at the expense of non-Jews. In due trial, Zionists had much to lose, apart from any claim to historical truth. Had Irving won, they stood to lose billions of dollars in aid and in reparations payments from their Christian benefactors. [Editors note:
I think the more appropriate phrase is “stupid ‘Christian’ dupes.**]
Drawing Conclusions
Irvings strategy was to disavow die demonizing labels. He argued he was not a “racist,** an “anti-Semite,” and a “Holocaust denier.” His eager nods to please the gallery of the politically correct did not pay.
Another gain for freedom fighters was the Internet’s use in this trial. The Internet emerged for all the world to see as a potent and widely used neutralizer against traditional media poison and outright distortion of facts. Every evening, the world could read the Irving transcripts on his website and compare their contents with Jew-approved media reports.
For the first time on a global platform, it was visible to all how lapdog media took pains to please their masters. A typical opening paragraph in one of the print media organs might read: “The day before Lipstadt emerged victorious from a libel lawsuit against a Holocaust denier....* Acute readers who followed this trial both in the courtroom and on the Internet knew Lipstadt did not file a libel lawsuit against David Irving. It was the other way around. The “judge” simply engaged in the Jew-tactic of name calling.
"The court did NOT find that ‘the Holocaust* stories were proven. The court made it clear that that was not the issue. The court found that Lipstadt did indeed defame Irving but that she was justified in doing so. [!] There is no rule of law, logic or morality that says we have to agree with that finding. We should say loud and clear that we do not agree,** wrote a trial watcher.
This trial, with its perverse conclusion, also revealed as never before how beholden the court system is to the prevailing point of view. One British writer summarized in yet another
his being demonised by the media, socially ostracised and his chances of further preferment reduced to zero?” And let’s not forget: For the first time in history, the Irving Trial flushed out some powerful players behind the political scenes — including the government of Israel, which released the Eichmann Diaries, which they had held for 40 years. According to numerous news reports, this trial was, in part, financed by none other than Edgar Bronfman, owner and chairman of Seagram Co., the Canadian distilling and entertainment giant and president of the World Jewish Congress. Steven Spielberg financed part of the defense through his Shoah Foundation — in other words, with the help of the American Tax payers. The money spent on this trial by Irvings opposition has been staggering, leading even the man in the street to conclude that the stake* in the outcome of this trial were enormous to the Jewish side much more than to the Irving side. He him* self said it well in his summation statement:
"1 have been subjected since at least 1973 and probably before then to what would De called in warfare a campaign of interdiction. I know of no other historian or writer who has been subjected to a campaign of vilification even one tenth as intense. The book Denying the Holocaust was the climax of this campaign. There exist, as I said in my opening speech, various bodies in this countiy and around the world who have at neart the interests of special groups... many other Englishmen have noticed, or found out, usually by chance, that these bodies keep files on us, which they use to our disadvantage if they believe we are a danger to their interests. Despite the best intentions of the Data Protection Act, it seems that we have no means of checking those files, or revising their content, let alone of cleansing them of libels....
“(R)egrettably this has become a campaign to defame people whom they regard as a danger. A number of special bodies exist solely for this purpose. These bodies will not endear themselves, if found out, to the victims of their campaigns. It might be said that the real Defendants in this case are not represented in this Court, but their presence has been with us throughout. These are the people who commissioned the work complained of, and provided much of the materials used in it. I understand they have provided considerable funds for the defence — lam talking primarily of the American Jewish Committee and the Anti-Defamation League of the B’nai Brith, a long-established American [sic! — Judeo-Freemasonic] body.
“We have them to thank for the spectacle that has been presented in this courtroom since January Without their financial assistance, it is unlikely that Mr Rampton and his defence team and his instructing solicitors could have mounted this colossal onslaught on my name. Far over three years this well funded team sitting opposite me has drilled down deep into my private papers and burrowed on abro*. i in' the ar-
e-mail:
“Was it appropriate to burden a newly-appointed judge with the responsibility to deter- _______^^
mine such a case?
Was it reasonable to [jg argued he was not
expect that a protec- «	•	. » _u
tor and upholder of a ^ClSt, an antl-
the Established order Semite, and a Holo-
(which is what a caust denier.9 His
eager nods to please
entertain giving aver-	, ° «	c	f
diet against the sys- the gallery ot the po-
tem that had nurtured liticaJly correct did not and groomed him,	__
knowing that such a	r 7*
verdict would lead to —■
Vol. VI, No. 1
69
chives of the world, on a multipronged attack — trying to establish that what 1 have written over the last thirty-five years is distorted or mistranslated in pursuance of an agenda (namely the exoneration of Adolf Hitler); and trying to dig up every little morsel of dirt on me that they can." [Editor's note: In other words, Jews behaved like Jews, the truth be damned.]
NOTES:
'A further word here, so as not to interrupt the integrity of Mme. Rimland s article. As we continuously point out in The Resister, it is quite useless to deny Yiddish swear words like "radst" and "anti-Semite," as in "I am not a...", in one's defense. It is the height of mendadty to abjure the squalidness visited upon European civilization by Coloreds by saying, Tm not a radst," or the devastation visited upon Christendom by Jews by guttering, "I'm not an anti-Semite.
2Editors note: "Genodde" is yet another Jew-invented, Yiddish swear word. Note that this "judge" was sufficiently compelled by the evidence against "gas chambers'’ at Auschwitz to significantly reconsider his previously held (Jew dictated) opinions about the subject, then completely ignored the same evidence in order to squirm and grovel at the feet of the Jews. Personally, I’d love to know what Jew-threats he received.
The RESISTER
WHY DO WE AMERICANS
SUBMIT TO THIS?
by
_________________Dr.	Susan L.M. Huck_____________________________
A New Book From America s
Most Damning Critic of 111 _________________________________Liberals________________
Why Do We Americans Submit to...
What?
The D-List—This is what liberals like to see in the rest of us.
Dumb, as in "dumbed down” and mute.
Docile, ready to be guided and trained, ready to accept any outrage.
Deprived of as much of our income as we will allow to be taken from us.
Dispossessed of more and more property rights.
Denied as many of our other rights as we will allow to be taken from us.
Devalued as citizens by the creation of hordes of "instant voters” in time for elections.
Demoted from independent citizens to dependent subjects.
Deceived by the current propaganda line, whatever it may be.
Diverted from an examination of the true situation.
Denounced for destroying the earth, oppressing "others,” harboring bad thoughts....
Defensive and guilt-ridden about something or other, all the time.
Deracinated, if white — forbidden a sense of racial identity or pride.
Divided into "groups” or "blocs” for easy manipulation.
Demeaned, as liberals in government assert authority over private and family affairs.
Degraded by the squalor of public miseducation and government corruption.
Displaced from schools and jobs by federal pressure favoring federally*favored groups.
Dispirited in the face of so much gone wrong, and so little chance of fixing it.
Disoriented by inversion of laws and values — what is right is now wrong, whai is bad is now good — and vice versa, of course.
Demoralized by the realization that any attempt to oppose liberalism will be ridiculed, denied institutional support, marginalized, and punished.
Disorganized as foundations expend their tax-free fortunes by organizing synthetic "groups** and anointing "leaders'* to carry out foundation plans. There is no such support for those opposing foundation-sponsored "planned social change."
Descabezado, or "beheaded,** deprived of leadership; potential leaders who are aware of and opposed to the plans of the liberal Establishment can expect to be smeared and, if that doesn't work, ruined in some manner, usually financially.
And finally...
Disarmed is the ultimate liberal precaution. Anything can be done to diarmed people, as the history of the Twentieth Century more than amply demonstrates.
01997 by Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
S20.00 RESISTER Books
C..h Money Order, or Check ^ PO B°X 35046_
(Allow 5 week# for delivery) Fayetteville, IN C 28303
70
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
SENSITIVITY TRAINING AND THE CHANGING OF LOYALTIES
Christopher Story, MA (Oxon) FRSA © 2000 by Christopher Story and Soviet Analyst
In the 1950, an organization (still in existence) calling itself Moral Rearmament (MM) fished in the virulent 6eas of British underground life for sensitive, possibly (sic) disturbed, bereaved or otherwise vulnerable students whose minds could, its executives reasoned, be easily manipulated. Once hooked, the student found himself or herself thrust into “groim therapy” sessions, in the course of which the innermost secrets of their souls were pried out of them, to become the "property” of the collective group. Tnis process having been completed, the student found himself bound by die pressure of the collective, and immediately liable to be blackmailed. When one is vulnerable in this way, it is not necessary for blackmail actually to take place. It need only be implied and thus threatened. With such mental putty in its hands, MRA was able to insert its own agenda into the emptied and confused minds of the young people concerned.
An intelligence source, and subsequent research, have confirmed that MRA functioned in the traditional "Frankfurt School" of Soviet Leninist (sic)1 mind control operations, and was [is] an active branch of a Communist self-group criticism offensive launched in the USSR and by the Comintern in 1929 under the slogan "Through Bolshevist self-criticism we2 wall enforce the dictatorship of the proletariat.'’ The essence of this method of thought control and mind-manipularion, sometimes called brain* washing, is derived from the Paviovian
theory of conditioning. In the Soviet Union, and in Cuba and Nicaragua for instance, the population is divided into communes and then into small groups of 10-15 which are forced to meet regularly and participate in selfgroup criticism — divulging their innermost thoughts and informing on themselves ana oth-ers. It is by this devious means that the people end up creat-
We have now reached down into the core of the offensive, and can reveal its true satanic-Leninist purpose: it is nothing less than to chante loyalties — in conformity with me program laid down in the compendium on Communist psychological warfare elaborated by Stalins secret police chief, Lavrentii Beria....3 From that document4 we know definitively that the objective is to “set the proper stage for a realignment of their loyalties with Communism.” The full passage from the Communist Manual on Psychopolitics reads as follows: "The misalignment of the loyalty of youth to a capitalist nation sets the proper stage for a realignment of their loyalties with Communism. Creating a greed for drugs, sexual misbehavior and uncontrolled freedom and presenting this to them as a benefit of Communism will with ease bring about our alignment...” — a description, surely, of the process which has been in full flood in the United States for many years, and which is working overtime in Britain under the _ Fabian (Trotskyite)5 Government of the
one s
to think own mistakes weren't so bad after all, the net effect being to subliminally cause one to accept lower standards. And after the discovery that ones own family standards are far different from those of “the group,” one is apt to question whose standards are correct. Then, after receiving impressions from the group (often liberally dispensed, of course) that ones church teachings (say) are out of step with current mores — depending on the background of the trainer (“change agent”) or the group — and after being subjected to direct or implied criticisms of one’s home, family, friends, church... attitudes, beliefs and ideas, the victim is apt to doubt that he or she actually has any values, ideals or beliefs worth keeping or defending.
The essence of this homosexuality-pro-! i .	,	imethod of thought “°*“SBla5r
mg their own secret	i	j	• j	eminent. lne
police and controlling	control ana	mina-ma-	psychopolitical op-
one another— doing nipulation, sometimes erator described in
the satanic work of caJled brainwashing, is the . c°“muni,t the police state.	j • j	iv	n	psychopolitics com-
After hearing oth-	derived	uOffl	tile r av-	pendium is enjoined,
ers confess their lovian theory of con- too, that “inrearrang-wrong doings, the ef-	ditioning.	“Jg loyalties, we must
feet is that one is apt	have a command of
the values [to be imposed upon the targeted population].” Sensitivity training programs of this nature, which have been manifest in the United States since the... 1960s (as part of the permissive society launched by Soviet intelligence through such purveyors of satanic music as The Beatles), serve to realign loyalties away from the family, home, church and coworkers. Such "training” is being promoted under the Blair Government in Britain, and especially in Scotland — where the newly established legislature operates as a Costa Rican-style Leninist laboratory for the introduction and consolidation of revolutionary permissive norms (such as teaching ofhomosexu-ality in schools) in lieu of traditional values.
Vol VI, No. 1
71
The "rarbaffe" valued which replace tTacfitionalvalued and true epiri-tuality are In turn reinforced by the ever darkening forced releaded through tetanic music — purveyed ad a consequence of the penetration of die entertainment industry which followed Stalin’s stalking of Trotsky, when hundreds of Soviet agents fanned out all down the US vVeat Coast, on the pretext of seeking out and destroying that Bolshevik.6 (m the event, he was pick-axed to death, through the skull, in Mexico.) The Soviet agents' other targets included not only Hollywood and die enter-tainment sector, but also the high-technology industries of California, especially die nuclear research indus-
Doubts and anxieties fostered through sensitivity training of all kinds can be further exploited by unscrupulous religious outlets — all farms of organized religion have been attacked and penetrated from the outset of Lenin World Revolution by "change agents" and by demonic activity released by them. The late, prominent American Communist leader, Louis Budenz revealed to one of our most distinguished colleagues, and confirmed in his writings (Henry Regnery Co., Chicago, 1950s), that Communist cadres were (and are) trained specifically for the task of penetration and takeover of organized religious outlets of all denominations — a feet which explains, in part, severe outbreaks ox demonic activity f charismania") in various denominations, including the "Toronto Blessing," "speaking in tongues" and so forth. In this context, a reliable source in Texas has drawn our attention, furthermore, to contemporary direct in-to US religious denominations, especially ‘Christian** groups by specialist KGB "spiritist" sources in Belarus (on which further research
as m progressj.
At all events, the net outcome is that targeted vulnerable groups in sooetjL hiring bean discoursed from
individual decision-making k fever at the "group dsoston *** that is to sop the decision of the collective «— ns apt to end up feeling inadequate and unable to make decisions without the approval of the group. Mia-placed guilt feeling are aroused, the fear being that someone in the group
may be hurt if the individual taker a unilateral or independent decision without group approval. Finally, the targeted individual, knowing that he or sne has disclosed attitudes that differ from the "group norm," and aware that this information will have been placed in an individual profile record, is liable to feel apprehensive for fear that such information may be used against them.
Brainwashing is essentially the more direct and overt Bolshevik method of "changing loyalties." It is mandatory, and takes place in a group of 8-16 group mem-bers, with one
(b) the intended or desired outcome of "change," he is engaged in revolutionary activism, and nis words should be treated with utmost caution.7
These processes also serve to "uncover reactionaries" (the Leninist meaning of “reactionary" being, of course, “one who reacts against the revolution *) and to uncover information which can be used in the interests of the revolution. They also aim to undermine authority and leadership, to realign loyalties across the board (as in Britain and Australia, where loyalty to the Monarchy has
been undermined by precisely such meth-
“leader" (intelligence Gradually, three “nec- od*>over a FolonH
operative or cadre)	ctena* emerge Period of **
and in seminar con- . essaJ7 st?Ps emerge to do
nothing less
texts (small-group into full View: unlearn, than to “change" in-
indoctrination). ft chatlVC and Tclcavtl. Fa— dividuals and society.
seeks the relaxation of  _______i ________i  The essence of
personal defenses ^ors MM* rewards QXt sensitivity training as
(which mankind has allocated for accepting developed by the developed over mil- “the necessity of Comintern’s agents lennia as a means of c|langcw_______word
“change” being used always without any context (begging the question: change to what?).
self-protection) and the imposition of a system of group conformity. Sell and group criticism predominates, as do public confessions.
While the immediate consequence of such confessions is often "release,” and a sense of "peace," these short-lived feelings are typically followed by a sense of crowding-in, of open-enaed pressurization, accompanied by tension, anxiety and fatigue (Le., the "Babylonian system," which operates by coercion, pressure, intimidation and harassment).
Gradually, three "necessary steps’* emerge into foil view: unlearn, change and relearn. Favors and rewards are allocated for accepting "the necessity of change" — the word "change" being used mhuays without any context (begging the question: change to iMM/r). The "destination" of change is mhuays hidden in darkness — an insight that ws can apply in our daily observations, as can os summarized by the following: whenever s "change agent" (politician, influence-builder, opinion-former, policy maker, or east have you) speaks of "change" without specifying (a) the raaeontor the asserted "need* for "change" and
Western context is almost identical, with the following differentiation. First, the relaxation of personal defenses is brought about by the creation of a permissive atmosphere; secondly, group conformity is replaced or preceded by interdependence; thirdly, since procuring public confessions is often problematical in the less rigid Western environment, the "change agents" promote the desirability of "openness” (= the Leninist meaning oiglasnosf ), honesty and truthfulness or candor, in the fourthplace, the three steps described as unlearn, change, relearn" are replaced by "«»-freexe, change, refr****" in the jrftb place, favors offered for ‘change are replaced by "support”8 in the context of "change;" and finally, the uncovering of reactionaries becomes the uncovering of individualists (since as the revolution has not yet overtly taken place, there is nothing to "react* against). According to the Marxist Karl Rogers, of the \Vestem Behavioral Science# Institute, “sensitivity training is a means for altering the basic personality structure of anTndi-vidual.”
We are thus faced with the direct
72
Vol. VI, No. 1
application of the subversive doctrine of Communist psychopolitical warfare in Western society as a primary instrument of the low-level Leninist revolutionary offensive, designed to flourish in the permissive context fostered by the Soviet-controlled and penetrated global drugs environment; and its purpose is precisely the wholesale chanting of loyalties, as laid down in the aforementioned Communist textbook on psychopolitics, which asserts that ...in the field of [Leninist] psychopolitics, loyalty means simplv alignment. It means, more fully, alignment with the goals of die Communist state.9 Disloyalty meant [by contrast] entirely misalignment, and more broadly, misalignment with the goals of the Communist Scam.... When we consider that the goals of die Communist State are to the best possible benefit of die masses [a lie, of course — CS], we can see that... loyalty to persons not commu-H indoctrinated would be quite plainly a misalignment.”
Psvchopolitics is described in the Manual as "die art and science of asserting and maintaining dominion over the thoughts and loyalties of individuals, officers, bureaus, and masses, and the effecting of the conquest of enemy nations through ‘mental healing’ — “healing”^ in the Leninist sense of purging the mind of ad traditional values, concepts, loyalties and perceptions which conflict with the Communist objectives and twisted norms ef the revolution.
Nor is it any surprise that psychopolitics grew out of the satanic mind of Lenin (who is known to have participated at a demonic event on the island of Capri). For according to the late Dr. Boris Sokoloff, M.D., who played an important role in events leading up to the Bolshevik Revolution, intimate conversations took place between Lenin and Dr. Ivan Pavlov which laid the groundwork for the subsequent Soviet-launched experiment, now being exported and imposed upon the West, in seeking to standardize human thought and behavior.... Moreover, the Communist textbook on psychopolitics took care to mention the importance of Pavlov's work in the development of Leninist brainwashing and its export derivative, sensitivity training — which is being frantically applied today in schools,
large businesses and government entities10 throughout the United States and the other main targeted countries of the West.
Reprinted by permission of Christopher Story ana Soviet Analyst
Soviet Analyst Suite 1209
280 Madison Ave.
New York, NY 10016-0802
NOTES:
’Editor’s Comment: Mr. Story is far too polite to mention that the ideologues of the so-called Frankfurt School were composed almost exclusively of Jews bent upon the Bolshevization of Christendom. I am not so polite and 1 assert that fact outright. Marxist-Leninist the “Frankfurt School” certainly was (nay, still is), just as Marx and Trotsky and Lenin (and, for practical purposes, all the rest) were Jews, and Communism is, in its essence, Secular Judaism recast as a “social movement.” [SMB]
2Editor’s Comment:	The
Comintern meant, “...we Jews....”
[SMB]
3Who “just happened to be” a Jew.
[SMB]
4	The Communist Manual of Instruction on Psychological Warfare, as used in Communist underground schools in the United States in the 1930s. One such school was the Eugene Debs Labor School at 113 E. Wells Street, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The authenticity of the text was confirmed by the former dues-paying Communist Party USA member, Kenneth Goff (a.k.a. John Keats). [Editor’s note: I have a copy of that manual. I’ve shown it to Uo Army Equal Opportunity Advisors and asked them how it differs from what they are doing to our soldiers. Their typical response is, “Uh...| Uh, indeed. SMB.J
5	Editor's Comment: I disagree here with Mr. Story’s equating of Fabianism with Trotskyism. Trotskyism (Trotsky “just happened to be” a Jew whose real name was Bronstein) is best described as proletarian “permanent revolution.” Fabianism (almost exclusively “gentile” and “bourgeois”) fa best described as “permanent evolution” toward communism. Think of it as the difference
between “our” Democrat Party (Bolsheviks) and “our” Republican Party (Mensheviks), the two wings of “our single Social Democrat Party. [SMB] •Editor's Comment: This analysis fa, in my opinion, a “reach.” Mr. Story, in common with many contemporary anti-Communfats, has the distressing habit of disembodying communism as a “bad idea” which is divorced from specific human agency. “American” Judeo-Communists were already firmly established in “our” entertainment “industry,” peddling their pro-Communist, anti-Christian Jewish filth, long before Stalin’s agents, intent upon murdering Trotsky, fanned out across North America in search of him. The more twisted, sick, perverted, and pornographic “entertainment” becomes the more Jewish it is. Walt Disney must be spinning in his grave — he loathed Jews. [SMB] 7Here, again, Mr. Story is being polite. In my opinion, any speaker so described should be immediately and unceremoniously lynched. They do not “intend good” and they do not “mean well.” [SMB]
8Are you bewildered by the proliferation of “support groups” for every human misery, perversion, or weak-minded anxiety? [SMB] ’Novices to the upside-down world of Leninism may infer from references to the “Communist State” that Lenin was supportive of the concept of the state, in fact, Lenin’s purpose was the destruction of the state — an objective which is well on the way towards realization today, in the context of the always unexplained federalization “imperative” (as with the European Union and in Latin America, for instance). What Lenin actually asserted, made it clear that he regarded the existing structure of the state as a reversible evil: for he wrote in State and Revolution that “we set ourselves the ultimate aim of destroying the state.” (International Publishers/New York, 1961 edition, page 68.)
l0Inparticular, the military. [SMB]
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
Hr kgai tfkt mnsHtuHoned ■wyiiow yak y/» MM aWr property, Martin, and Rvn, the government, is to hyalite imirtarn ft a# tefttrwrt emf oppression, efeven mmw md nftw wfrenerwr, mthr'part of government.
I nutdci Spooner, 1852
The military value of a portion,) vnri it not measured in the amount of property destroyed, or the number of men killed or captured, hut by the number be keeps veidnor ■IT John S. Mother
ROADBLOCKS
Site Your Roadblocks for Defense
It is very good tactics to site the t>lock where
Colonel GA.Wade,M.C.
We continue our tactical aeries with this reprint of the Home Guard manual. Roadblocks. Although dated, the principles and techniques outlined in this manual are just as sound today as they were 60 years ago. If you have ever passed through a police “seat belt” or “sobriety^* or “safety” checkpoint, so-called, you have encountered precisely the tactical principles outlined in this manual from the receiving end. SMo//
Importance of Roadblocks
I doubt if there can be found in the whole of soldierly activities a more interesting subject than roadblocks; and yet, by most people, fheyappei it to be regarded merely as casual obstructions in the road, a nuisance to traffic, and a bore to defend.
The reason I find them so interesting is that, whenever I see a roadblock I say to myself, “Here is a tiny battlefield Here men may one day encounter each other in deadly combat Here, in miniature, all the great principles of strategy and tactics will apply just as much as when whole armies join issue,” and my imagination at once begins to picture the ebb
the enemy will come attacked from frontj Upon it unexpectedly, flanks and rear, you
p»ble Of .topping causing him to hesitate wm.,omei*r*h‘!' tanks; minor road-	o	.	,	great cause for thank-
blocks, which a tank On exactly the spot fulness and self con-could cross but not an where you have every- grmtulations.
.imored ck or other ^ prepare(l to take . Il “ vehicle; and mobile _ n° *	rt_.	tics to site the block
obstacles, such as tull advantage OI niS where the enemy will and flow of fighting for possession of carts, wagons and old temporary embarrass** come upon it unex-ths roadblock, with every little detail motor-cars which	mcnt	pectedly; causing him
of lbs surroundings acquiring a sin- can be used quickly in istcr significance. A roadblock is a I emergency to form chalkcra thrown down by free men to Him and his hordes - a gesture ^DEFIANCE which says, “Beyond (has vow shall nr-2

Although at the priittflf moment tin: road clock looks out as place in its peaceful surroundings, mo knows what it will be in a law months time? It may be all that separatee freedom frews annexed tyranny, it nay be the one obstacle vduch, deeperetely bald, will sfff^ the course of bank
emergency to
some sort of hindrance to the enemy Major roadblocks will be used solely to close roads through tanks obstacles, as it would obviously be absurd to place a huge, expensive roadblock on a road smith has open country round it which a tank could, if it war diverted from the road, traverse easily. Incidentally, the form and arrangement of major roadblocks will vary atom time to time to meet s mighty 1 the changes in the performance of I enemy armored lighting vehicles.
to hesitate on exactly BSP"*" the spot where you have everything prepared to take full advantage of his temporary embarrassment.
To effect this there are three situations in which blocks may be put. around a comer, on the reverse side of a rise in the road, such as is occasioned by a humpback bridge, or tucked away in a sudden dip in the road.
Defiles, deep ditches, thick woods and cutting* are all features helping to make roadblocks effective, so make
74
Vol. VI. No. t
GOOD SITES FOR ROAD BLOCKS
T
At i Bead in the Road
This block is defended in both directions. Vehicles from NORTH would first see road block and stop at Y.
Bombers B are in houses on both sides ready to perform as soon as vehicle stops.
From SOUTH traffic would halt about Z. No houses here, so bombers are in slit trenches.
Beyond a Crest
The climbing vehicle cannot see the obstacle till the crest is readied.
Molotov throwers should be stationed about BB.
ROAD
BLOCK
In an Unexpected Dip
Sometimes there is a dip in the road and it is not noticeable, because the road carries straight on beyond it
This is a good place to surprise a fast-moving vehicle.
On a Hump-backed Bridge
Usually found over canals, these make first-rate road blocks.
The block itself must be robust and fastened to bridge if possible.
Bombers are in well-camouflaged slit trenches at BB.
Tht RESISTER
lU possible use of them.
it may not be possible to take advantage of any of these surprise positions. and the roadblock, to fit in with other defensive arrangements, may have to be so placed that it is in full view of the approaching enemy for a considerable distance. If the enemy happen to be in a tank, they will at once shoot at the block to demolish it sufficiently to make it passable. To obviate this it is wise to screen it with hessian1 or carpets, blankets, sheets, etc., taken from nearby houses. A screen of this kind will take a lot of punishment and still remain a screen.
Never forget that when the Germans invaded us their future supplies will be uncertain in the extreme, so that every round we can induce them to expend ineffectively is one less for them to fight with.
The next thing to consider in siting the roadblock is where you will place its defenders so that they have complete control of the block and the approaches to it and yet cannot be outflanked or taken in the rear.
Sometimes the alteration of die site by only a few yards will be enough to enable more weapons of various kinds to be brought to bear on it, and the road leading to it, from other positions behind or on one side.
If you are hard put to it to defend a roadblock, reinforcements may be sent to help you, and these will need positions to occupy.
In addition, every man defending the block should have several alternative positions to move to after fir-
tog
The whole idea of die defenders should be to hold their fire till the range is so short that it will have devastating effect. Then, having delivered their blow at the enemy, to dodge away into some other concealed position to watch die place they have just left bring “strafecr and to be ready with another telling burst of fire when the Germans advance again in the belief that they have effectively scuppered the British who fired before.
The action of the roadblock tar rison in defense should be: LIE
DOGGO* — HIT STRAIGHT AND HARD — CLEAR OUT
STEALTHILY to new position —
LIE DOGGO — HIT AGAIN — QUIT AGAIN — DOGGO
76
AGAIN.
By doing this the enemy never knows where you are and you are observing what I think is a cardinal point in war: having hit the enemy you do not wait where he knows you are, to see what he does about it.
But all this implies a number of positions already known and, where necessary, prepared; so you must bear this in mind when siting the roadblock (or what might better be described as the STORM CENTER).
Here is an illustration of what I
mean by DOGGO — HIT — QUIT tactics (see Plate below).
Before the enemy arrived the defenders were disposed in HOUSE A and slit trenches at 1. Two German motorcyclist came along from the northeast, saw the roadblock and were about to go back when an enemy tank came round the bend at great speed and stopped at Z.
A.W. bombs and Molotovs were immediately flung on to it from 1, but unfortunately the tank reversed so auickly that it was out of range before sufficient bombs to more that warm up and alarm the crew bad hit it. The tank retired to cover of WOOD at Y, and the motorcyclists opened tommy-gun fire on slit trench at 1.
This was more than the defenders at A could stand and they opened fire, killing one motorcyclist and wounding the other, who dashed off after the tank.
Defenders from 1 moved to HOUSE 2, and men from A moved to weapon pits at B.
Soon afterwards the enemy carried two trench mortars down the stream to behind the MILL, and as they opened fire on HOUSE A a machine pm from edge of PINEWOOD fired heavily on slit trenches at 1.
After two hits had been scored on the house two parties of Germans emerged from the wood, on proceeding southwest to attack the slit trenches and the other coming up the stream apparently with the idea of working round house at A.
Defenders in HOUSE 2 held their fire until the last moment and then downed eight of the Germans before the remainder escaped back to the wood.
On hearing the firing the officer leading the Germans against the slit trenches wheeled them round and dashed towards HOUSE 2 obviously hoping to take the defenders there in the flank while they were engaged with the other party.
This maneuver was seen by the defenders at B, who opened fire so effectively that this party retreated after the other, leaving several gray heaps writhing on the field.
Defenders from 2 then moved back to patch of shrub at 3, and those from B crept along hedge to WOOD at
C.
The mortars got busy again, one on to B and the other on to HOUSE 2. A lot of ammunition was expended before hits were obtained, but as soon as this had been done enemy came out of PINEWOOD again and advanced quickly. Unfortunately, an excitable man opened fire too soon from
Vol. VI. No. 1
The RESISTER
3 and the Germans went back again.
A few minutes later both mortars started throwing up the earth round the bushes at 3, but by this time the men from there, knowing their position had been given away, were tucked away in the slit trenches at 4, moistening the wicks of the Molotovs and getting things ready there.
Soon afterwards the enemy changed their tactics and the tank came round the bend charging up to the roadblock, firing as it came.
It almost mounted the block, then got itself bellied and swayed and twisted for a few seconds helplessly. That was long enough! First one flaming bottle and then another came hurtling from the security of the slit trenches at 4 till the tank was a roaring inferno and black clouds rose up into the sky. Soon its engines misfired and stopped. There the awe-inspiring tank was — nothing but ghastly ruin!
Seeing the fate of the tank the German infantry who had followed it hesitated and stopped, forming a splendid target for the defenders at C, who started flattening them at easy
range.
This was the situation when the forward scouts of one of our fighting patrols arrived from the south to see what all the row was about.
In a few minutes the patrol had moved down the stream and was mopping up the remains of the German infantry in PINEWOOD. What happened to the German mortar team was interesting; apparently when the defenders moved from B to C and looked out towards the Mill they could see the Huns operating the mortars in full view, but as they were dome no harm — in fact, were wasting their ammunition — the Corporal refrained from opening fire.
Soon after the tank had conked out the mortar team started to pack up and withdraw to Y. That was the time to let them have it! Only two men succeeded in crossing the space between the Mill and Pinewood, and that did not matter much, as they met our fighting patrol just coming out!
Later on, when things had quieted down, s number of Staff* officers were having the fight reconstructed for them. One said, “You have captured a tank, killed seventeen Germans, wounded and captured a lot of others
a SPLENDID PERFORMANCE; but what is so extraordinary is that you have not had a single casualty amongst your own men!” To which the Sergeant replied, “Well, sir, there was NO REASON WHY WE SHOULD HAVE ANY CASUALTIES.”
At that, silence fell on the little
goup. The Sergeant had uttered a
REAT TRUTH!
As a matter of fact, the defenders did have a casualty. The man who fired the premature shot from the bushes at 3 had lost two teeth and the skin of his nose. No one quite knew how, but the Sergeant looked acutely embarrassed when it was mentioned.
The only man who was disappointed in mis smart action was tne
A/T mine artist, who___________
had put his mines on
When it is absolutely fated you will probably be dissatisfied, because it is very, very seldom that one can get a perfectly sited roadblock, so ask yourself, “Wny am I dissatisfied with this positions (Or, being you, you will more probably say to yourself, “What’s wrong with tne ruddy thing?”)
mur answer to this question will have a far-reaching effect upon your defensive dispositions.
You may say, “It is too close to the comer of the wood and the enemy could sneak up under cover,” or, “The houses over mere dominate the defenders’ positions,” or, “A tank can go round it, and immediatelyvou begin thinking in terms of barbed wire, occupying houses, or placing antitank mines.
After that go down
the west of the road Now you ^ have ™ in the hope that the / , / £ -	,	c	,	of the selected posi-
tank would veer that noted that the defend- tion, puff yourself up way on seeing the ers WOllld have had with bloodlust and
block. He will prob- very serious Casualties swank, Mid approach ably have better luck	•	« j . t	the roadblock lmag-
next time.	if they had not kept	ining that you are a
Now you will quiet till they hit with Nazi invader.
have noted that the ^ their might and u PictH.re hcT &e defenders would have	^	at	Hun will attack. Vi-
had very serious ca-	m0V^d A/	„	sualize the creeping
sualties if they had not ONLE what 1 Call Boches looking for kept quiet tin they hit DOGGO — HIT — t^ie defenders and with all their might OTTTT	planning to get to
and then moved AT	1	dose quarters withl
ONCE—what I call	■ " ■■
DOGGO — HIT — QUIT tactics.
But they had to have their various positions and plans prepared beforehand and the roadblock had to be sited in a locality suitable for the tactics to be employed.
So much for the siting of roadblocks; now for their defense.
Active Defense of Roadblocks
Haring to site your roadblock so that it conforms to the general scheme of defense imposes serious limitations upon your choice of position, but I will assume that you have, with due regard to the main defense on the one hand and the surrounding tactical features on the other, selected your spot. Then ask yourself, “Would it be better a little farther up the road or a wee bit down?”
them. After that you will find that your defensive disposition will come easily to your mind.
Whilst on this subject of defense, do not make the fashionable blunder of considering only STATIC defense, but say, “You attack my roadblock and
ru attack Your
Make up your mind that an enemy temporarily halted is NOT going to be allowed comfortably to reconnoiter the position, calmly study your defenses and peacefully devise a plan to land the whole lot of you into the hereafter.
Consider how you will harass and hinder his preparations and deployment; in fact, if you are half a chap you will consider how you can GET YOUR BLOW IN FIRST.
This attitude of mind is brought out vividly in the case of the roadblock at CYMROS.
VoL VI, No. 1
77
The Fight atCymros
The RESISTER
The retreating British forces, having decided to hold this town, put a roadblock at A which they intended to defend from the houses at B and C. They also threw a screen across the road at D and had two men with antitank mines on a board* concealed in an entry at
E.
Lookouts reported two tanks approaching from the northeast preceded by motorcyclists and followed by three lorry loads of infantry. The cyclists came round the comer, saw the roadblock, swerved to one side and proceeded along ALDIS ROAD.
When they had passed, the two men concealed in the entry heard the tanks approaching and pushed out the mines in front of the leading one, blowing off its tracks and completely blocking die street.
The second tank stopped, looked at the screen over the bridge, hesitated a moment, and then charged the roadblock at A; only to be greeted by showers of blazing bottles from which it was just escaping when its engine drew in flame instead of air and stopped. The crew got out and would have surrendered, but a defender with a tommy-gun apparently misunderstood their intention.
After this the Platoon Commander (who was in the house C) said, “What will those infantry do now?" The Sergeant replied, "fll bet thev’ll start mortaring us like blazes and then attack for all they are worth, sir."
"Where do you think they will put the mortars Sergeant?"
"Behind them there trees in the park, sir."
"Right," said the Platoon Commander. "Get your men out of here before they start."
"Where shall we go to, sir?" asked the Sergeant.
"Behind ‘them there trees’ in the park and we will bring the mortars back with us!" said the officer.
How very true is the saying "Fortum favors me bravs"! Leaving a small guard on the roadblock and sending an L.MG. team to occupy house at F, the Platoon Commander lad his men through the house yards and entries to the buildup at 0 Peeping through the window, he saw the
CYMROS
three lorries under the trees at the other side of the road. They were empty, but he could see the backs of the Boches moving amongst the bushes in the park, and saw a mortar bomb sail up into the air and sweep towards the building at C. All the Germans seemed very intent upon this attack.
Leaving picked marksmen at G, he took his men swiftly and silently across the road behind the lorries, scuppered three drivers and was charging the backs of the astonished Germans before they could turn round.
It was not even a fight. Those who ran north were easy meat for men at G. Those who ran south were machine-gunned from F.
The last thing in the world the enemy had expected was to be attacked suddenly from the rear. There is a lesson in that.
Here are a few general observations which you may find helpful:
Roadblocks in Depth
on the roads most likely to be used by the enemy.
Watch this point when siting your roadblocks in the first place.
Eight Mistakes in Siting Roadblocks (See Plate next Page)
1.	Using two blocks where one will do.
2.	Leaving an entry, as shown by dotted line.
3.	Block in indefensible position when houses are available to defend it from.
4.	Block out in “the blue," forming no part of general defense scheme.
5.	Block straight road; should be round the bend.
6.	Block not denying the bridge to the enemy.
7.	Block sited where tank can get round.
8.	Road overlooked altogether.
Halting Traffic at a Distance
The ideal arrangement of road blocks is in DEPTH, so that, if an enemy vehicle succeeds in passing one, he soon bumps up against another.
Usually, to obtain depth all round a town or village so many roadblocks would be necessary that there would not be sufficient men to guard them. By using a little cunning, however, it is possible to arrange a certain depth
When an enemy may be in the vicinity it is all wrong to allow an unexamined vehicle to approach right up to the road block before it is halted.
Suppose that, suddenly, from a harmless-looking van jumped halt a dozen men firing tommy-guns or automatic pistols, what chance would the guard have? Not an earthly!
The only way to obviate surprise
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
WRONG SITES CORRECT SITU
attack of this kind is to have a light obstacle out, say, 150 yards in front of the roadblock where one man examines the traffic while another covers the examinee with his rifle. Then, should shots be fired, the main body of the guard is not taken by surprise.
Trees
Large trees felled across roads make good obstacles, but are very difficult to move quickly should our own vehicles wish to use the road. Because of this, think a long time before dropping a tree across the road. Bushy trees make good hiding- I places for lookouts or fire bombers.
Camouflage
Be most particular about camouflage; your life may depend on it. Do not allow tracks to
be made near your posts, and when you camouflage a place so that the Boche cannot spot it, be sure to put something he can spot. This has a double use: not only will he waste ammunition on it, but as soon as he sees it (if it is not too obvious) he will stop looking for the position you are trying to hide!
By the way, the old Hun does not shoot with wonderful accuracy, so put your “distraction” a safe distance away from the real post.
Bluff
In fighting the invader you should bluff like blazes. For example, •uppoM you have to block four streets in a desperate hurry, pith visitors expected any moment. While your men are busy blocking the first street send two or three men to get carpets and clothes lines out of houses nearby and eling them across the
streets so that the enemy cannot see beyond them. If you have not time to hang them vertically just lay them on the ground with bricks under them at intervals of a yard to make suspicious-looking humps.
No tank will dare to run over these without investigating them, and if you can fix a few A/T mines under one of them so much the better. Do not forget that Jerry will be sure to send someone on foot to lift up the carpet and see what is under, so detail men who can shoot to take advantage of this. It will be one Hun less, ana you can put him under the carpet to make another suspicious hump.
Screens stop tanks from destroying your roadblock by shooting at it. They puzzle and annoy the enemy and often can be used to prevent the enemy seeing you move men across the street to counterattack. If you are likely to be dive-bombed a dummy roadblock a hundred yards or more down the road may draw fire away from the defended one.
Other Weapons
Use every possible aid to defense you can scrounge up, from clothes lines to hose throwing water or even live steam. If you have an electrician amongst your men he may be able to arrange something up to date in the way of entanglements.
should the roadblock be likely to be rushed by refugees a trailer pump might be very useful.
Fighting Patrols
Sometimes when the locality is suitable, a much stronger defense can be put up by fewer men if, instead of having guards at every block, just a few lookouts are posted and a strong fighting patrol, covering a number of roadblocks, is kept ready to go into action in their defense immediately the lookouts signal danger. This obviates what so frequently happens when the enemy chooses one out of twenty roadblocks for a determined attack which is borne by just a few of the defenders while the rest of them art struck at other roadblocks with nothing to do.
Vol. VI, No. J
The RESISTER
TVapt
Anyone with an ingenious mind can devise all torts of traps ■capable of doing everything from landing an approaching totalitarian on his note to putting paid to a tank. The pretence of a hidden trap gives confidence to the defense and a magnificent thrill when you see the enemy approaching it. Try your hand at thia: you may have a great flair!
Routine
And now, in conclusion, I would like to point out that a lot of people have what may prove to be an entirely wrong idea about the length of time during which, if we have an alarm, roadblocks will have to be manned.
It is possible that they may, in certain parts of the country, have to be defended day and night for weeks on end, and this will call for a properly organized routine.
the best way of making this dear is to show you specimens of ORDERS TO ROADBLOCK GUARD COMMANDER, and STANDING ORDERS FOR GUARDS ON ROADBLOCKS.
If you study this you will at once see that the smooth running of a roadblock guard calls for hard work and a really conscientious N.C.O. in charge.
Incidentally, it is very necessary to work out fair and eaual spells of duty for all the men at the roadblock and poet them up so that every man can see when he will be on duty as sentry, runner, etc., during the next forty-eight hours.
Posting them up has the added advantage that each man can see how mud every other man is doing, and this cuts out the feeling that eveiy-one sarins to get after a time — the certainty that be is being worked harder than anyone else in the guard!
I attach great importance to these routine matters because when the tasting time comas, and your guard has to TIGHT for the roadblock, possi-bly after days of suspense and waiting, you do not want them to be what tbs old soldier, with his love of alliteration, calls "bitched, b******d and
bewilder” by loss of rest due to inefficient organization.
Your object should be to keep them
FRESH AND FIGHTING FIT.
You can ensure this only by strict attention to routine details.
This has necessarily been a very sketchy outline of the siting and defense of roadblocks, and there are aspects which I have, for various reasons, barely touched upon.
However, if I have succeeded in imparting to you my enthusiasm for this extraordinarily interesting subject, you will soon fill in the gaps and reason out the why and the wherefore for yourselves.
NOTES:
’Burlap sheeting [Editor].
2Silent and motionless [Editor].
The idea is to affix an antitank mine to a board, say, a 2 X 4, that may, with some measure of precision, be shoved out from cover at just the right time to prevent the vehicle from avoiding it, and at just the right position in me vehicles path to cause the most destruction.
Resister Distributors	
The Res’ister keeps a limited number of back issues on hand, and we charge S25.00 for them because our press overrun is only ten percent. Once they are gone, that is it. They will never be reprinted as single issues. These distributors may have back issues that are no longer available through The Resister, at their original cover price .	
Bohica Concepts PO Box 546 Randle, WA 98377	Arizona Response Systems 5501 N. 7th Ave., Ste. 1005 Phoenix, AZ 85013-1755
Wildmans 2879 South Main Street Kennesaw, GA 30144	R. Crabtree 2929 Hoyt, #515 Everett, WA 98201
Michael Paul; McClinton General Delivery Girard Post Office Girard, Pennsylvania [16417] C-FAR PO Box 332 Rexdalc Ontario, M9VV 5L3 Canada	Larry Bills 4806 NW Radial Hwy., #2 Omaha, NE 68104 Rob Moore 3890 Old Vinyard Rd., Apt. IIP Winston Salem, NC 27104 Michael Gelatin 407 Avenue H. South Houston, TX 77587
80
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
CLANDESTINE
TECHNICAL
COMMUNICATIONS
ML	(Part	I)
■k by
“Spaiks”
Communications is an essential element in any operation. Effective C3 (Command. Control, Communications) is the key to a nussion’s success. Fortunately, there are several varieties of commercial, off-the-shelf equipment that is either usable “as is”, or capable of being modified to meet any set of operational requirements. Operatives have a variety of systems at their disposal: telecommunications, data communi-cations/Intemet, and RF. Elements of different systems may be combined to produce a custom C3 package tailored to your specific cell’s needs. Future articles in this series will cover various aspects of clandestine communications
I will start by detailing the various pieces of equipment that a communications specialist will need to acquire in order to establish and maintain a cell’s C3 capability via the telecommunications (telecom) network. The telecom network offers a readily available communications medium that requires little in the way of specialized or expensive equipment to access. AH of the following equipment is available on the open market at this time, and would normally be found in the possession of an electronics technician or ham radio “hobbyist* ; thus offering a convenient covet.
The one tool brought about by the recent deregulation of the telecom industry in me United States that any cell will find extremely useful is the prepaid calling card. Available in denominations ranging from 15 to 200 minutes, these cards arc available
at any retail establishment for a reasonable number of FRNs (Federal Reserve Notes a/k/a “Cash”). Provided proper Operations Security (OPSEC) measures are maintained, prepaid calling cards offer a secure means of communications. Card calls are the only means in which a data (modem) call can be made over a pay phone. Otherwise, ■ after the initial rate period is up on a coin call, the resultant coin collection signal and request recording wall disrupt commu-nications.This is important, as a laptop computer and modem can form the basis of a secure communications terminal.
Care must be taken in the selection and purchase of prepaid calling cards.
Obviously, FRNs are the only recommended method of payment. Selection of prepaid calling cards is just as important as means of purchase. Before you commit to the purchase of a specific card, examine it carefully. Avoid those cards that state on tne package that they must be activated before use. Said cards are also identifiable by a magnetic stripe on the back of the card.This means that at the time of purchase, the card is swiped through the POS terminal by the cashier, and the card company’s computer is contacted by the store to indicate said card was legitimately
purchased. This is intended to eliminate service theft. It also generates a record of where the card is purchased. Activation-required cards are generally sold by common retail chains. To find cards that don’t require activation, check independent gas stations and convenience stores; particularly those in “ethnic” neighborhoods. Once purchased, the card should be used for mission-related communications only, and disposed of in a conspicuous place with a few minutes of time remaining on the card. The aim is for another individual to “find” the card, and use the remaining time available on it. This will help counteract traffic analysis attempts on the account. It is also advisable to commit the access number and codes to memory; temporarily caching the card until it is required to be disposed of. If the card is found on ones person during a search, it is a simple matter for an investigator to request an accounting report of all calls made on the card.
The common numeric pager is another one of those everyday items that arouse no suspicion, and can be used for secure communications. For around $100 or less a pager can be purchased with a year's worth of service with no questions asked and no ID required.The 10 digit numeric display can be used to send one way messages via simply generated numeric codes. The use of codes for brevity on paging systems is extremely common, and arouses no suspicion. A book entitled Parer Power is currently in print, ana is a code book that is capable ofgenerating any message required. This book can be used in conjunction with one time pads for your secure messaging needs. Simply take the number off the pad, and add to or subtract from the number indicated for the word or phrase.
Pager communications are easily intercepted not only by investigative agencies but also by communications hobbyists, in spite of it being a viola-
Card calls are the only means in which a data (modem) call can be made over a pay phone. Otherwise, after the initial rate period is up on a com call, the resultant coin collection signal and request recording will disrupt communications.
Vot. VI, No. 1
81

The RESISTER
equipment, id software
tion of this Electronic Communication* Privacy Act. This makes the use of encryption on such systems a necessity, The ease of interception by commercial off the shelf e a tS (in parts) circuit, an_ available over the Internet opens up an intarestii^ possibility for clandestine communications. The requirements are the assembly of a pager! Communications intelligence (COMINT) station, die location of
what phone exchanges (or numbers in an exchange) are used for pager service, and the paging system radio frequency used for said numbers. Once this is accomplished, it is an easy matter to identify which capcodes (pager ID codes sent over the air to identify which message is intended for which pager/customer) are assigned to which phone numbers. Using the pager COMINT station, capcodes can be flagged for traffic logging, with a cell*s communications identified from the usual account traffic by a certain preamble. While the message will also displayed on the pager of the customer wnose account you are appropriating, it will be ignored as a “wrong number". Such “mistakes" are common enough that they can be used to establish a clandestine communications network among the normal traffic an a system. By using this technique with several different accounts and preamble codes, a high level of security is maintained. The key to isrreee is in not abusing a particular account and causing the customer to contact the service under the impression that his capcode was accidentally assigned to another account. (This is an uncommon, but not rare occurrence.) Further details on this method will be elaborated on in a future installment.
A linemans test set (butt set) rounds out the foundation of ones telecom lot.This is a ruggedized telephone used by telephone company inet afters and technicians. It features alligator dips to enable it to dip onto any one of several test points on the telephone network, and a monitor mode that enables "an hook" moot* toririg of a line to check if*s status and
activity state bet
use. iti
devi
css
rtjj^^^SbourilOO new from various mailorder and supply houses* but havs been seen at haimasfs and electronics flea mirh*** for less than that amount.
While the genuine artide is nice to have, it can be improvised by taking any standard one-piece phone ana replacing the cord's modular plug with alligator clips on the red and green wires. Test points on the phone system are known by various terms: cans, pedestals, bridging heads, and b-boxes. They are used for either troubleshooting lines, providing customer service connection points, and acting as "demarcation points" between customer and telephone company wiring. By hooking into any of these test points, dial tone can be acquired ana phone calls made. These test points are usually unlocked, and “secured" with either a 7/16" bolt, or a 5/32" tamper proof alien wrench screw. A standard nut-driver will unfasten the 7/16" bolt, although electronics supply houses sell aH wrench" designed —i— specifically for the job. Tamper-proof alien wrenches, an alien wrench with a hole in the shaft, are
can
range could be longer.
A similar arrangement can also b* accomplished with the use of a cordless phone. A cordless phone powered by a gel-cell battery and (looked up to a phone line would allow an individual to use said line without having to be physically present at the hookup. Modern cordless phones use spread-spectrum digital communications on 900 Mhz. and 2.4 Ghz. frequency ranges which offer 1000 yard range and protection against casual interception.
When clandestinely obtaining telecommunications service, the temptation to commit toll fraud must be resisted. The calling of a toll-free number to a prepaid calling card service on a clandestine hook-up will not be noticed. The appearance of an unknown number by a customer on his
bill has the possibility of being noticed; with a resultant complaint made to customer service. One should especially avoid targeting the
Using the pager COMINT station, capcodes can be available though flagged for traffic log-
electronic tool supply •	ii>	phone	service	of	an
houses, auto-parts S™©*	#	enemy	agent	or	col-l
stores, and computer mumcatlOns identified laborator, as it far shows.	from the usual account more beneficial to use
For clandestine telecom access wireless phone jack systems appear to have
traffic by a certain preamble. While the message will also dis-
Sr.traJJJS played on the pager of
the customer whose account you are appropriating, it will be ignored as a “wrong number”.
cost about $100 ana consist of a base unit and an extension unit.
The b ase unit is plugged into any AC outlet near an existing phone line and con-| nected to the line. The extension unit is plugged into any other outlet and provides a phone line without the need to run cable. As long as both outlets are on the same transformer feed from the electric company, you should be able to hook tnie system up to I phone line and AC outlet in a utility room, and then go to another room with an AC outlet and havs a phone connection. This could even be ax* tended from one building to another provided both buildings were on the seme transformer feed. With the electric company bridging transformers for rtrnott mster reading, ths
82
their lines as a source of intelligence.
Laptops and modems are yet another useful tool. With good encryption software such as PGP, they offer an extremely secure means of communication. While a brand-new state-of-the-art HHHBjHK, laptop can cost upwards of $3000 dr pending on what you buy, but you don't need state-ot-the- art. All you really need is something that you can hook a modem to, run terminal software, and do a little data storage. One can find older laptops for under $100 in the classified ad sections of new papers and in your locale's ad paper-Manifests and computer shows *i* also a good source. 1 recently taw au 8088 laptop at one for $15. Just make sure the unit either has an intern* modem (even a 1200 will do) or hu>
an RS-232 or PCMCIA port to ad« an external modem. If you’re goiivl
Mf" Vol. VI, No-1
The RESISTER
the external RS-232 modem route, the modem will need to able to run offbatteries. Make sure that the power MPplv that goes with the modem is a DC output supply. Many modems use AC output supplies, and the modem will be much more difficult to convert to battery operation. For a while then were these “pocket modems” being sold which were the size of a pack of cigarettes and ran off a 9 volt batter)’. We haven't seen them offered
lately, but they still should be avail-*■ * *
able on the used and surplus equipment market.
For complete connectivity, acquire an acoustic coupler for your modem. Tins device attaches to the handset of any phone and plugs into your modems RJ-11 jack. It is essential for modeming from pay phones; where in most instances you don't have access to a terminal block or phone jade. Konexx http://www.konexx.com/ makes the “Konexx Koupler”. It plugs into the RJ-11 jack of a modem and provides acoustic coupling between the modem and a telephone hand set. According to company literature it operates up to 26.4K baud on electronic phones, and up to 2400 baud on pay phones and other phones that use a carbon microphone.
In the next installment I will give an overview of the telecommunications network as it relates to clandestine communications, and provide information on telecom operational techniques; including data communications.
Lectures on Defeating
Sensors
(Part II)
Near Infra-Red Sensors
SFC F.D. Godman
To begin with, we have to de- to an operator for him to interpret, fine our terms when dealing 2. (CNOWING THE LOCA-with the subject of infrared or TION OF THE SENSOR IS 90%
IR sensors. An IR sensor can be clas-l sified as “near” or “far”. For the limited scope of this artide, we will define near IR as an invisible light just beyond visible red light detectable by metascopes and image inten-sifiers (Starlight Scopes). Far infrared is defined as heat and is detectable by thermal sensors.
The metascope is a near IR sensor that usually depends on a man-made source of near infra-red light in order to function. This reliance on a source of IR light further characterizes the metascope as an “active” night vision device. With the advent of image in-tensifiers, metascopes were scorned as
DON’T TRY TO DEFEAT THE ^^■■■sensor, TRY TO
night vision device. DEFEAT THE OP" This was done be- ERATOR.
cause a metascope	_
with an IR flashlight strapped to it can be detected by an enemy looking through just a metascope. In this case, the enemy is using his metascope passively in order to detect someone using an active IR light source. The Russian PSO-1 rifle scope is equipped with a metascope. Some pundits have looked down their noses at this feature, but this author can’t help but notice how many IR “chemlights” a typical military operation requires.
To briefly review our rules of defeating sensors from Part I, we’ll see how they apply against near IR:
1. THE SMARTERTHE SENSOR THE EASIER IT IS TO
FOOL. Metascopes are “dumb” sensors. All they do is present an image
OF THE BATTLE. Because a
metascope requires an active light source, as mentioned previously all you have to do is diligently look through your own metascope in a search for active IR sources.
3.	DONT TRY TO DEFEAT THE SENSOR,TRYTO DEFEAT THE OPERATOR. Remember, the only thing that a metascope does is create an image. If you are using cover and concealment, moving slowly, and breaking up your outline through camouflage, the operator should miss ______— your presence. On
the subject of camouflage, I have noticed a great deal of confusion about the dyes used in the manufacture of the current “Battle Dress Uniform.” Some have read the word “infrared” and think that these uniforms make you invisible to thermal imagery. Read on.
Back in 1945, the Waffen-SS began the manufacture of a new camo pattern called Liebermuster. What is significant for our purposes is the way that different dyes reflect infrared light. Remember, we “see” color because so called white light consists of all colors in the spectrum. A pigment will absorb some colors and reflect others. What’s lesser known is that two different pigments can reflect, for instance, the color green while each reflects a different amount of infrared light. When viewed through a metascope, a camouflage pattern made up of pigments reflect-
Vol. VI, No. 1
83
The RESISTER
ing identical amounts of infrared will simply show up as one color. If different components of the pattern reflect different amounts ofIR, then the pattern is maintained. The Germans experimented with a vat dye in a color called Hvdron Olive Gx as well as Aniline black dye, both with good results.
Samples of uniforms made with this pattern fell into American hands at the end of the war and were used in evaluations by the US Army. It only took our Quartermaster geniuses another 40 years before they appeared in American uniforms.
One overlooked aspect of near infrared is not really a real time sensor but is something called camouflage detection film. This is an infrared sensitive film that operates on a “false color" principle. In other words, high areas of IR reflectance show up as bright red on the film while areas of high IR absorbance show up as blue. Because sunlight is the preferred source of light for this system, you can usually expect this during daylight hours. When an Army issue camouflage net is listed as IR, this means that it reflects near infrared light like living foliage.
In summary, when dealing with die near IR sensor, keep the following in mind:
1.	Metascopes detect infrared light and are NOT thermal sensors. They are subject to the same limitations as a pair of binoculars (fog, haze, foliage, precipitation, etc).
2.	Metascopes can only be deployed in the dark.
3.	In the passive mode, metascopes can detect an active IR light sources
on you such as chemlights, filtered flashlights, or the reading light on AN/I^S-5 N'l^ht Vision Goggles.
4.	In the active mode, metascopes can be employed in total darkness because they will be detecting reflected IR light from a man made source that can be CO'located or dis-
laced from the metascope itself. You However, can detect this manmade source without too much difficult
5.	Camouflage patterns with merits that reflect infrared will maintain their pattern under infrared light. They will also blend in with living foliage in a picture taken with infra' red turn.
t
T
elr
“Lo this, we have searched it, so it is, hear it, and know thou it for thy good." Job V.27.
The Right of Avoidance.
This “Right” is based on Christian common law, derived from Proverbs IV14-18. Many using this right are succeeding by executing the Law themselves; rather than being administrated by the godless bureaucrats of Washington DC with their codes, rules, titles and regulations. Furthermore, the U S. Constitution and the original Bill of Rights was written in the language of common law. But what happened? It was Lincoln who paved the way via Civil Rights Act of 1864. This brought Civil law (fiction of law) into the 14th Amendment’s jurisdiction. (Did it ever occur to you that everything you do with the state and federal government is through “contractual relationship?”) Once you learn the basic understanding of the two laws, you will realize the value of substance over fiction... And there’s more!
Illustrating the
Obscure Fallacies of Church State
An illustrated quarterly newsletter bringing you the facts in Law, resources, tools and contacts of those alike in your state. Under Caesar’s rule, you can only plea... Under the Law of Christ Jesus, you execute!
All we ask that you support the continued publication of this research as your heart directs you. Please send cash or Postal Money Order
t0	Michael	Paul
general delivery Girard Post Office, Erie county,
Girard, Pennsylvania [16417-9999]
Receive TNT every month!
The Nationalist Times
Subscribe to Americas best political newspaper. In each 24-plus page issue, The Nationalist Times tackles politics, economics, social issues, race, immigration, privacy issues, and all the latest doings of the New World Order crowd, and we do it from a perspective that infuriates liberals and delights patriots.
Published monthly since 1985, The Nationalist Times is politically independent and promotes a common sense, intelligent and passionate alternative to the reigning “party line.”
WARNING: The Nationalist Times is not “politically correct" and
may be dangerous to your mental health! If you have “politically correct”
points ol view concerning race, immigration and other topics then don’t
subscribe lo I he Nationalist Times. But if you believe it’s time for a
defiantly pro-American, nationalist point of view. The Nationalist l imes is for you.
Vol. VI, No. I
The RESISTER
Atkinson Associates Press
P.O. Box 1417 Clinton, MD 20735
4 July 2000
Fellow American,
We have embarked on a new enterprise. A new bi-monthly journal will be published, entitled. ’Eternal Vigilance,' starting with the September/October 2000 issue. This will be a journal of contemporary American culture. It will deal with all of the issues that we have addressed over the past five years; radical feminism, 'cultural Marxism,' affirmative action, and a host of other topics on education, jurisprudence, religion, media, government, politics, military and other cultural features of our American civilization.
A preview of the first issue, entitled "American Civilization in Crisis," is attached (first and last page). This journal is an attempt to reach a much larger audience than has heretofore seen our books, essays, and reports on these topics.
You may use the order form at the bottom of this page to purchase a subscription to this new and exciting journal.
Sincerely yours,
Gerald L. Ancmson President
A Journal of* Contemporary Culture
Please accept my check or money order in the amount of $50.00 for an annual subscription to the Eternal Vigilance journal.
Please send the journal to the address below:
Name:__________________________________
Street Address:____________
State:__________________________Zip_________
Please send a personal check or money order in the amount of $50.00 to:
Vo1- VI, No. 1
Atkinson Associates Press P.O. Box 1417 Clinton, MD 20735
The RESISTER
..Jdrew the tides efmen into my bands,
w	m
And wrote my will across the sky in stars. T.E. Lawrence
Books
Ifwe advert to the nature of republican government, we shall find that the censorial power is in tiepeople over the government, andnotin the government over the people.
James Madison, 1794
ewables
SOVIET-RUSSIAN CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL WAR PREPARATIONS
A Review of Biohazard
by
Dr. Joseph Douglas, Jr.
© 2000 by Soviet Analyst
Chemical and biological warfare now threatens the whole world. However, the notion that this threat arises from terrorism or the unpredictable behavior of so-called “rogue states,” is erroneous.The greatest danger in this respect arises in Russia and China. Moreover, the threat of chemical and biological warfare (CBW) is sophisticated. It would be misleading to call chemical and biological weapons “weapons of mass destruction,” as they are not destructive in the same way as nuclear weapons. While they can kill thou-1 tanas of people indiscriminately, they are also capable of being employed with great selectivitY.They are not just for terrorist or military use but have extensive and powerful applications in covert intelligence operations undertaken against politicians, businessmen, bankers, journalists, diplomats, and even religious leaders. While a large “CBW” literature exists in the West, almost none of it deals with certain highly sophisticated developments in which the most advanced scientific techniques are employed.
A widely noted book which goes to the heart of this question, Biohazard, has recently appeared, written by a real expert, the former First Deputy of the Soviet Biopreparat project, Dr. Ken Alibek.
Ken Alibek (a.k.a. Col. Kanatjan Alibekov, M.D.), a Kazakh, was one of
available in his book, Biohazard.
The Russian biowarfare programs were, at a minimum, ten times larger and more effective than anyone in the West had suspected - and they were still active, notwithstanding a prolusion of Russian denials. In 1990, the Biopreparat project employed 32,000 people, although some were concerned with legitimate work, like vaccine production. (By Contrast, at its peak the US biological warfare programs involved between 2,500 and 3,500 people.) Additionally, there were another 20,00 to 30,000 people in other bioweaponsprograms at the Soviet Ministries of Defense, Health, and Agriculture and at the Academy of Sciences.
Biopreparat managers were responsible for over 40 facility compounds, some of which contained over a hundred buildings. They had at least 12 high-security P-4 biolabs for working with contagious and highly virulent organisms, each of which was 100 to 1000 times larger than the two American P-4 biolabs at Ft. Detrick and the Centers for Disease Control. The types and quality of the new, extra-potent biological agent or-
SETtLS.- While they cim kill pens, With a Ph.D. in thousands of people biotechnology. He indiscriminately, they ganisms developed in had for five year. m |& capable of be- ^ Soviet lab. m the
.	/	j	.	-	1980s alone were
ing employed With	equally impressive:
great selectivity.	roughly a dozen
Mweapontsed agents, including smallpox,
been deputy head of Biopreparat, part of the	Soviet
bioweapons research, development, and production program. In 1992 he defected to the United States. The few US biological warfare specialists who had been concerned about Soviet biological warfare were stunned as Alibek described to them the full size of the Biopreparat program. A readable account of Biopreparat end of the evident lack of interest the US experts had in what Alibek had to say is now
epidemic typhus, anthrax, plague, tularemia, brucellosis, melioidosis, Q-fever (developed earlier, but refined in the 1980s), and Venezuelan equine encephalitis.There were also another 15 to 20 viruses and bacteria such as Marburg, Ebola, Lassa fever, and Eastern equine encephalitis that had been intensely studied but not weaponised for large scale deploy-
Vol. VI. No. 1
The RESISTER
mrnt. even though both Ebola and Lassa fever were close to being weaponised by 1989. Further, Biopreparat scientists had genetically altered four organisms ana had engineered three — plague, anthrax, and tularemia — to overcome the effect o! vaccines. Laboratory prototypes for producing the genetically altered strains had also been developed.
Huge Program of Clandestine Research
All this is even more unnerving when you recognize that Alibek only saw a part of the picture. The higher he rose in the program, the more he recognized that Biopreparat, vast as it was, was [only a] part of a larger zone of clandestine scientific research "The work Alibek knew and has described in his book did not include what went on at the Ministry of Defense or Agriculture^ or actual weapons deployments or deployment plans, or special testing conducted by the Ministry of Defense and die KGB, or allied programs in Cuba and Eastern European satellites, or KGB programs even more sensitive than Biopreparat.
Nor was he informed about the Soriet/Russian work in the allied field of chemical warfare, although the little he recognized suggested the existence of a program mat was every bit as sophisticated as the biological warfare program he knew so well. This is especially important because Western understanding of chemical warfare potential is even more lacking than die West’s understanding of the Russian biological warfare programs. In other words, the programs Alibek describes, horrendous and massive as they were, probably represent leu than 30% of total Soviet biological and chemical warfare activities, if that much.
Dr. Vladimir Pasechnik, the head of the Ultra-Pure Biopreparations component of Biopreparat, was the first scientist/manager to defect from Biopreparat. He did so in 1989. Dr. Almex followed in 1992. Before these two had lifted their comers of the secrecy veil, US intelligence had a minimal understanding about what was happening in either biological or chemical weaponry in Russia. US
understanding had come to an abrupt halt in 1970 after President Nixon unilaterally took the United States out of the bioweapons field (in 1969), then out of the toxin weapons field — and then for all practical purposes out of the chemical weapons field.
Arms control was to be America’s defense, and information that suggested that the arms control negotiations ware ineffective was frowned upon.
The last study produced (in 1969) by the CIA prior to the end of serious US CBW intelligence sensed how sophisticated Soviet bioweapons interests had already ________
become. Unfortunately, this study ...the programs Alibek briefings and threw a
specialists started increasing just before the Reagan Administration came to office. This interest was triggered by the Soviet use and testing of unknown chemical and biological agents in Southeast Asia and in Afghanistan, and by several defectors and Russian emigres who tried to warn US officials and Congress about the work of Soviet scientists such as Dr. Yuri Ovchinnikov4. In his book, Alibek describes Ovchinnikov as the most important Biopreparat “mover and shaker” in getting the project started. However, what US interest had been emerging was soon squelched by De-fense officials, who suppressed ‘wake up’
never saw the light of descr&es horrendous d«°P.dilh»g °°
day. It was taken out	f	*m«»ra-i«or pnnwrns
of circulation to
.	emerging concerns
and massive as they about Soviet exploi-
were, probably repre- tations of genetic en-
sent less than 30% of	new	*
.	developing new bio-
total Soviet biological logical weapons. The
and chemical warfare culmination of this
Council learned* activities if that much. when the author	was a high-level Ub
Defense science study
avoid upsetting the arms control negotiations, as Herb Meyer, Vice Chairman ofthe National Intelligence
brought him a copy of the study in 1981 at the start of the Reagan Administration. This was the time when concern that the Soviets might be using genetic engineering to produce new bioweapons was surfacing. The ten-year old study so shocked Meyer that he immediately took it to ClA Director Casey, who then and there called President Reagan and went over to the White House to discuss it with him.
Americans Had Neglected Intelligence
From 1970 until well after Alibeks defection, US biological warfare intelligence was, at best, a backwater operation, often involving fewer than ten analysts. Chemical warfare intelligence was almost as bad. When, in 1976, a top NSC official was asked about Soviet violations of the 1972 biological and toxin arms control agreements that had been identified, he answered, “Forget it. There is no significant information. Biological warfare is not strategically significant, and the Soviets have no reason to violate the treatym Interest among US intelligence
which concluded that there was nothing to be concerned about, that it would be a decade or more before the Soviets were capable of developing a sophisticated threat. This was just before Dr. Pasechnik defected in 1989 and burst the official bubble.
When Dr. Pasechnik told British and US officials what he knew about Biopreparat, which was far more alanning than what the most qualified US scientists had concluded was possible, about all the US Federal Government did was send a demarche to the Soviets. Then, as Alibekov explains in his book, the Americans and British offered to keep silent about what they had learnedform Pasechnik if the Russians would only respond, as they eventually did, to the .demarche Alibek describes this demarche and the Soviet response, which he explains was a pack of lies that seemed to keep US officials happy, until he defected end burst their bubble for the second time in as many years.
Dr Alibekov also relates how a senior official in the Bush Administration explained to him the logic behind their offer to “keep silent” about this monumental Soviet violation of the biological and toxin arms
Vol, VI, No. 1
87
The RESISTER
control treaty — namely, that US and British leaden believed that a public quarrel would endanger progress in other areas of arms control and perhaps waken Gorbachev, whom they assumed to be “genuine."
To understand what was happen-ing. recall that President Busn was doing his best to keep Gorbachev in power and the Soviet union “intact.” Earlier. st precisely the time when leading US defense scientists were tellinE people not to worry, Vice President Bush had suddenly become the
^ w
champion of a new chemical weapons arms control treaty. This was two yean after Reagan appointees in the Pentagon had testified before Congress that the advanced manufacturing technology made any verification of arms control treaties in the biological warfare area physically impossible5 and by extension, any comparable initiatives the object of which was the control of sophisticated chemical warfare weapons.
Naive Belief in “Covert Pleasure"
Next, the Bush Administration official told Alibekov that Washington was convinced that its covert pressure would force the Russians out of the biological warfare business, which probably meant that they threatened to delay IMF loans if the Russians did not stop their biological warfare programs. Unfortunately those in possession of the ability to apply pressure are the Russians — since their capacity to km ail high-level officials and people of power and influence in the West is tar neater than J. Edgar Hoover's ability to blackmail mem-kcfi of the Uo Con§ pess ever was. Why didrft the Bush Administration simply tell the world what the Soviets were doing - in the same detail as is contained in Alibeks book? The one thing the Soviet and Russian leaders going back to Lenin have feared most is exposure, as Alexander Orlov dearly demonstrated in 1953*.
Dr Alibek acknowledges that there was a certain amount of pressure from the United States, but it was of such a nature as not to jeopardise the program- It stimulated the Rue Stans to dose a few plants, and to
1980s. For example, there war yellow rain, which no one of substance believed was bee dung. There were also unknown chemical and biological agents like the so-called black rain used in Afghanistan, which war believed to be an immobilizing agent that acted so quickly that people appeared to have been frozen in position before they had had any chance to react7.
Secondly, from Alibeks perspective, the US response was incomprehensible - which is why it took him so long to understand
logical warfare ac-	that	US	officials	in
tivities. In fact There was no intent to charge of his debrief-
ES Hth' establish what the	pi*
highest levels did not n .	1t	the	bioweapons	arms
even want to know Kussisms were rcsilly
race was “on its way
about such activities, up tO Or tO procure the to becoming a closed Certainly, they were Josure of&eir colos- ^PJ« 0f the CoU
. .	.	t	.	j	.	War.	His	debneten
sal chemical and bio-
fiddle around with tome so that US inspectors could walk around them and find nothing. While serious American interest was evident in certain quarters, the dominant interest was in presenting an image of US-Russian cooperation and in communicating to Russian officials that it was important for them to help cultivate this image. This, it turned out, was the primary US official consideration. There was no intent to establish what the Russians were really up to or to procure the closure of their colossal chemical and bio- ______________________
determined that no one else should know about them either, given the immense embarrassment such knowledge could trigger, and its potential for exposing Washington's sterile fantasies about US-1 Russian cooperation ™ and of revealing those illusions to be intellectually and morally bankrupt
After Alibek had defected and brought with him a mountain of additional information about Biopreparat, the response of both the Bush and Clinton Administrations was even more frustrating both to those of us in the West who had been concerned about Soviet biological and chemical warfare activities for many years and to Dr Alibek, from his perspective as a Soviet bioweapons expert who was intimately familiar with the weapons, their potential, and not the least, the mentalities of the Russian military and political classes.
First of all, rather than intensify intelligence collection activity in order to learn as much as possible at precisely the moment when greatly increased activity would have paid oft, the CIA reduced the United States' Rus-tian-fbcused intelligence collection operations to chose to aero. There was not even the smallest attempt to learn what biological and chemical agents had been used in Southeast Asia and Afghanistan in the late 1970s and early
logical warfare activities. In fact Americans at the highest levels did not even want to know about such activities.
showed interest in Russian cutbacks in stockpiles and labs, but exhibited scant willingness to learn about the potential of the weapons the Russians had at their disposal, or about the capabilities of the biological warfare agents they had developed and weaponised, or about Russian btoweapons genetic engineering programs. Alibek’s conclusion was that the Americans really did believe that Russian bioweapons no longer constituted a serious threat — and nothing was about to change the American experts’ minds.
Startling “Breakthroughs” Under Yeltsin
B
e tween 1994 and 1997, Alibek, who continued to monitor the Russian professional journals, concluded from several articles written by Russian biological warfare scientists whoso work he knew, that certain important Ruscian bioweapons development programs that he also knew were not only still alive but that truly significant new scientific breakthroughs had been achieved. Yet, when he tried to tell the American experts what he had deduced, all he ran into wae American skepticism. The Americans
88
Vol. VI. No. 1
The RESISTER
doubted that weapons such as he described were possible, and even wondered why anyone would want to make such a weapon. As Alibek wrote in his book, "Throughout my career 1 found myself worried that American scientists would surpass us. Now I found myself struggling to persuade them how far the science of germ warfare had come."
He learned that even those who shared his doubts that Russia had shut down its bioweapons research believed the risk of a revived program remained small. US experts argued that Moscow placed too much value on its burgeoning partnership with the United States to risk alienation Washington — whereas the reverse was that it tons the United States which tub running scared ofthe false bogey— “destabilizing Gorbachev or Yeltsin.” Moreover, such people, basing judgments upon pragmatic considerations, saw no reason why the Kremlin would waste ‘scarce resources” on biological weaponry when the only threats Moscow faced from Europe and the United States were the insistent demands of creditors.
The capstone argument he encountered was older than the Soviet bioweapons program itself, which had been launched in the late 1920s. Appeasement preceded Munich. “I was cautioned by [US] Government officials,” Alibek writes, “against speaking out too bluntly against Russia Even if 1 was right, tney argued, there was no point in pushing Moscow further than it was willing or able to go.”
As one US official advised Alibek,
*perhaps there an questionable activities going on, butfor the moment, diplomacy requires us to keep silent.” But the origins of this weak "policy'’ go back to the 1917 coup leading to the estab-l hshment of the Soviet Union in the first place — and it has little to do with diplomacy. It is also the policy behind the absence of any widespread publicity about the Soviet atrocities of the 1920s and 1930s, the starva tion of seven million Ukrainians, the millions liquidated or sent by Stalin to the Gubur, and the thousands of American POWs that the Soviets “re tained” after various wars, for slave labor purposes and for use as guinea pigs in experiments.
After his debriefings were con eluded, Alibek collaborated with an
"Old Hand” US biological warfare expert to develop a side-by-side comparison of the US and Soviet CBW development activities in the 1950s and 1960s. He was amazed at how closely the research activities of both countries dovetailed between 1945 and 1969 - until he read the newly-published memoirs of __-the former Soviet
weapons of mass destruction (WMD) in the hands of terrorists and so- called “rogue nations.” This followed several multi-hundred million dollar increases in earlier years. The initiatives generally fell into four categories: training so-called “first responders” who would have to deal __„ with a WMD crisis, inoculating the mili-
Stalinist official, As one US official ad- tary to protect them Pavel Sudoplatov. In . j ai;l0u	from anthrax, stock-
his book Sudoplatov vised Alibek, perhaps piling
vaccines and
mentioned in a brief there are questionable antibiotics, and deparagraph that clas- activities going on, but velopment of sensors sified US materials j*	Jr*	to detect the presence
_ biological War. J0r the	"tf- of chemical indbio-
research had arrived MUCy requires US to keep logical warfare
in Moscow on a silent.” out the origins agents.
... of this weak “poUct” , WMe P1
Bui Patrick, with	,	. -r i	leans over backwards
whom he collabo- §0 back to the 1917 to avoid criticizing rated, told Alibek that COUp leading tO the es- these programs, he
noo^*.jW.ri- tabfishment of the So-	”	Tf
can CBW labs had . Tt •	•	n . what bewildered by
ever suspected the viet Union in the hrst
massive infusion of
presence of a spy.This place — and it has money when its pros-
18 curious Was little tO do with diplo- perts for success are, Patrick too close to	f in his judgment, so
see the problem or	macy.	limited. For example,
— with respect to the isponder training, the best team highly-touted New York City
had no one alerted the 1 ■■■ ..
labs, and if not, why not? Specialists within US intelligence had been well aware of the dangers. As a source familiar with the facts explained to me, the mail service between Detrick and Moscow was better than the mail service within Washington Beltway. The leakage of secrets was so massive that special restrictions on sensitive intelligence had to be devised specifically for US CBW development agencies. Incidentally, this was notjust an Army security problem. The CIA ran a special group at Ft. Detrick and also funded a number of sensitive overseas operations the focus ofwhich was the development of special chemical and biological weapons for covert intelligence use. Information from other defectors further indicated that people within these group were also reporting regularly to Moscow.
Pathetic U.S. Defensive Measures
In 1998, President Clinton announced a billion dollar initiative ostensibly to defend American cities against the threat posed by
first-resi in the
program flunked a test in 1998 when the whole team was “killed.” The scenario was just too much for them.
The US military anthrax inoculation program also seems to confuse Alibek as both a medical doctor and as the worlds s leading authority on anthrax weapons. He describes the serious problems hi encountered when he was exposed to Russian anthrax, notwithstanding the protection he had received, and implicitly questions the evident failure of US officials to recognize what he meant when he told them in 1993 that the Russian anthrax he helped develop was designed to be impervious to US vaccines.
The $450 million stockpile of vaccines and antibiotics was also of limited utility, he advises, given the variety ofbiological warfare agents available, 50% of which have no cures and which were the main objective of Biopreparat work — not to mention very real identification and diagnostic difficulties and Moscow's Enscyme project, the purpose of which was to develop genetically altered pathogens
Vol VI, No. 1
89
The RESISTER
that were resistant to antibiotics and vaccines.
At for all the sensor development program, the US labs are still trying to cope with a threat from the 1960s.
The hundred millions of dollars in funding authorizations that the US Congress has misguidedly approved to help the Russians "convert their chemical and biological facilities into commercial businesses was also regarded as somewhere between naive and wishful thinking. The flaws in this program are obvious.
First of all, there has never been any indication that the Soviets were about to dismantle a facility they considered to be valuable. Moreover, supporting evidence that they are not about to stop has emerged every year since the so-called “disintegration” of
the USSR.
Secondly, American political leadership — and, it follows, die intelligence community — has not known enough about tne Soviet chemical and biological warfare programs (nor do they seem interested in knowing, as indicated above) even to be able to assess whether the effects of such conversion would have any appreciable impact on overall Russian CBW programs or capabilities.
Thirdly, the size of the Russian programs is so extensive and long-established that perhaps 60% or more of it has been accomplished, and is probably ready for conversion or elimination anyway.
In the fourth place, as Alibek points out, US inspections interrupted the Russians’ work but did not halt it in any meaningful sense.
Finally, mere is no real US over-audit and every reason to believe that US financial assistance would be more instrumental in enabling important programs to continue than in ending important programs.
Throwing Money At the Issue, to Zero Effect
Once again, the overall US response is characteristically American: throw money at the problem and create the illusion of progress through hyperactivity. Also ciiaractcriettcalJy American, thare is no discernible interest in un* dsriUuidua the scale and detail of the
challenge. That is to say, what is the chemical and biological threat today and how will it have advanced in five or ten year's time?
The most one can infer from official US pronouncement and programs is that any CBW threat arises from the possibility that terrorists from relatively unsophisticated Third World countries which have not advanced beyond the technology of the 1960s could acquire such weapons.Tnere remains no indication that anyone is yet willing to address the
One can hardly consider the subject of
Russian and Chinese terrorism and the po-threats, or the poten- litical use of terror at
tial threats they may n •
hav. spawned, Whicfe aU- W1 dlOUt reCOglUZ-
also requires under-	ing that the Soviet
standing the ultimate Union was the grand-
™.^nT^a°n father of international
hardly consider the terrorism going back
at least 1955...
subject of terrorism and the political use| of terror at all, without recognizing that the Soviet Union was the grandfather of international terrorism going back at least 1955 when Moscow readopted terrorism as a primary weapon in this world revolutionary war strategy. The Soviets recruited terrorists, trained them, supported them, and handled their financial backup and safe houses right up to the controlled so-called “disintegration” of the USSR. The idea that these linkages have been severed, is about as believable as the fantasies that the KGB no longer exists or conducts foreign espionage, or that the CPSU was abolished.
But what is most worrying about Alibeks revelations is not the devastating biological weapons he has described. It is the existence of a large covert program concerned with the development of very sophisticated weapons... about which he was unable to learn many details because it was so secret.
Scale of the Russian Covert Program
A libek first became aware of yUk this even more covert pro-jLrram when he learned mere was a Ph.D. pharmacologist on the Biopreparai staff whose work was so
secret, that even Alibek's boss, the head of Biopreparai, did not know what he did. As he told Alibekov, Pm not even suppose to know that he's here. You figure it out — the guy's a pharmacological genius.
Like the curious cat, Alibek sensed something worth investigating. So he says he began his own quiet intelligence operation to learn more about this work. But apparently all he could
establish was some partial information.
First, he discovered that the “genius” was not just a pharmacologist but a colonel in the Foreign Intelligence Directorate ofthe KGB. Then he became aware of a covert program which, like Biopreparat, was organized in the Health Ministry Its ^^_ code name was Flute
— Fleyta. This program was also concerned with weapons of a chemical and biological nature, but which were very different from those handled by Biopreparat.
The weapons concerned chemicals and regulatory peptides capable of “altering mooa and triggering psychological changes.” Dr Alibekov also established that the program was operated by the KGB.
Ultimately, he was able to reach the conclusion that there was an entire covert division in the Ministry of Health—the Third Directorate, This Directorate was by no means of modest size; many institutes came under its control. One was the Severin Institute, located inside an asylum for the mentally ill in Moscow and which developed psychotropic agents to induce altered moods and behavior in humans. Another was a pharmacology institute which specialized in developing toxins to produce paralysis or death. “Ail were connected,* Alibek writes in Biohazard, in some manner to the Flute program, “whose principal aim was to develop psycho* tropic and neurotropic biological agents for use by the RGB in special operations.”
These few paragraphs may be the most important ones in Alibeks book. To understand why this is so, con*
90
Vol. VI, No. I
The RESISTER
sider the following definitions taken from internal Soviet military documents. ‘Neurotropic toxins are tone proteins... the most toxic chemical substances... their harmful effect is based upon their ability to inhibit the membrane receptors. How toxic is *most toxic?" Easily five orders of magnitude more toxic that the nerve agent fX. The Soviet military text continues: "Jwychotoxins are weapons directed against the further existence of an independently thinking and acting society and ‘psychotoxins [that are in development] will facilitate the complete influence and control over human consciousness.”
How does all this overlap with biological weapons work under Bioprtparafi The first clue is the nature of the biological warfare organisms themselves. As Alibek explains, die damage inflicted is a consequence notaftbe body cf the organism itself but\ rather f the toxin that the organismproduces. For the organism is the delivery system and manfacturingplant for the chemical warfare agent, the toxin, that can destroy various human organs or interfere with normal neurological processes. In other works, when one thinks in these sophisticated terms, biological and chemical warfare merges. As the Soviets wrote in 1979, “The boundaries [between BW and CW] had been erased." Using genetic engineering, it is possible to take from one organism a gene — for example, the gene responsible for producing a desired toxin—and to “splice” it into another organism so that the modified organism becomes a new manufacturing plant for the desired toxin. The psycnotoxins and neurotoxins mentioned above are usually small molecular weight proteins, or peptides, which are strings of amino-acids. A gene that will produce the desired peptide can be isolated or manufactured and then spliced into a biological organism so that the organism becomes a delivery system and, as noted, a manufacturing plant for the desired chemical warfare psychotoxin or neurotoxin.
Finally, certain categories of chemical weapons toxins which are designed to “alter mood and modify behavior" have to be re-administered —■ like taking an antibiotic several times a day or week — while other categories nave to be delivered to large
segments of the targeted population in order to achieve the desired hideous effects.
So what has been developed are the means whereby a biological organism is transformed into a sophisticated means of covertly delivering the psychotoxins and neurotoxins so as to enable a continuing supply of them to be produced from within the body.
This is just one of several explanations for the presence of the KGB pharmacology expert’s presence within BiopreparatM The potential consequences, obviously, are far more ominous even than the horrendous microbes designed to produce mass casualties that seem to have been a primary focus of the Biopreparat development program. While those developments are extremely ominous, what makes the KGB’s biochemical weapons developments uniquely dif-| ferent from Biopreparat — and of extra-special importance — is that they are not just paper threats or potential threats sitting in some warehouse waiting for war to break out. The KGB’s biochem weapons are special capabilities designed for covert employment in very important day-today operations.
As other defectors, also with firsthand knowledge, have described them, these capabilities designed for covert KGB (and GRU) applications have been used in actual operations since the first capabilities began emerging in the early 1950s.The main targets nave not been military units, but leaden in fields of importance to the Soviets such as politic*, business and industry, banking, religion, and mass organizations.
Moscow’s early experience with these “weapons” was so positive that the Soviets concluded that such capabilities were more important weapons to be used in support of their domestic and foreign policies than ideology and nuclear weapons. It would be folly to imagine they were not being used today in support of Moscow’s continuing Leninist strategy.
What will become of all the recently generated hyperactivity in biochem warfare defense in the context of growing concern over weapons of mass destruction (WMD) in the hands of “terrorists and irresponsible Third World leaders” remains to be seen. One would like to think that US strategic leadership and national security agencies have been awakened to the threat and, to a certain extent, this is the case. However, there are powerful forces which do not want certain in-
formation to surface; .1.	r	i	and	there	is a con-
...there are powerful tinuing national forces which do not policy to avoid, at all want certain informa- C08ts* finding any~
tinn to wit-fare- and	thing that would em-
oon to surtace, ana	barrass the Soviets—
there IS a continuing or Chinese or US
national policy to avoid, at all costs, finding anything that would embarrass theHBH Soviets — or Chinese lection , *nd
assessment activities.
or US policymakers.	The unfortunate
■	conclusion from all
policymakers. These attitudes undermine, and impose serious constraints upon, relevant intelligence col-
this is that prospects for opening people’s eyes ana minds are even Dleaker than is described by Dr Alibek in Biohazard. Accordingly, the United States and the West generally are likely to remain highly vulnerable to the deployment of these lethal weapons which we have irresponsibly done nothing adequate to counter.8
Dr. Joseph D. Douglass, Jr., is a national security consultant and coauthor of America the Vulnerable: The Threat if Chemical and Biological Warfare (Lexington MA: Lexington Books, 1989) and author Why the Soviets Violate Arms Control Treaties (Washington, DC: Pergaznon Brasseys, 1988), and Red Cocaine: The Drugging of America and the West (London and New York: Edwards Harle, 1999, Second Edition)
Reprinted by permission:
Soviet Analyst
Suite 1209
280 Madison Ave.
New York, NY 10016-0802
Vo!, VI, No, 1
91
In his best-selling expose. The Safari and the New Mandarins,Dr. Krieg reveals the names of the organizations and persons dedicated to the destruction of our rights as citizens of the I United States and of the US. as a sovereign nation.
Learn who are the stockholders of the Federal Reserve. Learn why congress approved of NAFTA without one single congressman having read it.
Learn who really controls the American government. Learn what organization completely dominates the State Department
And - this is only the beginning!
A3®wNFif
ISBN #0-87319-044-4 342 pages - $14.95
llALLBt KG PUBLISHING CORPORATION P.O. Box 23985, Tampa, Florida 33623 For additional information call: 800-633-7627 or fax 800-253-7323
NOTES:
1 Alibek with Stephen Handelman, Biohazard: The Chuling Thte Story of the Largest Covert Biological Weapons Program in the World — ibid From Inside by the Man Who Ran It (New York:) Random House, 1999). Also pub-1 lished in German under the title Dirrktvrium 15.
’International Security Council,
The Defense of Europe, May 1988, pages 72-73 where Meyer identifies Henry Kissinger as the US official who removed the report form circulation.
’See also, Nicholas Wade, “Bio-1 logical Warfare: Suspicions of Soviet Activity,* Science, 2 April 1976.
4For expressions of such interest in the open press, see William Kucewicz, “beyond Yellow Rain,*I The Wall Street Journal. 23, 25, and
27	April, 1,3,8,10, and 18 May and
28	December 1984; Joseph D. Douglass Jr. and H Richard Lukens,! “The Expanding Arena of Chemical- ! Biological Warfare,* Strategic Review, Fall 1984; Joseph Finder, “Biological Warfare, Genetic Engineering, and the Treaty That Failed,” Washington Quarterly, Spring 1986.
5 Douglas J. Feith, Testimony on Biological andToxin Weapons before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Evaluation of the House Permanent Select committee on Intelligence, Department of Defense, 8n August
4 Alexander Orlov, The Secret History of Stalin's Crimes fLondon: J arrows Ltd., 1953).
US Department of State, Chemical Warfare in Southeast Asia and Af-
^tan, Special Report #98, 22 1982 and Chemical Warfare in Southeast Asia and Afghanistan, an Update, Special Report #104, November 1982.
'For further discussion of these problems, see Joseph D. Douglass, Jr, and Neil C. Livingston, America the Vulnerable: The Threat tf Chemical and Biological Warfare (Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, 1989).
Jal> tth
“Must Read...”
John Spokes, Washington Times
In this new book. Dr. Krieg explains the methods by which Americans are being brain-washed to allow the dissolution of the United States either by treaty or executive order. This action is scheduled to take place not later than the Presidential elections of 2016, in which
ISBN #0-87319-047-5 case Juty 4th, 2016, will be 288 pages - $14.95 the last Independence Day!
"Great work... I have examined Dr. Krieg’s masterpiece with great respect for the research revealed in its pages. Congratulations to you for making this vital information available."
— Archibald E. Roberts,
Committee to Restore the Constitution
Visit Our Web Site at: www.kriegbooks.com
TheLut llUKFCiDCNCB I>A?
I*. VM—
1*,*»«. «■* «« ■■
The RESISTER
92
Vol. VI,
The RESISTER
DON’T SAVE HER!
She’ll Breed!
Deep Blue Sea
Movie Review by SFC StevenM. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Normally, 1 don’t watch shark movies. (Normally, I don't watch movies, period.) Let’s face it, if you’ve seen one shark attack you’ve seen them all. How much more original can you get with something that swims through the ocean, eats everything in its path, and has a brain the size of a walnut? According to die producers and director of Deep Blue Sea, pretty original. As it turns out stupid sharks eating people wasn’t scary enough. What we wanted was a Frankenstein twist — genetically engineered smart sharks. vVhy? Because some old humans get Altzheimer’s. See? I didn’t either, but the heroine did.
Enter our smart and sassy heroine zooming into corporate headquarters wearing her “power suit” to berate and intimidate the men who are financing her research. Of course, the Daddy Warbucks for her ill-considered science project is a brilliant, mega-millionaire Negro. (Are you getting as side and tired as 1 am with members of a race who could not invent the wheel being represented in movies as the saviors ofWhites?) Instead of bouncing the obnoxious woman out on her ear, the brilliant Negro is persuaded by the heroine s shrewish behavior to inspect the project he funded. The brilliant Negro arrives at the mid-ocean research station to find a chaotic, hippie style, loosey-goosey tolerant and indulgent workplace (the kind of “work environment* only a woman — of either sex — could conceive) where everyone hates him, not because he is a Negro,but because he pays their salaries and expects results.
The Story
A According to our Shrew Sci-entist, shark brains produce a chemical that, when injected into atrophied human brains, restores the neural connectors^Butshark brains are too small to produce enough of the chemical to be useful. So guess what the woman sdendst did? That’s right, she genetically altered sharks so their brains would be much larger. Result?
Smart sharks that can plot the demise of the humans who created them; which is not very smart when you think about it, but typically female.
To prove the “value" of her research, the Shrew Scientist has the (super) smart mother shark captured (of course, the Shrew Scientist invented one that could breed), she extracts some brain juice from it, and dribbles it onto some human Altzheimer's brain stuff lying out in the open. It works (of course; and the human brain stuff begins “firing" normally. “It’s ALIVEr Then, (yawn) disaster strikes.
There is a Typhoon, (naturally; it is quite impossible to conduct Fran-
kenstein experiments without raging storms), one of the scientists carelessly lingers near the smart shark and gets his arm bitten off (of course), there is panic among the scientists (predictably), but enter the Working Class Hero who grabs the shotgun (always resent in undersea laboratories) so e can kill the smart shark.
In the normal world, common sense dictates that men kill and render extinct anything that can prey upon them. But women are not men, and are therefore one step removed from the normal world, so our Shrew Scientist, in a typical woman fit of “doing good” for “all humanity,” releases the smart shark before the Working Class Hero can kill it. The smart shark, taking advantage of the Typhoon, then plots the destruction of its creators. The smart shark, knowing that the scientist whose arm it just snacked on must be evacuated, oes outside to wait for the Medivac elicopter.
The UH-1H flies through the Typhoon [!] and arrives at the research station, about a thousand miles offshore, in about ten minutes (Oh! Come on!), to pick up what is left of the smart shark’s snack. The scientist snack is almost winched into the helicopter. But, as fate would have it, the winch jams, then breaks, and the scientist snack, still attached to the UH- 1H, is plunged into the waiting jaws of the smart shark, which then tows the hovering-in-a-Typhoon UH-1H, like a kite, into the superstructure of the research station.
What appears to be a small nuclear explosion caused bv a UH-lH crashing into the side of a reinforced concrete building demolishes everything on the surface and three below-surface reinforced concrete and steel levels (it is well known that all technical advisors who have advised Chutxpahwood directors about the
In the normal world, common sense dictates that men kill and render extinct anything that can prey upon them. But women are not men, and are therefore one step removed from the normal world, so our Shrew Scientist, in a typical woman fit of “doing good” for “all humanity,” releases the smart shark before the Working Class Hero can loll it.
Vol, VI, No. 1
93
entiit, who, with all the self-righteousness that only a woman who it responsible for a disaster can muster after the obvious blame is laid at her feet, responds (paraphrasing), "But, I meant well!"
The only other surviving woman, obviously cognizant of the inherent flaw in “gender norming,” responds, flooded compartment The only other surviv-	TTlMST~?*P
SfiSiSE »gr™v,.bviTly fiT4HL, a
cognizant or the inner- cisely what I was
real effort* of trashing aircraft, bombs, and small arms were discovered months later in their homes dead from starvation).The underwater research station begins to flood, thereby admitting the smart shark, which wis all part of the smart sharks Evil Plan.
The obligatory chase scene ensues as the surviving hu « flee from
mans
ent flaw in "gender norming,” responds “You STUPID BITCH!” Oddly enough, that is pretty what I thinking.
aseJ
their flight thought*!
fly prearranged by the smart shark that bas not studied the blueprints. Another Negro savior, the cook, saves the day.
According to Chutzpah wood, without Negroes,
Whites would surely perish — all of recorded history notwithstanding.
The Good Scenes
There were a couple of good! scenes in the movie. The first rood scene was just after the •mart shark caused the nuclear UH-1H to destroy the research station. The smart shark then uses the scientist snack to crack the observation window in the research lab. The Negro Daddy Warbucks is standing next to the cmening in the floor of the re-saardi ub lecturing all the helpless Whites about courage in adversity, using his own experience of cannibalism following an avalanche as an example, when the smart shark hinges am of the.opening in the floor and eats him. fine Working Class Hero laid him not to stand so dose to the ©parang*-- but Negroes never listen.)
Tbs inspiring speech by the Ns- I gro Daddy Warbucks thus ended, the narked observation window (complete with imbedded scientist snack) yidds from rise wales ptessure A does escape fnllnwi hr rnitninningtht 100 mph* torrent, man dosing a water-tight hatch tgmuu ths pressure of about 30 farfaam* of ui-rushing see-water (is it just me who notices those things?) which finds everyone wet,
cohCediausted and trapped...quer
rifut'ng the sanity of me Shrew act-
was
Ithinking.
Finally, at the end of the flick, the Shrew Scientist, after further imperiling the other survivors, ignores a direct order (so typical) to connect the hot wire for an | exploding harpoon jury-rigged by the now floundering-in-tne-shark-pen Working Class Hero, and instead of (for just once in her life) doing what she was told, cuts herself ana leaps into die water to draw the smart shark back into range of the now useless exploding harpoon.
She gets eaten—thank goodness. If she had survived she might have bred.
However, despite the best efforts of the “doing good” and “meaning well" Shrew scientist to get everyone killed, the surviving Negro Savior miraculously appears and impales the Working Class Hero to the smart shark with the exploding harpoon. The Captain Ahab imitating Working Class Hero is dragged underwater Moby Dick style, out he is freed from his predicament just before the smart shark explodes in another small nuclear detonation. The Working Class Hero and the Negro Savior collapse in exhaustion on ths surface ruins of ths research station. Moments Later more women (of both sexes) arrive on ths boat that took them partying over the weekend. Tm ■waiting the sequel.
Roll credits.
_ _		The RESISTER	
Washington	Washington and His
* &	
HIS GENERALS	oenerais: Vol. 1
VOLUME I	r*-1" ty J.T. Headley
jOBk $	New From Resister Books
J.T. HEADLEY	True leadership is exhibited in those personal qualities known as bearing, character, presence, honor and sense of duty; however you want to define those personality traits they are self-
$40.00 to:	* _ r / j existing, not “taught.” True leaders “stand out,” and when they are in the midst of “others” it is apparent that they are deferred to in judgment and followed in action. They are intolerant,
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303 Cash, money order or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)	JO J judgmental, confident, and (without effort) command respect. They are, in their own right, regardless of birth, an aristocracy. Such men define Washington and His Generals. SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
WASHINGTON	Washington and His
&	1 -rPtlPTOlC' VaI
HIS GENERALS	vJvllvldloi f Dl» 11
VOLUME II	J.T. Headley
$	New From Resister Books Order the Two Volume Set & Save
J. T. HEADLEY	...even in the colonies there yet existed an hierarchy in society, and that that hierarchy carried with it Aam aci 1 AC* ffY> t% O 1 rACnAilCI Im 1 1 Hr • ) g't'i \ |’i llMlt tA
$40.00 or $65.00 Vol 8 I&II RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303 Carii, money order or check. (Allow 5 week* for delivery)	greater oi lesser iiianiai rcsponsiDiniy acLuiuiiig iu ones class and station. In any society based upon the natural order, leadership comes squarely, and rightly, down on the side of the martial aristocracy. SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.) From review ol Volume 11, PR, Vol. VI, No.2 (forthcoming)
Washington * &
HIS GENERALS
VOLUME I
ua ,i
<§?
J.T. HEADLEY
1V XlW'EMY Of 'HOXOfl ‘ftOOX _ .
Washington and His Generals: Vol. I
Washington and His Generals: Vol. II
pagei
LENIN LIVES. OKAY?
UNDERSTAND THE GLOBAL REVOLUTION!
ORDER TWO BOOKS WHICH EXPOSE THE CONTINUING SOVIET WORLD OFFENSIVE:
THE PERESTROIKA DECEPTION: The World's Slide towards the 'Second October Revolution' ['Weltoktober']
Second Edition, 1998. ISBN 1-899798-03-X. REGULAR PRICE: $35.00.
By Anatoliy Golitsyn, the famous genuine Soviet defector
and author of the classic 'New Lies for Old' [Dodd, Mead & Co, 1984]
Edited and with a Foreword by Christopher Story, Editor of Soviet Analyst, London, England.
THE PERESTROIKA DECEPTION confirms Golitsyn's reputation as the most accurate analyst of Soviet strategy in history. His predictive record puts all intelligence sources and communities to shame - which may be one reason why his analysis, based upon an understanding of the Leninist dialectical method, has been disregarded by US intelligence - with disastrous consequences. By 1993, no less than 94% of Golitsyn's predictions contained in his classic book 'New Lies for Old' had been fulfilled. Golitsyn's record in The Perestroika Deception [Edward Harle Limited, 1998] has been just as impressive. This book explains what the continuing Russian Leninists are up to, showing that the United States and the West have been deceived into believing the Soviets' lies about 'the collapse of Communism'. Essential reading for all serious students of international affairs, who need to know why the United States and the West are in such big trouble, and why the West is caving in to Soviet Bolshevik strategy.
RED COCAINE: The Drugging of America and the West
1999. ISBN 1-899798-04-8. REGULAR PRICE: $35.00
By Dr Joseph D. Douglass, well-known as the leading US security analyst
and expert on the geopolitical exploitation of drugs for strategic purposes.
Edited and with an Introduction by Dr Ray Cline, former Deputy Director of Intelligence, Central Intelligence Agency and a separate Introduction by Christopher Story, Editor of So wet Ana/yst, London, England.
RED COCAINE explains, first of all, that the global drug scourge is a long-term operation of Soviet and Chinese intelligence, designed to weaken and demoralise the West, while providing the resources for the permanent prosecution of the World Communist Revolution.
The second disturbing feature of this book is its revelation that certain well-known Western banks were hand-selected and corrupted by the Soviets in the mid-1960s to handle the laundering of the proceeds from Moscow's global drug operations. This means that the interna-tionalf inancial community has a vested interest in the perpetuation of the drug explosion, and explains why the West was eager to fall for the Soviet intelligence deception of 'convergence1 -as explained separately by Anatoliy Golitsyn in The Perestroika Deception.
A senior official with an international financial institution recently said that *we can't fix the drug problem, because if it were to be fixed, the international financial system would collapse'. RED COCAINE shows that the accumulated proceeds of drug operations since the start of the Soviet drug offensive in the mid-1960s is of the order of $40 to $50 trillion - the annual proceeds from this evil trade being conservatively estimated at more than $2.0 trillion.
and probebly as much as $J«0 fHIMPfi*
Vol. VI, No, t
PAGE 2
Christopher Story's introduction elaborates, for the first time, how the drug offensive provides the foundation for, and is a key component of, what can be called 'the Antonio Gramsci dimension' of the World Revolution - the unceasing work of undermining religion, the family, institutions, and 'loyalties’, which involves the replacement of civilised values with 'garbage values' and the promotion of the supremacy of a distorted mental 'counter-hegemony' which the continuing heirs of Lenin consider to be conducive to capitulation to the World Socialist Revolution.
ORDERING INFORMATION
[BOOKS ONLY. You can also order the 2 books plus 2 INVALUABLE newsletters: see below].
THE PERESTROIKA DECEPTION
By Anatoliy Golitsyn. ISBN 1-899798-03-X. $35.00
Send order plus full name & address with check or Credit Card details [$35.00]
[Visa or Mastercard, not American Express please] to:
EDWARD HARLE LIMITED, SUITE 1209,280 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-0802.
For expedited orders, send fax with Credit Card details to: 212-6791094.
To order by e-mail: Send order plus full name & address with Credit Card details to: bookorders@edwardharle.com
RED COCAINE
By Dr Joseph D. Douglass. ISBN 1-899798-04-8. $35.00 [$35.00]
Send order plus full name & address with check or Credit Card details [Visa or Mastercard, not American Express please] to:
EDWARD HARLE LIMITED, SUITE 1209,280 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-0802.
For expedited orders, send fax with Credit Card details to: 212-6791094.
To order by e-mail: Send order plus full name & address with Credit Card details to: bookorders@edwardharle.com
BOTH BOOKS ORDERED TOGETHER
The Perestroika Deception + Red Cocaine @ 25% discount = $52.50
Send order plus full name & address with check or Credit Card details [$52.50]
[Visa or Mastercard, not American Express please] to:
EDWARD HARLE UMITED, SUITE 1209,280 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-0802.
For expedited orders, send fax with Credit Card details to: 212-6791094.
To order by e-mail: Send order plus full name & address with Credit Card details to: bookorders@edwardharle.com
97
Vol, VI, No. |
BE YOUR OWN GOLITSYN!
LEARN TO PREDICT ACCURATELY LIKE THE RESPECTED GENUINE DEFECTO*,
SUBSCRIBE TO SOVIET ANALYST & ARAB-ASIAN AFFAIRS - TWO NEWSLETTERS EDITED BY CHRISTOPHER STORY FROM LONDON, WHICH LOOK AT EVOLVING SOVIET GLOBAL STRATEGY WITH THE BENEFIT OF GOLITSYN'S METHODOLOGY (BASED ON A PROPER UNDERSTANDING OF LENIN).
SPECIAL NEWSLETTER OFFER WHEN YOU PLACE SINGLE ORDER FOR BOTH [SEE BELOW]:
The Resister has arranged special terms for purchasers of The Perestroika Deception & Red Cocaine
SOVIET ANALYST: An intelligence commentary
Published since 1972 ISSN 0049-3538.10 issues per series. Regular institutional price: $350. Reviews Russian global deception operations and strategy, revealing how Lenin's World Revolution is being prosecuted amid Western ignorance and indifference by what Golitsyn calls the General StaF of the Revolution.
Arab-Asian Affairs: A regional geopolitical intelligence commentary
Published since 1975 ISSN 0196-3538.10 issues per series. Regular institutional price: $225.00. Monitors and explains continuing Soviet/Russian strategic deception operations in the Middle East
SPECIAL PACKAGE DEAL PRICE FOR OUR READERS:
THE PERESTROIKA DECEPTION 8i RED COCAINE PLUS subscriptions to SOVIET ANALYST [10 issues] & ARAB-ASIAN AFFAIRS [10 issues]
Regular total price: $627.00.	^
SPECIAL PACKAGE DEAL FOR THE RESISTER'SUBSCRIBERS: 5150.00
Send order plus full name & address with check or Credit Card details [$150.00]
[Visa or Mastercard, not American Express please] to:
WORLD REPORTS LIMITED, SUITE 1209, 280 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-08G2 For expedited orders, send fax with Credit Card details to: 212-679 1094.
To order by e-mail: Send order plus full name & address with Credit Card details to: subs© worrep.com
EDWARD HARLE LIMITED, Publishers of 'politically incorrect’ books WORLD REPORTS UMITED, Publishers of ’politically incorrect’ intelligence services SUITE 1209, 2890 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-0802, USA TELEPHONE: 212-447 5111.
FAX: 212-679 1094
EDWARD HARLE UMITED, Publishers of ’politically incorrect’ books WORLD REPORTS UMITED, Publishers of ’politically incorrect' intelligence services 108 HORSEFERRY ROAD, WESTMINSTER, LONDON SW1P 2EF, UNITED KINGDOM TELEPHONE: ♦ 44 171-222 3836
FAX [relays to London from New York at nil expense to caller]: 212-679 1094.
NOTE: AT THE END OF SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD, A $125.00 RENEWAL INVOICE WILL BE SENT.
IF NO RENEWAL IS REQUIRED, JUST RETURN MARKED CANCEL OTHERWISE CONTINUE TO BENEFIT FROM THIS PACKAGE DEAL ANNUALLY I
£ YOU NEED MORE COPIES OF THE ROOKS. LETM QUOTE YQU SPECIAL RATES I E-MAIL US»
Editor & Publisher: CHRISTOPHER STORY Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, London.
98
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
WOMEN in the MILITARY
Flirting With Disaster
by
Brian Mitchell
Finally, the real—and devastating—story of the disastrous impact women have on U.S. military readiness!
Captain Brian Mitchell reveals what top military leaders are afraid to admit. America’s effort to integrate women into the U.S. armed forces has seriously jeopardized our national security. Read firsthand:
The feminization of the military—a failure from West Point to Desert Storm
The true and horrifying story of women in Operation Desert Storm “Sensitivity training” for drill sergeants turns hoot camp into day care Service academy honor codes corrupted—to protect co-education Senior officers forced to lie—or retire—to keep the truth buried
Please send me__copies of Women in the Military.
$20.00
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order, or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
Name ________
Address _____
City/State/Zip
$15.00 to:
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
Chinese Intelligence Operations
Nicholas Eftimiades
With the fantastic aid of the Clinton-Gore administration, the Peoples Liberation Army is being converted... into a 21st Century military force. It already threatens Taiwan and its mainland Asian neighbors. But we must now realize that our President and his allies have made it possible for Chinese missiles to strike portions of the United States.
..	Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
The author points out the huge effort by the PRC to steal our technology. As Eftimiades states: *PRC intelligence operations against the United States have become so intrusive that senior U.S. law enforcement officials have publicly identified China as 'the most active foreign power engaged in the illegal acquisition of American technology.**
Frederick N. Smith
99
Vol. VI, No. 1
The RESISTER
America’s 30 Years Wa
Who is Winning?
by
Balint Vazsonyi
$20.00 to:
RESISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, money order or check. (Allow 5 weeks for delivery)
New From Resister Books
Mr. Vazsonyi has condensed in a single volume the most articulate, succinct, and candid description of how America is being destroyed from within that I’ve read in years. When he points at something and says, that’s the work of Communists, you had better pay attention—he’s “been there.”
SFC Steven M. Barry, USA (Ret.)
Vazsonyi takes by the horns a problem which tends to paralyze the thinking, such as it is, and all action by “nice” people. He calls liberals communists. And he will prove it to you. Liberals spout the same doctrines, use the same tactics, claim the same fine-sounding goals, and in their hearts, aim for the same evil objective — total power.
Dr. Susan L. M. Huck
For anybody trite dreams of the day when Cuffuiiufiuu I wist in the wind... this book i»a fieccMary reference.
SFC Steven Mid tael Barry (USA, Ret) Editor,The Resister
The Christie Institute's brand o/ legal terrorism trill continue until Congress corrects the current flaws in RICO.
Robert K. Donum
LEGAL TERRORISM
Dr. Susan L.M. Huck
With the growth of the more violent incidents of terrorism throughout the world, little attention has been paid to a more insidious form of activity which Dr. Huck defines as “Legal Terrorism.” Dr. Huck defines legal terrorism as a form of political warfare... designed to ruin a target’s life... via the courts by filing politically motivated civil suits against [patriots]. The primary practitioner of legal terrorism has been the Christie Institute... a liberal’ church-funded tax exempt group.
S7.00 (softcover) $14.00 (hardcover)
IeSISTER Books PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
Cash, moony order, or check. (Allow 1 weeks tor delivery.)
100
Vol. VI, No. 1
Has America Become Too
Politically Correct?
It’s Worse Than You Think!
The long anticipated German-content, English-language historical trilogy, “Lebensraum!” is here - a three-volume, quality paperback historical novel tracing the lives of two German families who fought each other in two vicious wars - both victims of political indoctrination. In this sensational and gripping story, based on personal experience and extensive historical research, the reader experiences Czarist and Soviet Russia, World War I, the Depression, and the dramatic Stalin-Hitler times that ended in the tragic trek of 1944-45 as German farmers left their heritage in Russia - ironically deserted by America, protected by the Wehrmacht.
Says author Dr. Ingrid Rimland, a California-based, award-winning ethnic novelist and author of a previous ethnic novel, “The Wanderers”:
Book I: “A Passion for Land and Peace" Germans pioneer in Russia and America 5l2pp, $25 Book ffi "The Theft of Land and Peace" Gomans lose their heritage in Russia and America 464 pp, $25 Book IS: "Tht Dream of Load and Peace" World War H as seen through the eyes, of Germans struggling on two comments, against their will caught in a fratricidal war 576pp, $25
“An estimated 60 million Germans and German-descendants live in America. These people's social, cultural, industrial and financial contributions to this country have been phenomenal! More than any other ethnic group, hardworking German immigrants have helped to lay the foundation for the incredibly dynamic power house that America eventually became.
“ Yet today, this ethnic group lives quietly, eyes to the ground, its loyalties questioned, intimidated and maligned, in permanent defensive retreat. Where is their ethnic pride? What happened to their folkish spirit? Why are they forced into spiritual submission? Their sense of history is like an unkempt garden
“I know that readers will accept a non-traditional version of World War II if it is sensitively treated and made acceptable artistically. We Germans and Germ an-Americans have a history that is a proud, accomplished history depicting kind, productive, honest people. Why should our children be ashamed? There is no need to be ashamed. The younger generations have been taught to see the past through other people's hostile eyes. We need to say: ‘My parents were German. My grandparents were German. . .* and feel that sense of pride again. The groveling must stop!
“That is what ‘Lebensraum!* is going to accomplish!”
News Flash: Hundreds of review- and prepublication copies of this ethnic trilogy, published March 31,1998, were seized at the border by Canada Customs, a branch of Revenue Canada, only two weeks later. The author was never notified of this confiscation, nor was her publisher. This theft of intellectual property, belonging to an American citizen, will be challenged legally with the assistance of the California-based Institute for Historical Review and the Canadian Association for Free Expression. Order your copies today!
lagrld Rlmlaad, Ed.D.
8968 El Cambio Real, # 108-888, La Costa, CA 92009-4195 Fax: 760-929-2268
Back Issues & Subscription
The following back issues ofThe Resister are available. Prices are determined by availability of remaining stocks and are subject to change as stocks are depleted. They will never be reprinted as single issues. We will not honor third party offers. (Check with our distributors listed on page 80 of this issue before you order a listed back issue at The Resister*s inflated
price.)
All back issues listed are $25.00.
Vol.III,No.4 Vol.IV, No 2 Vol.IV, No.3 VoLIV,No.4 Vol.V,No.2 Vol.V,No.3 Vol.V,No.4
Conservative Review
(Most Issues Available)
$7.00 ea.
SUBSCRIBE
Sample:	$15.00
Subscription: $50.00(Four issues)
(Cash, check or money order)
*ue indicate with which issue (current or next) you wish to begin your subscription.
The Resister PO Box 35046 Fayetteville, NC 28303
KLKUmTCtt
JV* ^
™ HW 6 2000 a
in AMVA/ATP.U t\LA\H VVrM wn